DAMASCUS ( AFP ) -- Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi wrapped up a regional Middle East visit in Damascus Sunday saying Israel should return the Golan Heights to Syria .
“ China supports Syria 's efforts to recover the Golan , ” which Israel seized during the 1967 war and annexed in 1981 , Yang told reporters during a joint news conference with Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Muallem .
While Yang was visiting Syria , a split appeared Sunday within the Israeli government of hawkish Benjamin Netanyahu on possible peace negotiations with Syria .
Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak said that Israel had an interest in holding talks with Damascus , in an apparent rebuke to comments made by firebrand Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman .
“ Israel has an interest in normalizing its relations with Syria while protecting its vital interests , ” Barak told reporters in Jerusalem ahead of Israel 's weekly cabinet meeting .
“ Negotiations with Syria should always be part of the Israeli government 's agenda , ” he said .
Lieberman said in an interview published Saturday that Syria 's support of Palestinian and Lebanese militant groups made it no partner for peace .
Earlier this month Muallem said that Syria is ready to resume indirect peace talks with Netanyahu 's right - wing government .
Syria and Israel held four rounds of Turkish - mediated talks last year but discussions were suspended when Israel waged a deadly offensive against the Palestinian Islamic resistance movement Hamas rulers of the Gaza Strip in December and January .
Yang has visited Egypt , Israel and the Palestinian territories during his regional tour and has urged Israel to resume peace negotiations with the Palestinians , Syria and Lebanon . -
Shoes and words fly as Canadians protest Bush at Calgary speech RAW STORY
Published : Tuesday March 17 , 2009
Print This Email This
As a center of Canada 's oil industry , Calgary  in the relatively conservative province of Alberta  would seem to be an ideal place for George W. Bush to give his first post - presidential speech .
But Bush was greeted by more than the 1,500 business people who paid as much as $ 315 to hear him speak Tuesday .
Plenty of shoes were thrown as at least 100 protesters gathered and chanted " war criminal , " angry that Bush chose Calgary for his first speech after leaving the White House in January .
At least two demonstrators were hauled away by police after brief skirmishes .
The footwear was tossed at an effigy of the 43rd U.S. president outside the conference center where Bush spoke at a luncheon , said Colette Lemieux of the Canadian Peace Alliance .
Some 200 protesters from across the country had gathered for the demonstration against Bush 's invasion of Iraq and rendition of terror suspects , she said in a telephone interview with AFP .
They traded insults with guests lined up around the building , and " three people were taken away by police , " she said .
" It was a heated rally , but not a violent rally , " she added .
A Calgary police spokeswoman said one protester had been charged with obstruction and assaulting a policeman .
Charges against two others were not announced .
" We had shoes sent in ( to us ) from across the country , " Lemieux said earlier , charging Bush is a " war criminal " who must be prosecuted for his former administration 's policies in the US " war on terror . "
" It does n't matter that he is no longer president , " she added .
" A bank robber who stops holding up banks can and must still be prosecuted for his crimes . "
The same applies for Bush , she said .
Media was not allowed into the invitation - only event Tuesday , billed as " A Conversation with George W. Bush . "
It was the first of at least 10 speeches to be announced in Canada , Asia and Europe , a source familiar with his plans told AFP .
But according to sources who attended , Bush acknowledged that his administration spent its final days " bailing water " to keep the U.S. economy afloat , Reuters reported .
But he said that the Obama administration should not let government become a substitute for the free market and it should also avoid protectionism , Bush was said to have remarked .
The Washington Speaker 's Bureau , which is organizing his post - presidential speaking tour , listed the Calgary event simply as " Remarks by George W. Bush . "
In its profile of the former president , it says : " President during a momentous period in American history , George W. Bush offers his thoughts on eight years in the Oval Office , the challenges facing our nation in the 21st century , the power of freedom , the role of faith , and other pressing issues . "
Earlier , the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation said Bush arrived in a private jet overnight and surprised patrons of an Italian restaurant when he dropped in for a bite to eat Monday evening .
" By all accounts the president was friendly , relaxed , cordial , ( and ) expressed many times he was happy to be in Calgary , " the public broadcaster said .
Over the weekend , a crowd gathered in the city to protest his upcoming speech .
" He is a war criminal who fought an illegal war , and there are some who say he was never elected democratically , so there are some who say he should be arrested as soon as he comes here , " said a woman dressed as a Guantanamo Bay prisoner , who called herself Ivana Nomobush , Reuters reported .
The woman brought a makeshift " shoe cannon " that catapulted footwear , but complained that security personnel blocked her from using it .
The protesters ' shoe theme is an homage to Iraqi reporter Muntazer al - Zaidi , who was sentenced last week to three years in prison for hurling his shoes at Bush in December , stirring outrage from his family and supporters .
With wire reports .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Having seen
The Big Show last weekend at close distance I still cannot fathom how someone that big can handle the physicality of pro wrestling .
I know it is staged and the outcomes are worked in advance .
What I ca n’t get a grip on is how these guys travel over 300 days a year and perform night in and night out .
The Big Show is a marvel to me .
Paul Wight was born February 8th , 1972 in Aiken , South Carolina .
Wight was born with acromegaly , a disease of the endocrine system which never limits growth .
Andre The Giant also had this but Wight had corrective surgery on his pituatary gland which halts progress .
By the age of 12 , Wight was 6 ’ 2 ″ , weighed 220 and had chest hair .
He attended Wichita State and played basketball there .
In the Wichita State media guide , Wight was listed as 7 ’ 1 ″ , with a shoe size of 22.5 E , a ring size of 22.5 , and a chest 64 inches in circumference .
Wight got into pro wrestling when he signed with WCW in 1995 simply known as The Giant .
His first - ever angle was interesting as he claimed to be the son of the deceased Andre The Giant and he was coming for Hollywood Hogan who killed his “ father ” .
The Giant remained in WCW until 1999 when he opted to head to WWE .
Wight debuted as Vince McMahons bodyguard in “ The Corporation ” stable .
He was performing under the name Paul “ The Great ” Wight for a few weeks before being renamed The Big Show .
Big Show was sent to Ohio Valley Wrestling by management to work on his fast - rising weight and cardio .
He returned to WWE in 2001 and has been around ever since with brief abscences where weight seems to be an issue .
Big
Show is the only wrestler in history to hold WWE , WCW , and ECW championship belts during his career .
The real name of Paul Wight has seen its share of legal headaches .
In December of 1998 , Wight was charged with exposing himself to a hotel clerk but not convicted due to a lack of evidence .
In March of 1999 , Wight was charged with assault for breaking a man ’s jaw at a hotel .
he judge found him not guilty .
Wight has a daughter with his first wife who he divorced in 2000 .
He remarried just five days after his divorce was settled and has been happy since .
The Big Show has been misused in the past by WWE .
I can recall having to watch him job to people half his size ( Rey Mysterio , Jeff Hardy ) .
I also hated that WWE scripted Floyd Mayweather to beat him at Wrestlemania 24 .
If Show fought Mayweather in real life , he could squish him like a grape .
McMahon has to keep some reality in his scripts because he is such a genetic freak .
Often compared to Andre The Giant , Big Show has never looked morbidly obese like Andre did near the end .
He is a much better athlete and used to be able to moonsault off of the top rope .
ECMAScript 5 is on its way .
Rising from the ashes of ECMAScript 4 , which got scaled way back and became ECMAScript 3.1 , which was then re-named ECMAScript 5 ( more details ) - comes a new layer of functionality built on top of our lovable ECMAScript 3 .
Update : I ’ve posted more details on ECMAScript 5 Strict Mode , JSON , and More .
There are a few new APIs included in the specification but the most interesting functionality comes into play in the Object / Property code .
This new code gives you the ability to dramatically affect how users will be able to interact with your objects , allowing you to provide getters and setters , prevent enumeration , manipulation , or deletion , and even prevent the addition of new properties .
In short :
You will be able to replicate and expand upon the existing JavaScript - based APIs ( such as the DOM ) using nothing but JavaScript itself .
Perhaps best of all , though :
These features are due to arrive in all major browsers .
All the major browser vendors worked on this specification and have agreed to implement it in their respective engines .
The exact timeframe is n’t clear yet , but it ’s going to be sooner , rather than later .
There does n’t appear to exist a full implementation of ES5 at this point , but there are a few in the works .
In the meantime you can read the ECMAScript 5 specification ( PDF – I discuss pages 107 - 109 in this post ) or watch the recent talk by some of the ECMAScript guys at Google .
Note : I ’ve provided a couple simple , example , implementations for these methods to illustrate how they might operate .
Almost all of them require other , new , methods to work correctly – and they are not implemented to match the specification 100 % ( for example there is no error checking ) .
Objects
A new feature of ECMAScript 5 is that the extensibility of objects can now be toggled .
Turning off extensibility can prevent new properties from getting added to an object .
ES5 provides two methods for manipulating and verifying the extensibility of objects .
Object.preventExtensions ( obj )
Object.isExtensible ( obj )
preventExtensions locks down an object and prevents and future property additions from occurring .
isExtensible is a way to determine the current extensibility of an object .
Example Usage :
var obj = {} ; obj.name = " John " ; print ( obj.name ) ; // John print ( Object.isExtensible ( obj ) ) ; // true Object.preventExtensions ( obj ) ; obj.url = " https://johnresig.com/ " ; // Exception in strict mode print ( Object.isExtensible ( obj ) ) ; // false
Properties and Descriptors
Properties have been completely overhauled .
No longer are they the simple value associated with an object – you now have complete control over how they can behave .
With this power , though , comes increased complexity .
Object properties are broken down into two portions .
For the actual “ meat ” of a property there are two possibilities : A Value ( a “ Data ” property – this is the traditional value that we know and love from ECMAScript 3 ) or a Getter and Setter ( an “ Accessor ” property – we know this from some modern browsers , like Gecko and WebKit ) .
Value .
Contains the value of the property .
Get .
The function that will be called when the value of the property is accessed .
Set .
The function that will be called when the value of the property is changed .
Additionally , properties can be …
Writable .
If false , the value of the property can not be changed .
Configurable .
If false , any attempts to delete the property or change its attributes ( Writable , Configurable , or Enumerable ) will fail .
Enumerable .
If true , the property will be iterated over when a user does for ( var prop in obj ) {} ( or similar ) .
Altogether these various attributes make up a property descriptor .
For example , a simple descriptor might look something like the following :
{ value : " test " , writable : true , enumerable : true , configurable : true }
The three attributes ( writable , enumerable , and configurable ) are all optional and all default to true .
Thus , the only property that you ’ll need to provide will be , either , value or get and set .
You can use the new Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor method to get at this information for an existing property on an object .
Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor( obj , prop )
This method allows you to access the descriptor of a property .
This method is the only way to get at this information ( it is , otherwise , not available to the user – these do n’t exist as visible properties on the property , they ’re stored internally in the ECMAScript engine ) .
Example Usage :
var obj = { foo : " test " } ; print ( JSON.stringify ( Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor ( obj , " foo " ) ) ) ; // { " value " : " test " , " writable " : true , // " enumerable " : true , " configurable " : true}
Object.defineProperty ( obj , prop , desc )
This method allows you to define a new property on an object ( or change the descriptor of an existing property ) .
This method accepts a property descriptor and uses it to initialize ( or update ) a property .
Example Usage :
var obj = {} ; Object.defineProperty ( obj , " value " , { value : true , writable : false , enumerable : true , configurable : true } ) ; ( function ( ) { var name = " John " ; Object.defineProperty ( obj , " name " , { get : function ( ) { return name ; } , set : function ( value ) { name = value ; } } ) ; } ) ( ) ; print ( obj.value ) // true print ( obj.name ) ; // John obj.name = " Ted " ; print ( obj.name ) ; //
Ted for ( var prop in obj ) { print ( prop ) ; } // value // name obj.value = false ; // Exception if in strict mode Object.defineProperty ( obj , " value " , { writable : true , configurable : false } ) ; obj.value = false ; print ( obj.value ) ; // false delete obj.value ; // Exception
Object .defineProperty is a core method of the new version of ECMAScript .
Virtually all the other major features rely upon this method existing .
Object.defineProperties ( obj , props )
A means of defining a number of properties simultaneously ( instead of individually ) .
Example Implementation :
Object.defineProperties = function ( obj , props ) { for ( var prop in props ) { Object.defineProperty ( obj , prop , props [ prop ] ) ; } } ;
Example Usage :
var obj = {} ; Object.defineProperties ( obj , { " value " : { value : true , writable : false } , " name " : { value : " John " , writable : false } } ) ;
Property descriptors ( and their associated methods ) is probably the most important new feature of ECMAScript 5 .
It gives developers the ability to have fine - grained control of their objects , prevent undesired tinkering , and maintaining a unified web - compatible API .
New Features
Building on top of these new additions some interesting new features have been introduced into the language .
The following two methods are very useful for collecting arrays of all the properties on an object .
Object.keys ( obj )
Returns an array of strings representing all the enumerable property names of the object .
This is identical to the method included in Prototype.js .
Example Implementation :
Object.keys = function ( obj ) { var array = new Array ( ) ; for ( var prop in obj ) { if ( obj.hasOwnProperty ( prop ) ) { array . push ( prop ) ; } } return array ; } ;
Example Usage :
var obj = { name : " John " , url : " https://johnresig.com/ " } ; print ( Object.keys ( obj ) .join ( " , " ) ) ; // name , url
Object.getOwnPropertyNames ( obj )
Nearly identical to Object.keys but returns all property names of the object ( not just the enumerable ones ) .
An implementation is n’t possible with regular ECMAScript since non-enumerable properties ca n’t be enumerated .
The output and usage is otherwise identical to Object.keys .
Object.create ( proto , props )
Creates a new object whose prototype is equal to the value of proto and whose properties are set via Object.defineProperties ( props ) .
A simple implementation would look like this ( requires the new Object.defineProperties method ) .
Example Implementation : ( by Ben Newman )
Object.create = function ( proto , props ) { var ctor = function ( ps ) { if ( ps ) Object.defineProperties ( this , ps ) ; } ; ctor.prototype = proto ; return new ctor ( props ) ; } ;
Other implementation :
Object.create = function ( proto , props ) { var obj = new Object ( ) ; obj.__proto__
= proto ; if ( typeof props !== " undefined " ) { Object.defineProperties ( obj , props ) ; } return obj ; } ;
Note :
The above code makes use of the Mozilla - specific __proto__ property .
This property gives you access to the internal prototype of an object – and allows you to set its value , as well .
The ES5 method Object.get PrototypeOf allows you to access this value but not set its value – thus the above method cannot be implement in a generic , spec-compatible , manner .
I discussed Object.get PrototypeOf previously so I wo n’t bother discussing it again here .
Example Usage :
function User ( ) {} User.prototype.name = " Anonymous " ; User.prototype.url = " http://google.com/ " ; var john = Object.create ( new User ( ) , { name : { value : " John " , writable : false } , url : { value : " http://google.com/ " } } ) ; print ( john.name ) ; // John john.name = " Ted " ; // Exception if in strict mode
Object.seal ( obj )
Object.isSealed ( obj )
Sealing an object prevents other code from deleting , or changing the descriptors of , any of the object ’s properties – and from adding new properties .
Example Implementation :
Object.seal = function ( obj ) {
var props = Object.getOwnPropertyNames ( obj ) ;
for ( var i = 0 ; i < props.length ; i++ ) { var desc = Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor ( obj , props [ i ] ) ; desc.configurable = false ; Object.defineProperty ( obj , props [ i ] , desc ) ; } return Object.preventExtensions ( obj ) ; };[/js ]
You would seal an object if you want its existing properties to stay intact , without allowing for new additions , but while still allowing the user to write to or edit the properties .
Object. freeze ( obj )
Object.isFrozen ( obj )
Freezing an object is nearly identical to sealing it but with the addition of making the properties un-editable .
Example Implementation :
Object . freeze = function ( obj ) {
var props = Object.getOwnPropertyNames ( obj ) ;
for ( var i = 0 ; i < props.length ; i++ ) { var desc = Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor ( obj , props [ i ] ) ; if ( " value " in desc ) { desc.writable = false ; } desc.configurable = false ; Object.defineProperty ( obj , props [ i ] , desc ) ; } return Object.preventExtensions ( obj ) ; } ;[/js ]
Freezing an object is the ultimate form of lock - down .
Once an object has been frozen it cannot be unfrozen - nor can it be tampered in any manner .
This is the best way to make sure that your objects will stay exactly as you left them , indefinitely .
All together these changes are very exciting , they provide you with an unprecedented level of control over the objects that you produce .
The best aspect , though , is that you will be able to use these features to build larger and more complex features in pure ECMAScript ( such as building new DOM modules , or moving more browser APIs into pure - JavaScript ) .
And since all the browsers are on board this is absolutely something that we can look forward to .
To commemorate the Hubble Space Telescope ’s 19 years in space , the ESA and NASA have released an image of a celestial celebration .
Two members in this trio of galaxies are apparently engaged in a gravitational tug - o - war , giving rise to a bright streamer of newborn blue stars that stretches 100,000 light years across .
Resembling a pair of owl ’s eyes , the two nuclei of the colliding galaxies can be seen in the process of merging at the upper left .
The bizarre blue bridge of material extending out from the northern component looks as if it connects to a third galaxy but in reality this galaxy is in the background , and not connected at all .
Hubble ’s sharp view allows astronomers to try and sort out visually which are the foreground and background objects when galaxies , superficially , appear to overlap .
The blue “ fountain ” is the most striking feature of this galaxy troupe and it contains complexes of super star clusters that may have as many as dozens of individual young star clusters in them .
It formed as a result of the interactions among the galaxies in the northern component of Arp 194 .
The gravitational forces involved in a galaxy interaction can enhance the star formation rate and give rise to brilliant bursts of star formation in merging systems .
The stream of material lies in front of the southern component of Arp 194 , as shown by the dust that is silhouetted around the star cluster complexes .
The details of the interactions among the multiple galaxies that make up Arp 194 are complex .
The system was most likely disrupted by a previous collision or close encounter .
The shapes of all the galaxies involved have been distorted by their gravitational interactions with one another .
Arp 194 , located in the constellation of Cepheus , resides approximately 600 million light - years away from Earth .
Arp 194 is one of thousands of interacting and merging galaxies known in our nearby Universe .
The observations were taken in January 2009 with the Wide Field Planetary Camera 2 .
Blue , green and red filters were composited together to form the galaxy interaction image .
This picture was issued to celebrate the 19th anniversary of the launch of the Hubble Space Telescope aboard the space shuttle Discovery in 1990 .
In the past 19 years , Hubble has made more than 880,000 observations and snapped over 570,000 images of 29,000 celestial objects .
Image credit : NASA , ESA and the Hubble Heritage Team ( STScI / AURA )
Source : HubbleSite
Mr Galloway was expelled from the Labour Party in 2003 British MP George Galloway has said he will challenge the Canadian government 's decision to ban him from entering the country .
Officials say he is banned because he recently spoke about providing financial support to Palestinian group Hamas , which is banned in Canada .
The leader of the Respect Party insists he is not a Hamas supporter and is not a threat to Canada 's national security .
He is due to give a speech in Toronto at the end of this month .
Mr Galloway , the Respect MP for Bethnal Green and Bow in London , described the ban as " idiotic " .
" I am not a threat to Canada 's national security .
I 'm just a politician with a different point of view to the Canadian government , " he said .
" But , one way or another , I will be heard by those who want to hear me in Canada . "
' Quoted extensively ' Canadian immigration minister Jason Kenney said border officials made the decision because of Mr Galloway 's support for the militant group Hamas .
Alykhan Velshi , a spokesman for Mr Kenney , said : " Our border security officials conduct an assessment of who 's eligible to come to Canada and on the basis of that assessment , they concluded Mr Galloway would pose a national security threat to Canada . "
He added : " Hamas is a banned terrorist organisation in Canada and this is an organisation that Mr Galloway has boasted in the past of providing support for . "
Mr Galloway insisted he simply supported the right of the Palestinian people to elect their own leaders .
The anti-war MP had been due to speak at a public forum , Resisting War from Gaza to Kandahar , in Toronto on 30 March .
Mr Galloway was expelled from the Labour Party in 2003 because of his outspoken comments on the Iraq war .
His expulsion followed comments on the Iraq war which Labour chairman Ian McCartney said " incited foreign forces to rise up against British troops " .
In 2006 he was detained " on grounds of national security " at Cairo airport after heading to Egypt to attend a " mock trial " of then PM Tony Blair and then US President George Bush .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON --
The number of U.S. workers filing new claims for state unemployment benefits fell more than expected last week even as the tally of workers collecting benefits for more than a week and another figure aimed at mitigating the effects of volatility in continuing claims data rose to record highs .
Initial claims for jobless benefits fell 12,000 to a seasonally adjusted 631,000 in the week ended May 16 , the Labor Department said in a weekly report Thursday .
Economists surveyed by Dow Jones Newswires had expected claims ...
On Boing Boing Gadgets , this wrenching video in which Eve Ensler explains that Congolese militias use rape to enforce discipline among a slave workforce that mines columbite - tantalite ore , a common raw material for many devices .
" We create those atrocities through our consumption , " says Ensler .
She is proposing that electronics manufacturers and their customers–us–began to concern themselves with the notion of " Rape - Free " products in which the raw , mineral components of consumer electronics are traced back to sources that can be verified to have procured them ethically .
( She allows that " Rape - Free " is probably not a moniker that would be comfortable plastered on boxes and signs . )
It 's without a doubt one of the most horrible but compelling things I 've heard in a while .
I 've been considering a parallel notion lately about the shocking rate we 're using a limited mineral supply to make what are essentially disposable bits of gadgetry .
While I do n't doubt that every effort will be made by profit - driven corporations to develop ways to produce goods even if rare minerals are fully depleted , the gulf between now and a future where minerals can be safely reclaimed and reused is fretfully wide .
LOS ANGELES ( AP )  Andy Hallett , who made his mark playing the green - skinned , good - guy demon Lorne on the TV series “ Angel , ” died Sunday in Los Angeles .
He was 33 .
The cause was congestive heart disease , which he had fought for five years , his agent , Pat Brady , said .
Mr. Hallett was taken by ambulance to Cedars - Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles after having problems breathing and died there .
Born and raised in Osterville , Mass. , Mr. Hallett moved to Los Angeles when he was 23 and worked as a messenger at a talent agency , Mr. Brady said .
Image Andy Hallett in  Angel .  Credit ... Nigel Parry / 20th Century Fox , via Associated Press
He went on to become an assistant to the wife of Joss Whedon , originator of the hit series “ Buffy the Vampire Slayer . ”
When Mr. Whedon saw the lanky Mr. Hallett perform karaoke , he had him audition for “ Angel , ” a spinoff of the “ Buffy ” series .
Mr. Hallett won the part of Lorne .
Browse >
Home Funny / Romain Mesnil running naked after sponsors
Romain Mesnil running naked after sponsors
FRENCH pole vaulting champion has run naked with his pole through the streets of Paris and posted the video on the internet , hoping to draw attention to his quest for a new sponsorship deal .
Romain Mesnil , who won a silver medal at the 2007 Athletics World Championships in Osaka , used to be sponsored by US sports brand Nike but says his contract expired last year and was not renewed .
“ It was probably for budgetary and strategic reasons .
It ’s the crisis , ” he wrote on his website www.romain-mesnil.com.
Many athletes have reported difficulties obtaining corporate sponsorship as companies cut costs because of the global economic downturn .
In his video , Mesnil runs with his pole as if preparing for a vault at tourist spots like Montmartre and the Pont des Arts across the River Seine .
A black square has been added to the footage to cover his private parts .
The video has succeeded in drawing attention to Mesnil ’s plight , at least in France .
It was broadcast on primetime state television news bulletins .
Check out these videos of him running , hilarious .
He surely won me over , I hope he gets the sponsors :
FOX has already been busted doing the old copy and paste routine of GOP talking points and using them as their own news which they apologized for .
Do they think people will not notice it again ?
They have so far gone over the line because of ratings that Howard Kurtz will be forced to scold them again .
KURTZ : Come on .
You should n't be apologizing for that , even if we were to buy that it was a coincidence that you happened to make the same mistake on the date of the article .
You should be apologizing for using partisan propaganda from the GOP without telling your viewers where it came from .
Talk about missing the point .
Media Matters :
During the April 1 edition of Fox News ' Happening Now , while co-host Jon Scott interviewed Rep. Paul Ryan ( R - WI ) , Fox News aired " FOXfact[s ] " purporting to describe facts about the House Republican budget .
However , all of the seven on - screen " FOXfact[s ] " were nearly identical to portions of an op -ed Ryan published in that day 's Wall Street Journal .
For example , using nearly identical language , Fox News and Ryan 's op - ed both characterized President Obama 's cap - and - trade proposal as a " scheme . "
Ryan wrote , " We do these things by rejecting the president 's cap - and - trade scheme " ; the " FOXfact " stated that the " GOP budget rejects the president 's cap - and - trade scheme . " ... read on .
They also apologized for dishonestly splicing tape on VP Joe Biden also .
Has anyone caught them dishonestly doing anything to the Republican Party , evah ?
Photo by Kathy Keatley Garvey , UC Davis Department of Entomology
By Leon Kreitzman
Gardeners know that plants open and close their flowers at set times during the day .
For example , the flowers of catmint open between 6:00 a.m. and 7:00 a.m. ; orange hawkweed follows between 7:00 a.m. and 8:00 a.m. ; field marigolds open at 9:00 a.m .
In “ Philosophia Botanica ” ( 1751 ) , the great taxonomist Carl Linnaeus proposed that it should be possible to plant a floral clock .
He noted that two species of daisy , the hawk ’s - beard and the hawkbit , opened and closed at their respective times within about a half - hour each day .
He suggested planting these daisies along with St. John ’s Wort , marigolds , water - lilies and other species in a circle .
The rhythmic opening and closing of the plants would be the effective hands of this clock .
Plants have carefully timed routines determined by internally generated rhythms .
In 1729 , Jean - Jacques d’Ortous de Mairan , a French astronomer , put a Mimosa plant in a cupboard to see what happened when it was kept in the dark .
He peeked in at various times , and although the plant was permanently in the dark its leaves still opened and closed rhythmically – it was as though it had its own representation of day and night .
The plant ’s leaves still drooped during its subjective night and stiffened up during its subjective day .
Furthermore , all the leaves moved at the same time .
It took another 230 years or so to come up with the term circadian – about a day – to describe these rhythms .
In a similar vein , tobacco plants , stocks and evening primroses release their scent as the sun starts to go down at dusk .
These plants attract pollinating moths and night - flying insects .
The plants tend to be white or pale .
Color vision is difficult under low light , and white best reflects the mainly bluish tinge of evening light .
But plants cannot release their scent in a timely manner simply in response to an environmental cue , like the lowering of the light levels .
They need time to produce the oils .
To coincide with the appearance of the nocturnal insects , the plant has to anticipate the sunset and produce the scent on a circadian schedule .
Flowers of a given species all produce nectar at about the same time each day , as this increases the chances of cross-pollination .
The trick works because pollinators , which in most cases means the honeybee , concentrate foraging on a particular species into a narrow time - window .
In effect the honeybee has a daily diary that can include as many as nine appointments — say , 10:00 a.m. , lilac ; 11:30 a.m. , peonies ; and so on .
The bees ’ time - keeping is accurate to about 20 minutes .
The bee can do this because , like the plants and just about every living creature , it has a circadian clock that is reset daily to run in time with the solar cycle .
The bee can effectively consult this clock and “ check ” off the given time and associate this with a particular event .
Honeybees really are nature ’s little treasures .
They are a centimeter or so long , their brains are tiny , and a small set of simple rules can explain the sophisticated social behavior that produces the coordinated activity of a hive .
They live by sets of instructions that are familiar to computer programmers as subroutines – do this until the stop code , then into the next subroutine , and so on .
These humble little bees have an innate ability to work out the location of a food source from its position in relation to the sun .
They do this even on cloudy days by reading the pattern of the polarization of the light , and pass this information to other bees .
In the dark of the hive , they transpose the location of a food source in the horizontal plane through the famous “ waggle ” dance into communication in the vertical plane of the hive .
Honeybees can tell their sisters how far away the food is up to a distance of about 15 kilometers .
For good measure , they can also allow for the fact that the sun moves relative to the hive by about 15 degrees an hour and correct for this when they pass on the information .
In other words , they have their own built - in global positioning system and a language that enables them to refer to objects and events that are distant in space or time .
German scientists in the early part of the last century called this ability of bees to learn the time of day when flowers start secreting nectar and visit the flowers at appropriate times Zeitgedächtnis , or time - sense .
But the species of flowers in bloom , say , this week , is likely to be replaced by a different species at a different location next week or the week after .
The bee needs a flexible , dynamic appointments system that it continually updates , and it has evolved an impressive ability to learn colors , odors , shapes and routes , within a time frame , quickly and accurately .
While the initial dance by a returning scout bee informs her sisters of the location and distance of food plants and the quality of their nectar , bees that visit the food source learn to synchronize their behavior with daily floral rhythms , foraging only when nectar and pollen are at their highest levels .
At other times , they remain in the hive , conserving energy that otherwise would be exhausted on non-productive foraging flights .
Although most animals , including humans , cannot sustain long - lasting periods of activity without circadian rhythms , honeybees have developed a marked flexibility in their circadian rhythm that depends on the job they are doing .
Whereas a particular circadian determined behavior is usually fixed to a certain phase of the cycle , in honeybees the circadian rhythm is dependent on the job the bee is doing .
Adult worker bees perform a number of tasks in the hive when they are young , like caring for eggs and larvae , and then shift to foraging for nectar and pollen as they age .
However , if the hive has a shortage of foragers , some of the young nurse bees will switch jobs and become foragers .
The job transition , whether triggered by age or social cues , involves changes in genes in the honeybee brain ; some genes turn on , while others turn off .
Young worker bees less than two weeks of age who typically nurse the brood around - the - clock display no circadian rhythms .
Older workers ( more than three weeks ) typically perform foraging activities and have strong circadian rhythms that are needed for the time - compensated sun-compass navigation and timing visits to flowers .
Recent research in Israel has shown that when young worker bees are removed from caring for the brood and placed in individual cages , they rapidly show circadian rhythms in their behavior .
Newly emerged bees isolated in individual cages typically show circadian rhythms in locomotor activity when at 3 days to 14 days old , ages at which most bees in the hive perform around - the - clock nursing activities as mentioned above .
Older foragers who revert to nursing duties switch back to around - the - clock brood care activity similar to that of young nurses in typical colonies .
The molecular clockwork mechanism that produces the circadian rhythm works by a series of feedback loops in which the proteins produced by several genes feedback to repress their own production .
It is a complicated system , but the end result is a near - 24 - hour cycling in the levels of various proteins that in turn result in the cycling of the secretion of hormones and other substances .
It seems that there is a plasticity , or flexibility , in the organization of this molecular clockwork mechanism in honeybees , and that the social factors that influence division of labor in honeybee colonies are important also for the regulation of this circadian mechanism .
As there is mounting evidence for increased pathologies and deterioration in performance when around - the - clock activity is imposed on most animals , including humans , detailed study of the plasticity of the circadian organization in honeybees may provide pointers for ways for us to have our 24/7 cake and eat it .
Honeybees are remarkable not just for the organization of their circadian clockwork .
James Gould of Princeton first studied bees as an undergraduate .
It was his pioneering study that showed conclusively that Karl von Frisch , who won a Nobel Prize for elucidating the waggle dance , had been right in concluding that the dance was a means of conveying information .
Ironically , an allergy meant that Gould had to stop working directly with the creatures , but his respect for them is enormous .
As he has pointed out :
When a human decides whether to recommend a restaurant , taking into account its menus , the tastes of the friend being advised , the cost of the food , the distance to the establishment , the ambience of the dining room , the ease of parking and all the other factors that enter into such a decision , we have little hesitation in attributing conscious decision - making to the calculation .
When a small frenetic creature enclosed in an exoskeleton and sprouting supernumerary legs and a sting performs an analogous integration of factors , however , our biases spur us to look for another explanation , different in kind .
We have been exploiting honeybees for thousands of years by systematically robbing them of their honey .
The least we can do is take proper care of these wondrous creatures .
Instead we are killing them off in their billions through our befouling of their environment .
The honeybee brain has only a million or so neurons , several orders of magnitude less than ours .
It is a moot point as to whether humans or honeybees make the best use of their neuronal resource .
**********
NOTES :
For a discussion about how bees know what to do , and when , see the appropriately titled paper by Pahl M. , Zhu H , Pix W. , Tautz J. , Zhang S. “ Circadian timed episodic - like memory – a bee knows what to do when , and also where ” J Exp Biol .
2007 Oct , 210 ( Pt 20 ) :3559 -67 .
For circadian plasticity see Shemesh Y. , Cohen M. , Bloch G. “ Natural plasticity in circadian rhythms is mediated by reorganization in the molecular clockwork in honeybees ” FASEB J. 2007 Aug;21(10 ) :2304 - 11 .
James Gould quote from Gould , J. L. & Gould , C. G. ( 1999 ) “ The Animal Mind . ” W. H. Freeman , New York .
Most religions have a day of the dead , and today is that day for Christians .
In this most secular nation , polls show few now know what Good Friday is for , this day for sorrow , for contemplating death , loss and endings .
But here the usefulness of faith ends , for it is mainly the power of the religious lobby that forces people to die in pain and indignity due to beliefs on the nature of life and death shared by very few .
For 20 years now , every poll on the subject shows that 80 % of people want the right to be helped to die at a time and in a way of their own choosing .
But that kind of " choice " is not on the agenda .
Or not yet .
It happens to be a good day for contemplating how we die and watch others die as the US courts finally let Terri Schiavo go .
She has been 15 years a- dying in a persistent vegetative state , probably beyond pain , though not beyond reflex responses .
But if there is still suffering to be had , now in her seventh slow day without water or food , the law inflicts death by slow dehydration in the name of " ethics " .
It 's a shocking spectacle that could be stopped with one merciful injection .
But here in our own dying rooms similar terrible ethical deaths are inflicted on British citizens every day by kindly nurses and doctors .
There is a conspiracy of silence about the actual processes of death .
What kills you in the end if you have cancer or other terminal diseases ?
Not often the cancer itself .
Nor the morphine that people innocently imagine will one day waft them away on a cloudy pillow of dreams to some opium - fuelled nirvana .
What people actually die of , like Terri Schiavo , is dehydration when they can no longer swallow enough water to live - and it takes time .
Enough morphine to die quickly is very rarely administered these days .
Instead , cautious doctors , extra wary after Harold Shipman , give just enough morphine to kill people by degrees .
It is enough , in the very end , to render them unable to drink so they die , semi-conscious , of thirst .
Hospices do n't put up drips to keep people alive , but they do n't give out death - dealing injections either .
The legal compromise is death by dehydration or sometimes slowly and gasping for breath by morphine - induced chest infection - " old man 's friend " .
That is the great unspoken truth .
The other unspoken truth is that morphine - the only existing , effective pain - relief - is a cruel drug whose main side - effect is such acute constipation that final months are spent in far greater agony from cemented bowels punctuated with bursts of uncontrollable diarrhoea than from the original disease .
The indignity of bowel - obsession is no way to end up .
Nor does morphine ease anxiety : on the contrary , frightening hallucinations are frequent so patients need anti-depressants as well , but those have their own side - effects .
Morphine causes nausea , requiring anti-sickness medication .
Nor does it take the away the terminal sense of a body crumbling and falling apart .
Many , like my mother , thought signing a living will to refuse intrusive treatment would be enough .
But she , like so many others , was left begging everyone and anyone for a quick release from an intolerably drawn - out , inevitable end .
It is one of the law 's cruelties that a healthy person can kill themselves or an irrational person can deny themselves life - saving treatment , while the terminally ill close to death are forced to linger on beyond what they can bear .
Since I wrote about my mother 's unkindly death , I have been inundated with similar stories .
People often come up to me and pour out their tales of miserable deaths of horror , indignity and pain .
The shock of discovering the truth about death fills people with indignation .
They feel they must tell others , must give witness to what happens , aghast that in the great cacophony of heated debates about insignificant things , this torture still goes unremarked .
Consider those who have operations while not properly anaesthetised .
What happens in death may be as bad or , for all we know , worse , since no traveller returns from that bourn to tell us how it felt .
Perhaps people prefer a sanitised myth about modern dying .
They hear the falsely reassuring murmurs from the religious and the BMA who claim that the best palliative care these days can take away pain and anxiety : no need for euthanasia .
But in polls most doctors disagree with their own trade union .
Over 80 % of churchgoers , Catholic and Protestant , disagree with their church leaders .
Nearly half the population say they would even go so far as to break the law and help a dying relative to die .
( Though when faced with the prospect , most , like me , would probably be too cowardly to do it ) .
Good though palliative care can be - my mother had the NHS at its very best - its own practitioners admit they often watch people die in great mental and physical anguish .
People clutch at doctors ' sleeves , begging for an injection : " Ca n't you do something ? "
How easy it is to slip into death - like unconsciousness under an anaesthetic , gone into oblivion before you can count to five .
That little death in the operating anteroom is a paradigm for how the good death could be for those who want it .
Why not , the dying ask ?
On April 4 the argument may progress with the publication of the report from the Lords committee on the Joffe bill on assisted dying for the terminally ill .
Rumour suggests that some on this finely balanced committee , who had been opposed , were deeply moved by the evidence from 135 witnesses , thousands of submissions and their visits to the Netherlands and Oregon , where assisted dying is legal .
It is rumoured minds were changed when they found their deepest fears unfounded .
Numbers choosing assisted death were not rising ; palliative care improved as death became an open , transparent business .
Here it is often a furtive affair , with doctors and nurses in fear that some demented relative might accuse them , unjustly , of murder .
The committee was shown death as a matter of the best clinical care , a process to be eased when people wanted it - not as the abstract debating - society topic of sound and fury .
If the committee 's report finds in favour , it could start a huge demand for a change in the law .
As the Pope rasps out his last breaths , his bishops are using his final suffering as a testament to the religious requirement to endure whatever quality of life God sends .
Both C of E and Catholic archbishops here will fight any attempt to change the law .
Politicians have taken their cue from the churches .
Only the Liberal Democrats have a policy to support it ( on a free vote ) .
Before an election , expect no debate on anything as sensitive as this .
Elections shrivel debate into an ever - narrower spectrum of issues .
Death , and catastrophic climate change , will be airbrushed out .
But sooner or later we all must die - and the manner of our going will matter to us very much .
polly.toynbee@theguardian.com
Looks like the honeymoon for the Palm Pre and Sprint might be over before it even began .
Though the relationship has n't even been officially consummated yet , it seems that Palm 's already looking outside of the marriage for someone to fill its needs : and that someone is Verizon .
According to Reuters , Verizon will be getting the Palm Pre alongside the BlackBerry Storm 2 and to - be - announced Android handsets .
The catch ?
Verizon Wireless CEO Lowell McAdam said the Pre will come to Verizon in around six months time .
Half a year seems to be all the exclusivity Sprint will get for the handset .
The timing of this announcement reads as a big [ expletive deleted ] to Sprint , since the network is launching the Pre in just over a week , on June 6th .
Sprint CEO
Dan
Hesse said earlier this month that the company did n't expect to be able to keep up with demand in the initial days of the launch , but the question now is whether early adopters will be as eager to line up for the Pre at its release if they know it 's coming to Verizon 's network in six months .
Certainly , it seems unlikely that Sprint 's going to pull a lot of -- if any -- converts from Verizon .
Given that Sprint is looking to the Pre to help keep itself afloat -- the company has lost both money and subscribers for the past six consecutive quarters -- this announcement has to have taken the wind from its sails .
This story , " Verizon to Get Palm Pre in Six Months " was originally published by Macworld .
Economics has long been called the dismal science .
The general economic outlook today is indeed dismal , but that does n't mean job prospects in the field are .
" There is no unemployment among Ph.D. 's in economics , " declares John Siegfried , a Vanderbilt University professor .
Just do the math , and you 'll see why :
In the current academic year , the American Economics Association has listed approximately 2,200 job openings worldwide — but U.S. universities will grant only 950 Ph.D. 's in economics .
Universities themselves may cut back , but economists remain in demand in government , business , and nonprofits and as consultants or policy analysts .
" Depending on the program , about half the graduates stay in academics , and the other half go into the private sector , government , or places like the World Bank or International Monetary Fund , " says William Collins , director of graduate studies in economics at Vanderbilt .
Some of the most famous economics Ph.D. 's straddle both worlds ; think of Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke , New York Times columnist and Nobel Prize winner Paul Krugman , and Obama advisers Christina Romer ( who will chair the White House Council of Economic Advisers ) and Laura D'Andrea Tyson .
But economics has applications in many fields , as evidenced by a growing interest in the intersections with other disciplines .
Vanderbilt 's Law School , for instance , offers a J.D. - Ph.D. program .
" That program is centered in the law school , but we collaborate on the courses , " says Collins .
Schools of public policy and public health also see common ground :
At Montana State University , students can earn master 's degrees in applied economics in agricultural or natural resources .
And some graduate engineering programs offer extra training in economics , according to Wendy Stock , head of the economics department at Montana State .
Behavioral economics — the place where human behavior and psychology meet the marketplace — is also increasingly influential and popular , says Botond Koszegi , associate professor of economics and chair of graduate admissions at the University of California - Berkeley : " It used to be more of a niche or contrarian field , but now it is more mainstream . "
This field uses the discipline of economics to study " how people really make decisions , " says Berkeley Ph.D. candidate Matt Levy .
His research addresses cigarette addiction and the ways in which new smokers underpredict the long - term cost of smoking for finances and health .
Says Levy : " One of the important questions that people in behavioral economics ask is , can we come up with interventions that will help people make better decisions ? "
Jonathan D. Rose , another Ph.D. candidate at Berkeley , has been studying the 1930s — " the last time we had a mortgage crisis like this , " he explains .
Playing catch - up .
American students may be surprised to find that many international students have an easier time in the first year or two of the Ph.D. program .
That 's because of the concentration on mathematical and quantitative skills , which are often a strong point of foreign applicants .
At Berkeley , for instance , Koszegi observes that most international applicants already have a master 's in economics , while most American applicants do not .
" But the Americans catch up very quickly , " says Koszegi .
Montana State 's Stock has a similar observation : " The jump from an undergraduate to a Ph.D. program is very large , and it's my impression that this is more so in economics than in other disciplines . "
She advises anyone contemplating a Ph.D. program to go for a master 's first .
" That would give you extra training , more exposure to the core of the discipline , and comfort with conducting independent research , " she says .
It will probably also raise your scores on the GRE — a key factor , since the median quantitative score for those accepted into Ph.D. programs is 100 percent .
Jackie Haines , a senior majoring in economics at Montana State , is following Stock 's advice , hoping to " be competitive and excel " by entering the M.A. program next year and applying for Ph.D. programs after that .
The good news is the provincial government is promising to fix the welfare system .
The bad news is they broke it really , really badly and much damage is already done .
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners John Horton ’s Paintings Preserve History .
His Seamanship Saves Lives
Meet the fascinating Order of BC winner who also happens to be a Tyee supporter .
" A lot of these problems have been really bad for seven years , " said Sarah Khan , a lawyer with the B.C. Public Interest Advocacy Centre .
" Many of them have been chronic since 2002 . "
The problems go back to the period after Premier Gordon Campbell 's BC Liberal Party first formed government .
As the Tyee reported in a 2004 series , Campbell 's reforms led to a huge drop in the welfare caseload .
While the government claimed the drop was from people going back to work , much of it with the help of private job placement companies , there was plenty of evidence the new rules were being used to rule ineligible people who would previously have gotten help .
In 2005 , after trying to get the government to change many of the policies , Khan filed a complaint with the Ombudsman 's office .
That complaint led to the recent release of Ombudsman Kim Carter 's Last Resort , a 121 - page report that found the welfare system is " overly complex " and not designed to meet the needs of the people applying for help .
Kafkaesque bureaucracy was keeping people from getting assistance , she found .
Communities suffer
That broken system affected not just the people denied assistance , said Khan , but communities across the province .
" We think the increases in homelessness are directly attributable to the problems identified in this report , " Khan said .
Had the Liberals fixed these problems years ago , or not created them in the first place , she said , " There 's no way we could have seen the levels of homelessness we see now . "
Ombudsman Carter did not look at homelessness in her report , but in an interview said a well - functioning system would reduce the chances of people falling through the cracks .
" You do n't want a system that has a gap there so people lose everything .
It 's very hard to get people back .
You want something that will catch people and tide them over . "
Housing and Social Development Minister Rich Coleman is responsible for both income assistance and homelessness .
Asked about the connection between homelessness and the difficulty people have getting welfare , he said , " I do n't agree with that at all .
Homelessness is a whole different issue with mental health and addictions .
It 's way beyond something that 's just social assistance . "
The NDP 's income assistance critic , Jagrup Brar , said there are many factors contributing to homelessness , including the low minimum wage , the lack of affordable housing and insufficient care for people with addictions and mental illnesses .
But welfare plays a part too : " Making it hard for people to access income assistance supports is part of that gain . "
Unemployment low , homelessness up
The number of homeless have doubled in many communities , including Vancouver , Surrey and Victoria , Brar said .
" It 's very hard to understand why the number of homeless people will go significantly up when the unemployment rate was very low .
It 's clear there is something wrong with the public policy . "
Others point to limiting welfare as a big part of the problem .
" It 's contributed to where we 're at right now with so many destitute people , " said Susan Henry , a community worker and advocate at First United Church in Vancouver 's Downtown Eastside .
" When you do n't have any income , or this tiny income , how can you afford to have a place ? "
For several years people who are homeless have been allowed to sleep in the church .
That number exploded after 2002 , she said .
" It was just awful , " she said .
" A lot of the damage has already been done quite some time ago . "
Henry was very positive about Carter 's report .
" It confirms everything we saw , " she said .
" It reveals the central ugliness of welfare . "
Things have improved slightly , she said , but she 's dubious about the Liberal government taking credit .
" You created the problem in the first place , " she said .
" The ministry is seizing credit for solutions that we , the advocacy community , forced them to create . "
Change is underway : Coleman
Coleman too was positive about Carter 's report .
" She was really good working with my office , " he said .
" It was a pretty good collaborative process between us to see how we could improve things . "
Welfare Fixes Slow in Coming
In a recent letter to Housing and Social Development Minister Rich Coleman , NDP North Island MLA Claire Trevena said that fixes the government promised in 2006 are still not in place .
In particular , ministry staff are supposed to do emergency needs assessments for people within 24 hours .
The commitment was made at the start of the ombudsman 's investigation in 2006 following BCPIAC 's 2005 complaint .
" I repeatedly hear instances of people who are homeless , who are destitute , being told by ministry staff to come back for an assessment at a later date , " Trevena said .
One person from Campbell River had a rat infestation in her home , was about to have her electricity cut off and had no money for food , Trevena wrote .
Still , it took 10 days to get an emergency needs assessment .
" This is not unusual in Campbell River or in other parts of the province . "
Ombudsman Kim Carter 's report released last month included 25 recommendations for improving the welfare system .
The housing and social development ministry accepted all but one , but warned it may be slow to implement them .
" The ministry is experiencing extraordinary demands for service at this time in the face of the current economic situation , " said a response from deputy minister Cairine MacDonald included in Carter 's report .
" While we will make every effort to expedite work to implement the recommendations of the report , immediate client needs will be our most pressing priority . "
– A.M.
There were things that were obviously unfair , he said , like requiring single parents whose children were younger than three years old to go through a three week job search before they could get welfare , even though once they gained assistance they would not be required to work .
" When I got the ministry last year , a lot of those questions were my first questions coming out of the box , so we 'd already started to change those things , " Coleman said .
" I thought , if you have children under three , and you 're going to get social assistance , why [ are ] we going to send you on a job search when you 've got to take care of your kids ? "
Coleman said his comments were not a criticism of Claude Richmond , from whom he'd inherited the ministry .
In fact , the ministry responsible for welfare has had three different names since 2001 , and five different ministers .
Besides Coleman and Richmond , Stan Hagen , Susan Brice and Murray Coell have held the post .
The major changes happened under Coell 's watch .
A former social worker himself , the B.C. Association of Social Workers unanimously passed a motion saying they had lost confidence in him .
Coell defends his record
In a March interview , Coell defended the changes he oversaw in 2001 and 2002 .
" In a system that revolves around people , you have to be willing to change as the times change , " he said .
" In our early part of our mandate of course the job was to get people back to work , which we did . "
He asserted the 100,000 drop in the welfare caseload was due to the government 's success getting people back to work , though Carter pointed out in her report , as others have before , that the government has no evidence to support the claim .
" We 're now in a different economy , which will have different challenges , " Coell said .
" At the time we had the best advice we could to make sure people got employment .
The economy helped with that .
I think the retraining programs really helped . "
Asked about the criticism he took personally , including the BCASW censuring , he said , " I think [ that will happen ] anytime you make change , and we made major change to the welfare system , and it needed to be done .
You had at one point six out of 10 single parents on welfare in British Columbia and one out of 10 people on welfare in British Columbia .
It was n't needed .
What was needed was retraining and the ability to create jobs , and we did that . "
There 's plenty of blame for members of the Liberal government to share , said the NDP 's income assistance critic , Jagrup Brar .
" It 's not any individual , it is the government , " he said .
" It is the B.C. Liberal government responsible for this mess . "
Providing welfare should be based on individual 's needs , he said .
" I do n't think you can tie this policy to the economic cycle .
The social safety net is there to support people in their tough time regardless of what the economy is doing . "
He added , " The changes they made were more ideological . "
Related
Tyee stories :
This week will bring us one of our most anticipated exclusives for the PSP .
Sony ’s experimental digital only release of Patapon 2 will be hitting store shelves this week , along with the budget - priced Leisure Suit Larry : Box Office Bust .
That is about it for the week .
Make sure to check back on PlayStation LifeStyle for all the latest news on your favorite console !
PS3 –
PSP –
PS2 –
I was chatting with a good friend of mine who happened to be one of my readers as well .
Being a good friend he did not sugar coat his thoughts and opinions , as they say “ friends stub you in front ” .
And , as it typically goes , when we were done fighting we only strengthen our positions and views .
So , no adjustment or reviews are coming to the 100 + posts I wrote so far .
Also as it goes in frank discussions between friends a few interesting topics came up , a few questions that needed mulling over .
One of them was quite intriguing for me : “ is blog format a misfit for what I am trying to accomplish in pragmatic outsourcing ? ”
For all intents and purposes PO is a collection of my thoughts , experiences , ideas , etc. directly or loosely related to IT outsourcing .
I write the blog as if I am writing a book on IT outsourcing one random chapter at a time .
When I look at the table of content it looks like I ’ve got a plenty of material for a decent size book already .
That approach has a few serious shortcomings though .
The main is chronological nature of blog is counterintuitive for technical writing and even more so for reading .
Those who elect to subscribe to my blog most likely find the info disorganized , sometimes repetitive , etc .
Those who stumble upon my blog looking for offshore advice find info often incomplete .
And so on .
Another blog format related challenge comes from expectations of constant updates .
That as I move along closing more and more topic becomes more and more complex .
Things , unless you consider current news approach are not terribly dynamic .
For example , I wrote about India vs. China from IT outsourcing standpoint ; that post is soon to be a year old .
Some economy trends changed , political and industry events changed some of the elements and tweaked the balance .
Of course things changed .
Yet how much , is that worth placing an update to that post , revise views and positions , nope , I am afraid the changes no matter how significant did not affect foundations and views presented in that post , chances are it will be a long while before rewriting or updating the post is warranted .
I am not running out of topics yet , there is a lot to cover , and I am not planning to switch the format or type of content .
I would appreciate your thoughts on that question though …
And one more thing worth mentioning : Kirill Abgarian , one of my readers and supporters , suggested that I should put my knowledge in a book about Pragmatic Outsourcing .
I got quite excited about that idea ; while time - wise and skill - wise I could not possibly do it , but considering an offshore ghost writer support and an ebook format that appeared to be very doable .
I shopped around what it would take , swaged some purchase dynamics and came to a sad conclusion that I would need to have at least couple thousands subscribers before I could cover the expense of writing and publishing the book .
That ’s considerably more than I have at the moment , so no ebook for now … but maybe some time in a future …
Published online 27 May 2009 | Nature 459 , 488-489 ( 2009 ) | doi:10.1038/459488a
Corrected online :
News
International partners are likely to scale back the first version of the ITER reactor .
A 180 - hectare stretch of land has already been cleared for ITER .
ITER
St Paul - lez - Durance , France
ITER — a multi-billion - euro international experiment boldly aiming to prove atomic fusion as a power source — will initially be far less ambitious than physicists had hoped , Nature has learned .
Faced with ballooning costs and growing delays , ITER 's seven partners are likely to build only a skeletal version of the device at first .
The project 's governing council said last June that the machine should turn on in 2018 ; the stripped - down version could allow that to happen ( see Nature 453 , 829 ; 2008 ) .
But the first experiments capable of validating fusion for power would not come until the end of 2025 , five years later than the date set when the ITER agreement was signed in 2006 .
The new scheme , known as ' Scenario 1 ' to ITER insiders , will be discussed on 17 – 18 June in Mito , Japan , at a council meeting that will include representatives from all seven members : the European Union ( EU ) , Japan , South Korea , Russia , the United States , China and India .
It is expected to be approved at a council meeting in November .
Indeed , the plan is perhaps the only way forward .
Construction costs are likely to double from the € 5 - billion ( US$ 7 - billion ) estimate provided by the project in 2006 , as a result of rises in the price of raw materials , gaps in the original design , and an unanticipated increase in staffing to manage procurement .
The cost of ITER 's operations phase , another € 5 billion over 20 years , may also rise .
“ Building ITER is like building the space station , but having to set up NASA and ESA in the process . ”
In fact , the ultimate cost of ITER may never be known .
Because 90 % of the project will be managed directly by individual member states , the central organization has no way of gauging how much is being spent , says Norbert Holtkamp , ITER 's principal deputy director - general .
" They wo n't even tell us , " he says .
" And that 's OK with me . "
Holtkamp says that the only way to get ITER built is to do the skeletal version first .
Before scaling up to do energy - producing experiments , he says , " you really need to know whether the major components work .
It 's absolutely clear that this is the right approach . "
As to why Scenario 1 is being touted only now , Holtkamp says it took him time after joining the project to review the original schedule .
Fusion researchers say that Scenario 1 is preferable to the alternative : a permanent smaller machine that would never produce significant amounts of power .
" You can't build a half ITER because then you 'll just go on and on not quite knowing what the answer is , " says Steven Cowley , director of the UK Atomic Energy Authority 's fusion laboratory at Culham .
The project 's rising price and lengthening schedule have angered some of ITER 's members , who plan to finalize the schedule and budget by the end of this year .
" People are pissed off , " says a source close to the negotiations who requested anonymity because of political sensitivity .
Click for larger image .
ITER
ITER is the most ambitious fusion experiment ever proposed .
At its heart is a doughnut - shaped device known as a tokamak ( see graphic ) , which uses magnetic fields to squeeze and heat hydrogen isotopes to hundreds of millions of kelvins , until they fuse .
The consequent fusion reactions release high - energy neutrons that can , in principle , be harnessed to generate electricity .
Normal hydrogen will not generate enough fusion events to produce large amounts of power , but when scientists inject deuterium and radioactive tritium into the machine , it should generate roughly 500 megawatts of thermal power — around 10 times the amount of power needed to run it .
Such an achievement would be long - sought proof that fusion power can work , although a commercial reactor would still be decades away .
The machine 's costs have doubled once before .
Budgeted at US $ 6 billion in 1989 , costs climbed to nearly twice that during the decade that followed .
Angered , the US Congress withdrew the country from the project in 1999 .
The remaining partners — Europe , Russia and Japan — pressed ahead to redesign the machine to keep it within $ 6 billion .
Design scaled back
The redesign fell to Robert Aymar , a prominent French physicist who had overseen the French tokamak Tore Supra , in Cadarache .
Aymar redesigned the entire device in just three years with a staff of 70 — half the size of the original design team .
In addition to shrinking ITER to its present - day size , the team made other money - saving assumptions .
The new design did not include the cost for auxiliary equipment and some spare parts , and it assumed that some buildings could be reused multiple times .
The design was accepted by ITER 's partners in 2001 as a way to keep within the $ 6 - billion price tag , and used as a baseline when the United States rejoined and India , South Korea and China joined the project .
Aymar maintains that his redesign was never meant as a final blueprint for the machine , but to act as a guideline for ITER 's members to decide who would contribute which portion .
It did not assign costs to the values of various components , but used ' ITER units of account ' to allow nations to negotiate which parts they would provide as their share .
" What we provided was not a cost , " he says .
" We provided a value . "
Some ITER partners say Aymar 's design contained an appropriate level of detail .
" It was a conceptual design , " says Octavi Quintana Trias , director for energy at the European nuclear research organization Euratom , and an EU representative on the ITER council .
" You will not develop and refine the design until you have a real commitment to go ahead . "
But some US officials see things differently .
" We thought that it was 80 % designed and that you only had 20 % to fill in , and it turned out to be more like 40 % , " says Raymond Orbach , former head of science at the US Department of Energy and until this year a US representative on the ITER council .
When the project was approved in 2006 , the newly formed ITER organization set to work reviewing and completing Aymar 's 2001 design , adding parts that included a set of superconducting magnets to control a type of instability not anticipated in the earlier design .
The adjustments have cost time and money .
Agencies in the seven member governments are also struggling to set up the complex network that will eventually supply ITER with parts .
Although the specifications for each piece can be set by the central lab , it is individual governments that will award contracts to industry and oversee production .
Who provides what is detailed through a series of procurement agreements , which have been slow in coming : 26 were originally scheduled to be ready by the end of 2008 , but as of late May this year , only 17 had been signed .
The delay is in part due to setting up domestic organizations that will award the contracts , says Niek Lopes Cardozo , vice - chairman of Fusion for Energy , the Barcelona - based body overseeing contracts to European industry .
" Building ITER is like building the space station , but having to set up NASA and ESA [ the European Space Agency ] in the process . "
During negotiations , each nation bargained for a stake in the most technically sophisticated parts of the machine , and , as a result , single components will be built with parts from several nations .
For example , the 150,000 kilometres of superconducting wire for the magnetic coils will be produced in China , Japan , Russia , Korea , the EU and the United States .
Awarding contracts , setting up production lines and ensuring quality control across the seven partners will also require significantly more manpower than anticipated in 2001 , when there were only three member states .
Holtkamp says that the central project office will need up to 750 staff to do the job — a 25 % increase over the original plan .
Nations could bring down the cost of the machine by swapping procurement agreements and consolidating production , but that 's not politically realistic , says Kaname Ikeda , ITER 's director - general .
" The first objective is [ for members ] to get the experience of designing , fabricating and operating this machine , " he says .
Ikeda adds that most seem willing to live with the cost increase , so long as they gain the knowledge needed to build a power - producing fusion reactor .
Member governments are preparing to shoulder the increase .
Last year , the United States upped the estimated cost of its contribution to $ 2.2 billion — double the preliminary price .
The EU , meanwhile , is grappling with increased spending to complete the buildings for the project .
We are " trying to get rid of everything that is not indispensable , " says Trias .
" Each country has its own internal problems , " adds Evgeny Velikhov , a Russian representative on the ITER council , although he adds that " Russia does not see any problem in fulfilling its obligation " .
ADVERTISEMENT
Those close to the project now see Scenario 1 as the only practical way forward .
Under the plan , the reactor would initially be built without several crucial and expensive components , including an inner shielding wall and test bed for new materials such as lithium blankets that generate tritium for the machine , along with the diverter , a series of tiles at the bottom of the tokamak that shunts heat safely out of the device .
Also gone will be expensive accelerators to pump neutral beams of fuel into the machine , and some radio - frequency devices designed to further heat the plasma .
Without these components , ITER can handle only plasmas of hydrogen , not deuterium or tritium .
The plan would allow scientists and engineers to ensure that ITER works long before it is injected with tritium — a process that will make large sections of the machine inaccessible .
" They want to see success at the end , and the way to success is this road , " says Holtkamp .
" There really is no other one . "
With additional reporting by David Cyranoski .
See also related Editorial .
In the last post in this series , I discussed why I chose happstack to power this website .
In this post , I ’ll describe its design .
If you ’d like to follow along , you can browse the source at my github page .
Types Let ’s begin by looking at the Homepage .
Types module , which contains types and functions pertaining to the global website state ; here “ global ” means “ state that is shared by all requests ” .
The datatype that holds the state for the site is called HomepageState : data HomepageState = HomepageState {
homepageDeliciousMVar :: MVar DeliciousState
, homepageTemplateMVar :: IORef TemplateDirs
} It holds the contents of my delicious feed ( which we ’ll discuss later ) , and the HStringTemplate templates for the site .
The delicious state is wrapped in an MVar ; an MVar is a Haskell concurrency primitive that provides synchronized access to its underlying type .
We use this to enforce mutual exclusion when accessing delicious , so that we do n’t contact it more than once at a time .
The homepage state will , of course , be used by most of the URL handlers for the website .
In order to provide easy access to this value so that we do n’t have to pass it around everywhere , we ’ll use a standard Haskell trick and wrap it in a reader monad : type HomepageMonad = ReaderT HomepageState IO Terminology like “ reader monad ” tends to frighten off newcomers but really all this is doing is allowing us to write : foo :: HomepageMonad
foo = do
homepageState <- ask
...
We inject a HomepageState value into the monad when we evaluate it , and from then on we can chain monadic actions together without having to explicitly pass the state around .
The “ ReaderT ” type is a “ monad transformer ” ; that ’s another $ 2 term that just means that it wraps an existing monad , producing a new monad that does everything the wrapped monad does , plus carrying some state around .
In this case the wrapped monad is “ IO . ” ( A parenthetical : v0.1 used StateT here , which is clearly wrong . )
The next type definition covers the type of our URL handlers , or “ server parts ” : type HomepageHandler = ServerPartT HomepageMonad Response
Happstack URL Handlers Happstack URL handlers have the weird type ServerPartT m a — this is just a wrapper around the monad transformer type : ReaderT Request ( WebT m ) a The ReaderT Request part here just means that you can get at the HTTP request with ask , and WebT is itself a monad transformer which takes a monad you give it and wraps its result to be of the form : ( Maybe ( Either Response a , FilterFun Response ) )
This is a little abstruse , and the happstack docs do n’t do a great job of explaining it , which makes it tough to understand at first for n00bs like me with Master ’s degrees in type theory .
Some things you can do with a WebT : short - circuit the computation with “ mzero ” , which is represented by a return value of Nothing .
This is what allows you to chain handlers together .
Happstack will try your handlers in order , and the first handler that returns a non - Nothing value will be used to satisfy the request .
The mzero value is WebT ’s way of saying “ I choose not to handle this . ”
short - circuit the computation with “ finishWith response ” , which is represented by a return value of Just ( Left response , ... ) .
This allows you to bomb out early with a response , ignoring any subsequent chained monadic actions .
add a filtering function to the handler with setFilter or composeFilter , which corresponds to a return type of Just (... , f ) , where f is ( roughly ) a function of type Response -> Response .
Ignore the baffling SetAppend ( Dual ( Endo a ) ) type ; that ’s just there to dictate how filter functions get bolted together by their Monoid instance .
return a value of arbitrary type “ a ” , just like any other monad — that corresponds to a return type of Just ( Right v , ... ) .
Happstack handlers belong to the Monoid typeclass .
In case you did n’t do a math degree , a Monoid is a set with an associative binary operator , usually called “ ⊕ ” , and a zero element .
In order for a set to be a monoid when it grows up , it needs to satisfy the “ monoid laws ” : 1 . a ⊕ ( b ⊕ c ) = ( a ⊕ b ) ⊕ c ( associativity ) 2 . 0 ⊕ a = a ( left identity ) 3 . a ⊕ 0 = a ( right identity )
In Haskell , perplexingly , “ ⊕ ” is called “ mappend ” and “ 0 ” is called “ mempty ” .
( This nomenclature comes from the monoid instance for lists . )
The ServerPartT and WebT types have monoid definitions that allow you to chain handlers together .
For instance , the expression : ( exactdir " / foo " fooHandler ) `mappend` ( exactdir " / bar " barHandler ) will cause fooHandler to be invoked if you request " / foo " , and barHandler will be invoked if you request " / bar " .
( Note that exactdir comes from happstack - helpers . )
Site behaviour
Let ’s take a look now at the Homepage .
Handlers module , which defines the “ toplevel ” handler for the website : topLevelHandler :: HomepageHandler
topLevelHandler =
frontpage `mappend`
aboutpage `mappend`
contactpage `mappend`
( liftH staticfiles ) `mappend`
temporary Posts `mappend`
fourohfour Each one of those handlers corresponds to a specific page or set of pages on the website .
For instance , the aboutpage handler looks like this : aboutpage :: HomepageHandler
aboutpage =
exactdir " / about " $ do
serveTemplate ' " . " " about " ( setAttribute " whichCss "
( " posts " :: String ) )
It reads like it ’s written : if the client requests the " / about " page , we serve the about.st template , using the posts.css stylesheet .
I wo n’t go into HStringTemplate here , it ’s a pretty typical templating engine ; there ’s some material on it in the happstack tutorial .
Something ( slightly ) non-trivial : integrating a delicious feed I use delicious a lot , to record bookmarks I ’m interested in across all of the computers I use .
Since of course I only read turbo- interesting stuff that other people would be interested in , something I wanted to put on my front page was a syndication of the last few entries from this feed .
Luckily Haskell already has a library to handle this ; all we need to do is provide some plumbing .
( It would be very easy to cook up something similar for twitter , assuming you can find any useful purpose for that dreck . )
First let ’s take a look at the DeliciousState type : data DeliciousState = DeliciousState ! [ D.Post ] !
UTCTime
To be nice to delicious , we ’ll only pull my recent bookmarks once every four hours .
DeliciousState is just the recent posts on the feed ( the D. Post type comes from the Haskell delicious library ) plus the timestamp of the last time we retrieved the feed .
The frontpage handler reads as follows : frontpage =
exactdir " / " $ do
bookmarks <- lift Delicious.getRecent
serveTemplate ' " . " " home " ( setAttribute " recentBookmarks " bookmarks .
setAttribute " whichCss " ( " home " :: String ) )
Again , it reads like it looks ; we get the recent bookmarks and slop them into the " home " template .
Let ’s take a look at Delicious .
getRecent : getRecent :: HomepageMonad [ DiffPost ]
getRecent = do
delMVar <- get >>= return .
homepageDeliciousMVar
now <- liftIO $ getCurrentTime
tz <- liftIO $ getCurrentTimeZone
liftIO $ getRecentPosts delMVar >>=
return . map ( agePost tz now )
What ’s this DiffPost type ?
type Age = String
data DiffPost = DiffPost !
D. Post !
Age I wanted to use relative time to present the bookmarks ( e.g. “ 2 hours ago ” ) .
A DiffPost is just a delicious post plus a string containing the human - readable timestamp .
The reason we can just splat the posts into the template directly is that we ’ve told HStringTemplate how to encode it : instance ToSElem DiffPost where
toSElem ( DiffPost ( D. Post href _ desc notes tags _ _ ) age ) =
SM $! Map.fromList [ ( " date " , toSElem age )
, ( " title " , toSElem desc )
, ( " summary " , toSElem notes )
, ( " href " , toSElem href )
, ( " tags " , toSElem tags ) ]
So getRecent just grabs the DeliciousState out of the HomepageState , passes it to getRecentPosts , and computes human - readable ages for the results .
The getRecentPosts function is only a little bit hairier : getRecentPosts :: MVar DeliciousState -> IO [ D.Post ]
getRecentPosts mvar = do
now <- getCurrentTime
empty <- isEmptyMVar mvar
if empty then do
posts <- getRecentPosts '
tryPutMVar mvar $!
DeliciousState posts now
return posts
else do
modify MVar mvar $!
\oldstate @ ( DeliciousState oldposts oldtime ) -> do
if tooOld now oldtime then do
posts <- getRecentPosts '
let newstate = DeliciousState ( posts `seq` posts ) now
return $!
( newstate `seq` newstate , posts `seq` posts )
else
return $! ( oldstate , oldposts )
where
tooOld :: UTCTime -> UTCTime ->
Bool
tooOld now old = diffUTCTime now old >
60 * 60 * 4
If the MVar is empty then have n’t yet pulled the feed and we should do so .
If the MVar contains data , we check whether the last update was less than four hours ago , and if it was we just return the old posts .
Otherwise , we fetch the feed and update the timestamp .
The ESRB has once again leaked details for upcoming as yet unannounced titles .
This time , the ESRB has let information trickle out for two games , both titled Star Wars Battlefront : Elite Squadron , one is for the Nintendo DS and the other for the PSP , Kotaku reports .
According to product descriptions for each title , the games are presented in third - person and showcases battles throughout the Star Wars universe ; in space , on land and in the air .
Full product descriptions can be found after the break .
Joystiq has contacted LucasArts for a comment regarding the listings .
Star Wars Battlefront : Elite Squadron
Platform : PSP | Rating : Teen
Content descriptors : Fantasy Violence Star Wars Battlefront : Elite SquadronPlatform : PSP | Rating : TeenContent descriptors : Fantasy Violence Rating summary : “ This is an action game in which players experience different battles from the Star Wars universe .
Presented in a third - person perspective , the game allows players to engage in space , land , and air battles or build troops and upgrade armies in a strategy - based mode .
Players can use laser guns ( i.e. , blasters ) , explosives , and lightsabers to destroy enemy robots ( i.e. , droids ) and humans who often cry out in pain when attacked .
During one dramatic cutscene sequence , an unarmed man is sliced by a lightsaber , while another character is shot in the back with a blaster . ”
Star Wars Battlefront : Elite Squadron
Platform : Nintendo DS | Rating : Everyone 10 +
Content descriptors : Fantasy Violence Rating summary : ” Star Wars Battlefront : Elite Squadron is an action adventure game in which players experience different battles from the Star Wars universe .
From a third - person perspective , players engage in space battles , ‘ speeder bike ’ chases , and top - down battling .
The ground battle includes constant laserfire combined with hand - to - hand combat using ‘ lightsabers . ’
A depleting health bar and various “ yelps ” indicate damage inflicted upon certain characters . ”
As bacteria resistant to commonly used antibiotics continue to increase in number , scientists keep searching for new sources of drugs .
One potential new bactericide has now been found in the tiny freshwater animal Hydra .
The protein identified by Joachim Grötzinger , Thomas Bosch and colleagues at the University of Kiel , hydramacin - 1 , is unusual ( and also clinically valuable ) as it shares virtually no similarity with any other known antibacterial proteins except for two antimicrobials found in another ancient animal , the leech .
Hydramacin proved to be extremely effective though ; in a series of laboratory experiments , this protein could kill a wide range of both Gram - positive and Gram - negative bacteria , including clinically - isolated drug - resistant strains like Klebsiella oxytoca ( a common cause of nosocomial infections ) .
Hydramacin works by sticking to the bacterial surface , promoting the clumping of nearby bacteria , then disrupting the bacterial membrane .
Grötzinger and his team also determined the 3 - D shape of hydramacin - 1 , which revealed that it most closely resembled a superfamily of proteins found in scorpion venom ; within this large group , they propose that hydramacin and the two leech proteins are members of a newly designated family called the macins .
Favorite Answer
A mix of magic , ESP , and neurological power .
Most of the time when a bear recognizes an apple it is because it waits for a different animal to look at the apple and then uses ESP to read the mind of the animal who is thinking whether it is an apple or not .
If this does not work because the animal has a strong will and mind , the bear will store the apple in its rectum and teleport into a bear laboratory where it will preform complicated studies and analysis 's that will decipher whether it is an apple or not .
Barack Obama has banished the knee - jerk anti-intellectualism of the Bush years , but he needs to make the change permanent
IF YOU liked George W. Bush , it was n’t because of his brain .
Bush was , rather notoriously , the president of quick decisions , few regrets and long vacations .
He was the person you wanted to have a beer with , and whom you thought you could trust because he was a lot like you .
In Stephen Colbert ’s famous formulation , he was the epitome of “ truthiness ” – of knowing things not from books , but from the gut .
All this meant that Bush was widely reviled by …
Our Customers
We work with a diverse range of clients from many sectors
We have created and developed brands for property , finance , FMCG , family groups , hospitality and others .
The brands can be for start - ups or the some of the biggest companies in the region , newly created or reactivating and evolving .
What binds them together is their ambition and dynamism for change and progress and the realization that branding is an essential part of their success .
When Google 's Chrome web browser debuted with much fanfare last year , it was Windows - only and not cross- platform compatible .
The developers soon began working on Linux and Mac OS X ports of the browser 's underlying open source Chromium code base .
These ports are beginning to mature and could soon be ready for regular users .
We took a look at the Mac OS X port of Chromium a few months ago , but the Linux port was still barely functional at the time .
A lot of progress has been made since then and the Linux version is now in the alpha stage .
We tested it on Ubuntu 9.04 to see how it compares with the latest release of Chrome for Windows .
There are still missing features and lots of rendering bugs , but it is clearly moving in the right direction .
Early challenges
When the Linux porting effort first began , the Chromium developers were not certain how to best translate their user interface vision to the Linux platform .
The diversity of the Linux desktop development ecosystem and the lack of universal consensus around a single toolkit or API can make the platform seem like an intimidating target for third - party application developers .
Committing to any single toolkit could potentially marginalize other segments of the community , so it 's not a decision that can be made easily .
In an early discussion thread about the strategy for porting the Chrome user interface to Windows , Google Chrome developer Ben Goodger expressed frustration with Linux user interface toolkits and commented that the platform 's lack of consistency makes it difficult to know what to target .
In an update that was posted a month after the initial discussion , Chrome developer Evan Martin described the Linux port as a " 511 MB executable that brings up an empty window . "
" First of all let me generally comment that this entire situation is a clusterf *ck .
I am not happy with the technical constraints imposed by Linux and its assorted UIs on Chrome 's UI and feature set , " he wrote .
" There is n't dominant consensus around toolkit and HIG , there seems to be variance in commonly used software as to how it 's constructed and what it matches , and I 've not heard anyone glow about how they can create the coolest looking UIs with GTK . "
For those who are unaware , Ben Goodger is a former employee of Mozilla and used to be the lead developer of the Firefox project .
In his work on the Chrome browser he is drawing from his extensive experiences with the Firefox codebase .
In his comment in the discussion thread , he suggests that Mozilla 's approach -- where a single user interface toolkit is made to reflect the native look and feel of each platform -- is always going to produce imperfect results .
After extensive discussion , the Chromium developers decided to build the Linux port with GTK + , the toolkit that is used by the popular GNOME desktop environment .
This will eventually make it look and feel somewhat native on GNOME - based Linux distributions , such as Ubuntu .
Progress was initially very slow .
In an update that was posted a month after the initial discussion , Chrome developer Evan Martin described the Linux port as a " 511 MB executable that brings up an empty window . "
The pace picked up , however , and the browser eventually began to take shape .
Since the beginning , the Linux port shipped with an ominous startup message which declared that " This browser is not ready yet ! "
This warning was accompanied by messages that encouraged users to refrain from blogging about the software and to resist the urge to file bug reports .
This message has been removed in trunk , replaced by a message which informs users that they are using an alpha build .
Chromium alpha on Linux
The latest alpha build of Chromium provides basic browsing functionality and a few of Chrome 's other features .
I was able to load pages , open new tabs and windows , use the browser 's full - page zoom , download files , view and manage history , and run the Incognito privacy mode .
The rest of the features were only partially implemented .
It is possible to reorder tabs in each window , but you can't snap out a tab yet or move tabs between windows .
Bookmarking basically works , but with several limitations .
Clicking on the bookmark star icon does n't pop out the bookmark editing bubble .
The bookmark manager is also not implemented yet .
Users can , however , toggle the visibility of the bookmark bar and edit its contents .
The developer tools are also not fully implemented yet .
Users can view the HTML source of a page , but the task manager and JavaScript console do not launch .
I was also unable to get the web application shortcut and browser settings import features to work .
Some parts of the user interface are still incomplete .
For example , the Options dialog exists , but it does not contain any preferences .
The options dialog on Windows and Linux
Page load performance is pretty good , as we have come to expect from Google 's browser .
Rendering quality , however , still needs some work .
Font rendering in particular is still not quite on par with Firefox yet .
There are also some minor glitches , such as noticeable flickering in the top left corner when the cursor moves over page elements that change on rollover .
A few occasional anomalies also surfaced , like improper CSS application in some cases .
Browser plugins are also still not implemented , so Flash wo n't work yet .
On the Acid 3 test , the browser gets 100/100 .
The user interface largely matches the look and feel of the browser on Windows , but the dialogs and menus are clearly built with GTK + and matched my system 's underlying GTK + theme .
It 's not clear if the GTK + look and feel will eventually be extended to the entire browser .
It seems likely that the developers will retain the basic tab style of Chrome as they have in their Mac OS X port , but will match native system colors .
Conclusion
The Linux Chromium alpha is shaping up nicely .
Despite the missing features and rendering glitches , it is relatively usable and maturing at a reasonable pace .
The developers still have a lot of work to do , but the portability challenges no longer seem insurmountable .
Users who want to test the latest version of Chromium on Ubuntu can take advantage of Fabien Tassin 's daily build package archive .
Mixed fates for Mars rovers after 5 - plus years SCIENCE
A worker at NASA 's Joint Propulsion Laboratory digs sand to try to replicate Spirit 's situation on Mars .
A worker at NASA 's Joint Propulsion Laboratory digs sand to try to replicate Spirit 's situation on Mars .
Photo : NASA / JPL Photo : NASA / JPL Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Mixed fates for Mars rovers after 5 - plus years 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
The latest news from NASA 's robot explorers on Mars today is both good and not so good .
Opportunity , one of the pair that landed there more than five years ago , has discovered ancient wind - blown sand dunes and signs of water amid the sedimentary rocks inside the rim of an ancient Martian crater , and it 's sending back pictures showing hundreds of tiny purple pebbles formed long ago from rising water levels on the sloping ground outside the crater .
But Spirit , Opportunity 's twin on the opposite side of the planet , is in trouble .
It 's stuck hub - deep and up to its belly in a patch of soft sand .
Its five working wheels were spinning fruitlessly in the sand until Mission Control engineers back home stopped them , and now the teams are puzzling how to get the stranded robot moving again .
It could take them several weeks to figure it out , or - if worse comes to worst - let it remain where it is while its instruments continue analyzing the soil around it and the weather above .
Good news or bad , it does seem incredible that these two veteran adventurers can still function at all .
When Spirit and Opportunity landed on Mars in January 2004 three weeks apart , their mission was to last only three months .
But both their lives have been charmed - until now , at least - as they 've reported new findings from their instruments every day , sometimes directly to Earth through their own transmitters and more often through either of two orbiting spacecraft that relay their signals home .
Spirit has been showing signs of age lately : bouts of amnesia and erratic behavior , and its right front wheel has long been immobilized so it can't turn at all and has had to rely on the rover 's five other independently powered wheels to push it forward or pull it backward .
The vehicle got stuck as it traveled around a small plateau named Home Plate .
It had tried to climb over the plateau , but failed because the obstacle was all of 20 inches high - just too steep for Spirit to handle , given its dead wheel .
Testing rescue strategies
The scientists and engineers at NASA are working day and night to solve Spirit 's problem .
A full - scale model at Mission Control of the sand patch on Mars can duplicate the ground where Spirit is stuck , and the engineers will use a full - scale replica of the robot itself to test various strategies for rescuing it .
" We 're heading into the season of increasing dust storms when dust devils can cover Spirit 's solar panels and limit their ability to generate electricity , " said John Callas , the rovers ' project manager at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena .
That electricity runs Spirit 's driving engine and powers all its instruments and radio systems .
" Fortunately , winds have cleared the panels four times in the past month , no storms are forecast , and the panels are completely clear , " Callas said .
" So there 's plenty of electricity for Spirit 's science instruments to tell us more about the nature of the ground around it even while it 's stuck .
" Spirit is in a very difficult situation , but the winds have bought us time so we can move very cautiously , and we 're pretty optimistic we can solve the problem . "
In the five - plus years they 've been on Mars , Spirit has traveled 7.7 kilometers ( 4.8 miles ) on its voyage of exploration and Opportunity has logged 15.9 kilometers ( 9.9 miles ) , Callas said .
Trek to Victoria crater
Most of Opportunity 's miles have piled up traveling to Victoria crater , exploring its rock - strewn rim and looking for a place where it could safely climb down to sample inside the rim .
" It 's been a fantastic bit of driving , " said Steven Squyres of Cornell , the mission 's chief scientist .
" Getting the rover right up to the very edge of the cliffs above the crater , and then stopping right at the tip , took real control by the drivers .
But we 've gotten fantastic images of the crater 's walls inside the rim . "
He said he was thrilled with the performances of the rovers , adding that it 's not surprising that Spirit is stuck .
" Mars is just full of treacherous , perilous rover traps .
It 's horrible , slippery , salty stuff , " Squyres said .
In a paper published Friday in Science , Squyres and 33 of his colleagues report that Opportunity has found thick layers of windblown sedimentary rocks that once were sand dunes millions of years ago .
The rock layers are rich in water - formed sulfate salts that the rover sampled inside the rim of Victoria crater , and they indicate there must have been a body of water there in the distant past , Squyres said .
Indication of past water
As it traveled across rising ground for about 3.7 miles toward the crater , Opportunity came upon tiny purple - gray pebbles known as concretions barely a quarter - inch in size .
The scientists have called the pebbles " blueberries . "
They are strewn across the red sands and are rich in the iron mineral hematite .
Blueberries just like them exist on Earth and are known to be formed in water .
As the ground rose higher , Squyres said , Opportunity encountered fewer and fewer blueberries - another indication that water once lay deepest beneath the Martian surface a billion or more years ago .
Because Opportunity found similar blueberries inside the crater where it landed in 2004 , and also inside another crater , scientists reason that the water must have played a major role in shaping the surface throughout planet 's Meridiani region where Opportunity has been exploring , Squyres said .
" That water must have been a kind of acid brine back then , " Squyres said .
Although ancient Mars was cold and wet , the brine could have remained liquid well above the normal freezing temperature of water , he said .
Posted on May 21 , 2009 in Articles
The Article : The Path to Human Development : Capitalism or Socialism ? by Michael A. Lebowitz in the Monthly Review .
The Text :
Preface
If we believe in people , if we believe that the goal of a human society must be that of “ ensuring overall human development , ” our choice is clear : socialism or barbarism .
These concluding lines from “ The Path to Human Development ” appear on the back cover of one Venezuelan edition — a pocket - sized edition much like the widely circulated “ Socialism Does Not Drop from the Sky ” ( chapter 5 of Build It Now ) .
The other edition , together with an extended edition of that latter essay ( including my “ New Wings for Socialism ” from the April 2006 Monthly Review ) , is being published as The Logic of Capital versus the Logic of Human Development for the communal council libraries in Venezuela .
Both editions depart from the traditional format for books ( and Monthly Review ) because of the numbering of sections and paragraphs .
There is a reason for this .
While the analysis of capitalism and the presentation of a socialist alternative are there for individual readers ( for whom the numbers are unnecessary ) , collective readers are the real target for this work .
In other words , “ The Path ” has been prepared to support educational and political discussions in Venezuela ( in , for example , trade unions , communal councils , and socialist formations ) .
Numbering sections and paragraphs facilitates this kind of discussion .
In short , this work is not at all intended as an end product to be consumed by an individual passive reader ; rather , its purpose is to be a means to encourage collective struggle against capitalism and for socialism .
As the line which precedes those quoted above indicates , “ we know we have to be prepared to fight . ”
Obviously , it is not only in Venezuela that we have to be prepared to fight for a society which permits the full development of human beings .
As an example of the important work it does , Monthly Review ’s policy of placing its articles online will make it possible for organizations to make whatever use of “ The Path ” they think may help the struggle .
I think that this is one of the many contributions that the people at Monthly Review regularly make through the Press and now MRzine .
In my talk about the booklet at the Venezuelan Book Fair last November , I quoted Bertolt Brecht , “ reach for the book : it is a weapon , ” and noted that “ The Path ” was written to be a weapon .
In the struggle against barbarism everywhere , we need many weapons .
What do we want ?
1 . What do we all want ?
We want to be all that we can be .
And we want this not only for ourselves .
We want our families and our loved ones to be able to develop all of their potential — that we all get what we need for our development .
To each according to her need for development .
What do we need for our development ?
2 . There are two points , though , that we need to stress .
First , if we are going to talk about the possibility of human development , we have to recognize that a precondition for that development is sufficient food , good health , education , and the opportunity to make decisions for ourselves .
How can we possibly develop all our potential if we are hungry , in bad health , poorly educated , or dominated by others ?
Secondly , since we are not identical , what we need for our own self - development obviously differs for everyone .
A society that stresses the opportunity to develop our potential
3 . The idea of a society that would allow for the full development of human potential has always been the goal of socialists .
In his early draft of the Communist Manifesto , Friedrich Engels asked , “ What is the aim of the Communists ? ”
He answered , “ To organize society in such a way that every member of it can develop and use all his capabilities and powers in complete freedom and without thereby infringing the basic conditions of this society . ”
Marx summed it all up in the final version of the Manifesto by saying that the goal is “ an association , in which the free development of each is the condition for the free development of all . ”
Our goal , in short , cannot be a society in which some people are able to develop their capabilities and others are not ; we are interdependent , we are all members of a human family .
The full development of all human potential is our goal .
Where does human development come from ?
4. Human development , though , does n’t drop from the sky .
It does n’t come as the result of a gift from above .
It occurs through the activity of people themselves — through what Marx called revolutionary practice — “ the coincidence of the changing of circumstances and of human activity or self - change . ”
We change ourselves through our activity — through our struggles and through everything we do .
The way we produce ( in the workplace , in the community , and in the home ) , the way we relate to others in our activity , the way we govern ourselves ( or are governed by others ) — all these make us the people that we are .
We are , in short , the product of all our activities .
The common sense of the Bolivarian Revolution
5. Every Venezuelan should recognize these ideas — they are at the center of the Bolivarian Constitution of Venezuela .
In its explicit recognition ( in Article 299 ) that the goal of a human society must be that of “ ensuring overall human development , ” in the declaration of Article 20 that “ everyone has the right to the free development of his or her own personality , ” and in the focus of Article 102 upon “ developing the creative potential of every human being and the full exercise of his or her personality in a democratic society ” — the theme of human development pervades the Constitution .
6 . Further , the Constitution also focuses upon the question of how people develop their capacities and capabilities — i.e. , how overall human development occurs .
Article 62 of the Constitution declares that participation by people in “ forming , carrying out and controlling the management of public affairs is the necessary way of achieving the involvement to ensure their complete development , both individual and collective . ”
The necessary way — practice , protagonism .
7 . And , the same emphasis upon a democratic , participatory , and protagonistic society is present in the economic sphere , which is why Article 70 stresses “ self - management , co-management , cooperatives in all forms ” and why the goal of Article 102 , “ developing the creative potential of every human being , ” emphasizes “ active , conscious and joint participation . ”
The 1999 Constitution as a snapshot of the balance of forces at the time
8 . But that Constitution was not exclusively devoted to the goal of human development .
It retained the support for capitalist institutions of earlier constitutions — with its guarantee for private ownership of the means of production ( Article 115 ) , its identification of a role for private initiative in generating growth and employment ( 299 ) , and its call upon the state to promote private initiative ( 112 ) .
9 . Further , that constitution included that special condition desired by finance capital ’s policy of neoliberalism — the independence of the Central Bank , which imperialism wants in the constitution of every country because it proclaims that it is not elected governments that should make critical decisions about an economy but bankers and those under their influence .
Very simply , the 1999 Bolivarian Constitution was a snapshot of the balance of forces at that time : it contained a capitalist element and an element oriented to the full development of human potential .
10 . But , were these elements compatible ?
Can you have that overall human development with capitalism ?
Can capitalism be a path to human development ?
The logic of capital
11 . Think about capitalism .
In capitalism , the logic of capital dominates ; and that logic goes counter to the needs of human beings for their own development .
In capitalism , the goals of production are the goals of capital for profits .
For capital , human beings and nature are just means to that goal .
Capitalists and workers
12 . Consider the nature of capitalist relations of production .
There are two central aspects — the side of capitalists and the side of workers .
On the one hand , there are capitalists — the owners of wealth , the owners of material means of production .
And their orientation is toward the growth of their wealth .
Capitalists purchase commodities with the goal of gaining more money , additional value , surplus value .
And that ’s the point , profits .
As capitalists , all that matters for them is the growth of their capital .
13 .
On the other hand , we have workers — people who do not own the material means of producing the things they need for themselves .
Without those means of production , they can’t produce commodities to sell in the market to exchange .
So , how do they get the things they need ?
By selling the only thing they do have available to sell , their ability to work .
They can sell it to whomever they choose , but they cannot choose whether or not to sell their power to perform labor if they are to survive .
Capitalism requires people who must sell their power to produce in order to get the money to buy the things they need .
The sale of labor - power
14 .
But the separation of the means of production from producers is not enough for labor - power to be sold .
If workers are separated from the means of production , there remain two possibilities : ( 1 ) workers sell their labor - power to the owners of means of production or ( 2 ) workers rent means of production from those owners .
As we will see below , only the first case creates the conditions for capitalist production .
15 . Who decides ?
Who decides which of the two possibilities it will be ?
The owners of the means of production , the capitalists decide .
Owning the means of production ensures that you have the power to decide .
The capitalists can decide how to use their property to achieve their goal .
If they choose to take possession of production themselves , then the only way that workers can survive is by selling their capacity .
16 . But , why does the capitalist decide to buy labor - power ?
The capitalist buys the right to dispose of the worker ’s capacity to perform labor precisely because it is a means to achieve his goal , profits .
Only the growth of his capital interests him as a capitalist .
Once the capitalist has purchased the worker ’s capacity , he is in the position to compel the worker to produce profits .
The market exchange between capital and workers
17 .
We now have the basis for an exchange between two parties in the market , the owner of money , and the owner of labor power .
The worker needs money , and the capitalist needs the worker ’s power .
Each of them wants what the other has ; it looks like each will get something out of that exchange .
It looks like a free transaction .
Many people look at the transactions that take place in the market and declare , “ we see freedom . ”
After all , no one forces you to engage in a particular exchange ; you could freely choose to starve instead .
18 . What makes this market transaction differentfrom the sale of any commodity ?
True , the worker has no alternative but to sell what she has , but that is often true of a peasant or craftsman too .
What is different is what happens next ; something very interesting happens to each of the two parties to that transaction .
Marx commented , “ He who was previously the money - owner now strides out in front as a capitalist ; the possessor of labor - power follows as his worker . ”
And where are they going ?
They are entering the workplace ; they are entering the place where the capitalist now has the opportunity to use that property right which he has purchased .
The logic of capital in the sphere of production — workers controlled by capital
19 .
Two central characteristics typically occur in the process of production that takes place under capitalist relations .
First , the worker works under the direction , supervision , and control of the capitalist .
The goals of the capitalist ( i.e. , the search for profits ) determine the nature and purpose of production .
Directions and orders in the production process come to workers from above .
There is no market here .
There is a vertical relation between the one who has power and the one who does not .
It is a command system , the despotism of the capitalist workplace .
20 .
And why does the capitalist have this power over workers here ?
Because he purchased the right to dispose of their ability to perform labor .
That was the property right he purchased .
It was the property right that the worker sold and had to sell because it was the only option available if she was to survive .
Workers without property rights
21 . The second characteristic of capitalist production is that workers have no property rights in the product that results from their activity .
They have no claim .
They have sold to the capitalist the only thing that might have given them a claim , the capacity to perform labor .
It ’s not like producers in a cooperative who benefit from their own efforts because they have property rights to the products they produce .
When workers work harder or more productively in the capitalist firm , they increase the value of the capitalist ’sproperty .
Unlike a cooperative ( which is not characterized by capitalist relations of production ) , in the capitalist firm all the fruits of the worker ’s productive activity belong to the capitalist .
This is why the sale of labor - power is so central as a distinguishing characteristic of capitalism .
Exploitation of wage - laborers
22 . What happens , then , in the sphere of capitalist production ?
It all follows logically from the nature of capitalist relations of production .
Since the capitalist ’s goal is surplus value , he only purchases labor - power to the extent that it will generate that surplus value .
After all , he ’s not in the business of charity .
23 .
In order to understand the generation of surplus value , think about what workers normally buy — in other words , what they need to maintain themselves at their existing standard of living , i.e. , the average real wage .
Based upon the general level of productivity in the society , we can calculate how many hours of daily labor are required to produce that real wage .
For example , at a given point , the daily wage might embody 6 hours of average labor — 6 hours of “ necessary labor ” ; it means that on average , it takes 6 hours of work to produce the equivalent of that wage .
24 .
Of course , the capitalist has no interest in a situation in which workers work only long enough to get their equivalent .
What the capitalist wants is that workers perform surplus labor — i.e. , that the labor performed by workers ( the capitalist workday ) exceeds the level of necessary labor .
The necessary condition for generation of surplus value is the performance of surplus labor — i.e. , more labor than the labor contained in what the capitalist pays as wages .
The capitalist , through the combination of his control of production and his ownership of the product of labor , will act to ensure that workers add more value in production than the capitalist has paid them .
The difference between the total labor they perform and the labor equivalent in their wage ( in other words , a difference which is their unpaid labor ) is exploitation .
Capital ’s laws of motion
25 .
So , you can be certain that the capitalist will do everything possible to increase the ratio between surplus labor and necessary labor , the rate of exploitation ( or , in its monetary form , the rate of surplus value ) .
26 .
If the workday is equal to the level of necessary labor ( e.g. , that six - hour workday in our example ) , there is no surplus labor .
So , what can the capitalist do in order to achieve his goal of surplus value ( profits ) ?
One option is to reduce what he pays the worker .
By driving down the real wage ( for example , reducing it by one - third ) , then the hours of labor necessary to produce that wage will fall .
Instead of six hours of necessary labor , only four hours would be required now .
The result is that two hours of the six - hour workday now would be surplus labor for the capitalist — the basis for production of surplus value .
27 .
Another option is for the capitalist to use his control over production to increase the work that the laborer performs .
Extend the workday , make the workday as long as possible .
A ten - hour workday ?
Fine , that would mean now four hours of necessary labor and six hours of surplus labor .
A twelve - hour workday ?
Better .
The worker will perform more work for the capitalist over and above the wage , and capital will grow .
Another way of extracting more work from the worker is by intensifying the workday — making workers work harder and faster in a given time period and making sure there is no wasted motion , no slack time .
Every moment workers rest is time they are not working for capital .
28 . That is the inherent logic of capital .
The inherent tendency of capital is to increase the exploitation of workers .
In the one case ; the real wage is falling ; in the other , the workday is increasing .
In both cases , surplus labor and the rate of exploitation are driven upward .
Marx commented that “ the capitalist [ is ] constantly tending to reduce wages to their physical minimum and extend the working day to its physical maximum . ”
He continued , however , saying “ while the working man constantly presses in the opposite direction . ”
Class struggle
29 .
In other words , within the framework of capitalist relations , while capital pushes to increase the workday both in length and intensity and to drive down wages , workers struggle to reduce the workday and to increase wages .
Just as there is struggle from the side of capital , so also is there class struggle from the side of the worker .
Why ?
Take the struggle over the workday , for example .
Why do the workers want more time for themselves ?
Time , Marx noted , is “ the room of human development .
A man who has no free time to dispose of , whose whole lifetime , apart from the mere physical interruptions by sleep , meals , and so forth , is absorbed by his labor for the capitalist , is less than a beast of burden . ”
30 .
What about the struggle for higher wages ?
Of course , workers have physical requirements to survive .
But they need much more than this .
The worker ’s social needs , Marx commented at the time , include “ the worker ’s participation in the higher , even cultural satisfactions , the agitation for his own interests , newspaper subscriptions , attending lectures , educating his children , developing his taste , etc . ”
All of this relates to what he called “ the worker ’s own need for development . ”
31 .
But the needs of workers for more time and energy for themselves and to be able to satisfy socially generated needs do n’t concern capital as the buyer of labor - power and ruler within production .
It ’s obvious why — lowering the workday and raising wages mean less surplus labor , less surplus value , and lower profits .
Necessary labor within the household
32 . Capital , we have argued , wants the lowest possible necessary labor .
But , there is one kind of necessary labor that capital would like to expand — unpaid necessary labor .
So far , we have only talked about the necessary labor in the things that workers buy .
Marx did not ignore the fact , though , that people need to convert those things they buy in order to consume them ; he talked about activities “ absolutely necessary to consume things ” — like cooking the food purchased .
Indeed , Marx pointed out that the greater the “ expenditure of labor in the house , ” the less money you need to purchase things outside the house .
33 .
But this labor performed in the household is invisible .
Why ?
Because capital does not have to pay for it .
We know , too , that the majority of this work is done by women ; and it is work that is generally not recognized or valued .
Yet , without this labor within the household ( which Article 88 of the Bolivarian Constitution recognizes as “ economic activity that creates added value and produces social welfare and wealth ” ) , workers would not be available for capital in the labor market .
34 .
While capital does not pay for this invisible labor , it benefits .
The more work that is done free in the household , the less the wage has to be .
The more free time that men have as a result of women ’s work in the household , the more capital can intensify the capitalist workday .
As the purchaser of labor power , capital is in a position to gain from the unpaid labor of women within the household .
And the more intense and lengthy that work in the household , the more capital can gain .
And , it works the other way , too : the more capital drives down wages and intensifies the workday for both male and female wage - laborers , the greater the burden placed on the household to maintain workers .
35 .
How could we deny that the logic of capital is contrary to the need for the development of women ?
The logic of capital versus the logic of human development
36 .
There are many examples of how the logic of capital and the logic of human development are opposed .
Think , for example , about nature and the environment .
Human beings need a healthy environment and need to live with nature as the condition for the maintenance of life .
For capital , though , nature — just like human beings — is a means for making profits .
Treating the earth and nature rationally ( from the perspective of human beings ) , Marx noted , is inconsistent with “ the entire spirit of capitalist production , which is oriented towards the most immediate monetary profit . ”
Capitalism thus develops while “ simultaneously undermining the original sources of all wealth — the soil and the worker . ”
37 .
The logic of capital , in fact , is the enemy of the logic of human development .
Standing opposite capital ’s goal is “ the worker ’s own need for development . ”
But , if capital and workers are pressing in the opposite direction in capitalism , what determines the outcome ?
Unity and separation among workers — unity is the strategy of workers
38 .
The answer is struggle : what happens to wages and hours of work depends upon the relative strength of the two sides .
For workers in capitalism to make gains in terms of their workdays , their wages , and their ability to satisfy their needs , they need to unite against capital ; they need to overcome the divisions and competition among workers .
When workers are divided , they are weak .
When workers compete against each other , they are not struggling against capital ; and , the result is the tendency for wages to be driven down to their minimum and the workday to be extended to its maximum .
That was and is the point of trade unions — to end divisions and strengthen workers in their struggle within capitalism .
The strategy of capital — divide workers
39 .
How does capital respond ?
By doing everything it can to increase the degree of separation among workers .
Capitalists may bring in people to compete for work by working for less — e.g. , immigrants or impoverished people from the countryside .
They may use the state to outlaw or destroy unions or shut down operations and move to parts of the world where people are poor and unions are banned .
From the perspective of capital , all this is logical .
It ’s logical for capital to do everything possible to turn workers against each other , including promoting racism and sexism .
Marx described the hostility in the nineteenth century between English and Irish workers in England as the source of their weakness :
“ It is the secret by which the capitalist class maintains its power .
And that class is fully aware of it . ”
40 .
So , while it is logical for workers to want a little security in their lives , to be able to plan their future and raise families without being in a state of constant uncertainty , the logic of capital points in the opposite direction .
In fact , the more precarious the existence of a worker , the greater is her dependence upon capital .
Capital prefers the worker who is always worried that capital will abandon her , leaving her without a job and with an uncertain future .
Capital , wherever possible , prefers the occasional , part - time , precarious worker , the one with no benefits , the one who will accept lower wages and more intense work .
41 . The struggle between capitalists and workers , thus , revolves around a struggle over the degree of separation among workers .
Productivity increases
42 . Precisely because workers do resist wages being driven to an absolute minimum and the workday to an absolute maximum , capitalists look for other ways for capital to grow ; they introduce machinery , which can increase productivity .
If productivity rises , then less hours of labor would be necessary for workers to reproduce themselves at that same real wage .
By increasing productivity relative to the real wage , they lower necessary labor and increase the rate of exploitation .
43 .
In the struggle between capital and labor , accordingly , capitalists are driven to revolutionize the production process .
That could be good news for everyone : with the incorporation of science and the products of the social brain into production , it means that significant productivity increases are possible .
So , there is the obvious potential to eliminate poverty in the world and to make possible a substantially reduced workday ( one that can provide time for human development ) .
Yet , remember , those are not the goals of the capitalist .
That is not why capital introduces these changes in the mode of production .
Rather than a reduced workday , what capital wants is reduced necessary labor ; it wants to maximize surplus labor and the rate of exploitation .
44 . But , what prevents workers from being the beneficiaries of increased productivity — through rising real wages as the costs of production of commodities fall ?
How does capital ensure that it and not workers will benefit ?
The reserve army of labor
45 .
If productivity increases dropped from the sky , the falling cost of producing commodities could permit workers to buy more with their existing money wages ; in this case , workers could be the principal beneficiaries of productivity gains .
But , they do n’t drop from the sky ; to the extent that productivity increases are the result of changes initiated by capital , the effect is to increase the degree of separation among workers and thus to weaken workers .
For example , every worker displaced by the introduction of machinery adds to the reserve army of labor ; the unemployed worker competes with the employed worker .
Not only does the existence of this reserve army of unemployed workers permit capital to exert discipline within the workplace but it also keeps wages within limits consistent with profitable capitalist production .
Displaced workers , for example , may find jobs — but at much lower wages .
46 .
The same thing is true when capital moves to other countries or regions to escape workers who are organized — it expands the reserve army and ensures that even those workers who do organize and struggle do not succeed in keeping real wages rising as rapidly as productivity .
The rate of exploitation , Marx believed , would continue to rise .
Even with rising real wages , the “ abyss between the life - situation of the worker and that of the capitalist would keep widening . ”
Exploitation is not the main problem
47 .
It is a big mistake , though , to think that the main problem with capitalism is inequitable income distribution — i.e. , that the basic reason that capitalism is bad is that workers receive less income than they produce .
If this were the only problem , the obvious answer would be to focus upon changing the distribution of income in favor of workers , e.g. , strengthen trade unions , regulate capital through state legislation , follow a full employment policy ( that reduces the effect of the reserve army ) — all such measures of reform would shift the balance of power toward workers .
48 . But only for the moment .
Because it is essential to understand that capital never sleeps .
It never stops trying to undermine any gains that workers have made either through their direct economic actions or through political activity .
It never stops trying to divide workers , to turn them against each other , to intensify work , to drive wages down .
Even when workers have had the strength to make gains ( as in the period after the Second World War ) , capital looks upon those gains as temporary barriers to go beyond .
It uses its essential power to decide how to invest and where to invest in order to regain the offensive ( as it did in the so - called Golden Age ) .
That inherent power of capital put an end to the “ welfare state ” and the “ import - substitution ” models that were introduced in many countries as a basis for economic development .
49 .
The problem is not that gains in reducing inequality and exploitation are only temporary .
Whether workers ’ wages are high or low is not the issue — any more than whether the rations of slaves are high or low .
Rather , we need to look at the process of capitalist production itself — to see the nature of the workers that capitalism produces .
How capitalist production deforms workers
50 .
Think about the situation of workers in capitalism .
As we have seen , the goals and authority of capital rule the process of production .
Further , workers produce products which are the property of capital .
But , workers do n’t recognize those products as the result of the activity of working people .
On the contrary , machinery , technology , all “ the general productive forces of the social brain ” , appear to workers as capital and as the contribution of the capitalist .
Those products , further , are turned against workers and dominate them — they become the power of capital .
What has happened ?
Simply , Marx explained , because the worker has sold his creative power to the capitalist , that power now “ establishes itself as the power of capital , as an alien power confronting him . ”
51 .
The world of wealth , that world created by human activity , faces the worker “ as an alien world dominating him . ”
For workers in capitalism , producing is a process of a “ complete emptying - out , ” “ total alienation , ” the “ sacrifice of the human end - in - itself to an entirely external end . ”
And what is the result of this “ emptying - out , ” this impoverishment in the process of producing ?
We try to fill the vacuum of our lives with things — we are driven to consume ( consumerism ) .
How else can we do this but with money , the real alienated need that capitalism creates ?
Other ways that capitalist production deforms people
52 .
But that drive to “ consume , consume ! ” is only one way that capitalism deforms people .
In Capital , Marx described the mutilation , the impoverishment , and the “ crippling of body and mind ” of the worker “ bound hand and foot for life to a single specialized operation ” which occurs in the division of labor characteristic of the capitalist process of manufacturing .
Did the development of machinery rescue workers under capitalism ?
No , Marx stressed , it completes the “ separation of the intellectual faculties of the production process from manual labor . ”
“ In this situation , head and hand become separate and hostile , ” “ every atom of freedom , both in bodily and in intellectual activity ” is lost .
53 .
But , why does this happen ?
Remember that the technology and techniques of production that capital introduces are oriented to only one thing — profits .
Since workers have their own goals and struggle for them , the logic of capital points to the selection of techniques that will divide workers from one another and permit easier surveillance and monitoring of their performance .
The specific productive forces introduced by capital are not neutral — they do not empower workers and allow them to develop all their capabilities ( mental and manual ) .
On the contrary , “ all means for the development of production , ” as Marx stressed about capitalism , “ distort the worker into a fragment of a man , they degrade him ” and “ alienate from him the intellectual potentialities of the labor process . ”
Why producing under capitalism is n’t fun
54 .
In other words , it ’s not an accident that most of us find the workplace a place of misery — the process of capitalist production cripples us as human beings .
But , why ca n’t workers simply struggle against this ?
Why ca n’t they turn the capitalist production process into a place consistent with human development ?
55 .
Again , remember the logic of capital : if human development made profits for capital , it would have introduced changes that supported it .
But capital is n’t interested in whether the technology chosen permits producers to grow or to find any pleasure and satisfaction in their work .
Nor does it care what happens to people who are displaced when new technology and new machines are introduced .
If your skills are destroyed , if your job disappears , so be it .
Capital gains , you lose .
Marx ’s comment was that “ within the capitalist system all methods for raising the social productivity of labor are put into effect at the cost of the individual worker . ”
The logic of capital is the enemy of all - round human development .
56 .
So , if workers do succeed in making gains here ( and elsewhere ) through their struggles , capital finds ways to respond .
And , it has the weapons it needs .
Through its ownership of the means of production , its control of production , and its power to decide the nature and direction of investment , capital ultimately can do what it needs to do in order to increase the degree of exploitation of workers and expand the production of surplus value .
While it may face opposition from workers , capital drives beyond barriers to its growth in the sphere of production .
Capital rules in the sphere of production .
The logic of capitalist circulation
57 .
So , commodities containing more and more surplus value can be produced .
Yet , there is an inherent contradiction in capitalism : capitalists do not want these commodities containing surplus value .
Their goal is n’t to consume those commodities .
What they want is to sell those commodities and to make real the surplus value latent within them .
They want the money .
Capitalists ’ need for an expanding market
58 .
The problem , though , is that the market is not a bottomless pit .
In the sphere of circulation , capitalists face a barrier to their growth — the extent of the market .
In the same way , then , that the logic of capital drives capitalists to increase surplus value within the sphere of production , it also compels them to increase the size of the market in order to realize that surplus value .
If you ca n’t make the surplus value real by selling the commodities containing surplus value , why produce those commodities ?
Once you understand the nature of capitalism , you can see why capital is necessarily driven to expand the sphere of circulation .
Globalization of needs
59 .
Whatever the size of the market , capitalists are always attempting to expand it .
Faced with limits in the existing sphere of circulation , capital drives to widen that sphere .
How ?
One way is spatially — by spreading existing needs in a wider circle .
“ The tendency to create the world market is directly given in the concept of capital itself .
Every limit appears as a barrier to be overcome , ” Marx commented .
Thus , capital strives “ to tear down every spatial barrier ” to exchange and to “ conquer the whole earth for its market . ”
60 .
In this process , the mass media play a central role .
The specific characteristics of national cultures and histories mean nothing to capital — through the mass media , capital ’s logic tends to conquer the world through the homogenization of standards and needs everywhere .
Everywhere the same commercials , the same commodities , the same culture — unique cultures and histories are a barrier to capital in the sphere of circulation .
Creating new needs to consume
61 .
There ’s another way that capital expands the market — by “ the production of new needs . ”
The capitalist , Marx pointed out , does everything he can to convince people to consume more , “ to give his wares new charms , to inspire them with new needs by constant chatter , etc . ”
This is not new —
Marx wrote this in the middle of the nineteenth century when capitalist production was still relatively underdeveloped .
In the twentieth century , though , the development of the specifically capitalist mode of production made the sales effort essential ; but , it was n’t only the greater productivity that created the problem — capital ’s success in driving up the rate of exploitation makes the realization of surplus value a central problem for capital .
62 . Thus , the ability of capital to move to low - wage countries to manufacture commodities that are exported back to the more developed world significantly increases the gap between productivity and real wages — i.e. , increases the rate of exploitation in the world .
And , it means that the sales effort to move commodities through the sphere of circulation must intensify .
There ’s no greater proof of capital ’s victories in the sphere of production than what it is prepared to spend to create new needs in order to sell .
63 . Look at the salaries offered to professional athletes .
Why are those salaries ( and product endorsement fees ) so astronomical ?
It ’s all about advertising — i.e. , all about realizing surplus value .
( The more people who watch sports on TV , the higher the rates that the mass media capitalists can charge the capitalists who are compelled to advertise . )
In this respect , there is more than just an obscene contrast between the low wages of women producing , e.g. , Nike shoes and the high endorsement fees that Nike pays athletes ; there is , indeed , an organic link as the result of the high degree of exploitation .
Exploitation in the sphere of circulation
64 . But , exploitation does n’t only take place in the sphere of production .
To turn commodities containing surplus value into money , capitalists must not only stimulate needs ; they also require people to work selling those commodities .
And , of course , they want to spend as little as possible in their circulation costs ; thus , the logic of capital dictates that it should exploit such workers involved in selling these commodities as much as possible .
The greater the exploitation of such workers ( in other words , the greater the gap between the hours they work and the hours of labor contained in their wage ) , the lower capital ’s costs of selling and the higher the profits after sale .
65 .
The best way to exploit workers in the sphere of circulation is by using casual , part - time , and precarious workers .
Those are workers who are easily separated and divided ; they find it difficult to combine against capital , and they thus compete against each other .
This competition can become quite intense when there is very high unemployment ; not only can capital then drive wages in this sector down — it can also transfer the risk of selling to workers .
Informal workers
66 .
In other words , a large reserve army of the unemployed makes it possible for capital to use “ the informal sector ” to complete the circuit of capital .
These workers are part of the circuit of capitalist production and circulation ( since , for the most part , commodities sold by “ buhoneros ” are produced within capitalist relations ) ; however , they have none of the benefits and relative security of workers formally employed by capital .
They look like independent operators ( and even think of themselves this way — a great victory for capital ! ) but they depend upon the capitalist , and the capitalist depends upon them to sell those commodities containing surplus value .
Like unorganized workers everywhere , they compete against each other ( and also against workers in the “ formal ” sphere of circulation ) .
Who gains from this ?
As usual , capital benefits as the result of the competition among workers .
Why capitalism faces crises
67 . Capital , we see , is constantly trying to expand the market in order to realize surplus value .
But it does n’t always succeed .
Capital tends to expand the production of surplus value beyond its ability to realize that surplus value .
Why ?
Because of its successes in the sphere of production — in particular , its success in driving up the rate of exploitation .
What capital does in the sphere of production comes back to haunt it in the sphere of circulation : by striving “ to reduce the relation of this necessary labor to surplus labor to the minimum ” ( i.e. , to increase the rate of exploitation ) , capital simultaneously creates “ barriers to the sphere of exchange , i.e. , the possibility of realization — the realization of the value posited in the production process . ”
Overproduction , Marx commented , arises precisely because the consumption of workers “ does not grow correspondingly with the productivity of labor . ”
68 . Thus , overproduction is “ the fundamental contradiction of developed capital . ”
Capitalist production takes place , Marx pointed out , “ without any consideration for the actual limits of the market or the needs backed by the ability to pay ” ; as a result , there is a “ constant tension between the restricted dimensions of consumption on the capitalist basis , and a production that is constantly striving to overcome these immanent barriers . ”
Crisis and the sphere of production
69 .
The first sign of an imbalance between the ability to produce surplus value and the ability to realize it is intensified competition among capitalists .
It demonstrates that too much capital is being accumulated ( i.e. , invested ) relative to the limits of the market .
Ultimately , though , the effect of this imbalance is crisis — “ momentary , violent solutions for the existing contradictions , violent eruptions that re-establish the disturbed balance for the time being . ”
Commodities do n’t sell and , naturally , if commodities cannot be sold , they will not be produced under capitalism because the profits are n’t there .
And so , production is reduced and lay - offs are announced — even though the potential to produce is there and people have needs .
Capitalism is not , after all , in the business of charity .
The nature of capitalism comes to the surface
70 .
And , that is exactly what capitalist crisis makes it possible to see about the nature of capitalism : profits — rather than the needs of people as socially developed human beings — determine the nature and extent of production within capitalism .
What other economic system could generates the simultaneous existence of unused resources , unemployed people , and people with unmet needs for what could be produced ?
What other economic system would allow people to starve in one part of the world while elsewhere there is an abundance of food and where the complaint is “ too much food is being produced ” ?
71 .
But no crisis necessarily leads people to question the system itself .
People struggle against specific aspects of capitalism — over the workday , the level of wages and working conditions , the unemployment brought about by a crisis of overaccumulation , capital ’s destruction of the environment , and the destruction of national cultures and sovereignty , etc . — but unless they understand the nature of the system , they struggle merely for a nicer capitalism , a capitalism with a human face .
72 . Nevertheless , capital does n’t want a nicer capitalism .
It wants profits .
And , even though workers may not be trying to end capitalism but are just struggling for fairness within capitalism , their struggles may challenge the drive for profits .
In this case , capital may find it necessary to reveal another side of the logic of capital .
Capital ’s state — the market and state in capitalism
73 . Capital ’s motto is : “ As much market as possible , as much state as necessary . ”
In its early days , Marx stressed , capital had great need for the state : “ the rising bourgeoisie needs the power of the state . ”
Why ?
Because all of the elements capital required for the system to reproduce itself spontaneously were not yet in place .
For creating the institutions that would allow capitalism to flourish , capital needed to subordinate all elements of society to itself through the coercive power of the state ( e.g. , “ grotesquely terroristic laws ” ) ; it used this power , for example , to compel workers “ into accepting the discipline necessary for the system of wage - labor . ”
The ‘ common sense ’ that capital creates
74 .
With the development of the specifically capitalist mode of production , however , Marx suggested that the need for state intervention on behalf of capital would be lower .
The way in which the particular productive forces introduced by capital degrade the worker and “ alienate from him the intellectual potentialities of the labor process , ” the way that “ the advantages of machinery , the use of science , invention , etc. ” are necessarily viewed as attributes of capital , and the way in which workers are displaced and divided through the introduction of new technology — all this contributes significantly to make workers feel dependent and powerless in the face of capital .
75 . Fully developed , Marx proposed , capitalist production itself sets “ the seal on the domination of the capitalist over the worker . ”
Because capital constantly replenishes the reserve army of labor in the normal course of capitalist production , the market is sufficient to compel workers to accept the rule of capital .
Thus , Marx stated that capital itself “ breaks down all resistance , ” producing “ a working class which by education , tradition and habit looks upon the requirements of that mode of production as self - evident natural laws . ”
The state as capital ’s ultimate weapon
76 . Yet , workers do resist , do struggle for their needs .
And , the market is not always sufficient by itself to ensure that capital gets the profits which are its goal and source of life .
So , capital turns to the state — “ as much state as necessary . ”
It is prepared to destroy trade unions , do away with all pretences of democratic forms , to turn to fascism to get what it wants — the coercive power of the state and “ grotesquely terroristic laws ” are not a characteristic only of emerging capitalism .
Both at its beginning and when fully developed , capital creates the state it needs .
Underlying basis for imperialism
77 .
And , this is not only true internally .
Capital ’s drive for profits is the underlying basis for imperialism .
In addition to its search for new , cheaper sources of raw materials and new markets in which to sell commodities , capital wants workers who can be exploited .
It seeks those who are weak , those who are willing to work for low wages and under poor working conditions , and those who are separated from other workers ; thus , capital will move production to secure such advantages .
When you understand the logic of capital , you understand that global capitalism is inherent in capital itself — that it drives “ to tear down every spatial barrier ” to its goal of profits .
78 .
Here again , to achieve its goal , capital follows the motto of “ as much market as possible , as much state as necessary . ”
As long capital can get what it needs through the market — e.g. , as the result of the competition of primary producing countries to sell inputs or the availability of a large pool of workers to exploit in production — it need not draw too heavily upon the coercive power of the imperialist state .
Capital and its state help its market
79 .
But capital has many weapons before it turns to direct coercion .
Where do the dominant ideas about the magic of the market come from ?
In economics departments , it is not the economists who are critical of the market who get research and financial support from capital and its state .
In the battle of ideas , capital draws upon the ideology that interference with the market necessarily leads to disaster and that all attempts to use the state to do good make things worse .
Since economists who do n’t agree are labeled “ bad economists , ” they tend to be unemployed or marginalized ; thus , the voices everyone hears from economists ( and through the media ) are the ones that shout “ TINA ! ” — there is no alternative to the market , there is no alternative for poorer countries ( indeed , all countries ) but to follow the commands of the market .
80 .
No one could ever accuse capital , though , of relying solely upon the power of ideas .
Capital also uses its state to create institutions which ensure that the market will command .
International institutions such as the International Monetary Fund , the World Bank , the World Trade Organization , and so - called free trade agreements all have been created to enforce the logic of capital .
How ?
By punishing those who dare to think otherwise , countries that try to develop a policy independent of the dominant capitalist powers .
81 . Add to that , imperialism ’s “ Fifth Column ” — the independence and autonomy of Central Banks — and you have the package of institutions that capital uses to foster policies of neoliberalism : policies which remove all restrictions on the movement of capital , remove all laws that protect workers , consumers , and citizens against capital , and reduce the power of the state to check capital ( while increasing the power of the state to act on behalf of capital ) .
Imperialism and the colonial state
82 . Despite all this , you ca n’t stop people from struggling ultimately for their own self - development .
In such cases , capital uses the imperialist state to intervene militarily and to support , both by subversion and by financial and military resources , colonial and client states that act to produce conditions for the reproduction of the capitalist world order .
And this occurs especially once capital has decided to generate surplus value directly in the periphery — now it must have the assurance that its investments will be protected .
83 .
With the support of local oligarchies and elites , these colonial states are assigned the function of creating the framework in which the market serves capital best .
By separating agricultural producers from the land and providing special economic zones for capital to function freely , these instruments of global capital make available the reserve army of labor that capital wants .
Further , they are there to police — to use their coercive power and “ grotesquely terroristic laws ” to attack challenges to the logic of capital .
Whenever these colonial states are unable to carry out this function , though , capital demands as much direct imperialist intervention as necessary .
84 . Imperialism , in short , will stop at nothing .
Its history of barbarism demonstrates this over and over again .
As Che Guevara pointed out , it is a bestiality that knows no limits — one that tries to crush under its boots anyone who fights for freedom .
The essence of imperialism
85 . Imperialism is inherent in capital ’s goal of surplus value , in its drive “ to tear down every spatial barrier ” to that goal .
Not surprisingly , at various times the competition between capitalists of different countries to expand may lead them to call upon their particular states to give them particular advantages in the exploitation of colonies — thus leading to a competition among imperialist states .
However , the fundamental contradiction has always been between capital and the working classes , between the imperialist state and the colonial producers — and , in this , all imperialist states have a common interest .
Capitalism and human development — capitalism ’s vicious circle
86 . Think about the kind of people that capitalism produces .
We have seen that capitalism cripples people in the process of production .
Rather than creating the conditions in which people can develop all their potential , capital treats people as means to its goal , profits .
Their productive activity is commanded by this external power ; they relate to their work , to the products of their work , to the means for their work , to each other , as alien .
Capitalist production , we see , is a process that produces impoverished human beings .
And those people , producers who have gained little satisfaction from their work , are driven to find satisfaction in the articles of consumption which they are able to command with the wages they have received .
87 .
What we can observe clearly here is the vicious circle of capitalism .
Here we begin with people ( a ) who are separated from the means of production and with needs which they must fulfill .
Those people ( b ) must go into the labor market to sell their labor power — competing with other people in the same situation .
They ( c ) enter into capitalist production , that process which yields as its result impoverished workers with both the need and the means to consume , within circumscribed limits .
Having ( d ) consumed these alien products , however , they are once again without the means to maintain themselves and must present themselves again to capital ; they must once again produce for capital ’s goals .
This is a vicious circle , and its phases are interdependent — you cannot change one without changing them all .
The vicious circle grows
88 . And yet , there is more to this vicious circle of capitalism , because the circle is growing .
It grows because of the drive of capital to expand .
Precisely because capital generates new surplus value within the production process as the result of exploitation and expands its capacity to produce in order to grow , it must also expand the sphere of circulation of commodities by constantly generating new needs to consume .
Because capital must grow , it devotes enormous human and material resources to conjure up new artificial needs .
It seduces people into a life of consumerism ( which can never be fully satisfied ) , and it must do this — it must sell more and more commodities .
It must create new needs , new needs which increase our dependence upon capital .
This is why Marx commented that the “ contemporary power of capital rests ” upon the creation of new needs for workers .
Limits ?
89 .
Thus , capitalism is a growing circle — a spiral of growing alienated production , growing needs and growing consumption .
But how long can that continue ?
Everyone knows that the high levels of consumption achieved in certain parts of the world cannot be copied in the parts of the world that capital has newly incorporated in the world capitalist economy .
Very simply , the earth cannot sustain this — as we can already see with the clear evidence of global warming and the growing shortages which reflect rising demands for particular products in the new capitalist centers .
Sooner or later , that circle will reach its limits .
Its ultimate limit is given by the limits of nature , the limits of the earth to sustain more and more consumption of commodities , more and more consumption of the earth ’s resources .
90 .
But even before we reach the ultimate limits of the vicious circle of capitalism , there inevitably will arise the question of who is entitled to command those increasingly limited resources .
To whom will go the oil , the metals , the water — all those requirements of modern life ?
Will it be the currently rich countries of capitalism , those that have been able to develop because others have not ?
In other words , will they be able to maintain the vast advantages they have in terms of consumption of things and resources — and to use their power to grab the resources located in other countries ?
Will newly emerging capitalist countries ( and , indeed , those not emerging at all ) be able to capture a “ fair share ” ?
Will the impoverished producers of the world — producers well aware of the standards of consumption elsewhere as the result of the mass media — accept that they are not entitled to the fruits of civilization ?
Does anyone really think this question is going to be left to the market ?
Indeed , this is precisely the case where capital will use “ as much state as necessary . ”
The specter of barbarism
91 .
The specter of barbarism is haunting the world .
How could anyone ever think that capitalism is a path to human development ?
Yes , of course , some people have always been able to develop much of their potential within capitalism — but all people cannot .
Why ?
Because the very nature of capitalism depends upon the ability of some people to monopolize the fruits of human activity and civilization and to exploit and exclude others .
Capitalism has never been a society in which the free development of each is the condition for the free development of all ; however , the implications of its inherent injustice and inequality are obvious now that the limits to its particular pattern of expansion have become apparent .
Socialism and human development
92 .
There is an alternative — an alternative which flows from the logic of human development .
Consciously or unconsciously , people have fought long for that alternative ; they have opposed the logic of capital with the logic of human development .
In every struggle for human dignity and social justice — in every struggle for better wages and working conditions , against racism and patriarchy , for protecting our living environment , and for our rights to adequate health , education , and housing ( among our other needs ) , the concept of human development is implicit .
These are struggles to remove the barriers to our full and complete development .
93 .
Implicit , too , in our collective struggles is the concept that we are all connected — that we need each other , that indeed the free development of each is the condition for the free development of all .
The alternative is a society based upon love and solidarity , upon our unity as a human family , “ the unity of man with man , which is based on the real differences between men ” ( Marx ) .
94 .
That society , of course , ca n’t be one in which the state decides , where there is the continuation of the division between thinking and doing , where we are dominated ( in the workplace , the community , or the household ) , and where there is inequality in our ability to develop our potential .
After all , what kind of people are produced in such a society ?
As the Bolivarian Constitution recognizes , the human development alternative can only be a democratic , participatory , and protagonistic society — one in which our participation , our practice , is the necessary condition of ensuring our “ complete development , both individual and collective . ”
Creating rich human beings
95 .
The logic of human development points to our need to be able to develop through our democratic , participatory , and protagonistic activity in every aspect of our lives .
Through revolutionary practice in our communities , our workplaces , and in all our social institutions we can produce ourselves as what Marx called “ rich human beings ” — rich in capacities and needs — in contrast to the impoverished and crippled human beings that capitalism produces .
Understanding the logic of human development demonstrates the perverse , anti-human logic of capital and points to the alternative we need to build .
96 .
In contrast to the hierarchical capitalist state ( which Marx understood as an “ engine of class despotism ” ) and to the despotism of the capitalist workplace , only a revolutionary democracy can create the conditions in which we can invent ourselves daily as rich human beings .
This concept is one of democracy in practice , democracy as practice , and democracy as protagonism .
Democracy in this sense — protagonistic democracy in the workplace and protagonistic democracy in neighborhoods , communities , and communes — is the democracy of people who are transforming themselves into revolutionary subjects .
The elementary triangle of socialism
97 .
Not only is this revolutionary democracy necessary to identify the needs and capacities of communities and workers but it is also the way to build the capacities of the protagonists and to foster a new social relation among producers , the relation of associated producers based upon solidarity .
How else but through protagonistic democracy in production can we ensure that the process of producing is one that enriches people and expands their capacities rather than crippling and impoverishing them ?
How else but through protagonistic democracy in society can we ensure that what is produced is what is needed to foster the realization of our potential ?
98 .
If there is to be democratic production for the needs of society , however , there is an essential precondition : there cannot be a monopolization of the products of human labor by individuals , groups , or the state .
In other words , the precondition is social ownership of the means of production , the first side of what President Hugo Chávez has called the “ elementary triangle ” of socialism : ( a ) social ownership of the means of production , which is a basis for ( b ) social production organized by workers in order to ( c ) satisfy communal needs and communal purposes .
99 .
Let us consider each element in this particular combination of distribution - production - consumption .
A. Social ownership of the means of production
100 .
Social ownership of the means of production is critical because it is the only way to ensure that our communal , social productivity is directed to the free development of all rather than used to satisfy the private goals of capitalists , groups of individuals , or state bureaucrats .
Social ownership is not , however , the same as state ownership .
State property can be the basis for state capitalist enterprises , hierarchical statist firms , or firms in which particular groups of workers ( rather than society as a whole ) capture the major benefits of this state property .
Social ownership , however , implies a profound democracy — one in which people function as subjects , both as producers and as members of society , in determining the use of the results of our social labor .
B. Social production organized by workers
101 . Social production organized by workers builds new relations among producers — relations of cooperation and solidarity .
In contrast to capitalist production , it allows workers to end “ the crippling of body and mind ” and the loss of “ every atom of freedom , both in bodily and in intellectual activity ” that comes from the separation of head and hand .
As long as workers are prevented from developing their capacities by combining thinking and doing in the workplace , they remain alienated and fragmented human beings whose enjoyment consists in possessing and consuming things .
And , if workers do n’t make decisions in the workplace and develop their capacities , we can be certain that someone else will .
Protagonistic democracy in the workplace is an essential condition for the full development of the producers .
C. Satisfaction of communal needs and purposes
102 . Satisfaction of communal needs and purposes focuses upon the importance of basing our productive activity upon the recognition of our common humanity and our needs as members of the human family .
Thus , it stresses the importance of going beyond self - interest to think of our community and society .
As long we produce only for our private gain , how do we look at other people ?
As competitors or as customers — i.e. , as enemies or as means to our own ends ; thus , we remain alienated , fragmented , and crippled .
Rather than relating to others through an exchange relation ( and , thus , trying to get the best deal possible for ourselves ) , this third element of the elementary triangle of socialism has as its goal the building of a relation to others characterized by our unity based upon recognition of difference .
As in the case of programs of ALBA ( the Bolivarian Alternative for the Americas ) , we build solidarity among people and at the same time produce ourselves differently .
103 .
And , this concept of solidarity is central because it is saying that all human beings , all parts of the collective worker , are entitled to draw upon our “ communal , social productivity . ”
The premise is not at all that we have the individual right to consume things without limit but , rather , that we recognize the centrality of “ the worker ’s own need for development . ”
Further , our claim upon the accumulated fruits of social brain and hand is not based upon exploitation .
It is not because you have been exploited that you are entitled to share in the fruits of social labor .
Rather , it is because you are a human being in a human society — and because , like all of us , you have the right to the opportunity to develop all your potential .
104 .
At the same time , as a human being in a human society , you also have the obligation to other members of this human family — to make certain that they also have this opportunity , that they too can develop their potential .
As a member of this family you are called upon to do your share — a point present in the Bolivarian Constitution : Article 135 notes “ the obligations which by virtue of solidarity , social responsibility and humanitarian assistance , are incumbent upon individuals according to their abilities . ”
The defects we inherit
105 .
Of course , completing the socialist triangle is not something that can occur overnight .
The implications of this are significant .
For example , producing for communal needs and purposes requires a democratic mechanism for transmitting needs from below in order to engage in conscious coordination and planning .
However , the communal needs and purposes initially identified will be the needs of people formed within capitalism — people who are “ in every respect , economically , morally and intellectually , still stamped with the birth marks of the old society . ”
Similarly , how can production be oriented toward society when self - interest of the producers still prevails ?
And how , under these conditions , can we ensure that property is truly social ?
Without production for social needs , there can be no real social property ; without social property , no worker decision - making oriented toward society ’s needs ; without worker decision - making , no transformation of people and their needs .
The failure to complete that triangle means that the defects inherited from the old society infect everything .
So , how can you create socialism for the twenty - first century when everything depends upon everything else ?
Revolutionary practice
106 .
The problem , in short , is how to create new socialist men and women at the same time as new material conditions are developed .
It can only occur through a process — one in which people transform themselves through their practice .
We always need to remember the concept of revolutionary practice — “ the simultaneous changing of circumstance and human activity or self - change . ”
That process by which people prepare themselves for a new society , we see , can only be one of real democracy , protagonistic democracy , democracy as practice .
107 .
Democratic decision - making within the workplace ( instead of capitalist direction and supervision ) , democratic direction by the community of the goals of activity ( in place of direction by capitalists ) , production for the purpose of satisfying needs ( rather than for the purpose of exchange ) , common ownership of the means of production ( rather than private or group ownership ) , a democratic , participatory , and protagonistic form of governance ( rather than a state over and above society ) , solidarity based upon recognition of our common humanity ( rather than self - orientation ) , the focus upon development of human potential ( rather than upon the production of things ) — all these are means of producing new human beings , the limbs of a new organic system , socialism for the twenty - first century .
The virtuous circle of socialism
108 .
What kind of people do we create as we build this new socialism ?
They are quite different from those produced within capitalism .
In contrast to the “ vicious circle of capitalism , ” socialism contains a “ virtuous circle . ”
We begin with ( a ) producers who live within a society characterized by solidarity — people who recognize their unity based upon differences .
These producers ( b ) enter into an association in order to produce for the needs of society and ( c ) in this process develop and expand their capacities as rich human beings .
Thus the product of their activity is ( d ) producers who recognize their unity and their need for each other .
They , accordingly , reenter into this process of the virtuous circle of socialism .
109 .
Like the vicious circle of capitalism , this , too , is an expanding circle .
However , its growth is not driven by the logic of capital — a logic which demands greater production , greater consumption of the earth ’s resources , and greater consumption .
On the contrary , the growth driven by the logic of human development is not a quantitative growth but rather a qualitative growth — the development of all - sided , rich social individuals .
There are no inherent limits here — except the full development of all human potential .
The path to human development
110 .
In contrast to that socialist triangle ( social property , social production , and social needs ) , think about the capitalist triangle — ( a ) private ownership of the means of production and ( b ) exploitation of workers for ( c ) the drive for profits .
Does anyone seriously think that this can be the path to human development ?
111 .
The only path is socialism .
But , knowing where we want to go and the path to take us there is only the beginning .
112 .
We know that capitalism and imperialism will do everything they can to divert us , to divide us , to convince us that there is no alternative .
113 .
We know we have to be prepared to fight .
114 .
If we believe in people , if we believe that the goal of a human society must be that of “ ensuring overall human development , ” our choice is clear :
115 . Socialism or barbarism .
See Also : A Failure of Capitalism ( VI ) : Fear , Uncertainty , and the Economy , “ Anatomy of Thatcherism ” , Social Welfare , Socialism and Healthcare , Why collectivism “ works , ” but does n’t work , Why Collectivism “ works ” , but does n’t work , Do current incentive structures make sense ? , and Economic Power .
[ tags ] socialism , capitalism , barbarism , monthly review , Michael A. Lebowitz , Venezuela , revolutions , future of human development , economy , means of production , equality , justice [ / tags ]
Email ‘N Walk is an application which makes your iPhone invisible .
The reason ?
To stop moronic , distracted texters from walking into lamp posts .
Fire up the app on your iPhone ( this does n’t work with the iPod Touch ) and it overlays a transparent email window over a live view coming in from the camera .
Effectively , this lets you look at the screen and compose your masterpiece while simultaneously watching the road ahead .
Of course , it wo n’t work .
Anyone who would write e-mail while walking is obviously too self - absorbed to pay attention the world around them .
Let them walk under a bus .
Email ‘N
Walk is a genuine , non -spoof app and it is available now , free , from the App Store .
Product page [ iTunes via the Reg ]
On paper , the Mebius NJ70A looks just about the same as every other Atom netbook , except for one glaring , 854x480 , 4 - inch , multitouch LCD difference .
Advertisement
Following a stroke a genius ( or possibly just a regular stroke ) , Sharp 's designers have completely replaced this netbook 's trackpad with a glass multitouch screen .
Akihabara
News gave it a try below , but their photos , first impressions and video still leave some questions .
Mebius NJ70A Hands - On :
The world first netbook with optical
by AkihabaraNews
Like , is there a another pointing mechanism ?
Akihabara 's fiddling seems to reveal a touchscreen that is like almost any other capacitive panel , which is to so say sensitive , but not overly precise — and certainly not precise enough for typical mousing duties .
Unless the center button is touch sensitive , or another section of the OS 9 - reminiscent wristrest area has a Synaptics pad hiding out underneath it , the screen like the sole touch input mechanism , rather than a supplementary fun-screen like the Fujitsu LifeBook's .
It 's also unclear if the screen can be configured as a second monitor .
Advertisement
The rest is boring , filled out with a 1.6GHz Atom , 160GB HDD , 1GB RAM , 1024x600 main display , 1.3 mp webcam , etc .
Pricing and release date are still somewhat up in the air , but it looks like it 'll be Japan - only for a while , and should ship by late May .
[ Akihabara ]
Polytechnique Movie Trailer
, ” will be featured at the 2009 edition of the , as one of three Canadian films .
The Canadian true crime drama – shot in black and white – will be shown in Directors ’
Fortnight – out of competition .
The film depicts the Montreal Massacre of 1989 , where a young man murdered 14 women at Montreal ’s Polytechnique school .
It was the deadliest school shooting of the 20th century , and remains to this day the deadliest massacre in Canadian history .
Students were either studying , having a good time or just speaking each other in the cafeteria .
In between , a troubled and rejected young man enters the Polytechnique institution in Montreal in search of killing some “ feminists ” , somewhat responsible for his ruined life … Easily one of the most controversial films in Canadian cinema history .
Here we have the English trailer for the Canadian - Quebec film “ Polytechnique ” , based on the true story , released by Alliance Vivafilm and Remstar , and directed byfrom the script by .
There are two version of the trailer .
Both trailers feature no spoken dialogue , and the only difference between the French and English versions is the wording .
“ Polytechnique ” starsand [ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H0_bmNH6o0g[/youtube]
Special welcome to Consumerist.com readers !
This chart is updated daily with all of the latest baggage fees .
Be sure to check out dansdeals.com daily to read up on all of the great deals and how you can get your baggage fees waived !
The Ultimate Airline Checked Baggage Fees Chart :
Have questions about this chart ?
Click here to post a comment about it !
The chart below has been updated with all of the latest baggage fee changes for 21 US and Canadian carriers .
It first displays in alphabetical order the US based network carriers , followed by all other US based carriers , followed by Canadian carriers .
- All fees listed are for each way , simply double the fee to calculate the cost for round - trip travel .
- The following chart is applicable for economy class travel only .
- Prices for US carriers are for travel to or from the United States and the listed destination .
- Prices for Canadian carriers are for travel to or from Canada and the listed destination .
- Generally if one person on an itinerary is exempt then everyone of that reservation is also exempt from baggage fees .
Airline 1st Bag fee : 2nd Bag fee :
Other fees : Exemptions AA US : $ 25 . — —— —- Canada :$ 15 . — —— —-
Other locations : Free. US : $ 35 . — —— —- Canada : $ 25 . — —— —- Europe / India : $ 50 . — —— —-
Other locations : Free. - Over 62 linear inches= $ 150 . — — — —- -51-70 pounds=$50 — — — —- -71-100 pounds=$ 100 — — — —- - 3rd bag=$ 100 — — — —- - Some International rates may be higher .
AA and OneWorld alliance Elites AND Full “ Y class ” refundable tickets AND AAnytime mileage awards all get 2 free 50 lb. bags — — — — —— — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — ———— Continental US / Canada : $ 23 online , $ 25 airport . ——— —-
Other locations : Free. US / Canada : $ 32 online , $ 35 airport .
——— —- Latin America excluding Brazil : $ 27 online , $ 30 airport .
——— —- Europe : $ 45 online , $ 50 airport . ——— —-
Other locations : Free. – Over 62 linear inches=$ 100 . — — — —- -51-70 pounds=$50 — — — —- - Over 70 pounds =Not allowed .
— —— —- - 3rd bag= $ 100 - Continental Gold / Plat Elites and Star Alliance Golds get 3 free 70 lb. bags .
— —— —- - Continental Pres. Plus. cardholders get 2 free 70 pound bags , other Continental credit / debit cardholders get 1 free 50 lb. bag .
— —— —- - Full “ Y class ” refundable tickets AND Continental Silver Elites and Star Alliance Silvers get 2 free 50 lb. bags — — — — —— — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — ———— Delta US / Canada : $ 23 online , $ 25 airport . ——— —-
Other locations : Free. US / Canada : $ 32 online , $ 35 airport .
——— —- Latin America excluding Brazil : $ 25 online , $ 30 airport .
——— —- Europe : $ 50 . — —— —-
Other locations : Free. - Over 62 linear inches= $ 175 . — — — —- -51-70 pounds=$90 domestic , $ 150 int’l . — —— —- -71-100 pounds=$ 175 domestic , $ 300 int’l . — —— —- - 3rd bag= $ 125 domestic , $ 200 int’l. Delta and Northwest Elites AND Full “ Y class ” refundable tickets .
get 2 free 70 lb. bags .
— — — — —— — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — ————
United US / Canada : $ 23 online , $ 25 airport . ——— —-
Other locations : Free. US / Canada : $ 32 online , $ 35 airport .
——— —- Carribean / Mexico : $ 27 online , $ 30 airport .
— —— —- Europe / India : $ 45 online , $ 50 airport . ——— —-
Other locations : Free. – Over 62 linear inches= $ 175 domestic , up to $ 250 int’l . — —— —- -51-100 pounds=$ 125 domestic , up to $ 400 int’l . — —— —- - 3rd bag= $ 125 domestic , up to $ 400 int’l .
United 1K , 1P , and Star Alliance Gold Elites get 3 free 70 lb. bags .
——— —- United 2P , 3P , and Star Alliance Silver Elites get 2 free 50 lb. bags .
— — — — —— — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — ———— USAirways
All flights except Europe , Israel , and South America : $ 23 online , $ 25 airport — — — —- Europe , Israel , and South America : Free .
All flights except Europe , Israel , and South America : $ 32 online , $ 35 airport — — — —- Europe : $ 50 online , $ 55 airport — —— —- Israel and South America : Free. - Over 62 linear inches=$ 100 . — — — —- -51-70 pounds=$70 for the 1st bag , $ 80 for the 2nd .. — — — —- -71-100 pounds=$ 120 for the 1st bag , $ 130 for the 2nd .. — —— —- - 3rd bag= $ 100 USAirways and Star Alliance Elites get 2 or 3 free 50 lb. bags depending on status .
— — — — —— — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — ————
Airtran Systemwide : $ 15 Systemwide : $ 25 – Over 62 linear inches= $ 39 .
— — — —- -51-70 pounds=$39 — — — —- -71-100 pounds=$79 — — — —- - 3rd bag=$ 50 Airtran and Frontier elites get 2 free 50 lb. bags .
——— —-
Corporate members get 1 free 50 lb. bag . — — — — —— — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — ————
Alaska Systemwide : $ 15 Systemwide : $ 25 – Over 62 linear inches=$ 50 .
— — — —- -51-100 pounds=$50 — — — —- - 3rd bag=$ 50 Alaska Elites get 2 free 50 lb. bags — — — — —— — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — ————
Allegiant Systemwide : $ 15 online , $ 35 airport Systemwide : $ 25 online , $ 35 airport – Over 80 linear inches= $ 25 . — — — —- -51-70 pounds=$50 — — — —- -71-100 pounds=$75 — — — —- - 3rd bag=$ 50 – — — — — —— — — — — — ——– — — — —— ——– — — — —— ——– — — ———— Frontier US :$ 20 — — — —-
Other locations : Free. US :$ 30 — ———-
Other locations : Free. – Over 62 linear inches=$ 75 . — — — —- -51-100 pounds=$75 — — — —- - 3rd bag=$ 50 Frontier and Airtran elites get 2 free 50 lb. bags — — — — —— — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — ————
Go Systemwide : $ 10 Systemwide : $ 17 – Over 62 linear inches= $ 25 — — — —- -51-70 pounds=$ 25 — — — —- -71-100 pounds=$ 50 - 3rd bag= $ 25 Corporate members get 2 free 50 lb. bags — — — — —— — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — ———— Hawaiian Mainland - $ 23 online , $ 25 airport — —— —- Interisland - $ 10 Mainland - $ 32 online , $ 35 airport — —— —- Interisland - $ 17 – Over 62 linear inches= $ 25 mainland , $ 50 interisland .
— —— —- -51-70 pounds=$ 25 mainland , $ 50 interisland — —— —- - Over 70 pounds =Not allowed .
— —— —- - 3rd bag= $ 125 mainland , $ 25 interisland .
Hawaiian Elite and Corporate members get 2 - 3 free 50 lb. bags — — — — —— — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — ———— Jetblue Free Systemwide : $ 30 – Over 62 linear inches=$ 75 — — — —- -51-70 pounds=$50 — — — —- -71-100 pounds=$ 100 — — — —- - 3rd bag=$ 75 – — — — — —— — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — ————
Midwest Systemwide : $ 20 Systemwide : $ 30 – Over 62 linear inches= $ 75 — — — —- -51-100 pounds=$75 — — — —- - 3rd bag=$ 50 – — — — — —— — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — ————
Southwest Free Free – Over 62 linear inches=$ 50 — — — —- -51-100 pounds=$50 — — — —- - 3rd bag=$ 50 – — — — — —— — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — ————
Spirit Systemwide : $ 19 online , $ 25 airport Systemwide : $ 25 – Over 62 linear inches= $ 100 — — — —- -51-70 pounds=$50 — — — —- -71-100 pounds =$ 100 - 3rd bag=$ 100 – — — — — —— — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — ————
Sun Country Systemwide : $ 15 online , $ 20 airport Systemwide : $ 25 online , $ 30 airport – Over 62 linear inches= $ 75 — — — —- -51-100 pounds=$75 — — — —- - 3rd bag=$ 75 – — — — — —— — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — ———— USA3000 US :$ 15 online , $ 25 airport — — — —-
Other locations : Free. Systemwide : $ 25 – Over 62 linear inches= $ 25 — — — —- -51-70 pounds=$ 25 — — — —- - Over 70 pounds
=Not allowed .
— —— —- - 3rd bag= $ 25 – — — — — —— — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — ———— Virgin America Systemwide : $ 20 ( 70 lbs ) Systemwide : $ 20 ( 50 lbs ) – Over 62 linear inches= $ 50 — — — —- -51-70 pounds
=Free for 1st bag , $ 50 for additional bags .
— —— —- -71-100 pounds =$ 100 - 3rd bag= $ 20 Main Cabin Select passengers get one free 70 lb. bag . — — — — —— — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — ————
Air Canada Free US : $ 27 online , $ 30 airport — —— —- Europe , Israel : $ 45 online , $ 50 airport — — — —-
Other Locations : Free – Over 62 linear inches=$75 in North America , $ 100 elsewhere .
— —— —- -51-70 pounds==$75 in North America , $ 100 elsewhere .
— —— —- -71-100 pounds
=Not allowed .
— —— —- - 3rd bag==$ 100 in North America , $ 225 elsewhere .
Air Canada Elite and Super Elites get 3 free 70 lb. bags .
— —— —- Star Alliance
Gold elites get 3 free 50 lb. bags — —— —- 10 % off all bag fees when purchased online .
— — — — —— — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — ————
Porter Free Free ( limit of 50 lbs. total checked weight per passenger . )
– Over 62 linear inches=Not allowed .
——— —-
- Over 5 pounds per passenger =$ 5/kg. ( 2.2lbs . ) ——— —- - 3rd bag= $ 25 Passengers flying on the reservation can pool their 50 pound weight allowance together .
— — — — —— — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — ————
WestJet Free Free – Over 62 linear inches= $ 40 — — — —- -51-100 pounds=$ 40 — — — —- - 3rd bag=$ 75 – — — — — —— — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — — — ——– — — — ———
©2010 Dansdeals.com Research .
Policies are current as of 01/20/10 .
Please do not post this article in its entirety on any other website without explicit prior permission .
Thank You !
Building Green Remains Strong , but LEED Popularity Slips
In the race for being certified as a ‘ green ’ building , LEED has been the certification of choice thus far , but some are not feeling so eager to obtain certification any more .
While the majority of builders and building owners support building green , the popularity of LEED certification has slipped a bit according to a recent survey conducted by Allen Matkins / CTG / Green Building Insider .
The consensus from 900 design professionals , contractors , constructions planners and building owners was that 93.4 % agreed that it is worth the time and effort to build green , but only 66.2 % believe that obtaining LEED certification is worth the effort .
Has LEED lost the lead in the green building certification race ?
While 66.2 % still shows that the majority of people believe LEED is a worthwhile certification , the popularity is down from 76 % the previous year .
Why the decline ?
Some of the primary reasons for the decline in willingness to obtain LEED certification could have to do with competition from other certification agencies , newly enacted green building regulations and concerns over carbon footprints .
More attention is now being focused on greenhouse gases and carbon impacts which LEED has only indirectly addressed .
But the USGBC is taking action and adapting it ’s LEED rating system to these new requirements .
New LEED requirements being introduced this year include a “ carbon overlay ” that should bring many of the survey respondents back into the fold with respect to LEED certification .
Green Building Concerns
Among the other findings in the survey were that designers , owners and contractors have differing views on the risks involved in green construction and different ideas on whether green construction adds to the cost of projects .
The survey showed that contractors , subcontractors , architects , engineers , building owners , attorneys and consultants felt that construction risks increased for green projects compared with traditional projects .
The growing use of Building Information Modeling , which employs computer - aided design to produce three - dimensional models of projects for incorporating green design elements from the very start of and throughout a project could help to resolve this issue .
Although many of those surveyed estimate that green construction adds between 1 % and 4 % to the cost of a project , those who use BIM say “ that if you design for green and sustainable elements from the very beginning , you will be able to come out with a project that could certify to Green , LEED , Gold or Silver without spending any more than conventional construction , which is pretty amazing , ” says Bryan Jackson , chair of the green building and sustainable construction group at the Los Angeles office of the law firm of Allen Matkins Leck Gamble Mallory & Natsis .
This news about LEED should n’t alarm any of the current buildings with this certification .
It just shows the progress that ’s being made in the ‘ green ’ economy and how certifications are adapting to the credentials that people are looking for the most in our transition to a more sustainable lifestyle .
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Gordon Brown last night hailed the ­beginning of the end for tax havens , as Switzerland opened up its ­legendary system of bank secrecy and agreed to hand over information on wealthy clients suspected of tax evasion .
The move , described as historic by anti-poverty campaigners , came as ­international pressure , including action from Brown and Barack Obama , forced the world 's tax havens to hand over previously undisclosed data on account holders .
In a remarkable week , Europe 's secrecy jurisdictions – Liechtenstein , Andorra , Austria , Luxembourg , Jersey and ­Switzerland – all entered into international information sharing agreements .
Swiss ministers said the government caved in after learning the country was going to be included this month on a ­blacklist of uncooperative tax havens drawn up by the Organisation for ­Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) .
Having agreed to sign up to the OECD protocol on tax , Switzerland will hand over information on account ­holders suspected of tax evasion by another country .
Until now tax evasion was not illegal in Switzerland and secrecy has been the bedrock of its economy .
Hans -Rudolf Merz , Swiss president and finance minister , said yesterday : " Co-operation on taxes has become more important given the globalisation of ­financial markets and in particular against the background of the financial crisis . "
Switzerland is the world 's biggest tax haven .
The world 's rich hide at least $ 1.89 tn ( £ 1.35tn ) of the estimated $ 7trn of ­private wealth there according to the Swiss Bankers Association , though others put the figure much higher .
Dr Andreas Missbach , joint managing director of Swiss anti-poverty campaign group Berne Declaration , said : " This is a major and historic first step .
We have reason to celebrate but we still demand automatic exchange of information to address profound global economic imbalances . "
The world 's tax havens have been ­rattled by a series of events that have forced them to come into the open .
The Guardian has run a series of articles in its Tax Gap investigation detailing how some British companies use such havens to pay less tax to the UK treasury .
The global banking collapse revealed that many of the most complex debt instruments were based in offshore ­centres such as Jersey .
Obama has made cracking down on secretive jurisdictions central to his ­economic justice programme .
­
The fresh concessions by tax havens will not lead to full disclosure of the true ­beneficiaries of the complicated maze of sham trusts designed to confuse ­international tax authorities .
Campaign groups from all over Europe marched through Jersey 's capital , St Helier yesterday .
In a statement the aid groups demanded " a systemic change … to allow developing countries to get hold of the information they need … so they can stop the tax evasion " .
The extent to which companies and individuals are using overseas tax havens to legally dodge tax has been exposed in the ­Tax Gap series .
The investigation found that Royal Bank of Scotland used a series of schemes to avoid paying £ 500 m to British and US revenues .
Many other FTSE - listed companies have also used complex financial structures to cut their tax liabilities to the British Treasury .
Im Streit um das Sperren von kinderpornografischen Internetseiten formieren sich Gegner und Befürworter .
Mit einer bundesweiten Unterschriftenaktion will die Deutsche Kinderhilfe das geplante Gesetz zur Sperrung unterstützen .
Der Auftakt sei an diesem Mittwoch vor dem Fußball - Bundesligaspiel von Arminia Bielefeld gegen 1899 Hoffenheim in der Bielefelder Schüco - Arena , sagte der Kinderhilfe - Vorsitzende Georg Ehrmann heute und bestätigte damit einen Bericht des Westfalen - Blatts vom selben Tag .
Die Kinderschutzorganisation mit Sitz in Berlin wolle damit einen Kontrapunkt gegen die Online - Petition setzen , deren Ziel es ist , das Gesetz zu stoppen , hieß es weiter .
" Die 70.000 Unterstützer der Online - Petition repräsentieren nicht die Meinung der deutschen Bevölkerung , die meisten Deutschen wollen Kinderpornos gesperrt wissen " , meinte Ehrmann .
Ziel der Gegenaktion sei es , bis Ende Mai 100.000 Unterschriften zu sammeln .
" Wir wollen verhindern , dass das Gesetzgebungsverfahren aufgrund der Online - Petition auf Eis gelegt wird . "
Da mehr als 50.000 Online - Eingaben vorliegen , muss der Petitionsausschuss des Bundestages über den Antrag diskutieren .
Als weitere Stationen der Unterschriftenaktion nannte Ehrmann die BMW - Werke in München , Ministerien der Nordrhein - Westfälischen Landesregierung sowie das Frankfurter Bankenviertel .
Derweil ruft der Verein " Missbrauchsopfer gegen Internetsperren " ( MOGIS ) zu bundesweiten Protestaktionen unter dem Motto " Grundgesetz lesen " auf .
Ursprünglich hatte Christian Bahls aus dem Vorstand des Vereins vor , am 23 .
Mai am Reichstag aus dem Grundgesetz vorzulesen .
Die Verfassung wird an diesem Tag 60 Jahre alt .
Wegen der großen Resonanz soll diese " Flashmob " genannte Aktion bundesweit stattfinden .
MOGIS meint , kein einziges Kind werde durch die leicht umgehbaren Blockaden weniger missbraucht , während die zu erwartenden Einschränkungen der Rezipientenfreiheit und des Fernmeldegeheimnisses erheblich seien .
( anw )
My Blog about SEO , SEM , SMO , CMS , UX and PHP .
Why you need Search Engine Optimization , Search Engine Marketing , Social Media , User Experience Design , a Content management system and PHP open source software to power it all .
The Greatest Living American Dude .
Google it and see .
Volunteers inspect dowry items ahead of a mass marriage of Muslim couples in the Indian city of Ahmedabad .
Ferrari is to go to the French courts where it will take out an injunction against the FIA 's proposed rule changes .
The news comes following today 's meeting in London between the teams , the FIA and Bernie Ecclestone .
Ferrari's action indicates that not only is the matter far from being resolved but that the meeting did not go well in terms of the Italian team and the FIA resolving their differences .
Revealing Ferrari's surprise move , Mosley told reporters , following today 's meeting : " During the meeting it became apparent that Ferrari have made an application to the French courts to apply for an injunction to stop us doing what we want to do . "
Referring to the injunction , which he was advised about by text message during the meeting , Mosley added : " When people start bringing proceedings it gets very difficult to negotiate with them .
" It was a friendly meeting , " he added , " but the teams have gone off to see if they can come up with something better than the cost cap . "
It is understood that Ferrari 's case , which if successful will be appealed by the FIA , will be heard in Paris on Tuesday .
The Detroit Lions delivered a stern message to their opponents on Monday by unveiling
a new , fiercer logo .
Page 2 wonders which other teams should adopt angrier logos .
Meg Whitman made a fortune helping a company collect small fees on the sale of vintage Cher dolls and Barbra Streisand records .
Which , in her eyes , makes her a perfect candidate for California ’s governor .
She ’s running not on social issues , but on economics ; her basic platform is “ whatever ’s good for business is good by me . ”
Oh , but then she forgot this little thing : Voters care about social issues .
A big one in California ?
THE GHEYS !
Yes , that old same - sex marriage thing , which seems to be on its never - ending comeback tour .
Whitman , you see , voted for Prop 8 .
Her decision , she ’ll have you believe , is n’t because she hates gay people or wants to infringe on their rights , but because she is a religious person , believes marriage is a sacred institution that reserves the right to divorce for heteros , and thinks civil unions are good enough to shut your second - class trap up .
Her spokesman even said so : “ She is absolutely a strong supporter of civil unions and it ’s evident by her leadership at eBay .
It was tremendously inclusive in that regard . ”
Whitman also believes in the sanctity of past “ mistakes ” :
She wants those who married after it was legal but before Prop 8 to be able to stay married , ensuring a clusterfuck of beaucracy whenever you file taxes or apply for health benefits .
But now that she ’s forced to keep acknowledging all this gay stuff , she ’s telling potential voters , “ So first of all , what you should know is I ’m not running for governor based on social issues — I ’m running for governor to fix and really transform the California economy . ”
Well that sounds nice .
Also : “ I want you to know I am all about equal rights and I want to make sure that gay and lesbian people are treated equally under the eyes of the law . ”
Wow .
So you ’re a champion for our community ?
Not quite : “ The reason that I voted ‘ yes ’ on Prop. 8 was that civil unions provide virtually all the rights and remedies to gay and lesbian couples that marriage does and my personal point of view is that the definition of ‘ marriage ’ is a religious term that should be between and man and a woman . ”
As Chris Kelly translates , “ Marriage is strictly a religious idea , and that ’s why I voted to have it written into state law . ”
This back and forth is n’t terribly interesting on its face ; politicians have a history of hemming and hawing .
But realize : Whitman is running on the Republican ticket , and she needs the win the primary with a conservative base .
Thus , the anti-gay marriage stuff .
But as a whole , the GOP seems to be ( and would be wise to actually start ) abandoning its vehement anti-gay stance , because beyond “ the base , ” same - sex marriage is becoming less and less of a concern .
Thus , Whitman ’s “ but , but , but I like the gays ” have - it - both - ways follow - up .
It would be so much easier if we just had a site on the world wide web that could tell us , by allowing any person to name a price , how much value to place on any of her positions .
I love old technology as much as the next techno - geezer , but come on , it was n't all wonder and goodness .
After we 're done reminiscing about the good old days of operating systems , let 's reflect on the bad old days of operating systems as well .
After all , the bad times are still with us -- even in 2009 , there are still some wretched operating systems out there .
In historical order , from oldest to newest , here 's my own personal list of the top ( bottom ? ) 10 OS stinkers .
OS /360 , 1964
No , no , I 'm not talking about the later versions of OS / 360 that some of us used on IBM 360 mainframes back in the late ' 60s and early ' 70s .
For its day , it was fine .
Indeed , my very first operating system was an OS / 360 descendant with TSO ( Time Sharing Option ) running on top of it .
What I 'm talking about is the very first version of OS / 360 -- the one that led its project manager , Fred Brooks , to write The Mythical Man-Month , his classic book on how software development fails .
That first version of OS / 360 , to paraphrase Brooks , came in late , had flaws in its control programs , required more memory than planned , was over budget by several times the original estimate , and , oh yeah , it was slow too .
On the other hand , we did get a classic book on how not to develop software , which included such nuggets as " Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later . "
Brooks likes to describe it as a software developer 's Bible , because " everybody reads it , but nobody does anything about it . "
As the rest of this tale shall reveal , he was right .
ITS ( Incompatible Timesharing System ) , late 1960s
What can one say about an operating system written in DEC PDP - 6 and PDP - 10 assembly language that supported one mono - case , six - character filename ... per directory ?
( Yes , you read that right : Each file resided in its own separate directory . )
And security was nil -- for example , no passwords were required , and you could log into anyone 's active session and do pretty much anything you wanted with it .
What 's amazing is that despite being an incredible pain to use and with no security whatsoever , ITS actually was an important operating system in its day .
While it was eventually forced out by the rise of Unix , many programs still in use today , such as the Emacs editor and the Lisp language , got their start on ITS .
For more on ITS and the early days of computer hackers , check out Steve Levy 's classic book , Hackers .
You 'll find it entertaining and amusing , and you 'll be very glad you did n't have to use ITS .
GNU Hurd , launched in 1983 , still incomplete
Ever wonder why some people refer to Linux as GNU / Linux ?
The official explanation is that Linux is merely an OS kernel that relies on GNU software to make a complete operating system .
GNU was announced in 1983 as a future replacement operating system for Unix , to be made up entirely of free software .
But after more than 25 years in development , GNU remains incomplete :
Its kernel , Hurd , has never really made it out of the starting blocks .
( I 'll refer to the complete OS as " GNU Hurd " to avoid confusion with other GNU software . )
Almost no one has actually been able to use the OS ; it 's really more a set of ideas than an operating system .
And that 's why I 'm naming GNU Hurd as one of my top 10 stinker operating systems -- because after a quarter century , it has still failed to deliver on its promise of an entirely free Unix replacement .
By incorporating ideas and software from GNU ( and other sources such as Minix and BSD Unix ) , on the other hand , Linux has stepped in to pick up GNU Hurd 's slack , providing an advanced operating system that is ready to use right now , in numerous distributions .
I , for one , am not willing to wait another 25 years for a chimera .
Could we please just drop the dream of the GNU Hurd OS as an idea whose time will never come ?
Mexicans are being advised to stay at home during the shutdown Mexico has revised down the suspected death toll from swine flu from 176 to 101 , indicating that the outbreak may not be as bad as was initially feared .
Health Minister Jose Angel Cordova told the BBC that , based on samples tested , the mortality rate was comparable with that of seasonal flu .
Mexico has ordered a five - day shutdown in a bid to contain the virus .
A World Health Organization official said there was no evidence of sustained virus spread outside North America .
WHO Director of Global Alert and Response Dr Michael Ryan said the emergence of more cases in Europe did not mean the WHO would necessarily need to raise its global pandemic alert level .
" I think it would be , at this stage , unwise to suggest that , in any way , those events are out of control or spreading in an uncontrolled fashion , " he told a daily press briefing .
" I think the next few days will tell as this develops . "
CONFIRMED CASES
Mexico : 101 suspected deaths - 16 confirmed US : One death , at least 141 confirmed cases New Zealand : 4 confirmed , 12 probable cases Canada : 35 confirmed cases UK , Spain : 15 confirmed cases Germany : 4 confirmed cases France , Israel , Costa Rica : 2 confirmed cases Netherlands , Switzerland , Austria , Denmark , Hong Kong , South Korea , Italy : 1 confirmed case Countries with confirmed cases of secondary transmission
Mexico US Canada Spain Germany UK
Mapping the outbreak Price hikes in Mexico amid flu panic
The WHO is sending 2.4 m courses of antiviral treatment to 72 nations around the world , Dr Ryan said , among them many developing countries .
The WHO was still trying to establish the severity of the swine flu virus , he added .
Italy reported its first case on Saturday , bringing the number of countries affected to 17 .
In Egypt , authorities have begun in earnest the slaughter of more than 300,000 pigs , in what was originally described as a precaution against swine flu .
Officials now say the move is a general health measure aimed at restoring order to Egypt 's pig-rearing industry .
Experts say the virus cannot be caught from eating pork and there is no scientific rationale for the cull .
Five countries outside Mexico have confirmed person - to - person transmission .
China is trying to stop the spread of the virus , after getting its first case on Friday .
It says it will quarantine all those who travelled on a flight from Mexico with a man suffering from swine flu .
Flights from Mexico have been suspended , and fellow guests and staff at the Hong Kong hotel where he was staying have been quarantined .
South Korea has also now confirmed a case of the virus .
Risk remains
In cases outside Mexico , the effects do not appear to be severe .
Dr Anne Schuchat , acting deputy director of America 's Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) , said that although experts were concerned about the possibility of severe cases , the majority so far had been " mild , self - limited illness " .
SYMPTOMS - WHAT TO DO
Swine flu symptoms are similar to those produced by ordinary seasonal flu - fever , cough , sore throat , body aches , chills and fatigue
If you have flu symptoms and recently visited affected areas of Mexico , you should seek medical advice
If you suspect you are infected , you should stay at home and take advice by telephone initially , in order to minimise the risk of infection
Q&A : What is swine flu ?
Mexican economy squeezed by flu
In pictures : Flu concern grows
The quest for a swine flu vaccine
The new virus lacked the traits that made the 1918 flu pandemic so deadly , another CDC official said .
Mr Cordova appeared to agree , saying that the Mexican authorities may , on reflection , have overestimated the danger .
He said 43.7 % of samples from suspected cases so far tested had come back positive , a total of 397 .
Sixteen in this group had died .
" All the samples that were taken give us an idea of the percentage of the ones testing positive , " he said .
" That means that apparently , the rate of attack is not as wide as was thought . "
But he stressed that the risk of a rise in infection remains and some elements of the five - day shutdown might be extended .
Restaurants , public buildings and businesses have been closed as Mexico tries to bring the virus under control , and people are being urged to stay at home .
Mexico City Mayor Marcelo Ebrard said the emergency measures were bringing results , with the numbers " getting better every day " .
There is growing concern about the effect the virus could have on Mexico 's economy .
Several US air carriers say they will cut flights to Mexico as demand falls amid concerns over the crisis .
Tourism has plummeted since the outbreak was declared a week ago .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
POPULAR Finnish politician and blogger Jussi Halla - aho has fallen foul of Finland ’s archaic blasphemy laws by claiming that the “ prophet ” Mohammed was a paedophile .
The Eurabia blog revealed at the weekend that the Helsinki city councilman was charged in the Helsinki district court with blasphemy , and incitement of an ethnic group , and ordered to stand trial for publishing the “ slur ” .
According to the Deputy Prosecuting Attorney , Jorme Kalske :
Halla - aho had uploaded to the Internet and submitted writings to the general public , in which Islam and its sacred institutions were combined with paedophilia â€ ¦
Reacting to the conviction of far - right Finnish activitist Seppo Lehto – who was sentenced last year to two years and four months imprisonment for “ gross defamation ” of Islam , incitement against an ethnic group and for blasphemy - Halla - aho deliberately posted his “ Mo was a kiddy - fiddler ” remarks to provoke State prosecutor Mika Illman .
You can see Lehto in action here .
Halla - aho pointed out on his blog that the “ filth ” created by Lehto did indeed constitute “ gross defamation , but :
Nobody has ever been sentenced for two years and four months for these kind of crimes .
I do n’t blame Mika Illman , he is obviously a man worthy of his last name , who does what he thinks he is supposed to do , but those district courts that have lamely given Mika everything he dares to ask have a reason to be ashamed of themselves .
He added :
Opium farmer Haji Abdul Khan shows off damaged poppies to U.S. Marines and their military interpreter on March 22 , 2009 near remote Qalanderabad in southwest Afghanistan .
The opium poppy field was damaged when a U.S. Air Force airdrop of supplies blew off target , landing on some of Khan 's crops and crushing them .
The Marines assured Khan they would pay him for his damaged poppy crop in compensation for the accident .
The Taliban often extorts a percentage of the profits from the farmers ' harvest to fund attacks on American forces , according to the military .
U.S. Marines , however , have no mandate to destroy poppy crops and , in fact , count on farmers to supply intelligence on Taliban activities .
( John Moore / Getty Images ) #
After having a stroke , a 64 - year - old woman reports that she now has a " pale , milky - white and translucent third arm " that she can use to scratch itchy parts of her body .
She also says the limb can't penetrate solid objects .
It is " the first case known to doctors of a person being able to feel , see and deliberately move a limb that does n't exist . "
The woman underwent an MRI and when doctors asker her to move her imaginary third limb , her brain responded as if she really had the arm .
Her visual cortex activity also indicated that she saw the arm .
( Via Arbroath )
I trace this appropriation in the following three sections .
The first , “ ‘ Unusual energy and intellectual power ’ : Hallucinogens , Nerves , and Omniscience , ” shows how hallucinogens occasioned white fantasies of intellectual transcendence and physical disembodiment that upheld imperial notions of race .
The second , “ An ‘ enchanted two hours ’ : Hallucinogens , Disembodiment , and Media Consumption , ” demonstrates how this disembodiment was superficially likened to mass visual entertainment , while really preserving hallucinogenic experience as an elite experience .
The final section , “ Hallucinators , Aesthetes , Collectors , and Flâneurs , ” brings the hallucinogenized body back into focus by connecting it to avant - garde aesthetic philosophy and practice , including Aesthetic receptivity to impressions , the imperial dimension of Aesthetic collecting , and the urban wanderings of the flâneur .
My discussion of nineteenth - century hallucinogenic discourse thus intersects with recent critical work on the history and cultural politics of vision . [ 7 ]
On the one hand , hallucinogenic experience should be considered another of Jonathan Crary ’s techniques of a modern observer , who had garnered “ carnal density ” throughout the nineteenth century : the simple fact that one had to ingest peyote or mescaline , both of which were described as foul - tasting , and risk stomachache and headache , to experience a physical rush , embeds hallucinogenic experience firmly in the body ( Crary 34 ) .
Indeed , if one assents to Crary ’s thesis that nineteenth - century vision came to be understood as contingent upon each observer ’s individual physiology , then hallucinogenic experience could be considered this broader shift ’s most radical episode .
With respect to hallucination , Kate Flint notes that “ fin - de - siècle anxieties about the uncertain borderland between truth and falsity , the rational and the irrational , demonstrate a realization of the disturbance of relativity ” ( 264 ) .
Yet hallucinogenic discourse also consistently fantasized about dematerializing its subjects ’ bodies , dwelling forever in the domain of the mind ’s eye , and there commanding total knowledge — a trope that also significantly refuses the bodily contingency of vision , and accordingly dispenses with concerns about relativism in favor of sensations of omniscience .
Indeed , in 1836 , around the same time that Crary argues for the relativization of vision due to a new emphasis on its physiological context , Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote “ Nature , ” his famous fantasy of monocular omniscience , in which the body disappears into the organ of vision : “ I become a transparent eyeball ; I am nothing ; I see all ; the currents of the Universal being circulate through me ; I am a part or particle of God ” ( 184 ) .
Emerson ’s universalization of white masculinity as the omniscient power of vision itself has been rigorously critiqued from the point of view of race , gender , and sexuality . [ 8 ]
The same tension governs hallucinogenic discourse : although it was physiologically embedded , its status as cultural appropriation gave rise to fantasies of disembodied omniscience .
Reading bodily aspects and their social significance back into an insistently decorporealized hallucinogenic discourse brings critical attention to a formative interdisciplinary moment , when anthropology and medicine focused their scientific gaze upon what had been religious and communal practices , and saw instead a highly individualized , scientific and Aesthetic experience .
Indeed , the solipsism of unique drug - induced hallucinations acquired social meaning when it was translated into its various late nineteenth - century contexts : imperial anthropology and medico - science , the discourse of “ nerves ” attending professional “ brain work , ” the consumption of visual media , and Aestheticism and Decadence .
These contexts demonstrate the distinctive modernity of hallucinogenic discourse : it melded auto - ethnographic and scientific modes of detailed empirical observation , reportage , and publication , with Aesthetic practices of passive receptivity to visual delight ; it joined the mandate of imperial science — to collect information about racial and cultural “ others ” — with its Aesthetic counterpart , the imperial impulse to collect ever more obscure artifacts and experiences from far - flung reaches of the globe ; and it turned an active , externally - oriented imperialism inward , making it into a passive consumption of spectacle explicitly likened to the experience of media entertainment .
Though modern , hallucinogenic experience did not generate the kind of deep subjectivity contemporaneously formulated through psychoanalysis ; rather , it dwelled chiefly in the more superficial world of visual impressions .
The result was a hallucinogenic subject , for whom peyote or mescaline offered not the spiritual and communal rituals of Native Americans , but rather imperial , modern , professional status built on the observation of dazzling inner visions .
The cultural appropriation and remaking of hallucinogenic experience as European intellectual self - experimentation engaged an insidious and durable cultural illogic that configured the Western mind / body split along racial lines , so that whiteness signified the mind , and non-whiteness , the body . [ 5 ]
The white hallucinogenic subject ’s mind became both a vast , unique , enchanted realm and the powerful means of exploring it .
The radical perceptual experience of drug - induced hallucination may seem temporarily to abstract or distance its subject from his body and social identity , but its rendering as discourse confirms all the significatory techniques of social power it supposedly suspends .
Nineteenth - century hallucinogenic discourse typically produces a fantasy of visual power and omniscience for its white , masculine , and middle - class subjects . [ 6 ]
In the narrow but powerful venue of medical periodicals such as The Therapeutic Gazette , The British Medical Journal , and The Lancet , the essentially private aesthetic value of random hallucination could be realized , for an elite group .
With respect to hallucinogens , von Bibra ’s 1855 formulation became a self - fulfilling prophecy for fin- de - siècle and early twentieth - century European medical researchers .
Silas Weir Mitchell , Havelock Ellis , and other medico - scientific professionals experimented with mescaline and peyote and described the results in the august pages of The British Medical Journal and The Lancet in the 1890s . [ 4 ]
In discursive acts of cultural appropriation , they transferred the drugs from their ritual use among Tarahumari , Kiowa , and other Native Americans , recontextualizing them within their own spheres of imperial science and metropolitan culture .
Implicitly replicating the imperial and racial hierarchies established by De Quincey , von Bibra , and earlier writers , texts such as Ellis ’ “ A New Artificial Paradise , ” published in The Contemporary Review in 1896 , brought them up to date for the brink of the twentieth century , and disseminated them to a wider reading audience .
Though they have long languished in the shadow of their twentieth - century legacies , Victorian experiments with peyote and mescaline form one of the more obscure areas in which new visual experiences began to contour modern subjectivities .
In the mid- and late - nineteenth century , when they learned that certain North and South American plants could induce hallucinations in those who consumed them , British , German , and U.S. anthropologists and medical researchers looked for conceptual and cultural frameworks to come to terms with the drugs ’ effects , which would only later be known as hallucinogenic experience . [ 2 ]
A major touchstone was Thomas De Quincey ’s Confessions of an English Opium - Eater ( 1821 ) , the text that , along with Samuel Taylor Coleridge ’s “ Kubla Kahn , ” ( 1816 ) , created the modern persona of the hallucinating , drug - taking intellectual : “ If a man ‘ whose talk is of oxen , ’ should become an Opium - eater , the probability is , that ( if he is not too dull to dream at all ) — he will dream about oxen : whereas , in the case before him , the reader will find that the Opium - eater boasteth himself to be a philosopher ” ( De Quincey 5 ) .
Unlike English agricultural workers who used opium medicinally , De Quincey ’s narcotized narrator instead dreamed of Giovanni Battista Piranesi ’s staircases and enhanced his understanding of Immanuel Kant . [ 3 ]
The Confessions infamously uses opium to consolidate a series of class , racial , and other distinctions , setting the English opium - eater apart from “ stupid ” Turks and Malays “ running amuck , ” placing him at the pinnacle of intellectual and literary mastery .
The name “ De Quincey ” became the byword for this status for the better part of the next two centuries .
Other writings carried this figure forward , elaborating its racial hierarchy : in Plant Intoxicants ( 1855 ) , Baron Ernst von Bibra wrote , “ If excited by an overdose of hashish or opium , a savage Moslem becomes an assassin , a Malay is seized by an amok frenzy , whereas in the same situation , a scholarly , educated European medical doctor carries out observations on himself ” ( 157 ) .
The cultural expectation that bourgeois westerners observe and analyze their own drug experiences continues to produce a copious literature whose authors figure as subversive philosophers , artists , and scientists of themselves .
Brenda Mann Hammack has described this figure as “ the chemically inspired intellectual ” ( 83 ) .
Largely unrecognized within cultural studies and the history of medicine , however , is that nineteenth - century writings about hallucinogens formed this chemical intellectual and valorized his elite knowledge in contrast to another durable figure , the drug - crazed savage of the racist imagination .
I. “ Unusual energy and intellectual power ” : Hallucinogens , Nerves , and Omniscience
European hallucinogenic experimentation relied on the imperial acquisition of peyote , coca leaf , and other largely New World plants ritually or customarily used by Native Americans . [ 9 ]
The mid- and late - Victorian period was that of the great “ plant hunters , ” or botanical adventurers such as Richard Spruce ( 1817 - 1893 ) and Henry Hurd Rusby ( 1855 - 1940 ) : in the 1850s and 60s , Spruce traveled the Amazon basin , collecting and cultivating quinine bark , among other plants with therapeutic potential , and dabbling with ayahuasca , the “ telepathic vine ” ritually ingested by various Amazonian peoples , and thought to bring individual minds into direct contact with each other . [ 10 ]
In the mid-1880s , Rusby — to whom drug historian David Courtwright refers as “ the Theodore Roosevelt of bio-imperialism ” — undertook the first of seven expeditions to South America to retrieve coca leaves and other psychoactive plants ( Courtwright 48 ) . [ 11 ]
Hallucinogens also came to Western attention through anthropological studies of the Kiowa , by James Mooney , and the Tarahumari by Carl Lumholtz .
In 1885 , Mooney was sent to study the Ghost Dance ritual by the Bureau of American Ethnology , a new wing of the Smithsonian Institute , and he quickly became the leading expert on Kiowa and Cherokee customs . [ 12 ]
The Ghost Dance was a ritual attempt by Native Americans to end European aggression ; some versions and segments of it involved peyote - induced trances .
To the Ghost Dance ’s participants , hallucinogenic experience was instrumental to resisting the racialized violence and dispossession they suffered .
From across a cultural and epistemic gulf , the disciplinary and institutional forces of ethnology that Mooney ’s research enacted assisted the wider project of imperial science , to document Native practices according to white categories and racist hierarchies .
Hallucinogens can thus be located at the tortured heart of an imperial encounter .
From the perspective of racist European commentators , Native hallucinogenic experience could only ever feebly approach the sublime intellectual heights of European use .
Louis Lewin ’s comparison establishes this hierarchy : “ The phenomena to which [ peyote ] gives rise bring the Indian out of his apathy and unconsciously lead him to superior spheres of perception , and he is subjected proportionately to the same impressions as the cultivated European who is even capable of undertaking an analysis of his concomitant state ” ( 89 ) .
In Lewin ’s formulation , hallucinogens almost equalize Native American and European intellects , except that Europeans enjoy the aptitude for self - reflexivity and analysis .
In less measured terms , Native American hallucinogenic use simply affronted the West ’s proprietary relationship to reason : John Briggs wrote in The Medical Register that mental journeys facilitated by “ muscale buttons ” produced “ superstitious recitals ” by “ savage leaders ” ( 276 ) .
In Briggs ’ opinion , “ Such hallucinations are to those superstitious Indians undoubted realities ” ( 276 ) .
Unable to differentiate fleeting visual fictions from actualities , Briggs ’ Native Americans inhabited a cognitively abject realm .
His claim was far from unique .
The British Medical Journal , disparaging Ellis ’ favorable review of his mescaline experiment , sneered , “ [ W ]e have yet to learn that the Kiowa Indians are the most intellectual of the sister Continent ” ( “ Paradise or Inferno ? ” 390 ) .
Such opinions conformed neatly to the familiar racist logic whereby whiteness is equated with the perceiving mind , and non-whiteness , with the mire of insensate corporeality . [ 13 ]
The privileged relationship of whiteness to perception and cognition was insidiously promulgated through the discourse of neurasthenia , the umbrella term for a host of “ nervous diseases ” of modernity thought to afflict middle - class Europeans and Americans of the Northeastern industrial centers .
In the 1880s and 1890s , numerous physicians — including the prominent Mitchell — wrote about the peculiar susceptibility of these emergent professional classes of “ brain workers ” to the depletion of nerve force and a host of similar ailments . [ 14 ]
Nervous fragility was a side - effect of powerful , fast - paced processes of cognition that , attempting to keep up with the demands of modern life , placed too much strain on the body .
Flint contextualizes the late century medical interest in hallucination by noting its relationship to “ anxieties about increasing amounts of psychological disturbance and nervous disorders [ that ] were growing in circulation ” ( 264 ) .
Hammack , contextualizing fiction of the period , notes that “ ‘ brain drain , ’ or the depletion of nervous energy through excessive cerebration , was often viewed as a potential determinant of chemical dependency ” among overworked professionals such as doctors and writers ( 87 ) .
Neurasthenia , neuralgia , and other nerve disorders were conditions for which doctors routinely prescribed hypodermic morphine , creating the scandal of iatrogenic , or physician - caused addiction in the 1870s and 1880s . [ 15 ]
How would hallucinogens , introduced to the reading public in the 1890s , fit into this readymade context ?
Never widely produced or prescribed in the nineteenth century , hallucinogens did not generally raise substantive concerns about addiction ; nevertheless , ideas about neurasthenia and hallucinogens intersected in a significant way .
Briggs ’ and Mitchell ’s descriptions of frightening debilitation as the result of their experimentation with peyote fit neatly within the neurasthenic model of physical unfitness to withstand extended , dazzling visions .
“ It seemed to me my heart was simply running away with itself , and it was with considerable difficulty I could breathe air enough to keep me alive , ” wrote Briggs ( 277 ; original emphasis ) .
Mitchell complained of “ megrims , ” also known as migraines ; “ For two days I had a headache , and for one day a smart attack of gastric distress .
This came after the first dose , and was most uncomfortable .
The experience , however , was worth one such headache and indigestion , but not worth a second ” ( “ Remarks ” 1627 ) .
Similarly , one of Ellis ’ subjects who had taken too large a dose had an unfavorable reaction : “ paroxysmal attacks of pain at the heart and a sense of imminent death ” ( “ Mescal ” 134 ) . [ 16 ]
Such accounts describe sensations of pain , panic , and nervousness common to neuralgia and neurasthenia ; they render a picture of the hallucinogenic subject as too highly strung to gain the benefit of the visions .
D. W. Prentiss and Francis P. Morgan suggested that some of the effects of “ muscular depression ” their subjects felt were owing to mescaline ’s “ depression of the nervous system , ” and they couched this speculation in the language of “ nerve- centres , ” “ peripheral nerves , ” “ nerve endings , ” and “ nervous effects ” common to neurasthenic discourse ( 584 ) .
Such accounts suggest that , although the white , masculine , bourgeois mind is eminently suited to hallucinogenic use , its self - observation , and analysis , the body may be unequal to these tasks .
Medical writers engaged in comparative racial speculation to explain this white discomfort with hallucinogens .
Prentiss and Morgan , noting that their implicitly white test subjects took only three to seven peyote buttons , whereas the Kiowa normally took between ten and twelve during one ceremony , wrote , “ This difference in susceptibility is undoubtedly due to the tolerance for the drug which has arisen in the Indian as the result of both his own habitual use , and of the hereditary influence received by him from his progenitors ” ( 580 ) .
Tolerance by itself was not a sufficient explanation for the Kiowas ’ greater capacity : an inherent racial difference construed them as more robust creatures for hallucinogenic experience than whites .
The white constitution and nervous system might be too delicate to process the visual information peyote transmitted to the Kiowa , Tarahumari , and other Native American peoples .
Mooney ’s accounts of Kiowa peyote ceremonies struck a similar note : I have seen a tottering old man , who had been a priest of the ceremony for half a century , led into the tipi by the hand like a child , eat his four peyote [ buttons ] , and then take the rattle and sing the song in a clear voice , and repeat it as often as his turn came until morning , when he came out with the rest , so little fatigued that he was able to sit down and answer intelligently all the questions I asked .
Imagine a white man of eighty years of age sitting up in a constrained position , without sleep , all night long and nearly all morning , and then being in condition to be interviewed .
176 Characteristically more sympathetic to the Kiowa and keen to dignify their use of peyote as religious rather than superstitious , Mooney ’s account is nevertheless amenable to the racist calculation I have been describing .
His contention that an elderly white man would have been too weak to participate in the ceremony contributes to the discourse of cultivated , white physical delicacy characteristic of modern nervousness .
Yet his account also contains an unconscious irony : it is unimaginable that an elderly white could sit up all night , and then be interviewed by an ethnologist , not merely because he is less hardy than his more robust Native American counterpart , but also because the very idea that he could serve as an anthropological object to be interviewed , requires a total reversal of the epistemic order and the imperial framework supporting it .
Within this order , people of color served as the material of imperial scientific investigation ; whites functioned as its optic .
The comparative racial dimension of hallucinogenic discourse thus worked obliquely , to conjure whiteness as the preserve of intellect and knowledge production .
Just as a nervous physique suited the idea of whiteness as a powerful but delicate lens , so it unsuited whites to play the role of inert physical material to be studied .
If , as in Lewin ’s account , hallucinogens raised Native Americans from their mental sluggishness to the perceptual level of Europeans , might it not then also elevate Europeans ’ perceptive and perhaps even cognitive abilities ?
This was the tantalizing possibility raised by several writers , who reported surges of mental energy and euphoria : Mitchell , for one , “ had a decisive impression that I was more competent in mind than in my every - day moods .
I seemed to be sure of victoriously dealing with problems ” ( “ Remarks ” 1626 ) .
Peyote gave Ellis “ a certain consciousness of unusual energy and intellectual power ” ( ” A Note ” 1541 ) .
One of Ellis ’ subjects reported , “ [ M ] y mind remained not only perfectly clear , but enjoyed , I believe , an unusual lucidity ” ( Ellis , “ Mescal ” 136 ) .
Prentiss and Morgan ’s first test subject reported exactly the same qualities , easily recording his visions and his own ability to manipulate them .
Lumholtz also described the sensation of power , quite the opposite of enervation : “ Not only does it do away with all exhaustion , but one feels actually pushed on , as I can testify from personal experience ” ( 358 ) .
Indeed , Lumholtz ’s experience even makes peyote — referred to as hikuli by the Tarahumari with whom he took it — sound like a stimulant rather than a hallucinogen : “ I drank only a small cupful , but felt the effect in a few minutes .
First it made me wide awake , and acted as an excitant to the nerves , similar to coffee , but much more powerful ” ( 375 ) . [ 17 ]
Mooney notes that without taking peyote , he was barely able to withstand the rigors of the all - night ceremony ; under its influence , however , he is equal to his documentary labor , “ able to take note of all that occurred throughout the night , coming out in the morning as fresh as at the start to make pictures of the men ” ( 177 ) .
Here , peyote actually assists the imperial labor of knowledge production as Mooney , boosted by the drug , efficiently photographs the Kiowa .
These writers reported their experiences before the modern categorization of drugs as stimulants , narcotics , and hallucinogens had been established , and while nascent theories of addiction were still forming .
If peyote could stimulate the nerves , offering alertness , intellectual confidence , energy , and mental acceleration , it would be the middle - class neurasthenic worker ’s ideal drug , helping him through his brain work .
With mental rather than purely sensory or physical benefits , hallucinogens began to seem like the professional intellectual ’s perfect drug .
Occasionally the fantasy of intellectual power made the body seem irrelevant , so that it figuratively disappeared as the hallucinator luxuriated in his own mental mastery .
When the body vanishes , the intellect triumphs : “ [ I ] did not feel my physical self ; an ever - increasing feeling of dissolution set in .
I was seized with passionate curiosity , great things were about to be unveiled before me .
I would perceive the essence of all things , the problems of creation would be unraveled .
I was dematerialized ” ( Beringer , qtd. in Lewin 87 ) .
Here , the white masculine body disappears in the abstract invocation of mental conquest .
Kurt Beringer ’s prose here , like the other claims of enhanced mental prowess , performs a compensatory fantasy of white intellectual transcendence under the influence of peyote and mescaline .
Such claims were part of the genealogy of Hammack ’s chemical intellectual ; for example , the protagonist of Joseph Sheridan Le Fanu ’s short story “ Green Tea ” worries that scholars such as himself might “ grow too abstracted , and the mind , as it were , pass out of the body , unless it were reminded often of the connexion by actual sensation ” ( 249 ) .
In Le Fanu ’s gothic tale , green tea serves as the reminder that Jennings cannot actually transcend his physical coordinates , by making him compulsively hallucinate a monkey that will not retire into the unseen reservoir from which he calls it .
What yokes these and other fantasies of disembodiment , however , is a common desire for intellectual power , linked to the consumption of an obscure substance or drug that eases the mental labor of study and contemplation .
At the fin - de - siècle , cultural attitudes to race propped up this fantasy .
For example , Ellis explains mescaline ’s intellectual nature through a comparison to Asian opium use : “ The mescal drinker remains calm and collected amid the sensory turmoil around him ; his judgment is as clear as in the normal state ; he falls into no Oriental condition of vague and voluptuous reverie ” ( “ Mescal ” 141 ) .
By the fin - de - siècle , British and American readers were familiar with popular images of Chinese opium smokers lounging vacantly in “ dens . ” [ 18 ]
Opium had been associated with hallucination since De Quincey ’s Confessions , and it retained its Orientalized glamour , but at the fin - de - siècle , it increasingly signified a whiteness coarsened by the sensual indulgence implicit in proximity to Asian bodies and concomitant on incorporation of an Asian substance .
Mescaline , by contrast , was for Ellis and others an intellectual drug , and one of power and competence rather than the corporeal mire of leisure .
In this way , it reinforced the whiteness of pure mind .
Overview
Nanojit is a small , cross - platform C++ library that emits machine code .
Both the Tamarin JIT and the SpiderMonkey JIT ( a.k.a. TraceMonkey ) use Nanojit as their back end .
You can get Nanojit by cloning the tamarin - redux Mercurial repository at http://hg.mozilla.org/tamarin-redux.
It 's in the nanojit directory .
The input for Nanojit is a stream of Nanojit LIR instructions .
The term LIR is compiler jargon for a language used internally in a compiler that is usually cross - platform but very close to machine language .
It is an acronym for " low - level intermediate representation " .
A compiler 's LIR is typically one of several partly - compiled representations of a program that a compiler produces on the way from raw source code to machine code .
An application using Nanojit creates a nanojit : : LirBuffer object to hold LIR instructions .
It creates a nanojit : : LirBufWriter object to write instructions to the buffer .
Then it wraps the LirBufWriter in zero or more other LirWriter objects , all of which implement the same interface as LirBufWriter .
This chain of LirWriter objects forms a pipeline for the instructions to pass through .
Each LirWriter can perform an optimization or other task on the program as it passes through the system and into the LirBuffer .
Once the instructions are in the LirBuffer , the application calls nanojit : : compile ( ) to produce machine code , which is stored in a nanojit : : Fragment .
Internally to Nanojit , another set of filters operates on the LIR as it passes from the LirBuffer toward the assembler .
The result of compilation is a function that the application can call from C via a pointer to the first instruction .
Example
The following code works with SpiderMonkey 's hacked version of Nanojit .
Figuring out how to compile it is left as an exercise for the reader ; the following works when run in the object directory of an -- enable - debug SpiderMonkey shell :
g++ -DDEBUG - g3 - Wno - invalid - offsetof - fno- rtti - include js- confdefs .h - I dist / include / - I.. - I ../ nanojit -o jittest ../jittest.cpp libjs_static.a
Note : Remove the - DDEBUG if you have not compiled SpiderMonkey with -- enable - debug , and use whatever you called the sample source file in place of jittest.cpp .
#include < stdio.h > # include < stdint.h> # include " jsapi.h " # include " jstracer.h " # include " nanojit.h " using namespace nanojit ; const uint32_t CACHE_SIZE_LOG2 = 20 ; static avmplus : : GC gc = avmplus:: GC ( ) ; static avmplus :: AvmCore core = avmplus :: AvmCore ( ) ; int main ( ) { LogControl lc ; #ifdef DEBUG lc.lcbits = LC_ReadLIR | LC_Assembly ; #else lc.lcbits = 0 ; #endif //
Set up the basic Nanojit objects .
Allocator * alloc = new VMAllocator ( ) ; CodeAlloc * codeAlloc = new CodeAlloc( ) ; Assembler * assm = new ( &gc ) Assembler ( * codeAlloc , * alloc , &core , &lc ) ; Fragmento * fragmento = new ( &gc ) Fragmento ( &core , &lc , CACHE_SIZE_LOG2 , codeAlloc ) ; LirBuffer * buf = new ( * alloc ) LirBuffer ( * alloc ) ; #ifdef DEBUG fragmento -> labels = new ( * alloc ) LabelMap ( * alloc , &lc ) ; buf -> names = new ( * alloc ) LirNameMap ( * alloc , fragmento -> labels ) ; #endif // Create a Fragment to hold some native code .
Fragment *f = fragmento-> getAnchor ( ( void *) 0xdeadbeef ) ; f-> lirbuf = buf ; f->root = f ; // Create a LIR writer LirBufWriter out ( buf ) ; //
Write a few LIR instructions to the buffer : add the first parameter // to the constant 2. out .
ins0 ( LIR_start ) ; LIns * two = out.ins Imm( 2 ) ; LIns * firstParam = out.insParam(0 , 0 ) ; LIns * result = out .
ins2( LIR_add , firstParam , two ) ; out .ins1( LIR_ret , result ) ; // Emit a LIR_loop instruction .
It wo n't be reached , but there 's // an assertion in Nanojit that trips if a fragment does n't end with // a guard ( a bug in Nanojit ) .
LIns * rec_ins = out.insSkip(sizeof( GuardRecord ) + sizeof ( SideExit ) ) ; GuardRecord * guard = ( GuardRecord *) rec_ins -> payload ( ) ; memset ( guard , 0 , sizeof ( * guard ) ) ; SideExit * exit = ( SideExit *) ( guard + 1 ) ; guard -> exit = exit ; guard -> exit -> target = f ; f->lastIns = out.insGuard( LIR_loop , out.insImm( 1 ) , rec_ins ) ; // Compile the fragment .
compile ( assm , f , * alloc verbose_only ( , fragmento -> labels ) ) ; if ( assm - > error ( ) !=
None ) { fprintf ( stderr , " error compiling fragment
" ) ; return 1 ; } printf ( " Compilation successful .
" ) ; // Call the compiled function .
typedef JS_FASTCALL int32_t ( * AddTwoFn ) ( int32_t ) ; AddTwoFn fn = reinterpret_cast < AddTwoFn>( f-> code ( ) ) ; printf ( " 2 + 5 = %d
" , fn( 5 ) ) ; return 0 ; }
Code Explanation
Interesting part are the lines 46 - 50 :
// Write a few LIR instructions to the buffer : add the first parameter // to the constant 2. out .
ins0 ( LIR_start ) ; LIns * two = out.ins Imm( 2 ) ; LIns * firstParam = out.insParam(0 , 0 ) ; LIns * result = out .
ins2( LIR_add , firstParam , two ) ; out .
ins1( LIR_ret , result ) ;
Basically , what the code provided above is doing is feeding raw LIR into the LIR Buffer , using the LIRWriter 's writer object .
From an operational point of view , it is creating a function , which takes an integer input , and adds it to two , and outputs the result .
The function is created here on lines 57 - 69 :
// Compile the fragment .
compile ( assm , f , * alloc verbose_only ( , fragmento -> labels ) ) ; if ( assm - > error ( ) !=
None ) { fprintf ( stderr , " error compiling fragment
" ) ; return 1 ; } printf ( " Compilation successful .
" ) ; // Call the compiled function .
typedef JS_FASTCALL int32_t ( * AddTwoFn ) ( int32_t ) ; AddTwoFn fn = reinterpret_cast < addtwofn >( f-> code ( ) ) ; printf ( " 2 + 5 = %d
" , fn( 5 ) ) ; return 0;</addtwofn >
This upper half of this snippet includes code where the raw LIR is first converted into machine code . ( where compile ( fragmento -> assm ( ) , f ) ; is called basically ) .
Then a pointer to a function is used , which takes an int as input and returns the sum of that parameter with two .
( typedef JS_FASTCALL int32_t ( * AddTwoFn ) ( int32_t ) ; )
Then , printf is hardcoded to call it with a parameter 5 , and on linking with nanojit library , the following program will display
2+5=7
Now , what I need to do is generate output for this :
start two = int 2 twoPlusTwo = add two , two ret twoPlusTwo
This adds two and two in the most hardcoded way possible .
The conversion from LIR to a program like one shown above is the task of the parser .
Guards
Guards are special LIR instructions , similar to conditional branches , with the difference that when they are called , instead of going to a particular address , they leave the JIT code entirely , and stop the trace .
Need
Guards are required in a cross platform dynamic language like JavaScript .
Certain assumptions are made when a particular JIT code is generated .
For example , in an instruction INR x , a guard would check that x does n't overflow the range for a 32 bit integer .
The JIT code would have a guard checking this condition ( an xt guard ) , and would return to the interpreter if the condition turns out to be true .
The interpreter is then equipped to handle the overflow .
Hence , guards are needed to prevent certain erroneous behaviour that might result from the assumptions that are generally made while JIT is generated .
Abstraction for the rest of us
Millions of web developers , from those just starting out with sparkling ampersands in their eyes to hardened veterans with ‘ ’ burned to the back of their retinas , have found a love for PHP and its possibilities but still talk in hushed whispers about the mystery and intrigue of Object Oriented Programming ( OOP ) in PHP .
This tutorial aims to remove some of the curly - brace - filled haze that often surrounds OOP and by the end of this lesson you will have created a class , instantiated an object , given inheritance to some children and come to understand why OOP is such a powerful tool to have at your disposal .
If you have no idea what any of the above means but are shaking with a desire to find out , read on as we look at Abstraction for the rest of us .
What is OOP and why would I use it ?
OOP is the process of abstracting ( removing and isolating ) variables and the actions required to manipulate them .
By grouping the code together in a logical manner you are able to create objects – self contained areas of code that will perform the necessary actions allowing you to deal with results separately to the actions that generate them .
Using the Procedural Approach ( the name given to a program that runs from top to bottom following a designated procedure ) , if you wanted to write a script in which you kick a ball and find out where it lands , you would need to create variables ( or an array ) for the ball , its position , the speed it was kicked etc . .
You would then need to write the functions that process these variables and all of this would be included into and / or intermingled with the code that works with outputting or storing results .
In any script that you wanted to kick a ball and see where it lands , the variables would need to be created and the functions to manipulate them would need to be included .
Using the Object Oriented Approach , instead of creating all these variables and functions ( which have no explicit ties to each other ) , you would create a ball object .
The ball object would contain variables pertaining only to it ( properties ) and functions that deal almost exclusively with these properties ( methods ) .
You would not have to worry about including the right functions or the scope of your variables , you would only have to tell the ball what you want it to do -- be kicked -- and ask it what you need to know -- where did you land ?--.
When dealing with the variables of objects , we call them properties as although they behave exactly the same way as variables , they relate specifically to that object .
Similarly , when dealing with objects , functions become methods – objects have methods to access and alter properties
Each time you wanted to perform these actions , it would simply be a matter of creating the ball object and asking it what you want it to do .
This is where the power of OOP starts to emerge , the flexibility of Abstraction .
By grouping the properties and methods together logically , they are isolated and can be included where needed functioning almost like self - contained programs that can be slotted together like blocks of Lego .
OOP allows for flexible , easily expandable and graceful programs .
Okay , how do I do this in PHP ?
To create an object , you first need to create a blueprint for the object .
The blueprint outlines what properties ( variables ) the object should possess and what methods ( functions ) the object should be able to perform .
This blueprint is called a class and is best looked at like a cookie cutter .
A cookie cutter defines the shape of the cookie and can be used to punch out as many cookies as needed .
A class defines the shape of an object and can be used to create as many objects as needed .
DEFINING A CLASS
To create a class in PHP , you use the class keyword and give it a name – similar to way you would declare a function .
The class definition is surrounded by curly braces .
class className { //
Class definition goes here }
BUILDING AN OBJECT
Now that you have a blueprint ( however useless it is in its present form ) you can create an object .
This process is called instantiation .
To instantiate an object it ’s time to use another PHP keyword that you may not have encountered – new .
<? php class className { //
Class definition here } // Instantiate the object $ anObject = new className ; echo ‘ $ anObject is now an object built from the’ , get_class ( $ anObject ) , ‘ class ’ ; ?>
That ’s it !
Obviously this is just the shell but it is all that is required to start building objects .
GIVE YOUR OBJECT SOME IDENTITY
Now it ’s time to get your hands dirty and learn how to build objects with properties and methods .
A common task that performed by PHP is to maintain state for a user as he / she moves around the site , the rest of this tutorial will focus on defining a class that will create ‘ user ’ objects , giving access to and allowing modification of a user ’s preferences .
Start by defining the class :
<? php class myUser { } ?>
A user travelling around your site will have some properties that will change from user to user .
Some of these properties might be :
First & Last Names
User Name ( For use on the site )
Email address
Age
Gender
To add these to your blueprint or class , you specify a Visibility Identifier followed by a normal variable declaration .
What ’s that ?
What the hell is a visibility identifier ?
Good question .
In PHP5 there are some special keywords called visibility identifiers that are used to define the scope a property or method of an object is available to .
Public – declaring a property as public means that it can be accessed inside or outside of an object .
So any function or any other PHP code can read or set the property .
Private –declaring a property or method as private restricts access and only allows that property or method to be accessed inside the object itself .
Protected – declaring a property or method as protected restricts access and only allows that property or method to be accessed from within the object , or within an object that is from a child class ( inheritance and children will be explained below ) .
Static , Abstract and more –
You will see more keywords appearing before properties and methods .
These are n’t visibility identifiers but can be used when declaring a property or method .
Declaring a property or method as static means that you can access that property or method without creating an object first .
It means you can access it straight from the class without having to instantiate an object first .
Abstract classes and methods are beyond the scope of this tutorial but in a nutshell , an abstract class / method defines what methods child classes should implement .
The children can’t actually use that method ; they have to implement it themselves .
The user class now looks like this :
<? php class myUser { public $ firstName ; public $ lastName ; public $ userName ; public $ email ; public $ age ; public $ gender ; } // Instantiate the object $ user = new my User ; ?>
The object in $user now has all of the properties defined in the myUser class .
Knowing that $user has these properties is fine , but you need to be able to access them .
To access a public property of an object you use the following syntax :
$user->firstName ; // $ Variable ->propertyName
Notice that when you want the property name you drop the dollar sign and just write the name .
You can assign a value to a property using the same syntax :
$ user->firstName = ‘ Luciano ’ ;
An object property can hold almost any data type including other objects .
NB : Trying to read or write a private or protected property will result in a fatal error .
GET SOME ACTION – DEFINING METHODS
Now that you know how to get and set the properties of an object , you would be able to populate all the properties with values and access them , but using this technique would mean your object would n’t be anything more than a glorified array .
It is a coding convention – and highly recommended – that you avoid accessing object properties directly , you should instead access and modify object properties using methods written for the task .
These methods are usually referred to as getters and setters .
One method gets the property value and another sets the value .
There are many reasons this practice is preffered including but not limited to :
PHP allows you to create properties on the fly which may lead to bugs in your code .
For example $ user -> firstNam = ‘ Luciano ’ ; would not throw and error , instead it would create a ‘ firstNam ’ property in $user .
Later , when $ user -> firstName ; does n’t return the expected result , it may not be easy to find out why .
would not throw and error , instead it would create a ‘ firstNam ’ property in .
Later , when does n’t return the expected result , it may not be easy to find out why .
Methods allow you to perform checks and tasks on data before assigning it to a property .
Adding an array to the firstName property would not be very useful as people are n’t usually named in arrays .
With methods you can check that the data is what the object expects before changing the property .
The code below shows how to add two methods to your user class .
One will set the firstName of the user and the other will return it you can use it ( eg. Echo it to the screen ) .
As there is now a setter and a getter for the firstName property , the visibility identifier can be changed to private .
<? php class myUser { private $ firstName ; public $ lastName ; public $ userName ; public $ email ; public $ age ; public $ gender ; public function setFirstName ( $name ) { // Check that the data is valid for use as a firstname if ( ctype_alpha ( $ name ) ) { $ this -> firstName = $ name ; return true ; } // Return false if the data is not valid return false ; } function getFirstName ( ) { //
Return the current value of firstName return $ this -> firstName ; } } //Instantiate the user $ user = new my User ; // set the user ’s first name if ( $user->setFirstName ( ‘ Luciano ’ ) ) echo ‘ $user now has the first name ’ , $ user-> getFirstName ( ) ; else //
If the method returns false , something is up echo ‘ That first name is n’t valid ’ ; ?>
There ’s quite a bit happening in the myUser class now so let ’s analyse what ’s going on .
Something obvious is that the only difference between declaring a method and declaring a function is that that a method is declared within a class ’s curly braces .
The example above declares the public visibility identifier on one function but not the other to illustrate that public is the default visibility of methods .
Not declaring an identifier will mean the method is publicly accessible .
function setFirstName ( $name ) defines the method setFirstName that will accept the argument $ name , using a simple check to determine if $ name contains only letters from the alphabet .
If it is alphabetic , $ name will be assigned to the firstName property using the special variable $ this .
$ this refers to the current object instance that is calling the method
$ this ->firstName = $ name ;
is exactly the same as
$ user -> firstName = $ name ;
Anytime you need to refer to the current object calling your method ( in the case above $ user ) , use the $ this special variable – this removes all headaches about how to address a certain object .
The next method is named getFirstName and will return the object ’s current firstName property – again note that we are using the special $ this variable which is really saying “ Return the value of the firstName property for the $ user object ” .
In the code above you have now instantiated the object $user and called ( invoked ) the methods defined .
So invoking a method is the same as calling a function except you preceed it with the variable name and ->
$ user->setFirstName ( ‘ Luciano ’ ) ; //$variable->methodName( $arguments )
ADDING A CONSTRUCTOR
You can now add methods that allow you to set and get all of the properties in a myUser object .
Although this has abstracted the properties and methods , it would be cumbersome to call a method and set every property each time you created an object .
To fix this problem you can define what is known as a constructor method .
In PHP5 , the constructor function is a public method named __construct .
As the name suggests , the constructor helps to build an object .
For your user class , define a constructor method to set all the properties at the same time the object is created .
<? php class myUser { private $ firstName ; private $ lastName ; private $ userName ; private $ email ; private $ age ; private $ gender ; // constructor method , accepts all properties // to be assigned when myUser object is instantiated function __construct ( $ firstName , $ lastName , $ userName , $ email , $ age , $ gender ) { $ this -> firstName = $ firstName ; $ this -> lastName = $ lastName ; $ this ->userName = $ userName ; $ this ->email = $ email ; $ this -> age = $ age ; $ this -> gender = $ gender ; } //……………………………….. further methods } // Instantiate the object using the contructor $ user = new my User (‘ Luciano ’ , ‘ Dinglini ’ , ‘ Rakuli ’ , ‘ rakuli@example.com ’ , 23 , ‘ Male ’ ) ; echo ‘ $user -> firstName was set to ’ , $ user -> getFirstName ( ) , ‘ by a constructor method ’ ; ?>
You will see from the above code that the only change to creating the object is to add the arguments accepted by the myUser constructor method – just like a function call only preceded by the new keyword .
All of the properties are now set when the object is created .
In the example above , the constructor requires all values to be given when invoked .
A user visiting a site might not want to give an email address or their age – you can overcome this by making some or all of the arguments for the constructor optional .
By doing this , you can still create an object but fill the properties with default values until set later with methods .
When a user first arrives at your site , you might instantiate a user object from a constructor method that looks like
function __construct ( $userName = ' Guest ' , $ firstName = '' , $ lastName = '' ) { $ this ->firstName = $ firstName ; $ this ->lastName = $ lastName ; $ this ->userName = $ userName ; }
This would allow set the userName property as ‘ Guest ’ if you did n’t include it when creating the object .
Later , you could set the user name with a method that might be $ user->setUserName(‘ Rakuli ’ ) ;
FLEXING YOUR PROPERTIES
That ’s it !
The basics of OOP in PHP , with what you know now you can create all of the methods for setting and getting your user ’s properties .
The class could now look like this :
<? php class myUser { private $ firstName ; private $ lastName ; private $ userName ; private $ email ; private $ age ; private $ gender ; // my User - constructor method , accepts all properties // to be assigned when object is instantiated function __construct ( $userName = ' Guest ' , $ firstName = false , $ lastName = false ) { // delegate the setting of the properties to the defined methods $ this ->setUserName ( $userName ) ; $ this ->setFirstName ( $ firstName ) ; $ this ->setLastName ( $ lastName ) ; } function setFirstName ( $name ) { // Check that the data is valid for use as a firstname if ( ctype_alpha ( $ name ) ) { $ this -> firstName = $ name ; return true ; } // Return false if the data is not valid return false ; } function setLastName ( $name ) { // Check that the data is valid for use as a lastName //
We 'll let them get away with having 1 hyphen and 1 apostrophe only if ( substr_count ( $name , '-' ) > 1 || substr_count ( $ name , '' ' ) >
1 ) { // Sorry Mr O'reilly - O'brien
I know you may be out there but // I 'm keeping it simple for now return false ; } if ( ctype_alpha ( str_replace ( ' '' , '' , str_replace ( ' -' , '' , $ name ) ) ) ) { $ this -> lastName = $ name ; return true ; } // Return false if the data is not valid return false ; } function setUserName ( $name ) { // Check that the data is valid for use as a userName if ( ctype_alpha ( $ name ) ) { $ this ->userName = $ name ; return true ; } // Return false if the data is not valid return false ; } function setEmail ( $email ) { //
Very simple regex to check email validity if ( preg_match ( " / ^[ a- zA - Z0 - 9 _ . -]+@[ a-zA - Z0 -9- ]+. [ a - zA - Z0 - 9-. ]+$ / " , $ email ) ) { $ this ->email = $ email ; return true ; } // Bad email address return false ; } function setAge ( $age ) { //
We 'll make sure they 're not still in diapers or trying to set a guiness world age records if ( is_numeric ( $age ) &amp ; &amp ; $ age &gt ; 5 &amp ; &amp ; $ age < 120 ) { $ this -> age = ( int ) $ age ; return true ; } // Lying about your age ?
return false ; } function setGender ( $ gender ) { //
Run a quick switch -- allows for a few methods of declaring your gender identity switch ( strtoupper ( $ gender ) ) { case ' MALE ' : case ' M ' : case ' MAN ' : $ this -> gender = ' M ' ; return true ; break ; case ' FEMALE ' : case ' F ' : case ' WOMAN ' : $ this -> gender = ' F ' ; return true ; break ; } // Gender remains ambiguous return false ; } function getFirstName ( ) { //
Return the current value of firstName return $ this -> firstName ; } function getLastName ( ) { return $ this -> lastName ; } function getUserName ( ) { return $ this ->userName ; } function getEmail ( ) { return $ this -> email ; } function getAge ( ) { return $ this -> age ; } function getGender ( ) { return $ this -> gender ; } } ? >
I can hear you saying now – but this is still only an array that validates data types it allows me to store and retrieve data but I ca n’t do anything with it .
In its present form ?
Yes , but now you can get creative and start defining methods utilising the variables .
Try creating a method to say hello to your user :
/ This method will return a welcome message for the user function helloUser ( ) { $ message = ' '; $ message .= ' Hello ' .
$ this->userName ; //
If userName was n’t given , this will show ‘ Guest ’ //
If we have first and last names , we 'll show those in brackets if ( $ this -> firstName || $ this -> lastName ) $ message .= ' < span style = " font - size : xx- small ; " >(' .
( $ this ->firstName ? $ this ->;firstName : '' ) .
( $ this ->lastName ? ' ' . $ this ->lastName : '' ) . ') </ span >' ; $ message .= ' '; //
Make a remark about their age ?
if ( $ this ->age ) $ message .= '
It 's nice to have a ' .
$ this -> age . ' year old on this site ! '; // return the message return $ message ; }
Now you can see that this method will deal with the context for you .
It will display a nice hello and also the user ’s real name -- but only if it ’s set .
This is the Abstraction that OOP allows .
Once you have created this class all you ever have to worry about is $ user -> helloUser ( ) and you will be returned a result without having to worry what ’s going on in the object .
Using the ball analogy from earlier , you do n’t have to worry about what ’s affecting it , you just kick it and it ’ll see where it lands – how it gets there is for the ball to sort out .
Now that you have the basics of OOP down you can build objects and work with the properties in any way you like and the beauty is that when you want the result , you never have to do more than $ user -> askForIt ( )
PASS THE OBJECT TO YOUR LEFT
Now that you can define classes , build objects and work with the object ’s methods you may wonder how you would go about maintaining state as promised above .
You can do this using two of PHP ’s most useful functions .
serialize ( ) and unserialize ( )
After instantiating an object and working with the methods to flesh out its properties , you can pass the object through serialize to convert the object – and all of its properties -- to a string .
This is nothing more than a normal string that you can pass it from page to page with $ _SESSION or even store in a database .
When you want to use the object again , you can revive it using unserialize .
PHP5 also has a couple of special methods that you can define that will be run when you serialize and unserialize objects .
__sleep –
When you serialize an object , __sleep will be run on your object .
You can use it to clean up properties or data that does n’t need to persist .
For example , you might disconnect from a database or release resource handles .
– When you serialize an object , __sleep will be run on your object .
You can use it to clean up properties or data that does n’t need to persist .
For example , you might disconnect from a database or release resource handles .
__wakeup –
When you unserialize an object ( or wake it up as it may be ) , you can use this function to restore properties or data lost when sleeping .
You may reconnect to a database or grab hold of those resource handles again .
NB : In order to unserialize an object , you must have the class that it was created from included or defined in the current script .
This is achieved by simply creating your class in a separate . php file that can be included when needed .
IT RUNS IN THE FAMILY
Inheritance is one of the most powerful philosophies of Object Oriented Programming .
The ideological roots are founded in the evolution of the human race .
When a child is born , it inherits various features ( properties ) and behaviours ( methods ) from its parent .
It is n’t a carbon copy of the parent though .
It may behave slightly differently and will have some different features .
This child may then have children of its own , with features and behavior slightly different again .
In OOP , the premise is exactly the same .
There are parent classes , these can then be extended by child classes .
The child class inherits most of the properties and methods from the parent but can also re-declare them so they behave differently to the parent .
The concept can be quite obscure initially so an example may be best .
Take your myUser class and change the declared properties to protected .
( Remember that protected properties can be accessed within an object instance and also within child object instances . )
It ’s now time to create a child class that will extend the parent class :
<? php class myChildUser extends myUser { // myChildUser extends myUser so there is no need to declare // all the properties again , just declare properties that are unique to the child class private $ petsName ; private $ twitterName ; // Child constructor will also call parent constructor function __construct ( $ petsName , $ twitterName , $ firstName , $ lastName , $ userName , $ email , $ age , $ gender ) { $ this - &gt ; petsName = $ petsName ; $ this - &gt ; twitterName = $ twitterName ; //use the parent constructor to set the remaining properties parent ::__construct ( $ firstName , $ lastName , $ userName , $ email , $ age , $ gender ) ; } // override the getLastName function to return pet name instead ( sneaky ) function getLastName ( ) { return $ this - &gt;petsName ; } //……………………………….. further methods } // Instantiate the child object $ user = new myChildUser (‘ Luciano ’ , ‘ Dinglini ’ , ‘ Rakuli ’ , ‘ rakuli@example.com ’ , 23 , ‘ Male ’ ) ; echo ‘ $user -> firstName was set to ’ , $ user -> getFirstName ( ) , ‘ by even though the logic to do so is not in this class ’ ; ?>
On initial inspection , this class looks just like the others that have been created so far but the differences are important to note .
The first is the way the class is declared .
The declaration is normal at first you will notice that there is the additional extends myUser .
The keyword extends means that this class extends ( or inherits properties and methods from ) the class myUser .
So without anything more than this class declaration and some curly braces , you would have a full working class that does everything the parent myUser class does .
A child class that simply mimics its parent is n’t entirely useful though .
The next part in this class declaration defines some properties that are private to the child .
$ petsName and $ twitterName will only be available to instances of myChildUser .
These properties will not be available in instances of the parent class .
You ’re probably wondering what the deal is with the next part of the class declaration .
Normally , PHP does not allow two functions to have the same name but myChildUser is declaring __construct after myUser already declared it .
This very powerful concept is known as overriding a parent method .
It allows you to have a child class with identical method names , just different results .
For example , if you were getting the age from myChildObject , you may wish to convert years to months if the child is young enough .
This processing is n’t required by the myUser class because you know all instances are of adults .
The final noteworthy difference from the simple child class above is shown inside the __construct method .
It comes in the form of another PHP keyword parent .
Just like the $ this special variable , parent is only available inside an object instance of a class .
parent allows you to run methods of the parent , including methods that are overridden in the child .
The __construct method in myChildUser runs the parent ::__construct method meaning that the one act of instantiating the myChildUser class , also achieves the effects of instantiating a myUser obj .
Inheritance will be one of the most revolutionary discoveries you will make in programming so I suggest playing with objects and inheritance , trying overrides and multiple generations of inheritance ( where you create a child class of a child class ) to show just how useful the concept is .
Popular PHP frameworks like CakePHP , use inheritance with almost all classes inheriting from one base class .
STATIC ELECTRICITY
One last concept to look at with the possibilities introduced by PHP5 objects is the use of static properties and methods to implement namespaces .
( This is not true namespace support as found in other languages but a means to achieve a similar effect . )
What ’s a namespace you ask ?
Think of a namespace as a library .
The library has a name “ Uptown Public Library ” and inside it there is a book called “ Special Book ” .
One town over , there is a library called “ Downtown Library ” , it also has a book called “ Special Book ” .
Each library has a different edition of the book and they are very different in all but name .
“ Special Book ” from one library would be very different to “ Special Book ” from another .
This is the concept of namespaces .
You can have functions and variables with the same name , except they are part of a different namespace .
Again , this is an abstract idea at first and an example will help .
<? php class namespace1 { static $ val = 1 ; static function method ( ) { return 1 ; } } class namespace2 { static $ val = 2 ; static function method ( ) { return 2 ; } } echo namespace1 : : $val , namespace1 : : method ( ) ; echo namespace2 ::$val , namespace2:: method ( ) ; //
Output will be 1122 ?>
So by defining static properties and methods of classes , you can treat them just like variables and functions in procedural programming .
To access a class ’s static properties and methods you use the class name two colons plus the property or variable name .
classname : : $ staticprop classname::staticmethod ()
You cannot use the parent or $ this keywords inside static properties because they are not attached to an object instance .
Trying to use these keywords will result in a PHP error .
Using classes as namespaces means you can define multiple variables and functions that have the same name .
You can then use them by calling them statically through their class name .
Okay , better recap
So to sum up what we have covered in this basic introduction to OOP .
Why Use It ?
OOP allows you to create individual blocks of self maintained code .
The objects can take care of the processing and context , leaving you to work with the results .
How Do I Use It ?
In PHP you use the class keyword to define the blueprint – or cookie cutter – and fill this class with properties ( using the Visibility Identifiers to define where the property or method can be accessed from ) and methods ( defined just like normal functions ) that your object will contain .
When you ’re ready to create an object , you use the new keyword with your class name .
If you want a method to be invoked when instantiating an object , you define a constructor method using the special __construct method name , you can then pass arguments that will be attached to variables or used for other actions when creating an object .
Another look at a class definition :
<? php class className { //
Although it 's not advisible , I can access and change this property //
Using the following syntax on the variable that holds my object // $ myObject -> property = ' Setting the value ' ; // $ value = $ myObject -> property . ' getting the value ' ; public $ property ; function __construct ( ) { //
This will be run when I create an object // I put the object in a variable using the new keyword // $ myObject = new className ( ) ; } function method ( ) { //
I can use this method with the syntax // $ variable -> method ( ) ; } } ?>
Wo n’t you think of the children ?
You can create a class that extends another , inheriting its properties by using the extends keyword .
Inside of a child class , you can add new properties and methods , as well as overriding methods defined in the parent class .
If you want to access a method found in the parent , you can use the parent keyword to call it .
parent :: methodname ( )
Statically Speaking
Using classes full of static properties and methods gives you a way of grouping data by namespace ( where the name is the name of the class )
Anything Else I Should Know ?
To store your objects as a string to move around in the $ _SESSION superglobal or save to a database you can use the serialize function .
$ string = serialize ( $myObject ) ;
$ myObject = unserialize ( $string ) ;
You need to make sure PHP can find the class definition when using unserialize .
That concludes this quick overview of Abstraction For The Rest of us .
Using the tools above , you should be able to take advantage of the logical programming OOP allows .
Glossary of OOP terms
People with higher measures of cognitive ability are more likely to make good choices in several different types of economic decisions , according to a new study with researchers from the University of Minnesota 's Twin Cities and Morris campuses .
The study , set to be published online in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences this week , was conducted with 1,000 trainee truck drivers at Schneider National , Inc. , an American motor carrier employing 20,000 .
The researchers measured the trainees ' cognitive skills and asked them to make choices in several economic experiments , and then followed them on the job .
People with better cognitive skills , in particular higher IQ , were more willing to take calculated risks and to save their money and made more consistent choices .
They were also more likely to be cooperative in a strategic situation , and exhibited higher " social awareness " in that they more accurately forecasted others ' behavior .
The researchers also tracked how trainees persevered on their new job .
The company paid for the training of those who stayed a year , but those who left early owed thousands in training costs .
The study found that those with the highest level of cognitive ability stayed at twice the rate of those with the lowest .
The finding that individual characteristics that improve economic success -- patience , risk taking and effective social behavior -- all cluster together and are linked through cognitive skill , which could have implications for policy making and education .
" These results could shed light on the causes of differential economic success among individuals and among nations , " said University of Minnesota - Twin Cities economist Aldo Rustichini , a co-author whose theoretical work on cognitive skills is used in the paper .
" It also suggests that the benefit from early childhood education programs not only affects cognitive skills , but extends to more effective economic decision - making , " said study co-author Stephen Burks , the University of Minnesota - Morris economist who organized the project that gathered the data .
White officer indicted in Bellaire shooting denies race bias Indicted officer in shooting denies he 's a racist
Bellaire Police Sgt. Jeff Cotton was indicted in the New Year 's Eve shooting of Robert Tolan .
Bellaire Police Sgt. Jeff Cotton was indicted in the New Year 's Eve shooting of Robert Tolan .
Photo : Harris County Sheriff's Office Photo : Harris County Sheriff's Office Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close
White officer indicted in Bellaire shooting denies race bias 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
The Bellaire police sergeant charged in the shooting of a civilian that raised accusations of racial profiling was shocked by his indictment and maintains that he “ in no way is a racist , ” a spokesman for his lawyer said Tuesday .
A grand jury on Monday indicted Sgt. Jeff Cotton , who is white , in the Dec. 31 shooting of a black man in the driveway of his own home near a vehicle that Cotton mistakenly believed was stolen .
The shooting prompted allegations that Cotton ’s actions were racially motivated and ignited concerns about the treatment of minorities in Bellaire .
Cotton ’s representatives , offering his perspective for the first time Tuesday , said race played no role in the encounter .
“ Sgt. Cotton did what any prudent officer would have done in the same circumstances , ” said David Donahue , an assistant to attorney Paul Aman .
“ This was a split - second decision and he is not a racial profiler . ”
Cotton , 39 , stands charged with first - degree aggravated assault by a public servant .
He turned himself in Monday night and is free on a $ 20,000 bail .
Since 2004 , five local officers have faced charges after incidents ranging from questionable use of a Taser to the fatal shooting of an unarmed teen .
Prosecutors won a conviction against only one , Arthur Carbonneau , who killed 14 - year - old Eli Escobar in November 2003 .
Cotton ’s case will be the first test of new District Attorney Pat Lykos ’ police integrity division .
The prosecutor who led investigations into law officers before Lykos ’ arrival , Joe Owmby , left the office in December .
The incident that led to Cotton ’s indictment began shortly after 2 a.m. Dec. 31 . Robert Tolan , a 23 - year - old former Bellaire High School baseball player who has tried to play professionally , drove toward his parents ’ home after getting off of work at a restaurant .
An officer ran the plates on Tolan ’s Nissan Xterra but pulled up the wrong information , leading him to believe the car was stolen .
Several officers approached Tolan and his cousin as they got out of the SUV , ordering them to the ground .
Tolan ’s family came outside and tried to convince officers of their mistake .
During the exchange , Tolan ’s mother was pushed against a wall .
When Tolan rose to protest , Cotton fired several times , striking him once in the chest .
A grand jury began hearing testimony about the incident last week .
Cotton spoke to them for two hours .
“ He felt positive , ” Donahue said of Cotton .
“ He was quite shocked the grand jury even came up with the conclusion to indict him . ”
Cotton ’s next court appearance is scheduled for April 17 .
The Bellaire Police Department ’s own investigation is ongoing , and Cotton remains suspended with pay .
roma.khanna@chron.com
Some behind the scenes footage from The Expendables courtesy of Ethelmae ’s Blog .
AROUND THE WEB
... but Bob , only a HORRIBLE sadist would pretty up a torture chamber with such a festive curtain !
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
The industrial music project SUTURE was formed in 1994 by Tyson Townsend and Rick Sparks in Anchorage , Alaska .
Their introduction was orchestrated by Sparks ' then - girlfriend who had met Tyson at a music store she worked at and knew the two would hit it off musically .
" Symboljism " is the second release from the duo and the first distributed via CD ( 1995 's 45 - minute " suture " album was initially released only as a demo cassette ) .
The tracks are a mix of original recordings and transmogrified versions of songs from the 1995 cassette , a cover of the song … read more
KHAWAZAKHELA , Pakistan 
A top Pakistani general said Friday that the military had succeeded in clearing two militant strongholds in upper parts of the contested Swat Valley , including this city , and was just a week away from taking over a third .
“ Essentially , at this point in time , we are looking at eliminating the hard - core militants , ” Maj. Gen. Sajjad Ghani , the commanding officer of the military operation in the upper part of Swat , said in a briefing for journalists here .
Khawazakhela is one of the largest cities in Swat , with a population estimated at more than 500,000 .
It has been difficult to verify the accounts of the Pakistani military , since roads leading to the heart of the fighting have been blocked .
On Friday , the military allowed a small group of journalists limited access to the area .
Rahimullah Shaheen , a local journalist , sounded a note of caution , saying that the Taliban who had been forced out of Khawazakhela had simply retreated into the nearby mountains , just a few miles from the city .
One local commander , Shah Doran , still broadcasts on an FM frequency that can be heard in the valley between 9 and 11 p.m .
Utilizing social media , protests can be started and organized in a matter of minutes .
While this usually applies to digital protests ( i.e. Twitter # fixreplies and Facebook 's homepage redesign ) , same - sex marriage activists are harnessing social media 's power to organize multi-city protests across the U.S. in response to today 's ruling on Proposition 8 by the California Supreme Court .
In a nutshell , the California Supreme Court voted not to overturn a 2008 voter referendum that amended the California Constitution to outlaw same - sex marriage .
The ruling has led to an amazingly swift response by opponents of the decision , centered around Day of Decision , an event that intends to rally thousands of people in over 100 cities to demonstrate their support of gay marriage .
And to accomplish their goal , organizers have turned to social media , Facebook , and a wiki to coordinate their efforts .
The Day of Decision protest organization centers around a Wetpaint wiki .
On this wiki , volunteers have put together information for rallies in cities in nearly every state , detailing the who , when , and where of rallies and candlelight vigils that have occurred or will occur today ( Examples : San Francisco , Chicago ) .
The Wetpaint wiki also has a vibrant discussion and an array of photos , literature , and videos available to those interested .
YouTube video , created by the Day of Decision organizers
While Wetpaint may be the organizational center , Facebook is proving the main method of spreading awareness .
There are dozens of Facebook events ( examples : Stanford , San Francisco , New York ) .
San Francisco alone has 1300 + confirmed guests attending a rally later today .
And finally , the Day of Decision movement has a Twitter account as well .
Regardless of your personal beliefs or opinion on Proposition 8 , the quick organization and the viral use of social media that has been on display today is nothing short of impressive .
Social media 's speed and shareability make it an ideal tool for organizers and protesters , no matter what cause they champion .
PRINCETON , NJ --
The decline in Republican Party affiliation among Americans in recent years is well documented , but a Gallup analysis now shows that this movement away from the GOP has occurred among nearly every major demographic subgroup .
Since the first year of George W. Bush 's presidency in 2001 , the Republican Party has maintained its support only among frequent churchgoers , with conservatives and senior citizens showing minimal decline .
So far in 2009 , aggregated Gallup Poll data show the divide on leaned party identification is 53 % Democratic and 39 % Republican -- a marked change from 2001 , when the parties were evenly matched , according to an average of all of that year 's Gallup Polls .
That represents a loss of five points for the Republicans and a gain of eight points for the Democrats .
The parties were also evenly matched on basic party identification in 2001 ( which does not take into account the partisan leanings of independents ) , with 32 % identifying themselves as Republicans , 33 % as Democrats , and 34 % as independents .
The 2009 data show the GOP losing five points since then , with identification increasing three points among both Democrats and independents .
As was shown earlier , the GOP 's loss in leaned support over this time is evident among nearly every subgroup .
The losses are substantial among college graduates , which have shown a decline in GOP support of 10 points .
( The losses are even greater -- 13 points -- among the subset of college graduates with postgraduate educations . )
This may reflect in part Barack Obama 's strong appeal to educated voters , a major component of his winning coalitions in both the Democratic primaries and the general election .
Aside from education , for which the parties were basically at even strength in 2001 , the Republicans ' losses tend to be greater among groups that were not strong GOP supporters to begin with .
These include self - identified liberals and moderates , church non-attenders , and lower - income and young adults .
Thus , a big factor in the GOP 's overall decline is the Democratic Party 's consolidating its support among normally Democratically leaning groups .
In turn , the GOP has generally avoided significant losses among only its most loyal groups , including frequent churchgoers and self - identified conservatives .
The Republican Party maintains majority support among these two groups .
Two exceptions to this general pattern are senior citizens , and racial and ethnic minorities .
Republican support among blacks and the larger group of nonwhites has not changed much in the past eight years , but these groups have shown only very limited support for the Republican Party .
And while Obama 's candidacy seemed to attract young voters to the Democratic Party during the 2008 presidential campaign , it did not have the same effect on older voters .
As a result , the share of older voters aligned with the Republican Party has generally held steady .
Implications
The Republican Party clearly has lost a lot of support since 2001 , the first year of George W. Bush 's administration .
Most of the loss in support actually occurred beginning in 2005 , after Hurricane Katrina and Bush 's nomination of Harriet Miers to the Supreme Court -- both of which created major public relations problems for the administration -- and amid declining support for the Iraq war .
By the end of 2008 , the party had its worst positioning against the Democrats in nearly two decades .
The GOP may have stemmed those losses for now , as it does not appear to have lost any more support since Obama took office .
But as the analysis presented here shows , the losses the GOP has suffered have come among nearly all demographic groups apart from some of the most ardent Republican subgroups .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with 7,139 national adults , aged 18 and older , in Gallup polls conducted January - April 2009 .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±1 percentage point .
Margins of error for subgroups will be larger .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
Child's Play
Friends , we are getting towards the Non-Denominational Holiday Season once again !
That means that Child 's Play , a charity that gives sick kids in hospitals video games and other stuff to do , is ramping up .
There are all kinds of ways you can give , and one of them is to bid on this totally sweet signed Guitar Hero guitar that my friend Mack is auctioning .
It 's for the children !
Information
Filename : team obama.jpg
Size : 870x569
Uploaded : 2009-04-16
Tags
obama
Popular tags on the site
manga giger bier ryushin_14 cat shevington donnamodelo.com invasion rx7 ryushin_15 1999 family chubby avril rwpeuro2006 dubai death_note bonton krystal 1nsane himos yuko rippenspreizer megaten sprites renee emma cheerleader dilbert magic cia glastonbury falco stephy ryushin_09 soepkip ranma fxc ebooks spain jessica ka_series_l comic wallpaper forza hr_giger paintball smashing mariage
Removal
The picture is uploaded by a user of this site .
The site has no responsibility for it .
If this image is illegal , please send an e-mail to abuse ( and put ILLEGAL + URL in the subject ) .
We will not remove any pictures that are just immoral or in any way legal to host under Swedish law .
But then , there are the other curses , the real ones , the ones that are kind of hard to dismiss .
Scoff if you want , but consider ...
Sports players and fans alike are a superstitious bunch .
As a result , every team that 's gone a few years without a title is declared to be under some kind of " curse " or other , despite the fact that , you know , only one team can win it all each year .
6 The San Francisco Giants and the Curse of Coogan 's Bluff
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The Cause :
Once upon a time , the San Francisco Giants baseball team played in New York , at the Polo Grounds ballpark in Harlem , underneath a cliff face known as Coogan 's Bluff .
As one of three baseball teams playing in New York at the time , the Giants decided in 1957 to abandon their crumbling stadium and move to a less stifling ( but more fabulous ! ) city , San Francisco .
The move was very sudden and incensed long time fans in New York who took it as a sign of outright betrayal , forcing them to make an impossible choice : continue rooting for their team that was now 3,000 miles away , or become Mets fans .
As any rational person would do when faced with such a dilemma , Giants fans in New York placed a hex on the team they once loved , dictating that the Giants would never win a World Series again as long as they were based somewhere other than New York City .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The Effect :
When the Giants played at Coogan 's Bluff , they were in the World Series 17 times in 65 years , even making it to the big game four times in a row during the early 20s .
Their win in 1954 added a fifth title to their belts , just three years before deciding to move cities .
That would also be the very last time the Giants won the championship .
To put it in perspective , the last time the Giants touched the Commissioner 's Trophy was the very first time a sporting event was broadcast in color .
Or , for the geeks out there , when Lord of the Rings was first published .
In the 51 years since the pox was placed on the Giants , the team has only managed a pitiful three championship appearances , losing in each one , despite acquiring such historical weapons as Willie Mays and later , the lethal duo of Barry Bonds and illegal steroids .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Still Not Convinced ?
Here 's where it gets weird .
Two of the Giants ' three appearances in the World Series since moving ( 1962 and 1989 ) were delayed by freak acts of nature 's wrath .
Heavy , monsoon - like rains delayed the 1962 championship and a massive earthquake during the 1989 World Series destroyed some of San Francisco , including damaging the Giants ' home field .
From this , we can scientifically deduce that instead of a robe , God wears an " I Heart N.Y . " T - Shirt .
Dear Mr Breakfast ,
Why are some eggs white and others brown ?
- Colleen H .
From The New Dictionary of Cultural Literacy :
lay an egg -
To fail , or to have one 's efforts fall flat : " Jim tried to tell a few jokes , but each time he forgot the punch line and laid an egg . "
Hi Colleen H!Good question .
Now , let me ask you a question :
If you had a baby , what color would it be ?
I 'm not a magician .
I do n't know your ethnicity .
But I can safely assume that your kid is going to have a skin tone similar to your own ( interracial unions aside for the moment ) .
The same is true in the chicken world .
Most of the eggs in your supermarket come from the following breeds of chickens : the White Leghorn , the Rhode Island Red , the New Hampshire , and the Plymouth Rock .
White Leghorn chickens are white and lay white eggs .
Rhode Island Red , New Hampshire and Plymouth Rock chickens are all reddish brown and lay brown or brown - speckled eggs .
and pretend you have a chicken sitting beside you .
Imagine this crazy chicken is kind of an off - white brownish yellow .
You 're no chicken expert and you have no idea what breed you 're looking at .
Here 's the secret to predicting the color of eggs a chicken will lay : .
This is true stuff .
The pigments in the outer layer of the eggshell will always approximate the color of the earlobe of the chicken that laid the egg .
A natural follow - up question would be " " According to the Egg Nutrition Center in Washington , D.C. , the answer is a pretty firm " " .
The color of the shell has nothing to do with egg quality , nutritional value or flavor .
They say the reason brown eggs cost more is because the brown - egg variety of chickens are bigger eaters and cost more to feed .
The cost is then pushed forward to the consumer .
I happen to believe the real reason is that the health food industry is perpetuating the myth that brown eggs are healthier .
There , I said it .
Well Colleen , I hope I answered your question and that I did n't " lay an egg " with my response .
Your pal , Mr Breakfast
Miss California , Carrie Prejean , cites the Bible " every chance she gets " to explain why she 's against gay marriage , said The Hollywood Gossip .
So it 's surprising to learn that she 's so unhappy with " how God made her " that she had breast implants — paid for by the Miss California Organization — just six weeks before the Miss USA competition .
“ The fact that Carrie Prejean got breast implants is not newsworthy , ” said Feminsting.com , but the fact that the Miss California Organization paid for them is .
“ It shows that pageants are n't about highlighting women as they are or for their talents , ” but only “ to make spectacle of a specific type of femininity . ”
“ Let ’s not be naïve , ” said Jessica Wakeman in The Frisky .
Breast implants “ are n’t exactly taboo in pageant - land . ”
The line between what 's real and what 's fake gets blurry in a “ pageant subculture where women hairspray their legs and wipe Vaseline on their teeth to look extra shiny . ”
Guide to Online Privacy
The free Internet that many of us loved has become a surveillance web , serving governments and mega-corps , while abusing the rest of us .
For those whose eyes are opening to this sad fact , we have assembled this guide .
Download : Guide
Electronic Police State 2011
This is our third and final Electronic Police State Report . [...]
Download : Report .
EPS - 2011.pdf
Electronic Police State 2010
The United States , with the UK and France close behind , have now caught up with Russia and are gaining on China , North Korea and Belarus . [... ] A national ranking .
Download : Report
Electronic Police State 2008/2009
Most of us are aware that our governments monitor nearly every form of electronic communication .
We are also aware of private companies doing the same [... ] A national ranking .
Download : Report
Make product changes once
List a product once and it will be published across all of your connected sales channels .
Similarly , when you make changes to your listing – such as updating a photo , title , price etc , Zibbet automatically pushes those changes everywhere .
You only need to do it once .
THE DREAM YOU HOLD -- What We Will Lose , No Matter What
Four Metaphors for Books , Offered as Aid to the New Electronic BookbindersWHAT WE WILL LOSE , NO MATTER WHATI have this terrible fear .
After we have scanned every book ever written and done the difficult work of sustaining literary production without killing writers off , creating a vast and powerful electronic publishing industry that ensures that fiction writers still get paid for their craft and are still able to eat , breed , and live " normal " lives , we suddenly do n't know what to do with all those leftover paper books that no one reads anymore .
Let 's say we create twenty new powerful electronic publishing houses , all fighting to make beautiful illuminated electronic products , possessed by the same demons that overtook the Celtic monks and Arabic stylists , turning words into living magic that dash across imaginations like hot sauce instead of growing dry and diseased like cast - off onion skins in a refrigerator crisper .
In this perfect future , cutting down trees to create paper is considered tasteless and crass , and properly - raised children find the very sight of paper books to be barbaric in the same way that we might instinctively be revolted by a throne made of human bones in the cave of a primitive cannibal warlord .
These children of the future no longer associate the sharp smell of spicy mildew and the crinkle of parchment with their first , teetering journeys into their own psyches .
Now , new readers are cradled into fiction by the glow of a flashing screen that illumines with the pizzazz of a sly cartoon cat instead of droning on like a musty , loveless pedant .
On their deathbeds , people of the future are comforted by the hum of an electronic sphincter that reads them their last stories out loud as their oxygen tank pules and wheezes at their side .
Some antiquarians still find old paper books to be a peculiar curiosity and demand their preservation , but slowly these antiques fall apart and are chewed into tatters by time until there are only enough paper books left to fill a small library .
All the books that are left in the world -- a motley collection of instructional manuals , Korans , and a few leather - bound bestsellers from the 20th century , ( vellum - pressed , custom - made personal copies of Roth , King , Pynchon , Rowling , and Rand ) -- are sequestered in a climate - controlled bunker in the Vatican .
Yet , despite all efforts , one day there is a mysterious fire , and even these books disappear .
No one is much concerned .
We have scanned all these texts a hundred times over and they can be perfectly replicated at will in instapresses which are themselves archaic .
The scans are mirrored in databases all over the world , and access to the world 's library is as simple as moving over to a wallscreen and touching it with a finger to make it come alive .
If you want a space book or space sandwich , you just ride your space bike to the space store and give them space money .
And yet , the books are gone .
The paper chronicle of the human condition has been replaced by an electronic database .
But here 's my fear .
What if one day a zealot rises to power , a zealot with a hunger for world domination that aches to refashion the human animal into a shape of her own choosing ?
It 's happened before ; it will happen again .
What if the first step this zealot takes to gain control is to demolish history by finding all the books out there in the virtual world and deleting them ?
No matter how technologically advanced we are , on that day that we will experience apocalypse .
Or maybe the zealot is smarter than that .
Maybe the zealot just inserts passages into every old book to prop up her rule .
Maybe the zealot just deletes religious books , or books written about armed dissent .
Maybe the zealot just deletes books that are critical to the new economic system that the zealot proposes .
Once , when all books were paper , this would have been impossible .
But now a sufficiently ruthless person would have a fighting chance at destroying or distorting all literature forever : at using the tools of tomorrow to erase yesterday .
Point is , it 's hard to burn every paper book .
You can fucking try , but killing every paper book is like killing every person : they tend to breed while you are trying to round them up .
But ebooks can all be deleted with nothing but a few simple programs that scan collected data and then prune it by command .
Burning books requires people to light the fires ; a program to destroy data will not have to overcome its conscience to accomplish its goals .
The only successful genocides in human history have all been carried out by virus .
Anyway , it 's just a fear .
Fear do n't mean much .*** What else will we lose when books are gone ?
We 'll lose the smells , sounds , and fetishes of an experience .
We 'll lose bloodstained pages and chocolate whirl fingerprints that mark mystery in the margins of hand - me down thrillers .
We 'll lose falling asleep with a paperback open on your chest on a dead Sunday afternoon , where the lipid light is too weak for anything but reading , slumbering , or staring at a ceiling fan -- all three activities finally bleeding together into one throbbing haze .
We 'll lose libraries and bookstores : huge rooms full of books stacked up so high you need a ladder to reach the top , partititions creating labyrinths out of the guts of human experience , rooms that swallow you whole and mesmerize you with the endless possibilities , humbling you , showing you the vastness of your ignorance and the circumscribed limits of attainable human knowledge .
We 'll lose books being next to other books .
No longer will you be able to tilt your head sideways and let your eyes crawl down the spines of a new lover 's book collection while they remain asleep after your night of drunken mistakes .
No longer can you thumb through their cherished volumes to see what sort of person you have seduced and what their tastes might be .
We 'll lose cheap paperbacks found in the gutter , the pages fanned out like frizzy hair , pages loopy with crude drawings and cryptic suggestions .
We 'll lose the mystery of the found object , the unintentional pick - up , the unrecommended find .
We 'll lose reading in the bathtub , that fine little glory , where you drag a book that you do n't care about with you into the steam , rolling back the cover and turning the pages with one hand that you keep dry while sipping a cold beer with one hand that you keep wet .
We 'll lose the furniture of books : books stacked up on coffee tables , books along walls , books filling every available surface like unstamped plates moving along an assembly line that crawls along too slow to see , an assembly line where the press is your mind , and the order of what 's on deck changes with whim and taste .
We 'll lose the draw of size and the draw of lightness .
With an ebook , it 's much harder to select a book based on length or weight .
It is more difficult to peruse your shelves , looking for something immense that will last all week and become leftovers , or something bite - sized that you can devour between meals .
Ebooks do n't carry the same physical information that shapes text the way paper books do .
Ebooks are all literally insubstantial .
We 'll lose ownership of books .
Never again will you get to have an exclusive book that only you know about , nor will you get the thrill of peppering your library with odd choices that bemuse and bedazzle .
We 'll lose the urge to collect .
No longer will people sedulously scour bookshops for missing gems for their personal libraries .
No longer will people discover new books while searching for hard - to - find rarities .
Instant gratification will result in dull , flabby minds that do not stretch toward the new .
We 'll lose the drama of a ripping page .
We 'll lose the " thup " noise when you crack a paperback open and the spine adjusts in your hands like a mastered pet .
We 'll lose the fear of fire .
We 'll lose the soul of a beautiful thing that has stood by us for thousands of years , better friends than any dog or god .*** We 'll have to work so hard to make a soul for this new thing .
Harder than artists have worked in a long time .
But it can be done .
It will take magic , pain , sacrifice , and horror .
It will take corruption and brutality to fertilize the dry roots of this arid medium .
But it will be worth it .
We stand to gain immense treasures from the universal adoption and ensoulment of ebooks .
If we remember what books do , and we make sure to put ebooks to the same hidden tasks , we will be able to pass on the light of stories from the printed page into the glowing box .
It wo n't be easy .
It will be like making something beautiful out of automobiles while surrounded by horses .
But if we are smart and wise and we work hard enough , we will find one day that we have carried the past to the future , and that the voice that winds through time is singing its pain again on the leaves in our hands .
If we win this fight , we will still get to hold our dreams in our hands , and even our nightmares will applaud us .
Enlarge By H. Darr Beiser , USA TODAY Inauguration concert : Pete Seeger and Bruce Springsteen perform This Land Is Your Landat the Lincoln Memorial in January .
NEW BOOKS SOUND OUT THE 'PROTEST SINGER ' NEW BOOKS SOUND OUT THE 'PROTEST SINGER '
Pete Seeger has revised his 1993 autobiography , Where Have All the Flowers Gone , to be released in the fall .
Meanwhile , he 's a subject of three new books and an updated biography .
Three are admiring ; one is not .
USA TODAY 's Bob Minzesheimer takes a look .
The Protest Singer : An Intimate Portrait of Pete Seeger by Alec Wilkinson ( Knopf , $ 22 ) is a loving profile , told mostly through Seeger 's storytelling .
" Too much has been written about me , at too great length , " Seeger told Wilkinson .
" What 's needed is a book that can be read in one sitting . "
This is that book , supplemented with a 27 - page transcript of Seeger 's 1955 testimony to the House Un- American Activities Committee , a fascinating slice of Cold War history .
" To Everything There is a Season " : Pete Seeger and the Power of Song by Allan M. Winkler ( Oxford University Press , $ 23.95 ) is by a historian at Miami University in Ohio who not coincidentally plays the guitar .
Winkler weaves his interviews with Seeger with background from previously published works .
He does n't break new ground but does justice to Seeger 's songs and his wife of 66 years , Toshi .
It 's dedicated to her .
How Can I Keep from Singing ?
The Ballad of Pete Seeger by David King Dunaway ( Villard paperback , $ 18 ) , published last year , updates and corrects -- with Seeger 's help -- a 1981 version .
It 's the closest thing to a definitive biography .
It makes use of 1,600 government documents obtained under a Freedom of Information Act suit and includes a 14 - page Seeger discography .
Inventing American History by William Hogeland ( Boston Review paperback original , $ 14.95 ) offers a contrarian view of Seeger in one of its three essays challenging how popular history celebrates its subjects by whitewashing their pasts .
In an unlikely pairing , Seeger is bracketed with William F. Buckley Jr. , the conservative writer and publisher .
Hogeland contends both were extremists -- Buckley on the right , Seeger on the left as a " cheerleader " for Stalin -- but that unlike Buckley , " Seeger suffered for his beliefs . "
NEW YORK 
Three months after Bruce Springsteen persuaded Pete Seeger to sing This Land Is Your Land with him at President Obama 's inaugural concert , they 'll be back together on stage Sunday — on Seeger 's 90th birthday .
A sold - out benefit concert at Madison Square Garden will celebrate Seeger , the folk singer / songwriter who was banished from commercial TV for 17 years .
Seeger says a party for 15,000 is n't his idea of a birthday celebration , even with more than 40 musicians , including Dave Matthews , Eddie Vedder and Arlo Guthrie , whose dad , Woody , taught Seeger how to jump freight trains 60 years ago .
But he agreed to it because it will benefit his Hudson River environmental group .
Or , as Seeger puts it , " wooden boats do n't last forever . "
The boat is a 106 - foot sloop , the Clearwater , a floating symbol for the group of the same name that Seeger started in 1966 when the Hudson was an open sewer .
It 's healthier now , repopulated by eagles , shad and osprey .
But , Seeger says , " a lot remains to be done , " including " thousands of dollars of repairs to the boat . "
Seeger , who says " small is beautiful , " plans to remind the crowd : " It 's not always the big things that make a difference , but all the small things done by people who do n't get attention . "
As the subject of three new books and an updated biography , Seeger says , " I 've had too much publicity , " even as he talks by phone to a reporter .
He says he 's encouraged by Obama 's willingness to experiment and " to remind us he can't do it all .
We have to help . "
He recalls how another president , Herbert Hoover , told Rudy Vallee : " If you can sing a song that makes people forget the Depression , I 'll give you a medal . "
Says Seeger : " Too many singers have been trying to get that medal . "
He 's the only star in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame convicted of contempt of Congress for refusing to discuss past membership in the Communist Party .
His 1955 conviction was overturned on appeal in 1961 , but Seeger 's blacklisting lasted from 1950 to 1967 .
Even then , CBS censored his anti-Vietnam War allegory , Waist Deep in the Big Muddy .
The man who wrote If I Had a Hammer and Turn , Turn , Turn and helped popularize We Shall Overcome plans to sing one solo Sunday — he wo n't say which one — and join some choruses .
Asked about being called " a saint " by Bob Dylan , he laughs .
" What a terrible thing to call someone .
I 've made a lot of foolish mistakes over the years . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Imagine that I hired you to sort marbles out of a bucket .
In your bucket are three types of marbles : 1 ) chipped marbles , 2 ) normal - sized marbles of various colors , and 3 ) jumbo - sized marbles of various colors .
I want you to throw away the chipped ones , sort the normal - sized marbles by color and place them in color - coded buckets , and weigh the jumbos , then sort them by color in their own color - coded buckets .
Complicated , I know .
But on top of that , someone else will be dumping unsorted marbles in your bucket at random intervals while you are working .
Lastly , your workday is determined either by 8 hours or by every 1000 marbles you sort – whichever is less ( meaning , if you process 1000 marbles in 3 hours , you can go home and get paid the same ; or you can work 8 hours and go home , even if you did n’t get to 1000 marbles . )
Got it ?
Take a moment to think about how you ’d do this .
In broad strokes , the most efficient way to do this would be to dump out the bucket and work on the known number of marbles and batch - process them .
The chipped ones require no action , so they ’d be easy to get rid of .
The normal - sized marbles require only one action at this point : the color sort .
The jumbos require two actions , but it would be easier to weigh and process them en masse rather than one at a time .
If you dumped them out of the original bucket , you would n’t have to worry about the new , unsorted marbles , and you could instead focus on the ones you have in front of you ; an additional benefit would be that you ’d have a pretty good idea of how many marbles you sorted or needed to sort to go home .
Emails Are Marbles
I started with the processing of physical items because it ’s easier for us to understand how to process objects in the world – we ’re hardwired that way .
But notice the parallels between that example and what we actually do with email .
When it comes down to it , there are three types of email messages :
Delete - Now Email ( the Chipped Marbles )
Whether it ’s junk mail , spam that gets through , or those other random emails you ’re getting but really do n’t need , these are the ones that require one , and only one , action : they need to be deleted immediately .
( Or you could create a better system to do this for you … )
Reference Email ( the Normal Marbles )
The content of these types of messages is such that they may have some possible use in the future , and thus be worth keeping , but they are n’t worth keeping in your inbox .
Depending on the email client you use , archiving these messages could range from really easy ( Gmail ) to not so easy ( Outlook ) – the difficulty is not necessarily the number of buttons you need to press , but instead the amount of thinking you need to do to determine where it should go .
I ’ll pause here and explain : the reason Gmail is theoretically easier is because you do n’t have to decide which one folder something needs to go in – you could tag it with multiple labels that make sense ; additionally , the power and speed of its search capabilities mean that its relatively painless to pick out any message in a general archive folder , so , in many ways , Gmail ’s technology encourages fewer folders – which translates to less thinking .
Rather than 17 buckets to put your email in , you could have 5 and get along pretty well .
Action Email ( the Jumbos )
These messages actually require you to do something , whether that ’s writing a response , checking information , making a call , or any number of things that actually create an additional task aside from processing this one message .
Again , depending on your mail client , not only do they require some separate action , but it may behoove you to archive these , as well – especially when it comes to sent messages , as those messages become the only record many of us have of what we said or did .
We get thrown off in this category of email because we have different orientations to particular types of emails .
Some email messages are their own creative products , some are ones to which we do n’t know how to respond , and still others are those frogs that we just do n’t want to do .
So it ’s bad counsel to suggest that it ’s as easy as opening your inbox and immediately tackling every one of these emails as if they were all the same type of thing , when the reality is that each type requires a somewhat different emotional and cognitive process to handle it .
What I can say , though , is that it ’s best to figure out what sub - type of email it is so that when it ’s time to swallow frogs or write some creative email , you immediately know which ones to jump on .
Why Objectifying Email Works
Where many of us get into trouble is that we do n’t see email ( messages ) as discrete objects that require action – they become amorphous lumps of “ stuff ” that need to get done .
It ’s hard to put edges around amorphous lumps , and without those edges , it ’s hard for us to put limits on the amount of time we spend fiddling with email and to acknowledge the amount of time / effort / energy we have spent on processing email .
The amorphous lump stays the amorphous lump , and the only way we get some peace of mind ( so we think ) is to get our inbox to zero .
However , when we objectify email and recognize what we need to do to process it , then we move beyond thinking about the unsorted , theoretically unending bucket of marbles , and we can focus solely on handling the quantified bunch of marbles in front of us .
Which is better : “ I need to answer these 6 emails today , ”  or “ I need to clear my inbox ” ?
Which is more likely to get done , and which is more likely to give clarity and perspective to what you ’re doing ?
How to Objectify Email
As I mentioned above , the problem is that many of us do n’t conceptualize email messages as discrete objects that require action while we ’re processing email , despite the fact that we theoretically know that email messages are discrete objects .
Rather than try to conceptualize them as objects , how about we just translate them as objects and include them with the rest of the things ( “ objects ”  ) we need to get done ?
Here are a few ideas for how to do this – I ’m aware that these are n’t particularly novel :
Write them down on paper .
Rather than have “ Email ”  or “ Check Email ”  or “ Clear Inbox ”  on your ToDo List , write “ Reply to Charlie ’s email ”  as its own discrete action .
When you ’re done , check it off the list and move on to the next item .
Rather than have “ Email ”  or “ Check Email ”  or “ Clear Inbox ”  on your ToDo List , write “ Reply to Charlie ’s email ”  as its own discrete action .
When you ’re done , check it off the list and move on to the next item .
Create a discrete task in the task management program you use .
This is the same as above , except that you do it in iCal , Outlook , OmniFocus , Things , Backpack , or whatever you use as a task management program .
Be mindful that the advantages of software or webware solutions come with disadvantages – the most salient being the ease with which fiddling can get in the way of doing .
This is the same as above , except that you do it in iCal , Outlook , OmniFocus , Things , Backpack , or whatever you use as a task management program .
Be mindful that the advantages of software or webware solutions come with disadvantages – the most salient being the ease with which fiddling can get in the way of doing .
Create a note card for each email message .
This is probably the ultimate in objectifying email , since each card becomes its own actionable thing .
There ’s not a list to be sorted or looked at – there ’s just one thing that requires you to do something with it in a physical stack of other things that require action .
Keep in mind that I ’m not recommending that you write down every email message you need to process – I ’m recommending that you write down the email messages you need to act on .
You ’d be surprised how many messages actually do n’t require action .
I ’m also not recommending that you write down every email if you ’ve got a grip on and a plan for how to work through those emails that require action ; if you ’ve got a folder / label of 50 emails that you have batched and you can / will plow through them , knuckle down and get to work .
You ’re right if you think that writing down the email messages you need to act on is inefficient , because , well , it is .
But it can be incredibly effective and can give you the type of clarity and visibility that make the difference between your getting done what needs to get done – only part of which is email – and getting some peace , and your fretting about the overwhelming amount of email you get and coming up short on those things that did need to get done .
Do n’t believe me ?
Write down ( or create a task for ) 3 – 5 email messages that are bugging you or that need action ( after you ’ve sorted them , of course ) , plan for when you ’ll do them today , and do them .
Do this for the rest of the week , and you ’ll have responded to 15 – 25 emails and taken care of the rest .
Once you get control of email , you may not need to “ waste ”  the 2 minutes it takes to write them down .
At that point , feel free to create a new process .
( But if it ai n’t broke , why fix it ? )
It may turn out that thinking of email as marbles may keep you from losing yours .
Photo Credit : turtlephotography
Focus on the Family child molester busted for attempted rape
A good Christian Colorado man who narrates the bible in Spanish and works in Focus on the Family ’s Spanish broadcasting department has been busted .
According to the Denver Post , the would - be child molester been charged with two felonies – attempted sexual assault on a child and “ internet luring . ”
Unfortunately , the 15 - year old “ girl ” Juan Alberto Ovalle attempted to lure was really an undercover agent .
Ovalle was arrested when he attempted to meet the girl after graphically discussing the various sexual acts he wanted to perform with her .
Here ’s a link to the actual arrest warrant , but be warned that it contains graphic language .
How do you say , “ Hi , Juan .
I ’m your cellmate Bubba and I ’d like you to meet some of my friends ” in Spanish .
Do you want to use a trusted and reliable VPN instead of what Kodi goads you into using ?
Then this article is for you !
You ’ll find the best modern VPN service that supports Kodi in it .
You ’ll be able to choose between a paid variant from the list of the best VPN services of 2020 and a free VPN .
Unfortunately , any free VPN has traffic or speed limits .
Why ?
The overwhelming number of free VPN services represents the nightmare in terms of security and restrictions bypassing .
The level of security of such free VPNs is far from ideal .
Some free VPN providers store user data for the purpose of further selling it to advertisers ( like ISPs do ) .
Slow server speed because they are overloaded with users .
Limited number of facilities ( lack of kill switch , split tunneling and so on ) .
They ca n’t unblock services and addons .
That ’s why it ’s such a difficult task to choose a VPN service that does n’t have security issues .
Moreover , most free VPNs today are just severely limited free plans of paid and often pricey services .
At the same time , the lowest price you can find for a really high - quality full - fledged provider ’s services is $ 1.99 per month .
The best VPNs for Kodi : ExpressVPN : Maximum customization .
Apps for TV platforms and configuration for routers .
NordVPN : 5600 + high - speed servers for unrestricted access to Kodi for $ 3.49 per month .
Surfshark : 1000 + servers optimized for Kodi for the lowest possible monthly cost - $ 1.99 .
Proton VPN : Fast and stable VPN .
A router is used for Kodi .
CyberGhost VPN : A top VPN with over 7000 servers worldwide .
Good customer support .
Free VPNs for Kodi ( with some restrictions ) : Windscribe : A free VPN for Kodi with traffic restrictions ( 2 - 15 GB monthly ) and 10 locations .
ProtonVPN : No payment within a 7 - day trial period to test its premium features .
No traffic restrictions for Kodi use .
Hide.me : 2 GB of monthly traffic to unblock the best Kodi extensions .
5 locations to choose from .
TunnelBear : Absolutely free VPN provider without speed or traffic restrictions .
2 allowed to locations .
Kaspersky VPN : If 200-300 MB daily is enough for Kodi use , it ’s a good variant .
Be prepared you ca n’t choose locations .
Numerous streaming services block VPNs : both free and paid .
And nowadays , it is an uphill struggle to find a free VPN provider that would work with services like Netflix , Hulu , HBO , but still , lots of VPN providers do work for streaming .
But …
Kodi is the way - out .
Being an open - source cross- platform media player , Kodi makes it possible to create your own library that would contain the best content .
And there is no need to stream via blocked services .
Do n’t miss it !
Having installed some additional Kodi addons , you ’ll get access to the best services using only one application .
There is no need to open numerous sites and apps , create usernames and passwords , pay for subscriptions .
Kodi will do it instead of you ( except payment for sure ) .
Do I need VPN for Kodi ?
There is no doubt !
Reason # 1
Kodi gained its popularity thanks to free access to streaming movies , music and so on .
This access is not always legal .
For example , Kodi is considered to be unlawful in the UK according to the “ Copyright , Design and Patent Act ” ( 1988 ) .
If a Kodi addon is blocked in your country , you need to buy a VPN .
The best free VPN for Kodi unblocks restricted for your region addons and gets access to sites you like .
Reason # 2
Unfortunately , we are not well - informed in the sphere of legislation .
As a result , sometimes Kodi users stream pirated content without knowing it .
In order not to be punished for such an activity , it ’s better to subscribe to a free VPN service .
It will help to conceal your IP address .
So , you wo n’t be subjected to any illegal activity via your Kodi account .
To cut a long story short , the combination of Kodi and a VPN is fantastic .
Five best VPN services for Kodi
This list is made on the basis of technical features analysis , practical tests , and feedback of real Kodi users who use it through a VPN .
All five services listed here are paid ones .
Unfortunately , there are no free VPNs that provide their users with such kinds of services as unlimited traffic and speed .
You can forget about limits and feel safe only with a paid VPN .
So , let ’s start !
1. ExpressVPN : The best VPN for Kodi
​ According to the last test results , ExpressVPN is optimized for Kodi more than other services .
It optimally combines speed , geo-restrictions bypassing , high privacy protection level for users , a wide range of locations and user - friendliness .
Its big advantage is the support of TV platforms and routers , which allows connecting to the VPN without PC .
Features
Unblocking of Netflix and other services
100 % traffic protection from an internet provider
Hides the URLs of visited websites
Perfect speed and stability
Best 24/7 support service
Support of all platforms including TV , Xbox , and routers
Prices
ExpressVPN is available through 3 plans that differ from each other due to the subscription length * :
$ 6.67 per month when subscribing to 12 months
when subscribing to 12 months $ 9.99 per month when subscribing to 6 months
$ 12.95 per month when subscribing to 1 month
*- the prices include a 20 % discount when following a VPN - Review.com link
Every new user is given 3 extra months for free when subscribing to 1 year .
Approved for payment :
Credit Cards
PayPal
Bitcoin and 11 more methods of payment
The provider has a proven 30 - day money - back guarantee .
ExpressVPN ’s price compared to other services .
( compared to the same - length subscriptions of the VPNs on our Top 5 )
Provider 12 month ( monthly ) 6 - month ( monthly ) 1 month ExpressVPN $ 6.67 $ 9.99 $ 12.95 NordVPN $ 6.99 - $ 11.95 Surfshark $ 5.99 - $ 11.95 PIA $ 3.33 $ 5.99 $ 9.95 CyberGhost VPN $ 5.99 - $ 12.99
Test results
We ’ve tested ExpressVPN application for TV platforms and analyzed its work with routers .
The results have shown high software efficiency , solid adaptability , and flexibility .
It ’s worth mentioning that the provider supports 5 devices within 0ne subscription .
Thus , it ’s necessary to mention that ExpressVPN is also the best service for Windows , Android , and other OS .
ExpressVPN provides geo-restrictions bypassing and traffic encryption .
Visit site
2. NordVPN : As secure as possible
​​ ​NordVPN allows you to unblock geo-restricted content without a hitch and makes the use of Kodi 100 % anonymous and safe .
The basic features of this service are modern technologies of hiding your IP address , including the protection of IP leaking , the strong traffic encryption , and the “ No logging ” policy .
Perhaps , I have n’t used such a user - friendly app before at other providers .
Moreover , it is suitable for every device .
You can use one subscription to install NordVPN on 6 devices simultaneously .
So , you can use it not only for Kodi but also for other tasks :
Protect your devices and personal data using public Wi-Fi ;
Unblock limited content and websites ;
Bypass censorship if there is one ;
Hide IP addresses of the websites you visit ( ISPs collect and save this information for some years ) .
This list does n’t include all features of NordVPN .
Why is NordVPN the best one ?
According to the results of our research and the research of many other sources with the rating of VPN , NordVPN is the leader of the industry that combines affordable prices and security with a highly - developed infrastructure .
5500 record - breaking servers in 60 countries offer each user to choose almost any location .
Kodi will work transparently for your ISP and other scanners and filters in every location .
The provider also has special servers with traffic obfuscating for countries that block VPN .
The provider also offers specialized servers with VPN protocol obfuscation for the countries that block the use of VPN technology .
NordVPN guarantees keeping “ No logging ” policy , so all your torrent videos or other online activity will be hidden .
Prices and plans :
$ 3.49 per month ( $ 125.64 for 3 years )
( $ 125.64 for 3 years ) $ 4.99 per month ( $ 119.76 for 2 years )
$ 6.99 per month ( $ 83.88 for 1 year )
$ 11.95 for a monthly subscription
A 7 - day trial version is available for mobile apps .
NordVPN has a good price for a 3 - year subscription .
It is a long period of time , but you can totally trust this provider .
It has been on the market for 10 years , and during this time it has never spotted its reputation .
More info is in NordVPN review
5600 + servers in 60 countries to unblock 100 % extensions for Kodi .
Visit site
3. Surfshark :
One of the cheapest VPN services
​ Surfshark combines all the advantages of a great VPN service with nice prices .
Meanwhile , the functionality that plays an important role for Kodi is on the highest level : Supports Netflix , Hulu , etc .
AES - 256 encryption ;
“ No logging ” policy ;
Special servers for copyright content .
Additional functions of Surfshark will be useful while doing other tasks ( Surfshark allows you to connect the unlimited number of devices using only one subscription ) :
Protection from phishing sites ;
The Whitelister function which allows you to choose apps and websites for which IP address wo n’t change .
Prices and plans :
An excellent price for a 2 - year subscription :
$ 1.99 per month for 2 years ( $ 47.74 )
for 2 years ( $ 47.74 ) $ 5.99 per month for 1 year ( $ 71.88 )
$ 11.95 for a monthly subscription
More info is in Surfshark review
Fast servers to access copyright content safely .
Cheapest provider !
Visit site
4. Private Internet Access : For Kodi VPN
Manager or router
Private Internet Access ( PIA ) is good for use with Kodi VPN Manager as well as through router .
The provider will be very attractive for those who need port forwarding for torrent addons and those who do n’t use P2P and looks for the best performance through cheap routers .
It does n’t support Netflix .
Features
100 % traffic protection from an internet provider
Hides URLs of visited websites
Great speeds and stability
Port Forwarding
The feature to turn off encryption for best performance
Advanced settings for connection
Configuration for any device
Drawbacks
Despite solid functionality for Kodi , PIA does n’t work with streaming services ( does n’t bypass geo-restrictions ) .
Also , it does n’t have apps for popular TV platforms .
That ’s why Private Internet Access befits to tech - savvy users who know how to configure a WiFi router or Kodi VPN addon manually .
Prices
PIA is available through three plans that differ from each other in length of subscription * :
$ 3.33 per month when subscribing for 12 months
$ 5.99 per month when subscribing for 6 months
$ 9.95 when subscribing for 1 month
The provider is one of the cheapest when buying the service for 6 - 12 months .
Approved for payment :
Credit Cards
PayPal
Bitcoin and 3 more payment options
Private Internet Access has a proven 30 - day money - back guarantee .
PIA ’s price compared to other services .
( compared to the same - length subscriptions of the VPNs recommended in our top 5 )
Provider 12 month ( monthly ) 6 - month ( monthly ) 1 month PIA $ 3.33 $ 5.99 $ 9.95 ExpressVPN $ 6.67 $ 9.99 $ 12.95 NordVPN $ 6.99 - $ 11.95 Surfshark $ 5.99 - $ 11.95 CyberGhost VPN $ 5.99 - $ 12.99
Test results
We ’ve tested PIA work through OpenVPN protocol and functionality to configure VPN addon for Kodi .
We ’ve managed to connect to the VPN by means of both methods .
Among its peculiarities , I ’d like to point out the functionality to synchronize port in PIA and torrent addon ( port forwarding is available not for all locations ) and functionality to disable encryption and therefore offload the processor of a device .
It ’s relevant for underpowered TVs and routers
Advice .
Do n’t disable encryption while torrenting - it ’s unsafe .
5. CyberGhost VPN : Special servers for streaming and torrenting
​ CyberGhost VPN is one of the largest VPNs ( more than 5900 + servers in 90 countries ) .
It allows unblocking geo- restricted content easily as well as protects you when you use add - ons that grant you access to free content .
CyberGhost VPN provides special server lists for that purpose :
Streaming servers
Torrenting servers
It keeps no logs and is located under the safe Romanian jurisdiction .
Besides that , CyberGhost VPN is a great tool not only for Kodi but also for all other apps and tasks .
CyberGhost VPN ’s apps are available on all platforms : Windows , Android , macOS , iOS , Linux .
They all have a kill switch , VPN protocol settings , and DNS leak protection .
Cons of CyberGhost VPN :
Possible connection issues on Windows .
One of our computers running on Windows 8.1 stopped connecting to the network at one point .
It worked fine with other VPNs .
There is no such issue on Windows 10 .
Some locations are slow .
Some servers , those on the “ for torrenting ” list especially , have the speed of less than 5 Mbps .
.
Does n’t bypass VPN blocks .
Technical means of blocking in China and some other countries with censorship are too tough for CyberGhost VPN to bypass .
Prices and plans :
$ 2.75 per month ( $ 99 for 3 years ) + 2 extra months for free
per month ( $ 99 for 3 years ) + 2 extra months for free $ 3.69 per month ( $ 88.56 for 2 years )
$ 5.99 per month ( $ 71.88 for 1 year )
$ 12.99 per month with the subscription for 1 month
+ a 7 - day free trial on Android and iOS .
Among other advantages of CyberGhost VPN are :
24 hours of free trial ;
45 - day refund guarantee .
More info is in CyberGhost VPN review
5. ZenMate : Simple VPN for Kodi
​ ZenMate combines Kodi support with simplicity and low prices .
It is basically a scaled - down version of CyberGhost VPN .
They share the owner , some servers , and their apps are almost the same .
However , ZenMate differs from CyberGhost VPN in terms of its use , jurisdiction , and functionality .
ZenMate offers a 7 - day free trial without necessity to enter a credit card and has server lists for streaming and torrenting .
Defining features of ZenMate :
servers in 30 countries ;
does n’t have some extra functions ( Split Tunneling , for example ) ;
a 7 - day free trial .
Cons of ZenMate :
Small selection of servers ;
Possible connections issues on Windows ( same as with CyberGhost VPN ) ;
Some locations are slow ;
Does n’t work in China ;
Based in Germany ( part of the 14 Eyes alliance ) ;
Simplified functionality .
Prices and plans :
$ 2.22 per month when subscribing for 1 year ( $ 39.96 )
when subscribing for 1 year ( $ 39.96 ) $ 5.39 per month when subscribing for 6 months ( $ 32.34 )
$ 10.99 per month when subscribing for 1 month
Apart from the free trial , you can refund your purchase within 30 days .
Learn more about ZenMate
Free VPNs for Kodi ( limited functionality )
Be careful around free services .
Many of them collect your private data either on their own or by using extraneous services .
Officially it ’s done for advertisement purposes but it ’s not impossible that your private information will be sold to third parties .
When choosing a free VPN to use with Kodi , you need to keep in mind that all the “ unlimited ” VPNs on the market that are built in a browser ( Hola , FreeVPN , etc. ) wo n’t cut it .
They hide the IP address and traffic for that browser only .
What we are looking for is a VPN that will hide the IP and encrypt the traffic for Kodi .
There are no free VPNs that are able to unblock Netflix and other streaming services without any traffic limitations .
The main problem of using free VPNs with Kodi in general is speed and bandwidth limitations .
This is problematic for both unblocking geo-restricted content and protecting your access to free content .
Below you ’ll find five free VPNs that work , in a limited way , with Kodi .
You can also make use of the list of 5 free VPNs in our best VPN services for torrenting review .
1. FreeWindscribe for Kodi
​ ​Almost all free VPNs have traffic volume restrictions or speed restrictions .
Windscribe stands out with the smallest number of restrictions .
Using Windscribe , you will get from 2GB to 15 GB per month :
2GB per month in a case of registration , but without using your e-mail
15 GB per month in a case of your e-mail registration and if you tweet Windscribe .
As with any other provider with a free tariff plan , additionally to a traffic limit , there is also a choice of locations limit .
Only 10 locations are available for you .
Learn more about Windscribe VPN
2. Free ProtonVPN for Kodi
​ There is an alternative to the traffic limit – free VPN with a limited speed .
The best one from these VPNs is ProtonVPN .
Moreover , the first 7 days will be full trial days for its “ Plus ” version .
What advantages and disadvantages does ProtonVpn have ?
One of the main advantages is that you should n’t monitor your traffic bandwidth .
One of the main disadvantages is that high - quality video content and other tasks wo n’t be available for you .
Learn more about ProtonVPN
3 . Free hide .me for Kodi
​ ​2 GB free per month with an opportunity to choose from 5 locations – these terms are offered by hide.me .
This provider does n’t have any peculiarities .
The only thing which I would like to mention is that I faced some problems with the installation of the app on Windows 10 .
Learn more about Hide.me
4. Free TunnelBear for Kodi
​ The following providers from our list are also suitable for Kodi , but they have a lot of restrictions .
TunnelBear restricts its users with the volume of free traffic , from 500 MB to 1000MB :
500 MB for standard use ;
1000 MB if you tweet this service .
Pros and cons of TunnelBear :
On the one hand , the pros are the animated version which makes the apps more attractive .
Learn more about TunnelBear
5. Kaspersky VPN for Kodi
​ ​Kaspersky is a recognized expert in the field of protection from antivirus .
Not long ago it has launched its VPN version .
We are also interested in its free tariff plan for VPN .
It is unusual because it limits traffic bandwidth not for months , but days .
200 MB – 300 MB is available for free each day :
200 MB if you have n’t got any accounts for its antivirus software ;
300 MB if you have one .
It is obvious , that it is not enough for watching one film or one episode of series .
But unfortunately , there are fewer and fewer providers with free tariff plans .
That is why we need to choose from what we have .
FAQ
?
What is VPN for Kodi ?
Virtual Private Network allows getting absolutely anonymous access to the content available on Kodi .
The virtual network also masks the IP address of a user by changing it with the IP address of another country and therefore allows getting access to geo-restricted content of other countries .
?
How to setup VPN on Kodi ?
There are three ways to use VPN with Kodi :
Set up the app on a PC or TV .
Configure addon “ Kodi VPN Manager ” or “ VPN Manager for OpenVPN ” .
Configure router or other devices that share the internet .
?
What is the best VPN for Kodi ?
The most suitable VPN should combine all the functionality for Kodi :
Torrenting protection
Streaming unblocking
Censorship bypassing
Privacy and security
ExpressVPN is the best for 2020 according to VPN - review.com test results .
?
Is it legal to use a VPN ?
Yes , VPN technology is used in all countries around the world .
Today , hundreds of millions of users use virtual networks .
The work of the VPN is based on technologies that have appeared when the Internet came to the world .
It does n’t have any connection with any forbidden methods or vulnerabilities .
In the Upshot
Nowadays , people use free VPNs to both become protected on the net and access entertaining sites and services .
Having become one of 38 million Kodi consumers , you ’ll definitely want to experience the best streaming via various Kodi addons .
But how to unblock them ?
Now you know what to do !
Subscribe for the best VPN for Kodi and be convinced you ’re using the most complete and diverse service .
Protests are taking place today in Guatemala City to demand justice for an attorney who was assassinated on Sunday , and who claimed in a posthumously released YouTube video taped before his death that if he were to die , it would be at the orders of Guatemalan president Álvaro Colom .
Quick background :
The slain attorney , Rodrigo Rosenberg , represented a man who refused to take an assigment by Guatemala 's president to serve on the board of a bank widely known as a money laundering hub and a shelter for narcotrafficking spoils .
This whistleblower client of Rosenberg , Khalil Musa , was assassinated in March .
On Sunday , after reportedly refusing to participate in the corruption and the coverup , Rosenberg himself was assassinated .
Protesters are at the presidential palace today .
Libertópolis is streaming the action on Ustream.tv , as I type , though the stream is going on and off as armed military police swarm in .
Twitter users are marking conversations about today 's protests , and about the case in general , with the hashtag #escandalogt .
To take this sort of public action in Guatemala is not something one does lightly , and the young people at the center of these protests are placing their lives at risk .
I 'm seeing some Guatemalan Twitterers spreading word that " chicken bus " drivers will gather tomorrow in the capital for another round of protests .
Why ?
These same transportistas have long been the target of ever - escalating assasinations and extortion from narco gangs .
The same corruption Rosenberg and Musa attempted to expose fuels this cycle of violence .
I do n't have factual confirmation , but Guatemalan BB readers and Twitterers are saying that coverage of this story on the Guatemalan television networks is actively censored by the state ( and that the recently declared " swine flu emergency " in a country with only 3 confirmed H1N1 cases was little more than a thinly disguised attempt by the state to exert more control ) .
Claims of censorship there have historic precedent , and it makes the existence of these online " citizen TV " transmissions all the more significant .
( via deztyped and many others )
Previously : Guatemala – In YouTube Video Shot Before His Death , Attorney Blames President for His Assasination
Update , 3 pm PT , May 12 :
CNN now has an item on the story .
Chester Zoo ’s two Red Panda cubs have been revealed as a boy and a girl , during their first ever health check - up .
The precious twelve - week - old twins , classed by conservationists as endangered in the wild , were born on June 22 to mum , Nima , and dad , Koda , who have kept them tucked up in their nest boxes since birth .
Now , specialist vets and keepers have had their very first look at the delightful duo , examining the pair during the health check , where they were weighed , sexed and vaccinated .
Each of the fluffy youngsters was given a full , clean bill of health .
James Andrewes , Assistant Team Manager at the zoo , said , “ These Red Panda twins are wonderful , important new additions to the carefully managed breeding programme for the species , which is working to increase the safety - net population in Europe as numbers in the wild continue to decline .
Happily , both cubs are developing very well indeed and the health MOTs we ’ve been able to perform confirmed that mum Nima is clearly doing a great job of caring for them . ”
James continued , “ We also discovered the genders of each of the cubs - one male and one female - and returned them to their mum as soon as we ’d finished giving them a quick once over .
Nima took them straight back to her nest and it ’ll be a few weeks now until the cubs start to develop the confidence to come out and explore by themselves .
Before they ’re able to stand on their own feet , it is though possible that some lucky people will have the occasional glimpse of Nima carrying them from nest to nest by the scruffs of their necks . ”
Photo Credits : Chester Zoo
Red Pandas are found in the mountainous regions of Nepal , India , Bhutan , Myanmar and southern China where their wild number is estimated at fewer than 10,000 – a 40 % decline over the past 50 years .
This decrease is a direct result of human actions , such as widespread habitat destruction , trapping for the illegal pet trade and poaching for their iconic red fur – which in some countries is used to make hats for newly - weds as a symbol of happy marriage .
Conservationists at Chester Zoo have called on the public help to fight the illegal wildlife trade that is driving species to extinction around the world .
People can report any suspicious activity they may spot , online or on holiday , via the zoo ’s online illegal wildlife trade reporting form : www.chesterzoo.org/illegalwildlifetrade
In recent years , Chester Zoo has been fighting for the future of the Red Panda through habitat - focused conservation projects in the Sichuan Mountains of China , where they can be found among the bamboo forests .
skverma shailesh verma bharat verma
these are the photo graphs of my family
Venti : a new approach to archival storage
Sean Quinlan and Sean Dorward
Bell Labs , Lucent Technologies
Abstract
This paper describes a network storage system , called Venti , intended for archival data .
In this system , a unique hash of a block 's contents acts as the block identifier for read and write operations .
This approach enforces a write - once policy , preventing accidental or malicious destruction of data .
In addition , duplicate copies of a block can be coalesced , reducing the consumption of storage and simplifying the implementation of clients .
Venti is a building block for constructing a variety of storage applications such as logical backup , physical backup , and snapshot file systems .
We have built a prototype of the system and present some preliminary performance results .
The system uses magnetic disks as the storage technology , resulting in an access time for archival data that is comparable to non-archival data .
The feasibility of the write - once model for storage is demonstrated using data from over a decade 's use of two Plan 9 file systems .
1. Introduction
Archival storage is a second class citizen .
Many computer environments provide access to a few recent versions of the information stored in file systems and databases , though this access can be tedious and may require the assistance of a system administrator .
Less common is the ability for a user to examine data from last month or last year or last decade .
Such a feature may not be needed frequently , but when it is needed it is often crucial .
The growth in capacity of storage technologies exceeds the ability of many users to generate data , making it practical to archive data in perpetuity .
Plan 9 , the computing environment that the authors use , includes a file system that stores archival data to an optical jukebox [ 16 , 17 ] .
Ken Thompson observed that , for our usage patterns , the capacity of the jukebox could be considered infinite .
In the time it took for us to fill the jukebox , the improvement in technology would allow us to upgrade to a new jukebox with twice the capacity .
Abundant storage suggests that an archival system impose a write - once policy .
Such a policy prohibits either a user or administrator from deleting or modifying data once it is stored .
This approach greatly reduces the opportunities for accidental or malicious data loss and simplifies the system 's implementation .
Moreover , our experience with Plan 9 is that a write - once policy changes the way one views storage .
Obviously , some data is temporary , derivative , or so large that it is either undesirable or impractical to retain forever and should not be archived .
However , once it is decided that the data is worth keeping , the resources needed to store the data have been consumed and cannot be reclaimed .
This eliminates the task of periodically " cleaning up " and deciding whether the data is still worth keeping .
More thought is required before storing the data to a write - once archive , but as the cost of storage continues to fall , this becomes an easy decision .
This paper describes the design and implementation of an archival server , called Venti .
The goal of Venti is to provide a write - once archival repository that can be shared by multiple client machines and applications .
In addition , by using magnetic disks as the primary storage technology , the performance of the system approaches that of non-archival storage .
2. Background
A prevalent form of archival storage is the regular backup of data to magnetic tape [ 15 ] .
A typical scenario is to provide backup as a central service for a number of client machines .
Client software interfaces with a database or file system and determines what data to back up .
The data is copied from the client to the tape device , often over a network , and a record of what was copied is stored in a catalog database .
Restoring data from a tape backup system can be tedious and error prone .
The backup system violates the access permission of the file system , requiring a system administrator or privileged software to perform the task .
Since they are tedious , restore operations are infrequent and problems with the process may go undetected .
Potential sources of error abound : tapes are mislabeled or reused or lost , drives wander out of alignment and cannot read their old tapes , technology becomes obsolete .
For tape backup systems , a tradeoff exists between the performance of backup and restore operations [ 1 ] .
A full backup simplifies the process of restoring data since all the data is copied to a continuous region on the tape media .
For large file systems and databases , incremental backups are more efficient to generate , but such backups are not self - contained ; the data for a restore operation is scattered across multiple incremental backups and perhaps multiple tapes .
The conventional solution is to limit the extent of this scattering by performing a full backup followed by a small number of incremental backups .
File systems such as Plan 9 [ 16 , 17 ] , WAFL [ 5 ] , and AFS [ 7 ] provide a more unified approach to the backup problem by implementing a snapshot feature .
A snapshot is a consistent read - only view of the file system at some point in the past .
The snapshot retains the file system permissions and can be accessed with standard tools ( ls , cat , cp , grep , diff ) without special privileges or assistance from an administrator .
In our experience , snapshots are a relied - upon and frequently - used resource because they are always available and easy to access .
Snapshots avoid the tradeoff between full and incremental backups .
Each snapshot is a complete file system tree , much like a full backup .
The implementation , however , resembles an incremental backup because the snapshots and the active file system share any blocks that remain unmodified ; a snapshot only requires additional storage for the blocks that have changed .
To achieve reasonable performance , the device that stores the snapshots must efficiently support random access , limiting the suitability of tape storage for this approach .
In the WAFL and AFS systems , snapshots are ephemeral ; only a small number of recent versions of the file system are retained .
This policy is reasonable since the most recent versions of files are the most useful .
For these systems , archival storage requires an additional mechanism such as tape backup .
The philosophy of the Plan 9 file system is that random access storage is sufficiently cheap that it is feasible to retain snapshots permanently .
The storage required to retain all daily snapshots of a file system is surprisingly modest ; later in the paper we present statistics for two file servers that have been in use over the last 10 years .
Like Plan 9 , the Elephant file system [ 18 ] retains many versions of data .
This system allows a variety of storage reclamation policies that determine when a version of a file should be deleted .
In particular , " landmark " versions of files are retained permanently and provide an archival record .
3. The Venti Archival Server
Venti is a block - level network storage system intended for archival data .
The interface to the system is a simple protocol that enables client applications to read and write variable sized blocks of data .
Venti itself does not provide the services of a file or backup system , but rather the backend archival storage for these types of applications .
Venti identifies data blocks by a hash of their contents .
By using a collision - resistant hash function with a sufficiently large output , it is possible to consider the hash of a data block as unique .
Such a unique hash is called the fingerprint of a block and can be used as the address for read and write operations .
This approach results in a storage system with a number of interesting properties .
As blocks are addressed by the fingerprint of their contents , a block cannot be modified without changing its address ; the behavior is intrinsically write - once .
This property distinguishes Venti from most other storage systems , in which the address of a block and its contents are independent .
Moreover , writes are idempotent .
Multiple writes of the same data can be coalesced and do not require additional storage space .
This property can greatly increase the effective storage capacity of the server since it does not rely on the behavior of client applications .
For example , an incremental backup application may not be able to determine exactly which blocks have changed , resulting in unnecessary duplication of data .
On Venti , such duplicate blocks will be discarded and only one copy of the data will be retained .
In fact , replacing the incremental backup with a full backup will consume the same amount of storage .
Even duplicate data from different applications and machines can be eliminated if the clients write the data using the same block size and alignment .
The hash function can be viewed as generating a universal name space for data blocks .
Without cooperating or coordinating , multiple clients can share this name space and share a Venti server .
Moreover , the block level interface places few restrictions on the structures and format that clients use to store their data .
In contrast , traditional backup and archival systems require more centralized control .
For example , backup systems include some form of job scheduler to serialize access to tape devices and may only support a small number of predetermined data formats so that the catalog system can extract pertinent meta -data .
Venti provides inherent integrity checking of data .
When a block is retrieved , both the client and the server can compute the fingerprint of the data and compare it to the requested fingerprint .
This operation allows the client to avoid errors from undetected data corruption and enables the server to identify when error recovery is necessary .
Using the fingerprint of a block as its identity facilitates features such as replication , caching , and load balancing .
Since the contents of a particular block are immutable , the problem of data coherency is greatly reduced ; a cache or a mirror cannot contain a stale or out of date version of a block .
3.1 . Choice of Hash Function
The design of Venti requires a hash function that generates a unique fingerprint for every data block that a client may want to store .
Obviously , if the size of the fingerprint is smaller than the size of the data blocks , such a hash function cannot exist since there are fewer possible fingerprints than blocks .
If the fingerprint is large enough and randomly distributed , this problem does not arise in practice .
For a server of a given capacity , the likelihood that two different blocks will have the same hash value , also known as a collision , can be determined .
If the probability of a collision is vanishingly small , we can be confident that each fingerprint is unique .
It is desirable that Venti employ a cryptographic hash function .
For such a function , it is computationally infeasible to find two distinct inputs that hash to the same value [ 10 ] .
This property is important because it prevents a malicious client from intentionally creating blocks that violate the assumption that each block has a unique fingerprint .
As an additional benefit , using a cryptographic hash function strengthens a client 's integrity check , preventing a malicious server from fulfilling a read request with fraudulent data .
If the fingerprint of the returned block matches the requested fingerprint , the client can be confident the server returned the original data .
Venti uses the Sha1 hash function [ 13 ] developed by the US National Institute for Standards and Technology ( NIST ) .
Sha1 is a popular hash algorithm for many security systems and , to date , there are no known collisions .
The output of Sha1 is a 160 bit ( 20 byte ) hash value .
Software implementations of Sha1 are relatively efficient ; for example , a 700 Mhz Pentium 3 can compute the Sha1 hash of 8 Kbyte data blocks in about 130 microseconds , a rate of 60 Mbytes per second .
Are the 160 bit hash values generated by Sha1 large enough to ensure the fingerprint of every block is unique ?
Assuming random hash values with a uniform distribution , a collection of n different data blocks and a hash function that generates b bits , the probability p that there will be one or more collisions is bounded by the number of pairs of blocks multiplied by the probability that a given pair will collide , i.e .
Today , a large storage system may contain a petabyte ( 10^15 bytes ) of data .
Consider an even larger system that contains an exabyte ( 10 ^18 bytes ) stored as 8 Kbyte blocks ( ~10 ^14 blocks ) .
Using the Sha1 hash function , the probability of a collision is less than 10 ^ - 20 .
Such a scenario seems sufficiently unlikely that we ignore it and use the Sha1 hash as a unique identifier for a block .
Obviously , as storage technology advances , it may become feasible to store much more than an exabyte , at which point it maybe necessary to move to a larger hash function .
NIST has already proposed variants of Sha1 that produce 256 , 384 , and 512 bit results [ 14 ] .
For the immediate future , however , Sha1 is a suitable choice for generating the fingerprint of a block .
3.2 . Choice of Storage Technology
When the Plan 9 file system was designed in 1989 , optical jukeboxes offered high capacity with respectable random access performance and thus were an obvious candidate for archival storage .
The last decade , however , has seen the capacity of magnetic disks increase at a far faster rate than optical technologies [ 20 ] .
Today , a disk array costs less than the equivalent capacity optical jukebox and occupies less physical space .
Disk technology is even approaching tape in cost per bit .
Magnetic disk storage is not as stable or permanent as optical media .
Reliability can be improved with technology such as RAID , but unlike write - once optical disks , there is little protection from erasure due to failures of the storage server or RAID array firmware .
This issue is discussed in Section 7 .
Using magnetic disks for Venti has the benefit of reducing the disparity in performance between conventional and archival storage .
Operations that previously required data to be restored to magnetic disk can be accomplished directly from the archive .
Similarly , the archive can contain the primary copy of often - accessed read - only data .
In effect , archival data need not be further down the storage hierarchy ; it is differentiated by the write - once policy of the server .
4. Applications
Venti is a building block on which to construct a variety of storage applications .
Venti provides a large repository for data that can be shared by many clients , much as tape libraries are currently the foundation of many centralized backup systems .
Applications need to accommodate the unique properties of Venti , which are different from traditional block level storage devices , but these properties enable a number of interesting features .
Applications use the block level service provided by Venti to store more complex data structures .
Data is divided into blocks and written to the server .
To enable this data to be retrieved , the application must record the fingerprints of these blocks .
One approach is to pack the fingerprints into additional blocks , called pointer blocks , that are also written to the server , a process that can be repeated recursively until a single fingerprint is obtained .
This fingerprint represents the root of a tree of blocks and corresponds to a hierarchical hash of the original data .
A simple data structure for storing a linear sequence of data blocks is shown in Figure 1 .
The data blocks are located via a fixed depth tree of pointer blocks which itself is addressed by a root fingerprint .
Applications can use such a structure to store a single file or to mimic the behavior of a physical device such as a tape or a disk drive .
The write - once nature of Venti does not allow such a tree to be modified , but new versions of the tree can be generated efficiently by storing the new or modified data blocks and reusing the unchanged sections of the tree as depicted in Figure 2 .
Figure 1 .
A tree structure for storing a linear sequence of blocks
Figure 2 . Build a new version of the tree .
By mixing data and fingerprints in a block , more complex data structures can be constructed .
For example , a structure for storing a file system may include three types of blocks : directory , pointer , and data .
A directory block combines the meta information for a file and the fingerprint to a tree of data blocks containing the file 's contents .
The depth of the tree can be determined from the size of the file , assuming the pointer and data blocks have a fixed size .
Other structures are obviously possible .
Venti's block - level interface leaves the choice of format to client applications and different data structures can coexist on a single server .
The following sections describes three applications that use Venti as an archival data repository : a user level archive utility called vac , a proposal for a physical level backup utility , and our preliminary work on a new version of the Plan 9 file system .
4.1 . Vac
Vac is an application for storing a collection of files and directories as a single object , similar in functionality to the utilities tar and zip .
With vac , the contents of the selected files are stored as a tree of blocks on a Venti server .
The root fingerprint for this tree is written to a vac archive file specified by the user , which consists of an ASCII representation of the 20 byte root fingerprint plus a fixed header string , and is always 45 bytes long .
A corresponding program , called unvac , enables the user to restore files from a vac archive .
Naturally , unvac requires access to the Venti server that contains the actual data , but in most situations this is transparent .
For a user , it appears that vac compresses any amount of data down to 45 bytes .
An important attribute of vac is that it writes each file as a separate collection of Venti blocks , thus ensuring that duplicate copies of a file will be coalesced on the server .
If multiple users vac the same data , only one copy will be stored on the server .
Similarly , a user may repeatedly vac a directory over time and even if the contents of the directory change , the additional storage consumed on the server will be related to the extent of the changes rather than the total size of the contents .
Since Venti coalesces data at the block level , even files that change may share many blocks with previous versions and thus require little space on the server ; log and database files are good examples of this scenario .
On many Unix systems , the dump utility is used to back up file systems .
Dump has the ability to perform incremental backups of data ; a user specifies a dump level , and only files that are new or have changed since the last dump at this level are written to the archive .
To implement incremental backups , dump examines the modified time associated with each file , which is an efficient method of filtering out the unchanged files .
Vac also implements an incremental option based on the file modification times .
The user specifies an existing vac file and this archive is used to reduce the number of blocks written to the Venti server .
For each file , vac examines the modified time in both the file system and the vac archive .
If they are the same , vac copies the fingerprint for the file from the old archive into the new archive .
Copying just the 20 - byte fingerprint enables the new archive to include the entire file without reading the data from the file system nor writing the data across the network to the Venti server .
In addition , unlike an incremental dump , the resulting archive will be identical to an archive generated without the incremental option ; it is only a performance improvement .
This means there is no need to have multiple levels of backups , some incremental , some full , and so restore operations are greatly simplified .
A variant of the incremental option improves the backup of files without reference to modification times .
As vac reads a file , it computes the fingerprint for each block .
Concurrently , the pointer blocks of the old archive are examined to determine the fingerprint for the block at the same offset in the old version of the file .
If the fingerprints are the same , the block does not need to be written to Venti .
Instead , the fingerprint can simply be copied into the appropriate pointer block .
This optimization reduces the number of writes to the Venti server , saving both network and disk bandwidth .
Like the file level optimization above , the resulting vac file is no different from the one produced without this optimization .
It does , however , require the data for the file to be read and is only effective if there are a significant number of unchanged blocks .
4.2 . Physical backup
Utilities such as vac , tar , and dump archive data at the file or logical level : they walk the file hierarchy converting both data and meta - data into their own internal format .
An alternative approach is block - level or physical backup , in which the disk blocks that make up the file system are directly copied without interpretation .
Physical backup has a number of benefits including simplicity and potentially much higher throughput [ 8 ] .
A physical backup utility for file systems that stores the resulting data on Venti appears attractive , though we have not yet implemented such an application .
The simplest form of physical backup is to copy the raw contents of one or mores disk drives to Venti .
The backup also includes a tree of pointer blocks , which enables access to the data blocks .
Like vac , the end result is a single fingerprint representing the root of the tree ; that fingerprint needs to be recorded outside of Venti .
Coalescing duplicate blocks is the main advantage of making a physical backup to Venti rather than copying the data to another storage medium such as tape .
Since file systems are inherently block based , we expect coalescing to be effective .
Not only will backups of a file system over time share many unchanged blocks , but even file systems for different machines that are running the same operating system may have many blocks in common .
As with vac , the user sees a full backup of the device , while retaining the storage space advantages of an incremental backup .
One enhancement to physical backup is to copy only blocks that are actively in use in the file system .
For most file system formats it is relatively easy to determine if a block is in use or free without walking the file system hierarchy .
Free blocks generally contain the remnants of temporary files that were created and removed in the time between backups and it is advantageous not to store such blocks .
This optimization requires that the backup format be able to represent missing blocks , which can easily be achieved on Venti by storing a null value for the appropriate entry in the pointer tree .
The random access performance of Venti is sufficiently good that it is possible to use a physical backup without first restoring it to disk .
With operating system support , it is feasible to directly mount a backup file system image from Venti .
Access to this file system is read only , but it provides a natural method of restoring a subset of files .
For situations where a full restore is required , it might be possible to do this restore in a lazy fashion , copying blocks from Venti to the file system as needed , instead of copying the entire contents of the file system before resuming normal operation .
The time to perform a physical backup can be reduced using a variety of incremental techniques .
Like vac , the backup utility can compute the fingerprint of each block and compare this fingerprint with the appropriate entry in the pointer tree of a previous backup .
This optimization reduces the number of writes to the Venti server .
If the file system provides information about which blocks have changed , as is the case with WAFL , the backup utility can avoid even reading the unchanged blocks .
Again , a major advantage of using Venti is that the backup utility can implement these incremental techniques while still providing the user with a full backup .
The backup utility writes the new blocks to the Venti server and constructs a pointer tree with the appropriate fingerprint for the unchanged blocks .
4.3 . Plan 9
File system
When combined with a small amount of read / write storage , Venti can be used as the primary location for data rather than a place to store backups .
A new version of the Plan 9 file system , which we are developing , exemplifies this approach .
Previously , the Plan 9 file system was stored on a combination of magnetic disks and a write - once optical jukebox .
The jukebox furnishes the permanent storage for the system , while the magnetic disks act as a cache for the jukebox .
The cache provides faster file access and , more importantly , accumulates the changes to the file system during the period between snapshots .
When a snapshot is taken , new or modified blocks are written from the disk cache to the jukebox .
The disk cache can be smaller than the active file system , needing only to be big enough to contain the daily changes to the file system .
However , accesses that miss the cache are significantly slower since changing platters in the jukebox takes several seconds .
This performance penalty makes certain operations on old snapshots prohibitively expensive .
Also , on the rare occasions when the disk cache has been reinitialized due to corruption , the file server spends several days filling the cache before performance returns to normal .
The new version of the Plan 9 file system uses Venti instead of an optical jukebox as its storage device .
Since the performance of Venti is comparable to disk , this substitution equalizes access both to the active and to the archival view of the file system .
It also allows the disk cache to be quite small ; the cache accumulates changes to the file system between snapshots , but does not speed file access .
5. Implementation
We have implemented a prototype of Venti .
The implementation uses an append - only log of data blocks and an index that maps fingerprints to locations in this log .
It also includes a number of features that improve robustness and performance .
This section gives a brief overview of the implementation .
Figure 3 shows a block diagram of the server .
Figure 3 . A block diagram of the Venti prototype .
Since Venti is intended for archival storage , one goal of our prototype is robustness .
The approach we have taken is to separate the storage of data blocks from the index used to locate a block .
In particular , blocks are stored in an append - only log on a RAID array of disk drives .
The simplicity of the append - only log structure eliminates many possible software errors that might cause data corruption and facilitates a variety of additional integrity strategies .
A separate index structure allows a block to be efficiently located in the log ; however , the index can be regenerated from the data log if required and thus does not have the same reliability constraints as the log itself .
The structure of the data log is illustrated in Figure 4 .
To ease maintenance , the log is divided into self - contained sections called arenas .
Each arena contains a large number of data blocks and is sized to facilitate operations such as copying to removable media .
Within an arena is a section for data bocks that is filled in an append - only manner .
In Venti , data blocks are variable sized , up to a current limit of 52 Kbytes , but since blocks are immutable they can be densely packed into an arena without fragmentation .
Figure 4 . The format of the data log .
Each block is prefixed by a header that describes the contents of the block .
The primary purpose of the header is to provide integrity checking during normal operation and to assist in data recovery .
The header includes a magic number , the fingerprint and size of the block , the time when the block was first written , and identity of the user that wrote it .
The header also includes a user - supplied type identifier , which is explained in Section 7 .
Note , only one copy of a given block is stored in the log , thus the user and wtime fields correspond to the first time the block was stored to the server .
Before storing a block in the log , an attempt is made to compress its contents .
The inclusion of data compression increases the effective capacity of the archive and is simple to add given the log structure .
Obviously , some blocks are incompressible .
The encoding field in the block header indicates whether the data was compressed and , if so , the algorithm used .
The esize field indicates the size of the data after compression , enabling the location of the next block in the arena to be determined .
The downside of using compression is the computational cost , typically resulting in a decrease in the rate that blocks can be stored and retrieved .
Our prototype uses a custom Lempel - Ziv ' 77 [ 21 ] algorithm that is optimized for speed .
Compression is not a performance bottleneck for our existing server .
Future implementations may benefit from hardware solutions .
In addition to a log of data blocks , an arena includes a header , a directory , and a trailer .
The header identifies the arena .
The directory contains a copy of the block header and offset for every block in the arena .
By replicating the headers of all the blocks in one relatively small part of the arena , the server can rapidly check or rebuild the system 's global block index .
The directory also facilitates error recovery if part of the arena is destroyed or corrupted .
The trailer summarizes the current state of the arena itself , including the number of blocks and the size of the log .
Within the arena , the data log and the directory start at opposite ends and grow towards each other .
When the arena is filled , it is marked as sealed , and a fingerprint is computed for the contents of the entire arena .
Sealed arenas are never modified .
The basic operation of Venti is to store and retrieve blocks based on their fingerprints .
A fingerprint is 160 bits long , and the number of possible fingerprints far exceeds the number of blocks stored on a server .
The disparity between the number of fingerprints and blocks means it is impractical to map the fingerprint directly to a location on a storage device .
Instead , we use an index to locate a block within the log .
We implement the index using a disk - resident hash table as illustrated in Figure 5 .
The index is divided into fixed - sized buckets , each of which is stored as a single disk block .
Each bucket contains the index map for a small section of the fingerprint space .
A hash function is used to map fingerprints to index buckets in a roughly uniform manner , and then the bucket is examined using binary search .
If provisioned with sufficient buckets , the index hash table will be relatively empty and bucket overflows will be extremely rare .
If a bucket does overflow , the extra entries are placed in an adjacent bucket .
This structure is simple and efficient , requiring one disk access to locate a block in almost all cases .
Figure 5 . Format of the index .
The need to go through an index is the main performance penalty for Venti compared to a conventional block storage device .
Our prototype uses three techniques to increase the performance : caching , striping , and write buffering .
The current implementation has two important caches of approximately equal size : a block cache and an index cache .
A hit in the block cache returns the data for that fingerprint , bypassing the both the index lookup and access to the data log .
Hits in the index cache eliminate only the index lookup , but the entries are much smaller and the hit rate correspondingly higher .
Unfortunately , these caches do not speed the process of storing a new block to Venti .
The server must check that the block is not a duplicate by examining the index .
If the block is not contained on the server , it will obviously not be in any cache .
Since the fingerprint of the block contains no internal structure , the location of a fingerprint in the index is essentially random .
Furthermore , the archival nature of Venti means the entire index will not fit in memory because of the large number of blocks .
Combining these factors means that the write performance of Venti will be limited to the random IO performance of the index disk , which for current technology is a few hundred accesses per second .
By striping the index across multiple disks , however , we get a linear speedup .
This requires a sufficient number of concurrent accesses , which we assure by buffering the writes before accessing the index .
The prototype Venti server is implemented for the Plan 9 operating system in about 10,000 lines of C .
The server runs on a dedicated dual 550 Mhz Pentium III processor system with 2 Gbyte of memory and is accessed over a 100 Mbs Ethernet network .
The data log is stored on a 500 Gbyte MaxTronic IDE Raid 5 Array and the index resides on a string of 8 Seagate Cheetah 18XL 9 Gbyte SCSI drives .
6. Performance
Table 1 gives the preliminary performance results for read and write operations in a variety of situations .
For comparison , we include the SCSI performance of the RAID array .
Although the performance is still several times slower than directly accessing the disk , we believe the results are promising and will improve as the system matures .
Table 1 .
The performance of read and write operations in Mbytes /s for 8 Kbyte blocks .
sequential reads random reads virgin writes duplicate writes uncached 0.9 0.4 3.7 5.6 index cache 4.2 0.7 - 6.2 block cache 6.8 - - 6.5 raw raid 14.8 1.0 12.4 12.4
The uncached sequential read performance is particularly bad .
The problem is that these sequential reads require a random read of the index .
Without assistance from the client , the read operations are not overlapped and do not benefit from the striping of the index .
One possible solution is a form of read - ahead .
When reading a block from the data log , it is feasible to also read several following blocks .
These extra blocks can be added to the caches without referencing the index .
If blocks are read in the same order they were written to the log , the latency of uncached index lookups will be avoided .
This strategy should work well for streaming data such as multimedia files .
The basic assumption in Venti is that the growth in capacity of disks combined with the removal of duplicate blocks and compression of their contents enables a model in which it is not necessary to reclaim space by deleting archival data .
To demonstrate why we believe this model is practical , we present some statistics derived from a decade 's use of the Plan 9 file system .
The computing environment in which we work includes two Plan 9 file servers named bootes and emelie .
Bootes was our primary file repository from 1990 until 1997 at which point it was superseded by emelie .
Over the life of these two file servers there have been 522 user accounts of which between 50 and 100 were active at any given time .
The file servers have hosted numerous development projects and also contain several large data sets including chess end games , astronomical data , satellite imagery , and multimedia files .
Figure 6 depicts the size of the active file system as measured over time by du , the space consumed on the jukebox , and the size of the jukebox 's data if it were to be stored on Venti .
The ratio of the size of the archival data and the active file system is also given .
As can be seen , even without using Venti , the storage required to implement the daily snapshots in Plan 9 is relatively modest , a result of the block level incremental approach to generating a snapshot .
When the archival data is stored to Venti the cost of retaining the snapshots is reduced significantly .
In the case of the emelie file system , the size on Venti is only slightly larger than the active file system ; the cost of retaining the daily snapshots is almost zero .
Note that the amount of storage that Venti uses for the snapshots would be the same even if more conventional methods were used to back up the file system .
The Plan 9 approach to snapshots is not a necessity , since Venti will remove duplicate blocks .
Figure 6 . Graphs of the various sizes of two Plan 9 file servers .
When stored on Venti , the size of the jukebox data is reduced by three factors : elimination of duplicate blocks , elimination of block fragmentation , and compression of the block contents .
Table 2 presents the percent reduction for each of these factors .
Note , bootes uses a 6 Kbyte block size while emelie uses 16 Kbyte , so the effect of removing fragmentation is more significant on emelie .
The 10 year history of the two Plan 9 file servers may be of interest to other researchers .
We have made available per-block information including a hash of each block 's contents , all the block pointers , and most of the directory information .
The traces do not include the actual contents of files nor the file names .
There is sufficient information to reconstruct the structure of the file system and to track the daily changes to this structure over time .
The traces are available at http://www.cs.bell-labs.com/~seanq/p9trace.html.
Table 2 .
The percentage reduction in the size of data stored on Venti .
bootes emelie Elimination of duplicates 27.8 % 31.3 % Elimination of fragments 10.2 % 25.4 % Data Compression 33.8 % 54.1 % Total Reduction 59.7 % 76.5 %
7. Reliability and Recovery
In concert with the development of the Venti prototype , we have built a collection of tools for integrity checking and error recovery .
Example uses of these tools include : verifying the structure of an arena , checking there is an index entry for every block in the data log and vice versa , rebuilding the index from the data log , and copying an arena to removable media .
These tools directly access the storage devices containing the data log and index and are executed on the server .
The directory structure at the end of each area enhances the efficiency of many integrity and recovery operations , since it is typically two orders of magnitude smaller than the arena , yet contains most of the needed information .
The index checking utility , for example , is implemented as a disk based sort of all the arena directories , followed by a comparison between this sorted list and the index .
Our prototype currently contains approximately 150 million blocks using 250 Gbytes of storage .
An index check takes 2.2 hours , which is significantly less than the 6 hours it takes to read all the log data .
An additional integrity and recovery feature is the association of a type identifier with every block .
This 8 bit identifier is included with all client read and write operations and has the effect of partitioning the server into multiple independent domains .
The idea is that type indicates the interpretation of the data contained in the block .
A client can use this feature , for example , to indicate that a block is the root node for a tree of blocks .
Currently , the data format associated with a type is left entirely to the client ; the server does not interpret the type other that to use it in conjunction with a fingerprint as the key with which to index a block .
One use of the type identifier is to assist the administrator in locating blocks for which a user has accidentally lost the fingerprint .
Using a tool on the server , the data log can be scanned for blocks that match specified criteria , including the block type , the write time , and user identifier .
The type makes it relatively simple to locate forgotten root blocks .
Future uses for the type might include the ability for the server to determine the location of fingerprints within a block , enabling the server to traverse the data structures that have been stored .
By storing the data log on a RAID 5 disk array , our server is protected against single drive failures .
Obviously , there are many scenarios where this is not sufficient : multiple drives may fail , there may be a fire in the machine room , the RAID firmware may contain bugs , or the device may be stolen .
Additional protection could be obtained by using one or more off - site mirrors for the server .
We have not yet implemented this strategy , but the architecture of Venti makes this relatively simple .
A background process on the server copies new blocks from the data log to the mirrors .
This copying can be achieved using the Venti protocol ; the server is simply another client to the mirror .
Even mirroring may not be sufficient .
The implementation of Venti may contain bugs that can be exploited to compromise the server .
An automated attack may delete data on many servers simultaneously .
Storage devices that provide low level enforcement of a write - once policy would provide protection for such an attack .
Write - once read - many optical jukeboxes often provide such protection , but this is not yet common for magnetic disk based storage systems .
We have thus resorted to copying the sealed arenas onto removable media .
8. Related Work
The Stanford Archival Vault [ 2 ] is a prototype archival repository intended for digital libraries .
The archive consists of a write - once log of digital objects ( files ) and several auxiliary indexes for locating objects within the log .
Objects are identified by the hash of their contents using a cyclic redundancy check ( CRC ) .
Unlike Venti , this system has no way to share data between objects that are partially the same , or to build up complex data structures such as a file system hierarchy .
Rather , the archive consists of a collection of separate objects with a limited ability to group objects into sets .
On Venti , blocks are organized into more complex data structures by creating hash - trees , an idea originally proposed by Merkle [ 11 ] for an efficient digital signature scheme .
The approach to block retrieval in the Read - Only Secure File System ( SFSRO ) [ 3 ] is comparable to Venti .
Blocks are identified by the Sha1 hash of their contents and this idea is applied recursively to build up more complex structures .
The focus of this system is security , not archival storage .
An administrator creates a digitally signed database offline .
The database contains a public read - only file system that can be published on multiple servers and efficiently and securely accessed by clients .
SFSRO outperforms traditional methods for providing data integrity between a client and a file server , demonstrating an attractive property of hash - based addressing .
Given their similarities , it would be simple to implement SFSRO on top of Venti .
The goal of Venti is to provide a flexible location for archival storage and SFSRO is a good example of an application that could use this capability .
In fact , using Venti would provide a trivial solution to SFSRO 's problem with stale NFS handles since data is never deleted from Venti and thus a stale handle will never be encountered .
Content - Derived Names [ 6 ] are another example of naming objects based on a secure hash of its contents .
This work addresses the issue of naming and managing the various binary software components , in particular shared libraries , that make up an application .
The philosophy of the Elephant file system [ 18 ] is similar to Venti ; large , cheap disks make it feasible to retain many versions of data .
A feature of the Elephant system is the ability to specify a variety of data retention policies , which can be applied to individual files or directories .
These policies attempt to strike a balance between the costs and benefits of storing every version of a file .
In contrast , Venti focuses on the problem of how to store information after deciding that it should be retained in perpetuity .
A system such as the Elephant file system could incorporate Venti as the storage device for the permanent " landmark " versions of files , much as the Plan 9 file system will use Venti to archive snapshots .
Self - Securing Storage [ 19 ] retains all versions of file system data in order to provide diagnosis and recovery from security breaches .
The system is implemented as a self - contained network service that exports an object - based disk interface , providing protection from compromise of the client operating system .
Old data is retained for a window of time and then deleted to reclaim storage .
Venti provides many of the features of self - securing storage : the server is self - contained and accessed through a simple low - level protocol , malicious users cannot corrupt or delete existing data on the server , and old versions of data are available for inspection .
It is unlikely that a system would write every file system operation to Venti since storage is never reclaimed , but not deleting data removes the constraint that an intrusion must be detected within a limited window of time .
A hybrid approach might retain every version for some time and some versions for all time .
Venti could provide the long - term storage for such a hybrid .
9. Future Work
Venti could be distributed across multiple machines ; the approach of identifying data by a hash of its contents simplifies such an extension .
For example , the IO performance could be improved by replicating the server and using a simple load balancing algorithm .
When storing or retrieving a block , clients direct the operation to a server based on a few bits of the fingerprint .
Such load balancing could even be hidden from the client application by interposing a proxy server that performs this operation on behalf of the client .
Today , Venti provides little security .
After authenticating to the server , clients can read any block for which they know the fingerprint .
A fingerprint does act as a capability since the space of fingerprints is large and the Venti protocol does not include a means of enumerating the blocks on the server .
However , this protection is weak as a single root fingerprint enables access to an entire file tree and once a fingerprint is known , there is no way to restrict access to a particular user .
We are exploring ways of providing better access control .
To date , the structures we have used for storing data on Venti break files into a series of fixed sized blocks .
Identical blocks are consolidated on Venti , but this consolidation will not occur if the data is shifted within the file or an application uses a different block size .
This limitation can be overcome using an adaptation of Manber 's algorithm for finding similarities in files [ 9 ] .
The idea is to break files into variable sized blocks based on the identification of anchor or break points , increasing the occurrence of duplicate blocks [ 12 ] .
Such a strategy can be implemented in client applications with no change to the Venti server .
A more detailed analysis of the decade of daily snapshots of the Plan 9 file systems might be interesting .
The trace data we have made publicly available contains approximately the same information used for other studies of long term file activity [ 4 ] .
10 . Conclusion
The approach of identifying a block by the Sha1 hash of its contents is well suited to archival storage .
The write - once model and the ability to coalesce duplicate copies of a block makes Venti a useful building block for a number of interesting storage applications .
The large capacity of magnetic disks allows archival data to be retained and available on - line with performance that is comparable to conventional disks .
Stored on our prototype server is over a decade of daily snapshots of two major departmental file servers .
These snapshots are stored in a little over 200 Gbytes of disk space .
Today , 100 Gbytes drives cost less than $ 300 and IDE RAID controllers are included on many motherboards .
A scaled down version of our server could provide archival storage for a home user at an attractive price .
Tomorrow , when terabyte disks can be had for the same price , it seems unlikely that archival data will be deleted to reclaim space .
Venti provides an attractive approach to storing that data .
11 . Acknowledgments
This paper was improved by comments and suggestions from Peter Bosch , Eric Grosse , Lorenz Huelsbergen , Rob Pike , Ross Quinlan , and Cliff Young and six anonymous reviewers .
The paper 's shepherd was Ethan L. Miller .
We thank them all for their help .
12 . References
[ 1 ] Ann Chervenak , Vivekenand Vellanki , and Zachary Kurmas .
Protecting file systems : A survey of backup techniques .
In Proceedings Joint NASA and IEEE Mass Storage Conference , March 1998 .
[ 2 ] Arturo Crespo and Hector Garcia - Molina .
Archival storage for digital libraries .
In Proceedings of the 3rd ACM International Conference on Digital Libraries , 1998 .
[ 3 ] Kevin Fu , Frans Kaashoek , and David Mazières .
Fast and secure distributed read - only file system .
In Proceedings of the 4th Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation , 2000 .
[ 4 ] Timothy J. Gibson , Ethan L. Miller , and Darrell D. E. Long .
Long - term file activity and inter-reference patterns .
In Proceedings , 24th International Conference on Technology Management and Performance Evaluation of Enterprise - Wide Information Systems , Computer Measurement Group , December 1998 .
[ 5 ] Dave Hitz , James Lau , and Michael Malcolm , File system design for an NFS file server appliance , In Proceedings of the Winter 1994 USENIX Conference , San Francisco , CA , January 1994 .
[ 6 ] J. K. Hollingsworth and E. L. Miller .
Using content - derived names for configuration management .
In Proceeding of the 1997 ACM Symposium on Software Reusability , Boston , May 1997 .
[ 7 ]
John Howard , Michael Kazar , Sherri Menees , David Nichols , Mahadev Satyanarayanan , Robert Sidebotham , and Michael West .
Scale and performance in a distributed file system .
ACM Transactions on Computer Systems , 6( 1):51 - 81 , February 1988 .
[ 8 ] Norman C. Hutchinson , Stephen Manley , Mike Federwisch , Guy Harris , Dave Hitz , Steven Kleiman , and Sean O'Malley .
Logical vs. physical file system backup .
In Proceedings of the 3rd USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation ( OSDI ) , 1999 .
[ 9 ] Udi Manber .
Finding similar files in a large file system .
In Proceedings of the Winter 1994 USENIX Conference , San Francisco , CA , January 1994 .
[ 10 ] Alfred J. Menezes , Paul C. van Oorschot , and Scott A. Vanstone .
Handbook of Applied Cryptography .
CRC Press , 1996 .
[ 11 ] Ralph C. Merkle .
Protocols for public - key cryptosystems .
In Proceedings of the IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy , pp. 122-133 , April 1980 .
[ 12 ] Athicha Muthitacharoen , Benjie Chen , and David Mazières .
A low - bandwidth network file system .
In Proceedings of the 18th Symposium on Operating Systems Principles , October 2001 .
[ 13 ] National Institute of Standards and Technology , FIPS 180 - 1. Secure Hash Standard .
US Department of Commerce , April 1995 .
[ 14 ] National Institute of Standards and Technology , Draft FIPS 180 - 2. Secure Hash Standard .
US Department of Commerce , May 2001 .
[ 15 ] Evi Nemeth , Garth Snyder , Scott Seebass , and Trent R. Hein .
UNIX System Administration Handbook 3rd Edition , Prentice Hall , 2001 .
[ 16 ] Rob Pike , Dave Presotto , Sean Dorward , Bob Flandrena , Ken Thompson , Howard Trickey , and Phil Winterbottom .
Plan 9 from Bell Labs , Computing Systems , Vol. 8 , 3 , pp. 221-254 , Summer 1995 .
[ 17 ] Sean Quinlan .
A cache worm file system .
Software - Practice and Experience , Vol 21 , 12 , pp 1289 - 1299 , December 1991 .
[ 18 ] Douglas S. Santry , Michael J. Feeley , Norman C. Hutchinson , Alistair C. Veitch , Ross W. Carton and Jacob Ofir .
Deciding when to forget in the Elephant file system .
In Proceedings of the 17th Symposium on Operating Systems Principles , December 12 - 15 , 1999 .
[ 19 ] John .
D. Strunk , Garth R. Goodson , Michael L. Scheinholtz , Craig A.N. Soules , and Gregory R. Ganger .
Self - securing storage : protecting data in compromised systems .
In Proceedings of the 4th Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation , October 2000 .
[ 20 ] D. A. Thompson and J. S. Best .
The future of magnetic data storage technology , IBM Journal of Research and Development , Vol 44 , 3 , pp. 311-322 , May 2000 .
[ 21 ] J. Ziv and A. Lempel .
A universal algorithm for sequential data compression , IEEE Trans .
Inform .
Theory , vol .
IT - 23 , pp. 337-343 , May 1977 .
I was surrounded by waste and excess : styrofoam cups , plastic straws , paper wrappers , thin plastic placemats , and plasticrap toys .
Across the table , First Son and Second Son were filling their toothy grins with french fries ( deep fried ) and chicken strips ( probably full of antibiotics and hormones ) , eager to finish eating so they would have time for the indoor playground .
It was Second Son 's birthday , and we were at Chick - Fil - A .
My boys were delighted , and I was weighed down with guilt .
I did n't plan to have Second Son 's birthday dinner at a fast food restaurant .
We were there because of poor planning on my part , and that was partially the cause of my guilt .
But these days I feel guilty about a lot of things .
Not just anytime I step foot inside a fast food restaurant , but also when I forget to take my cloth bags to the grocery store , or buy a Coke at the gas station because I forgot my stainless steel water bottle , or make a trip to Target because I 've searched in vain for a used belt and can't justify to myself spending $ 40 on a belt made from recycled materials .
And I spend more than my fair share of over - thinking - it time , like when my flip flops broke , and oh , crap , good shoes are really hard to find at a thrift store , but where am I going to find affordable flip flops made from sustainable materials by someone who 's not getting screwed for being born in a different country ?
This is the curse of being a Conscious Shopper , and it's at those moments that I can understand why some people say , " It 's better not to know " and others say , " I try not to care . "
But I have a solution ...
It 's during those extreme moments of guilt and over - thinking - it that it 's time to turn to the 80/20 Rule .
The 80/20 Rule Defined
You may have heard of the 80/20 rule of dieting that suggests that if you eat healthy 80 % of the time , it 's okay to blow your diet the other 20 % of the time .
Put in practice , this means that if you eat healthy Monday through Friday , you can scarf down a burger and fries on Saturday night and indulge in some ice cream on Sunday .
But the 80/20 rule can be used for much more than just diet .
Rephrase it a little , and it could say , " If you live green , 80 % of the time , it 's okay to blow it the other 20 % of the time .
Used in this way , the 80/20 Rule can give you some room to wiggle as you transition to a greener lifestyle .
The 80/20 Rule in Action
A few months ago , I mentioned the 80/20 rule as a Jogging Stride suggestion in my post about using fewer paper towels : 80 % of the time reach for cloth first .
The other 20 % of the time , use paper towels made with recycled content .
Here are some other examples :
If I try to feed my family healthy , made - from - scratch meals 80 % of the time , it 's okay to indulge in fast food for the other 20 % of our meals .
If I am able to purchase 80 % of our food from organic or local sources , then 20 % of the time , it 's okay to eat hot dogs and macaroni and cheese .
If 80 % of our clothes are from the thrift store or other eco-friendly sources , then 20 % of our clothes can come from Target .
If we try to live sustainably 80 % of the year , it 's okay to take some vacations from green living the other 20 % of the time .
The 80/20 Rule of Not Being Too Hard on Yourself
Can you think of any other examples where the 80/20 rule could apply to green living ?
Photo by ebruli
Some people might argue that an 80 % effort is not enough .
Perhaps they are right ... But as I sat at Chick - Fil - A , unable to turn off my eco-conscious conscience , I could sense an encroaching environmental burnout .
And it's at those moments that the 80/20 rule is essential .80 % of the time I give 100 % , but 20 % of the time , I give myself a little slack .
By default , Django does n't do explicit table locking .
This is OK for most read - heavy scenarios , but sometimes you need guaranteed , exclusive access to the data .
Caktus uses PostgreSQL in most of our production environments , so we can use the various lock modes it provides to control concurrent access to the data .
Once we obtain a lock in PostgreSQL , it is held for the remainder of the current transaction .
Django provides transaction management , so all we need to do is execute a SQL LOCK statement within a transaction , and Django and PostgreSQL will handle the rest .
Below is an example decorator we came up with to provide easy table - locking access in Django :
from django.db import transaction LOCK_MODES = ( ' ACCESS SHARE ' , ' ROW SHARE ' , ' ROW EXCLUSIVE ' , ' SHARE UPDATE EXCLUSIVE ' , ' SHARE ' , ' SHARE ROW EXCLUSIVE ' , ' EXCLUSIVE ' , ' ACCESS EXCLUSIVE ' , ) def require_lock ( model , lock ) : " " " Decorator for PostgreSQL 's table - level lock functionality Example : @transaction.commit_on_success @require_lock ( MyModel , ' ACCESS EXCLUSIVE ') def myview ( request ) ...
PostgreSQL's LOCK Documentation : http://www.postgresql.org/docs/8.3/interactive/sql-lock.html " " " def require_lock_decorator ( view_func ) : def wrapper ( * args , ** kwargs ) : if lock not in LOCK_MODES : raise ValueError ( ' %s is not a PostgreSQL supported lock mode . ' ) from django.db import connection cursor = connection .
cursor ( ) cursor .
execute ( ' LOCK TABLE %s IN %s MODE ' % ( model .
_meta .
db_table , lock ) ) return view_func ( * args , ** kwargs ) return wrapper return require_lock_decorator
This is , by no means , a perfect solution .
Feel free to comment below .
Two Police Officers Suspended for Recycling 300 Copies of ‘ The Tech ’
The MIT Police have been hit hard by the arrest of one of their own , officer Joseph D’Amelio , who was apprehended on Saturday in East Boston with more than 800 tablets containing oxycodone , and $ 16,000 in cash .
D’Amelio has been charged with drug trafficking and is in jail on $ 500,000 bail .
MIT is forming a panel to review D’Amelio ’s activities and their implications .
Separately , two MIT Police officers were suspended Wednesday after admitting that they cleared 300 Tech issues off the stands in the student center and put them in paper recycling late Tuesday night .
Tuesday ’s
Tech prominently featured an article and photograph about D’Amelio ’s arrest .
The Tech received a tip late Tuesday night that police officers had removed copies of The Tech from stands in the Student Center .
The 300 newspapers were found in a recycling bin outside .
Another 100 papers were found in a recycling bin at the east end of the Infinite Corridor .
The Tech filed a police report .
On Wednesday , the two officers came forward through the Campus Police Association , their union , according to both Campus Police Chief John DiFava and union president Joseph S. West .
DiFava said the officers were placed on administrative leave without pay .
The police department is “ looking into the entire incident , photographs , interviews , ” DiFava said .
DiFava expects the investigation to complete within days , not weeks .
Members of the MIT Police are under a lot of stress right now , West said , referring to the arrest of D’Amelio .
“ It ’s a very dark time in the MIT Police history , ” said Brian J. Sousa , the union ’s shop steward .
“ It ’s affecting a lot of people personally , ” he said .
As police officers , any questionable incidents put their reputation at risk , and this incident is no exception .
“ We do take a lot of heat , ” West said .
“ We want to apologize for the unfortunate incident that took place , ” West said .
“ As a union , we ’ve never experienced an incident like this . ”
In a joint statement , DiFava and Kirk D. Kolenbrander , vice president for institute affairs , said “ This is a very serious matter .
Openness of communication is of fundamental importance at MIT .
Free and open distribution of The Tech is very much within that value , and has to be treated with the highest seriousness and sensitivity . ”
“ I ca n’t emphasize how seriously we take this , ” DiFava said .
“ This was incredibly egregious , ” referring to the newspaper theft .
Police union officials said that the two suspended officers made a mistake , but should be allowed to return to work .
“ They ’re both great guys , ” said David Smith , vice president of the union .
“ We do n’t believe they deserve to be fired , ” he said .
West said both officers have “ unbelievable track records , ” and that both have been with the MIT Police for over ten years , and have families to support .
“ All we can do is apologize , ” West said .
“ We ’re going to work harder to make the trust come back from the students , the faculty , and the staff , ” he said .
Students seem forgiving
Students seem to think that the theft incident did n’t deserve major punishment .
Daniel D. Hawkins ’ 12 said that this “ only fuels the distrust that the MIT community feels for the Police , ” but that “ suspension without pay for a while would be an appropriate punishment . ”
Manuel Cabral ’ 12 said that “ relations are pretty strained .
It would be nice if we could get along better .
We can work things out .
Giving them a second chance would be better than saying ‘ you ca n’t have your job . ’ ”
Police review panel will form
In response to D’Amelio ’s arrest , MIT is forming a review panel to “ investigate the arrest and its ramifications , ” according to a statement released Thursday by Executive Vice President Theresa M. Stone SM ’ 76 .
The panel will consist of “ experienced , respected , objective individuals , ” and will report to President Susan J. Hockfield and Provost Rafael L. Reif .
“ Ensuring the safety of MIT ’s students , faculty , and staff is MIT ’s paramount concern , ” the statement said .
The panel will not include students , Kolenbrander said .
ABOUT SUPER 30
What 's New
Super 30 is a highly ambitious and innovative educational
program running under the banner of " Ramanujan School of
Mathematics " .
It hunts for 30 meritorious talents from
among the economically backward sections of the society
and shapes them for India 's most prestigious institution –
the Indian Institute of Technology ( IIT ) .
In the last seven
years , it has produced hundreds IITians from extremely
poor background .
During this program students are
provided absolutely free coaching , lodging and food .
Super 30 targets students from extremely poor families .
They have all seen the change with sheer disbelief in
their eyes that their children are now going to be top
technocrats .
Welcome to the official website of
Amazing school
In the list of most four innovative schools of the world
Amazing school
Amazing school
Spoiler Talk : Explanations For 10 Gripes People Have About The New ‘ Star Trek ’ Film
Ok , so I ’m extending the Week of Geek Star Trek edition by one more day , because after two viewings of the new film and countless comments and forum posts I ’ve read about it , I felt I should address some of the likes and dislikes about the JJ Abrams ‘ prequel / reboot that people have expressed .
When I went to see the new Star Trek twice this weekend , I snarked not .
I ’m not saying that it ’s a perfectly crafted story with no plot holes and no highly improbably scenarios .
I ’m just saying that the film was so entertaining for me on a whole that while watching it , I was never taken out of the story by those “ WTF ? ” moments that every single film has .
And , I really thought I would , because I typically can’t get down with time - travel stories .
Yeah , I love me some Back To The Future and Bill and Ted ’s Excellent Adventure , but those are comedies .
You do n’t fear the time - travel complications the way you do in a movie like Star Trek , where lives can be altered permanently and you ca n’t just laugh off the consequences .
But , like I said , every film has those “ WTF ? ” moments , and for Star Trek , I ’m seeing posts and comments all over the internet about people ’s issues with the film .
Some of these queries into the film are more easily answered than others .
Therefore , here ’s some possible explanations for 10 issues consistently noted by people who ’ve seen the film , as well as a list of why the new Star Trek film is all right with me .
WARNING : This article contains mega-SPOILERS , so if you have n’t seen the new Star Trek , enter at your own risk .
There be SPOILERS here , Admiral !
Possible Explanations To Top 10 Gripes
1 – How can they beam people aboard a starship that ’s traveling at warp speed , but yet they have trouble beaming back two people falling from a drill platform ?
It ’s because that transwarp beaming , which allowed Kirk and Scotty to beam back on to the warping Enterprise , was what only Scotty knew how to do and he was not aboard the ship when Kirk and Sulu were freefalling onto Vulcan without a parachute .
The real question is , if Chekov could beam two people freefalling back to the ship , why did he have trouble beaming the Vulcans up quickly when they were n’t even moving ?
Obviously , they had to make Spock ’s mom ’s death dramatic , and it certainly was , especially afterwards when Spock is staring at the spot she should have been beamed to on the Enterprise transporter pad .
Perhaps it was the seismic conditions on Vulcan making it difficult to quickly beam them aboard .
2 – Kirk being stranded conveniently near a Starfeet outpost on Delta Vega .
Spock did NOT maroon Kirk on the ice planet Delta Vega to die , he just wanted Kirk off the Enterprise and out of the way , as it was obvious that simply placing Kirk in the Brig would not be enough to stop him .
( Plus , Kirk was never even supposed to be on the Enterprise to begin with . )
So , Spock had him ejected to the surface of Delta Vega right near the Starfleet outpost .
Why Nero dropped Spock in that same location , that I do n’t know .
Perhaps that was the only real inhabitable area on the surface ( think Greenland , ca n’t just land anywhere there ) and since Nero wanted Spock to live to see the destruction of Vulcan , it would make sense to leave him somewhere he would survive , at least for a little while .
3 – Why did n’t Scotty know about the destruction of the planet Vulcan if Delta Vega and Vulcan were so close to each other ?
Looking back , I do n’t think Scotty mentioned anything about Vulcan and he seemed only concerned with getting a sandwich .
Maybe Vulcan ’s destruction had n’t yet effected Delta Vega , so the computer did not bring up an alert .
Or , perhaps there ’s no alert system in place for that .
I mean , if I google something , my computer brings up the information , but if a building collapses a block away from me , my computer does not alert me to it ( and I ’m in Manhattan where there are building and crane collapses all the time — and yet I do n’t find out about them until I turn on the news ) .
But , yeah , it does seem strange that Scotty does n’t know AND that Spock and Kirk did n’t bother to tell him — although , they had more pressing matters at hand .
4 – If it was a Starfleet outpost , then why did n’t Scotty have food ?
He clearly did have food , but it seems like the only food he had left were military rations — not exactly appetizing .
It ’s possible that he was only supposed to be stationed there for six months , which would mean he was at the end of his time on that assignment ( hence why he was n’t surprised to have visitors ) .
This was an outpost , not a base — think International Space Station , not a ton of people up there .
Obviously , getting stationed there is not ideal , but since he pissed the wrong person off , that was the undesirable assignment he got .
5 – Chekov ’s thick Russian accent .
Ok , here ’s the thing .
Chekov ’s Russian accent in the original series and subsequent movies IS strong .
Remember in Star Trek IV , he kept saying “ nuclear wessels ” ?
Actually .
He ’s younger in this new film , so it would stand to reason that his accent would be stronger and he ’d still have problems pronouncing the English V’s .
Also , Anton Yelchin , who plays Chekov in the new movie , IS Russian and was born in Russia .
It ’s not just some American guy putting on a thick Russian accent ; if anything , he knows what he ’s doing .
I ’m familar enough with Russian accents to know that he was n’t really putting it on that thick ( my stepmother and her family are from Russia and after speaking English for over 30 years already , they can still be hard to understand ) .
I think over time , people will get used to Chekov ’s speaking and it an issue anymore after several viewings of the new Star Trek .
6 – The Spock and Uhura relationship and why were they kissing in the transporter room in front of people ?
I had no problem with relationship between Spock and Uhura and thought it was great to actually see Spock in love .
But there ’s only one reason why I think this relationship would be improbable — because Spock was her instructor at the Academy .
It ’s doubtful that Spock would go against a code of conduct to have relations with a student .
But , we do n’t know the origins of their relationship .
They could have meet when he was in a teaching assistant - type role where there would have been no conflict .
Or , maybe he had been her instructor at one point and they got together much later and she was never his student again .
As for the kissing scene in the transporter room , I think the only person there was Scotty and he did n’t even know them .
It makes sense that Uhura would go to see him before he left and since Spock basically thought he was on a suicide mission anyhow , there was no reason to hide .
He thought he was never going to see her again , so what did it matter if Scotty and later Kirk knew about them ?
Plus , that scene spouted some great comedic reactions from Kirk and it was really fun to see Spock get the girl for a change .
7 – If Kirk finished the Academy in only three years , how did the other cadets advance as fast ?
Pike says to Kirk that he can finish the Academy in four years ;
Kirk vows to do it in three and he seemingly does .
Before he enlists , when Kirk meets Uhura at the bar in Iowa , she is already a cadet at the Academy , presumably a year into her studies .
Bones , who enlisted when Kirk did , possibly advanced quicker as well because he was already an experienced doctor , so perhaps he got to skip the more basic medical training , thereby making it possible to graduate from the Academy in three years also .
We meet Chekov and Sulu on the bridge of the Enterprise , so we never knew their status when Kirk enlists .
Scotty we know was already in Starfleet and obviously out of the Academy since he was already out on assignment .
8 – Why was the Enterprise crewed by cadets ?
Where were the senior officers ?
When the alert came in at the Academy about seismic activities on Vulcan , it was stated that most of the fleet was stationed elsewhere , presumably not in range of Vulcan .
( So , the bigger question would be , is n’t it unwise to place most of your fleet in one area , leaving so many places unprotected — including Starfleet Academy ? )
Therefore , they had to resort to the cadets going on the mission , which — do n’t forget — seemed to be a relief effort from a natural disaster on Vulcan , NOT an active combat mission .
If there was an earthquake in California , but most of Red Cross workers were already providing relief to a previously stricken area — say , China — hit even harder by an earthquake , do n’t you think they ’d send out less experienced workers to California if that ’s all they had to send ?
That ’s what happened with the Vulcan situation .
And , there were Senior officers on the ship — like Spock , Pike , and the Senior Medical Officer who was killed , as well , I ’m sure , as many we did n’t get to meet .
9 – “ I canna change the laws of physics … ” Problems with the physics of black holes , supernovas , warping , starship construction , and more .
Physics was never my best subject in college , so I wo n’t even try to explain this one ; I ’ll leave that up to the likes of Dr. Geek , PhD .
But , I will say that while everyone has a problem with the changing of the laws of physics in science fiction movies , no one seems to acknowledge the super - human strengths of the heroes of these kinds of movies .
Kirk started out the mission with all those injections from Bones , which had harsh side effects ; he then space jumped to the drill platform and nearly fell off of it and had to fight mano - a- mano with a huge Romulan , ending in a near - death parachute - less freefall from the platform ; back on the Enterprise , Spock gave him the Vulcan nerve pinch , then he was ejected from the ship onto a frozen wasteland where he had to outrun TWO ice creatures , followed by a walk through harsh surface conditions to get to the Starfleet outpost ;
Spock later gave him a beat down , complete with the mythical death grip choke ; when Kirk went to the Narada to face Nero , he got another beat down from the Nero and his first officer .
All of this takes place in a relatively short time - span .
Do n’t you think he would have dropped dead from exhaustion or even at least passed out at some point ?
But , we accept Kirk ’s super - human ability to maintain his strength and never weaken because he is the action hero of the film ; therefore , we should probably allow for the breaking of the laws of physics in scifi movies .
10 – How could Kirk be promoted from Cadet to Captain ?
How would all those cadets be assigned to the Enterprise under him ?
It ’s a little unclear to me how long AFTER the events with Nero that Kirk was promoted .
Was it right away ?
Was it much later ?
That was really the one issue that stuck out to me in the entire film — that he would be promoted right to Captain .
I do n’t think any amount of heroics and valor would get your rank moved up so quickly ( outside of combat , that is — in combat , we see how easy it is to move up , if your senior officers are killed , but your rank does n’t stay that way forever ; it ’s only temporary ) .
I can see Pike going from Captain to Admiral without a problem , it actually makes sense because of his performance in combat , and he probably put in enough time to earn that rank , and he could n’t go back into active duty with his injuries .
Near the end of the film , Spock tells Kirk “ Tell Lieutenant Uhuru … ” but I ’m not sure if that was her rank for that mission only , or she had already earned it .
Spock and Scotty were already officers ; we never knew Sulu and Chekov ’s status when we met them and in the end , they took their places at the helm , so it ’s still unclear what there ranks were .
It ’s possibly that Uhura , Sulu , Scotty , and Chekov all were promoted too because of their actions during the battle with Nero .
Regardless , it ’s obvious that this was a way to get the original crew back on the Enterprise so that in the sequel they can get right back in action .
One Part I did n’t Understand Too Well :
Spock Prime and Nero go through the time warp in their relative ships .
Nero goes through first and he ’s there for 25 years before Spock Prime comes through .
When Spock Prime comes through , only minutes have passed .
Huh ?
I ’m quite confused about the time - traveling part with these two characters , so feel free to explain it to me .
Why I Loved Most Of The New Actors … and Not Others
— “ Buckle up ! ” and Chris Pine ’s rise to action hero heights .
While I thought Kirk ’s final Kobyashi Maru test would have been more epic than it was , I did love Chris Pine ‘s acting in this scene — it was pure Shatner and very reminiscent of Wrath of Khan ( even had the apple and everything ) .
The amazing thing about Pine ’s performance throughout the film is that while it was n’t a mimic of William Shatner , it had that same charisma .
You see him as Captain Kirk .
You trust that knows how to handle every situation — whether it ’s seemingly a no - one situation or not — or he at least will make the attempt to handle it , even if the odds are n’t in his favor .
The filmmakers did the right thing by putting this relatively unknown actor in the spotlight — they ’ve discovered a true gem .
— “ You will not lecture me … ” and all things Zachary Quinto .
Zachary Quinto totally rocked the young Spock role .
He is Spock .
No , he ’s not at the point of Spock ’s life that we are used to , but you can see that this young Spock will grow into the Leonard Nimoy character .
His chemistry with Chris Pine ’s Jim Kirk is spot - on and exactly what was needed to make us love Spock and Kirk together in this film and want to see their relationship evolve into the blood - brother one we love so much .
One of my favorite lines from Spock to Kirk : “ Out of the chair … ”
— “ Damnit , I ’m a doctor , not a physicist ” yet you ca n’t keep a good doctor like Bones in Sick Bay .
Basically every bit of Karl Urban ‘s performance and dialogue as Dr. Leonard “ Bones ” McCoy was amazing , perfect , beyond belief f’n fabulous .
How he almost never has to stay in Sick Bay where he belongs is still mind - boggling , but the Bridge would surely be no fun without him .
— “ I ’ll be monitoring your frequencies ” and the liberation of Uhura .
Zoe Saldana ‘s Uhura is strong and capable and luckily not living under the same sexist constraints of 1960 ’s U.S. television as Nichelle Nichols .
Saldana shows us why Uhura would land a coverted spot on the Enterprise — NOT because of her affair with Spock ( that almost cost her her desired assignment ) , but rather because she ’s a linguistics master .
Who would n’t want an officer who can speak all three Romulan dialects and be able to intercept and translate Klingon transmissions ?
She is basically C3PO !
Oh , and she ’s sexy as hell .
— “ Ready for warp ” and Sulu ’s unique combat skills .
While John Cho is typically the funny man in his films , in Trek he plays it straight as the helmsman of the Enterprise .
I loved it when we find out that Sulu ’s experience in combat is in fencing !
It got a laugh from the audience , but everyone cheered when he pulled out that folding Katana sword and did his best Jedi impression .
( It reminded me a lot of the scene in Return of the Jedi on Tatooine with Luke Skywalker fighting on the skiff ) .
Back on the bridge , we know this Sulu will maneuver the hell of those thrusters !
— “ Wictor , Wictor … ” and Chekov ’s wiz - kid abilities .
It ’s established right away that this teenager is really a genius , so it ’s a great way to place him aboard the Enterprise again at the end .
Anton Yelchin does his best as the young , enthusiastic ingenue , whose advanced knowledge saves the day at least once ( even if it was n’t enough on Vulcan ) .
— “ I like this ship ” and every scene Simon Pegg is in .
It ’s clear that Simon Pegg , who plays the starving Montgomery “ Scotty ” Scott , steals every scene he ’s in , so perhaps it ’s good that he was n’t in too many .
I was n’t sure how Pegg would pull off this beloved character , but he does it — and does it well .
Scotty spin - off movie , I say “ Aye ” !
Honorable Mentions
Leonard Nimoy
I know , I do n’t even have to mention Leonard Nimoy because it ’s a given that if he ’s in a Star Trek film , he ’s the biggest asset .
I had chills down my arms and legs every time Nimoy was on the screen , not to mention the teary eyes .
His presence elevated this new movie to a level that any Trek fan should be proud of .
Bruce Greenwood
Bruce Greenwood ‘s Captain Christopher
Pike served well as the mentor for the new cadets aboard the Enterprise .
His promotion to Admiral at the end of the film was quite fitting .
Ben Cross
As Spock ’s father Sarek , Ben Cross reminded us of why we just love Vulcans so damn much .
Yeah , he shows no emotions , but does he need to ?
The love and caring for his son is obvious even without emotions and we can see why Spock ’s human mother Amanda would fall in love with this man .
Chris Hemsworth and Jennifer Morrison
While there scenes were short , Chris Hemsworth and Jennifer Morrison opened the film as Jim Kirk ’s parents George and Winona Kirk aboard the USS Kelvin , which was under attack by Nero as a very pregnant Winona went into labor with Jim .
After this opening sequence , you wish so badly that these are the parents Jim Kirk had been raised with .
Thought his father was killed , his mother survived the attack and the birth of her son , but it ’s not clear why then Jim was raised in Iowa by his Uncle in this version if his mother was still alive .
( You hear the Uncle telling Jim that his mother is “ off planet . ” )
Either way , both actors did a great job using what little time they had on - screen to make us endeared to them instantly .
DisHonorable Mentions
Unfortunately , while I love Eric Bana , I do n’t think his Romulan character or his performance in the new film were anything special .
As Nero , Bana had to play the over - the - top villain who ’s crazed out of his mind where he ’d rather die than live without achieving his revenge , similar to Khan in Wrath of Khan .
But his performance was far from Khan .
The true stand - out Romulan in the film is Nero ’s first mate ( ca n’t remember his name in the movie ) — he was way more badass and frightening because he maintained his wits about him .
Another disappointment — Winona Ryder as Spock ’s human mother .
I ’m not sure if it was the poor quality of her “ aging ” make - up or if she just will always sound like she ’s her character from Heathers , but I felt that she brought nothing unique to this role .
Not that she ruined it , but I just do n’t see why it was so important for them to get her for the role , especially since she ’s not old enough to be Spock ’s mom and they had to age her on - screen .
Well , that ’s it for this edition of Spoiler Talk , at least on my end .
Now it ’s time for you guys to offer up your explanations and comments about the new film , its possible plotholes , and / or what you loved / hated about it .
I welcome all of your comments … except the ones that call me stupid and stuff .
Bybee ’s memo was aimed at one particular detainee , Abu Zubaydah , who had been captured some four months earlier , in late March 2002 .
Zubaydah is portrayed in the memo ( as he was publicly by Bush after his capture ) as one of the top men in Al Qaeda .
But by August this had been proven false .
As Ron Suskind reported in his book “ The One Percent Doctrine , ” Zubaydah was identified soon after his capture as a logistics guy , who , in the words of the F.B.I. ’s top- ranking Qaeda analyst at the time , Dan Coleman , served as the terrorist group ’s flight booker and “ greeter , ” like “ Joe Louis in the lobby of Caesar ’s Palace . ”
Zubaydah “ knew very little about real operations , or strategy . ”
He showed clinical symptoms of schizophrenia .
By the time Bybee wrote his memo , Zubaydah had been questioned by the F.B.I. and C.I.A. for months and had given what limited information he had .
His most valuable contribution was to finger Khalid Shaikh Mohammed as the 9/11 mastermind .
But , as Jane Mayer wrote in her book “ The Dark Side , ” even that contribution may have been old news : according to the 9/11 commission , the C.I.A. had already learned about Mohammed during the summer of 2001 .
In any event , as one of Zubaydah ’s own F.B.I. questioners , Ali Soufan , wrote in a Times Op - Ed article last Thursday , traditional interrogation methods had worked .
Yet Bybee ’s memo purported that an “ increased pressure phase ” was required to force Zubaydah to talk .
As soon as Bybee gave the green light , torture followed : Zubaydah was waterboarded at least 83 times in August 2002 , according to another of the newly released memos .
Unsurprisingly , it appears that no significant intelligence was gained by torturing this mentally ill Qaeda functionary .
So why the overkill ?
Bybee ’s memo invoked a ticking time bomb : “ There is currently a level of ‘ chatter ’ equal to that which preceded the September 11 attacks . ”
We do n’t know if there was such unusual “ chatter ” then , but it ’s unlikely Zubaydah could have added information if there were .
Perhaps some new facts may yet emerge if Dick Cheney succeeds in his unexpected and welcome crusade to declassify documents that he says will exonerate administration interrogation policies .
Meanwhile , we do have evidence for an alternative explanation of what motivated Bybee to write his memo that August , thanks to the comprehensive Senate Armed Services Committee report on detainees released last week .
The report found that Maj .
Paul Burney , a United States Army psychiatrist assigned to interrogations in Guantánamo Bay that summer of 2002 , told Army investigators of another White House imperative : “ A large part of the time we were focused on trying to establish a link between Al Qaeda and Iraq and we were not being successful . ”
As higher - ups got more “ frustrated ” at the inability to prove this connection , the major said , “ there was more and more pressure to resort to measures ” that might produce that intelligence .
Image Frank Rich Credit ...
Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
In other words , the ticking time bomb was not another potential Qaeda attack on America but the Bush administration ’s ticking timetable for selling a war in Iraq ; it wanted to pressure Congress to pass a war resolution before the 2002 midterm elections .
Bybee ’s memo was written the week after the then - secret ( and subsequently leaked ) “ Downing Street memo , ” in which the head of British intelligence informed Tony Blair that the Bush White House was so determined to go to war in Iraq that “ the intelligence and facts were being fixed around the policy . ”
A month after Bybee ’s memo , on Sept. 8 , 2002 , Cheney would make his infamous appearance on “ Meet the Press , ” hyping both Saddam ’s W.M.D.s and the “ number of contacts over the years ” between Al Qaeda and Iraq .
If only 9/11 could somehow be pinned on Iraq , the case for war would be a slamdunk .
US politician Ron Paul has said that he will have to apologise to his supporters for not punching Sacha Baron Cohen when he tricked him into a spoof interview for his upcoming movie Bruno .
The 73 - year - old failed presidential candidate told ABC Radio that the interview did not occur in a hotel as it appears in the film but instead took place in a studio made to look like a bedroom .
Paul said : " I was expecting an interview on Austrian economics .
So , that did n't turn out that way .
But by the time he started pulling his pants down ... I ran out of the room .
' This interview has ended . '
" When this all gets out , I 'm probably going to have to apologise to my supporters because I think most of them are going to figure out why in the world did n't I sock this guy in the nose ? "
He added : " Movies I used to see include Sound of Music .
Tonight , I was sitting here watching Gone With The Wind .
So , I do n't watch that kind of stuff .
" I understand he makes a lot of money .
But , if he makes a lot of money - I have to permit the market to do this . "
> Click here to watch the trailer for the new Bruno movie
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates said Thursday that he expected staunch opposition in Congress to the Obama administration ’s plans to release some of the Chinese Muslims detained at Guantanamo into the United States .
Confirming the plans for the first time , Gates said that the administration intended to release some of the 17 Chinese Uighurs into the U.S. as part of the process of closing the prison , although he added that a final decision had not been made .
Gates said the Uighurs would face persecution if they were returned to China , as Beijing has demanded .
Republicans and some Democrats in Congress have expressed strong opposition to the plan to free the Uighurs to live in American communities .
Gates said he understood that almost any administration move on Guantanamo was likely to be controversial .
“ I fully expect to have 535 pieces of legislation before this is over saying , ‘ Not in my district , not in my state , ’ ” Gates said , referring to the number of senators and members of the House .
Advertisement
Gates , testifying before a Senate appropriations subcommittee , said it would be difficult to transfer other detainees to third countries if the U.S. did not accept some .
Like the Chinese Muslims , many of those held at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , could face torture or other persecution if they are sent to their home countries .
“ It ’s difficult for the State Department to make the argument to other countries they should take these people that we have deemed in this case not to be dangerous if we wo n’t take any of them ourselves , ” he said .
Twenty - two of the Uighurs were handed over to U.S. forces in Pakistan in 2002 .
The Uighurs , part of a movement that seeks independence from China , had received weapons training at a camp in Afghanistan , but are not considered a threat to the U.S. and are no longer considered “ enemy combatants . ”
Gates said there also were 50 to 100 detainees at Guantanamo who were considered too dangerous to release .
Advertisement
Under questioning , Gates acknowledged that the administration might continue to use the controversial military commission set up by former President Bush , and later approved by Congress , to prosecute some of the detainees .
President Obama ordered a halt to all military commission trials during his first days in office , and many human rights groups believed that the administration had repudiated the controversial tribunals , which are allowed to use evidence that would be barred in civilian courts .
But senior administration officials have said privately that they may need to retain the commissions for some detainees .
Gates confirmed that Thursday , saying the Justice Department was examining whether to continue to use the commissions and what changes might be necessary .
“ The commissions are very much still on the table , ” Gates said .
Advertisement
His comment drew criticism from some human rights advocates .
“ If the United States were to simply move the detainees onto U.S. soil and continue to detain them without charge or legal process , then the act of closing Guantanamo would have been meaningless , ” said Sharon Bradford Franklin , a lawyer for the Constitution Project , an advocacy group .
--
julian.barnes@latimes.com
Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
The young elephant seal rests alongside another of normal colour ( R Reisinger ) .
A white southern elephant seal has been spotted on a sub-Antarctic beach .
It is the first confirmed sighting of such an animal .
Eared seals , which include sea lions and fur seals are more usually seen sporting unusual colours , but not true seals , a group which includes elephant seals .
Details of the seal , which has creamy white fur but normal brown eyes and nose , have been published in the journal Polar Biology .
" It 's quite something in a species which is well - known , " says Ryan Reisinger of the University of Pretoria in South Africa , one of the researchers who discovered the animal on Marion Island .
For example , southern elephant seals from many colonies were hunted for decades within the nineteenth and twentieth centuries .
In more recent times , scientists have also extensively studied the animals .
" Yet this is the first confirmed case of leucism in the species , " says Reisinger .
The white seal , a young female , is leucistic , rather than albinistic .
Albino animals lack pigment in just their eyes , or in their eyes , skin and hair , and they inherit the condition .
Leucistic animals have little pigment and appear white all over , but with dark coloured eyes .
White fur but normal brown eyes ( R Reisinger ) .
The white seal has a uniformly creamy white coat of fur , with normal dark brown eyes and nose .
Its whiskers , eyebrows and fingernails on its flippers are also light coloured compared to the species ' usual dark colour .
" To our knowledge , we 're the first to provided detailed evidence of such an animal anywhere , " says Reisinger .
The research team sighted the white seal on 23 August 2008 on Whale Bird beach on Marion Island , which lies in the sub-Antarctic region of the Indian Ocean .
On 30 August , the researchers saw the seal again and got close enough to confirm its leucism , tag it and take a skin biopsy .
They estimate the animal was between one and two years old , and was likely born either on nearby Prince Edward Island or further afield on Iles Crozet .
Reisinger says it 's impossible to say precisely how rare the animal is .
" We ca n't put it in terms of one in a million , or one in a hundred thousand . "
But he and his colleagues have been monitoring and tagging elephant seals for years on the island without having seen one .
While there have been a few rare previous records of lighter coloured elephant seals , none have been confirmed as leucestic .
The young seal resting on Marion Island ( R Reisinger ) .
The researchers were actually on the look out for leucestic Antarctic fur seals when they spotted the white elephant seal .
Antarctic fur seas are usually grey and brown , but numerous white Antarctic fur seals have been spotted before .
Last year five unusually coloured Antarctic fur seals were seen on Livingston Island , including one partially leucistic pup that had fur like a tiger 's stripes and another piebald individual , the first time such coat patterns have been seen .
In February 2007 , researchers also spotted the first known leucestic South American sea lion on the coast of Paso Shag , near the Magellan Strait in Chile .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Cost of Opposing Hugo Chavez
An important new working paper by Chang - Tai Hsieh , Edward Miguel , Daniel Ortega , and Francisco Rodríguez examines whether Hugo Chavez opposition voters in Venezuela paid a price for their opposition .
Between late 2002 and August 2004 , more than 4.7 million Venezuelans signed petitions in favor of a recall election for Chavez despite widespread threats that signers would be punished .
After Chavez ’s victory in the August 2004 recall election , a list of supporters of the final petition was distributed throughout the public sector in a simple software package .
Using data from household surveys , the authors determine that opposition voters experienced a 5 percent drop in earnings and a 1.5 percent drop in employment rates after their names were released .
The authors also conclude that the retaliatory measures may have cost Venezuela up to 3 percent of G.D.P. due to misallocation of workers across jobs .
( HT : Marginal Revolution ) [ % comments ]
President and Laura Bush 's Deviled Eggs Recipe
12 large eggs , boiled hard and peeled
1 Tbsp ( plus ) soft butter
1 Tbsp ( plus ) mayonnaise
1 Tbsp Dijon mustard
1/2 tsp Yucatan Sunshine Habanero sauce
Salt to taste
Cut eggs in half and set aside .
Put egg yolks in food processor and add all ingredients .
Process for 20 seconds or until mixture has blended .
Check for taste and increase mustard , salt or Habanero sauce if desired .
Place mixture in piping bag with star tip and pipe into egg halves .
Sprinkle with paprika and chopped parsley .
Chill for about an hour before serving .
Note about Yucatan Sunshine Habanero sauce : Habanero is a type of hot sauce , which can be substituted with Tabasco sauce .
Yucatan Sunshine and other brands of the sauce can be purchased at most local supermarkets nationwide .
The Bushes used the Yucatan Sunshine Habanero when living in Texas , and now the White House chef uses the sauce in a variety of recipes .
MUSIC NEWS - Apple Corps Ltd. and EMI Music have announced plans to release the original Beatles catalogue ( full list below ) , digitally re-mastered for the first time , for worldwide CD release on Wednesday , September 9 , 2009 ( 9-9-09 ) .
That 's the same day the anticipated " The Beatles : Rock Band " video game will be out ( see Beatles RockBand video game ordering details ) .
Each of the CDs are packaged with replicated original UK album art , with expanded booklets containing original and newly written liner notes and rare photos .
For a limited time , each CD will also be embedded with a brief documentary film about the album .
Also on 9/09/09 , date , two new Beatles boxed CD collections will be released .
The albums have been re-mastered by a team of engineers at EMI 's Abbey Road Studios in London over a four year period using state of the art recording technology alongside vintage studio equipment , carefully maintaining the authenticity and integrity of the original analogue recordings .
The result of this process is said to be the highest fidelity the catalogue has seen since its original release .
The collection includes all 12 Beatles albums in stereo , with track listings and artwork as originally released in the UK , and ' Magical Mystery Tour , ' which became part of The Beatles ' core catalogue when the CDs were first released in 1987 .
In addition , the collections ' Past Masters Vol .
I and II ' are now combined as one title , for a total of 14 titles over 16 discs .
This will mark the first time that the first four Beatles albums will be out in stereo in their entirety on compact disc .
These 14 albums , along with a DVD collection of the documentaries , will also be available for purchase together in a stereo boxed set .
Order your Beatles Remastered today !
With each CD 's new packaging , booklets include detailed historical notes along with informative recording notes are included .
With the exception of the ' Past Masters ' set , newly produced mini-documentaries on the making of each album , directed by Bob Smeaton , are included as QuickTime files on each album .
The documentaries contain archival footage , rare photographs and never - before - heard studio chat from The Beatles , offering a unique and very personal insight into the studio atmosphere .
A second boxed set has been created with the collector in mind .
' The Beatles in Mono ' gathers together , in one place , all of the Beatles recordings that were mixed for a mono release .
It will contain 10 of the albums with their original mono mixes , plus two further discs of mono masters ( covering similar ground to the stereo tracks on ' Past Masters ' ) .
As an added bonus , the mono " Help ! " and " Rubber Soul " discs also include the original 1965 stereo mixes , which have not been previously released on CD .
These albums will be packaged in mini-vinyl CD replicas of the original sleeves with all original inserts and label designs retained .
No word yet on the digital distribution of the catalog , though George Harrison 's son , Dhani , recently commented that a " self distribution " by Apple Corps is a possibility ( see MNN story here ) !
In the meantime , complete your Beatles cd collection here .
Release Details -
The Stereo Albums ( available individually and collected in a stereo boxed set ) , have been remastered by Guy Massey , Steve Rooke , Sam Okell with Paul Hicks and Sean Magee .
All CD packages contain original vinyl artwork and liner notes with extensive archival photos .
Additional historical notes by Kevin Howlett and Mike Heatley and additional recording notes by Allan Rouse & Kevin Howlett .
* = CD includes QuickTime mini-doc about the album
Please Please Me* ( CD debut in stereo )
With The Beatles* ( CD debut in stereo )
A Hard Day's Night * ( CD debut in stereo )
Beatles For Sale * ( CD debut in stereo )
Help !*
Rubber Soul *
Revolver *
Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band * ( also includes 1987 notes , updated , and new intro by Paul McCartney )
Magical Mystery Tour *
The Beatles *
Yellow Submarine * ( also includes original US liner notes )
Abbey Road *
Let It Be *
Past Masters ( contains new liner notes written by Kevin Howlett )
' The Beatles in Mono ' ( boxed set only ) , have been remastered by Paul Hicks , Sean Magee with Guy Massey and Steve Rooke .
Presented together in box with an essay written by Kevin Howlett .
+ = mono mix CD debut
Please Please Me
With The Beatles
A Hard Day's Night
Beatles For Sale
Help !
( CD also includes original 1965 stereo mix ) +
Rubber Soul ( CD also include original 1965 stereo mix ) +
Revolver +
Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band +
Magical Mystery Tour +
The Beatles +
Mono Masters
To mark International Women 's Day , L'Osservatore Romano , the Vatican 's official newspaper , has graciously commented on women 's lib for us .
Its editorial decrees that the washing machine has contributed more to the emancipation of western women than the pill , or the legalisation of abortion , or being able to work outside the home .
But it would , would n't it ?
Abortion and pills are n't allowed over there .
Washing machines are .
What a bizarre world L'Osservatore describes , with its " image of the superwoman , smiling , made - up and radiant among the appliances of her house " .
It 's more than half a century ago , back in 1953 , that the automatic washing machine took off and women apparently went mad in the suburbs , turning to drink and sex .
Only I did n't notice my mother and her chums being radiant and smiling .
They may have got rid of their heavy mangles and twin -tubs , but it was still a fairly bleak life , stuck at home fiddling with these new machines .
And it 's still a bore today ; we 're still trying our best to perk up doing the housework ( not so long ago , the Daily Mail discovered a new social phenomenon : " Countless British women ... doing housework in the nude ... " )
" Put in the powder , close the lid and relax , " reads L'Osservatore 's headline - but it is n't that simple , Vatican , honestly it is n't .
Have you ever tried it ?
I thought everyone knew that the more time these new appliances saved us , the more tasks we found to fill that time .
But why bother even to hope that the Vatican mouthpiece would see sense ?
It nabbed its headline from the blurb for Electrolux 's Washy Talky ® , a bilingual - talking washing - machine launched in India in 2002 : an " electronic maid [ which ] helps with laundry [ and ] reminds the absent - minded housewife how to use the appliance .
If the user accidentally leaves the lid open , she will say : ' Please close the lid ...'
Washy
Talky does n't just talk , she also thinks and makes decisions ; she assesses the load weight and chooses the optimum programme . "
One could always just refer to an owner 's manual - except that , according to an Electrolux spokesperson , women often prefer not to have to read manuals .
And this is the machine that the Vatican feels has helped us so much with our liberation .
Sometimes I wonder whether progress really is progress .
I do n't like to wallow in nostalgia , but in 1851 , what may have been the first " laundromat " was opened by a gold miner and a carpenter in California .
Their 12 - shirt machine was powered by 10 donkeys .
It sounds like much more fun .
But they did n't have the contraceptive pill then , which would have made life even more fun than the washing machine .
• Dr Paul Kelly , headmaster of Monkseaton Community High School on north Tyneside , has suggested that teenagers be allowed to spend two more hours in bed and arrive at school at 11 am , because experiments have shown that teenagers between 13 and 19 have bodyclocks that make it frightfully difficult for them to get up in the morning .
They 're not lazy , just " biologically programmed " to get up late .
What a nuisance scientific research can be .
For how is everyone to work round these teenagers ' circadian rhythms ?
Will staff have to work late ?
And what does Kelly think will happen two hours later than the old getting - up time ?
By then , the parents will have probably gone off to work .
They 'll have to leave the house with their children still mouldering in bed , and just hope and pray the lazy little toads get up at all , and if they do , that they remember to turn the gas off , shut the front door and windows properly , and do n't just decide : " Sod school , let 's have our friends round for an all - day rave or slob - in . "
Or does Kelly assume that the teenagers will spring up at the appointed time , and , unsupervised , eat their breakfast nicely , wash up , find and gather together their Oyster card , homework , packed lunch and pocket money , and perkily trot off to school refreshed by their pleasant lie - in and keen to acquire knowledge ?
Perhaps I 'm just embittered by experience , but I think most teenagers have been a pain in the bottom since their invention decades ago .
One can pander till the cows come home , but it wo n't make a scrap of difference .
We 've shelled out up to £ 9,000 a year to keep them going ( cost of the average teenage lifestyle , according to the Office for National Statistics ) on consoles , mobiles and all the rest of the crapola that is now called " basic essentials " ; we 've built them shiny new schools ( Monkseaton is about to open a new , " most technically advanced " £ 20 m school building ) , and our children are still the most miserable children in the world .
Last week , walking to the vet at 8.30 am , I mingled with a load of them on their way to school , slouching and screeching along the pavement , and I spotted a couple of teenage boys bringing up the rear and puffing away at a giant spliff .
Let 's hope it turned them mellow rather than psychotic , for the teachers ' sake .
At least they were up , functioning and on their way to school .
We must be grateful for small mercies .
But I 'm not .
What happened to early nights , consistent sleep schedules , no caffeine , no fiddling on Facebook and no scary films before bed ?
That might be an easier way to sort out the " teenage zombies " that Kelly is so worried about .
• This week Michele saw Red Riding on Channel 4 : " Nasty , gruelling , but riveting , with brilliant acting from everyone .
I should n't have watched it at bedtime . "
She also saw Harry
Hill in that ghastly collar on the front of the Radio Times , ripped the page off and destroyed it : " I ca n't take too much horror in one week "
DermHair Clinic Los Angeles Advanced FUE Hair Restoration Clinic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=4&v=t4hsOGbAgoM
Published on : 24-01-2013
Article text
Author Bio : Sanusi Umar is the author of this article .
Author name : Sanusi Umar Author Bio :
DermHair Clinic Los Angeles Advanced FUE Hair Restoration Clinic : Today ’s hair transplant methods have undoubtedly evolved to impressive heights .
It is now possible for patients to receive highly realistic and natural looking results .
But this depends on the experience and skill set of the FUE hair restoration practitioner .
Dr U uses the UGraft Advanced FUE to deliver consistent results in countless patients
Therefore , UGraft patients must be aware that these surgeries are not done through standardized processes that can be performed at any clinic .
Each hair transplant case is extremely unique and requires a high level of specialized attention .
Dr. Umar ’s extensive and world renowned track record of successful patient outcomes is due to his ability to identify the various subtle nuances and details needed to create outstanding coverage , aesthetics and wound healing for different levels of hair loss , repair and ethnic characteristics and other challenges .
This not only translates to exquisitely refined surgical skills , but even the development of cutting edge , breakthrough hair restoration technologies .
Dr U ’s innovative works have been published in several esteemed Medical Journals
Hair Transplant At DermHair Clinic , Los Angeles
Follicular Unit Extraction or FUE involves the general use of micro-sized punches to harvest natural clusters of hair follicles .
With this technique patients are able to avoid a permanent linear scar which would prevent them from choosing shorter , classic hair styles .
But Most FUE procedures employ basic capabilities with limitations that include :
Restricted to the use of only head hair as donors
Inability to consistently extract tightly curled hairs
In recognizing these limitations of basic UGraft tools .
Dr. U has developed the UGraft knife free minimally invasive hair transplant procedure that best basic FUE in the following ways :
Enables the consistent extraction and utilization of beard , chest , leg and other body hair to add to the head donor pool leading an expansion of the total available donor supply Patients with severe baldness who wish to benefit from hair restoration surgery
Hair repair cases where donor grafts have been exhausted from the head by prior surgeries Individuals of African descent who face high risk of transection due to curved shaped follicles Difficult FUE hair restoration cases where scalp tissue around the follicles is extremely dense .
Not only do Dr. U ’s patented UGraft inventions protect the graft ’s integrity for excellent yield , his punches are also able to render much higher wound healing results , compared to average FUE instruments .
Hair Restoration Surgery
DermHair Clinic Los Angeles Advanced FUE Hair Restoration Clinic :
The extraction of follicle grafts constitutes just one phase in a hair restoration surgery .
But during the insertion phase , there are many factors that need to be considered for producing the best aesthetic results possible .
These include :
Hairline and temple design Density Slit creation parameters like angle and direction
Dr. U carefully studies the individual ’s facial traits of each patient as a prioritized part of the hair transplant planning process to ensure the most flattering and natural looking outcome .
We invite you to view our video and photo galleries .
Expanding the donor area .
Expanding the possibilities .
The severely bald were poor candidates until Dr. Umar started a non-tradition .
In his care , you can say goodbye to the days of baldness and disfiguring scars and say hello to a lasting aesthetic design you would normally expect from nature .
His innovative excision techniques that exploit non-traditional donor hair where necessary have transformed the lives of his patients in ways many believed to be impossible .
The future of hair transplant surgery has indeed arrived .
Dr. Umar at DermHair Clinic Los Angeles Advanced FUE
Hair Restoration Clinic is widely recognized as the best hair restoration surgeon in the world for reversing severe baldness .
And he is known as the best doctor in the world for hair transplant repair .
Publications
ATLANTA , GA - Okay , get ready to take some notes .
Following is one of the best cover letters / emails I have ever received .
Check it out and I 'll explain why ...
[ 1 ]
[ 2 ]
[ 3 ]
[ 4 ]
[ 5 ]
[ 6 ]
[ 7 ]
[ 8 ]
[ 9 ]
Hi Harry , I read your interesting blogrecently and thought to contact you .
I am new to Atlanta and champing at the bitto join an organization and prove my mettle ; however , I need helpobtaining a position .
Do you think that you could help me , given my background ?
Please take a look at my resume and let me know .
If so , I am happy to pay a bonus commission for successful placement .
If not , I would appreciate it if you kindly suggested a colleague or agency that is more appropriate for me
You can reach me at dan.metcaff@harvard.edu or on my mobile number , 617-9X9 - 1X91 Thank you in advance for your consideration .
Best regards , Dan Metcaff
First off , my love of this candidate has NOTHING to do with his degree from Harvard .
Sure , Harvard is an awesome school if you can afford it , but America has more than a million millionaires , and only a small percentage of them went to Harvard .
This guy is HUNGRY , and they do n't teach that in the Ivy League .
Dan was hungry before he got to Harvard .
Beyond that , ...
Here are ten reasons why Dan 's cover letter rocks :
He read my blog .
This is n't about my ego .
It 's about one - to - one marketing .
I get loads of email from people saying they 've read my blog , but it 's clear from their email that they only glanced at it long enough to scrape my email address .
Dan knows I 'm in Atlanta .
Clearly , this correspondence is personal .
Great choice of words .
I read a ton of email , and I love it when people take chances with their communication .
" Champing at the bit " is a great idiomatic expression that I do n't hear every day .
Good call , Dan !
Not only is " prove my mettle " an awesome expression , it tells me that this guy is a do - er .
No sense of entitlement whatsoever .
Lookit : I run a business .
I know how critical do - ers are to the success of every business .
Dan does n't bore me with desires of " applying his strategic skills " or any of that crap .
All in good time .
For now , this cat 's ready to roll up his sleeves if given an excellent ground - floor opportunity .
I love it when people just admit right up front that they need help .
Shows humility .
Not only does
Dan know he needs help , but he is asking me very politely ... ... and he is providing evidence as to why my doing so would be credible in the eyes of my peers .
This is no baseless favor he 's requesting .
Beyond that , Dan 's willing to put some skin in the game .
Candidates , please know that candidates NEVER ( re - read that ) need to pay me .
All of my fees are paid by my clients .
Period .
But I love the idea that he is willing to put his money where his mouth is .
That shows self confidence and a streak of entrepreneurship .
Ask for referrals .
Always .
Always .
Always .
Who knows ?
Maybe some recruiter will blog about you .
And perhaps other recruiters will Tweet about that recruiter 's blog post .
Or maybe the first recruiter 's post will make the homepage of StumbleUpon and be viewed by more than ten thousand people .
You 'll be famous !
Hey , stranger things have happened .
Dan gives me not one , but two ways to reach him .
You'd be surprised .
Not every candidate does this .
Dumb .
The fact that Dan put this footer in his email shows he knows a thing or two about proper form .
Believe me , one can take all manner of license with the English language if it 's evident from one 's form and sentence structure that one knows about them in the first place .
Like , duh !
It 's the difference between knowing the tricks of one 's trade and knowing one 's trade .
I realize that some folks will read this blog post and wonder how slow my day must have been to bring this up .
Actually , my day was very busy .
However , unless your resume is just brimming with relevant work experience ( Dan 's is n't ) -- then you 'd better learn to politely differentiate yourself in a brief , cogent cover letter .
______________________________________________________________________
Submit Your Resume | Download my vCard | Get My Searches | 97 Job Search Tips
The BBC's Mark Easton has written a scorching blog - post about the Yarl 's Wood detention centre , in which unsuccessful migrants to the UK are detained , including families with young children .
Details about Yarl 's
Wood have come to light after England 's Children 's Commissioner , Sir Al Aynsley - Green produced a report on the treatment of children there .
Many of these children have spent their entire lives in the UK .
Border and Immigration Minister Phil Woolas justifies the inhumane treatment of children by arguing that once their parents have been sent to the substandard , inhumane Yarl 's Wood , it would be even more inhumane to separate them from their children .
Another alternative might be to treat all deportees in a humane fashion .
Predictably , the BBC 's comment board is filled with anti-immigration bigots who argue that the children should blame their parents for turning them into refugees who sought asylum in the UK .
My father was a refugee , born in a camp in Azerbaijan , to Red Army deserters who used stolen papers to transit Europe after WWII and secure transport on a Displaced Persons boat from Hamburg to Halifax .
When I hear people talk blithely about how their society owes nothing to refugees , I try to imagine how they 'd feel if they and their children found themselves living in a war - torn disaster - area , a climate - ravaged desolation , the midst of an ethnic cleansing .
I wonder if they and their families were the beneficiaries of foreign aid during and after WWII .
I wonder if they 'd sit idly by and let their children die of malnutrition , be kidnapped and forced into child soldiery , or face mutilation from land - mines because the alternative required telling a lie to the British immigration authorities .
I try not to imagine the people who make that sort of remark stuck in a place like Yarl 's Wood , denied their fundamental human rights , their children denied medical care and education — because I do n't think anyone should suffer that way .
Not even xenophobic bigots .
What sort of country sends a dozen uniformed officers to haul innocent sleeping children out of their beds ; gives them just a few minutes to pack what belongings they can grab ; pushes them into stinking caged vans ; drives them for hours while refusing them the chance to go to the lavatory so that they wet themselves and locks them up sometimes for weeks or months without the prospect of release and without adequate health services ?…
One boy of 11 told the children 's commissioner : " There was this woman , just shouting , shouting at my sister to get up .
She was in bed asleep and she 's only five so she was crying and the woman just kept shouting at her .
She did n't have to do that .
The search was bad .
Why did they have to search my sister ?
She is only five , what is she going to have ?
They touch you all over and they 're rough .
It 's rude . "
The report explains how some children described officers as taking pleasure in the family 's distress , including telling them that they were " going back to their own country " and laughing and making fun of them when they showed signs of distress or anxiety .
One child said that an officer had called his mother " stupid " and laughed at her crying and distress , while others were told that it was " tough " if they did n't like the officer 's attitude …
What 's more , many of the children complained about the lack of " comfort breaks " on the long journeys to detention .
This had led to " accidents " in some cases .
A chance to go to the lavatory was apparently denied " even when the vans stopped for petrol and , on at least two or three occasions , access to a toilet was denied throughout the whole journey despite urgent requests to stop … "
Children in detention at Yarl 's Wood
( Thanks , JJ ! )
THE University of NSW 's vice - chancellor , Professor Fred Hilmer , has threatened staff with sackings if they proceed with a wage claim of 20 per cent over three years .
Yesterday 's warning was made after the university recorded a net financial loss of $ 87.3 million last year and $ 55 million was wiped from its investments .
Professor Hilmer went on the offensive after the NSW Auditor - General , Peter Achterstraat , raised concerns about the university 's governance of its failed Singapore campus .
On the eve of departing for overseas , Professor Hilmer said the university was facing significant financial challenges over the next two years .
The institution had done well from this year 's federal budget in terms of capital grants , but there would be no significant increase in recurrent funding until 2012 - 14 .
" We do not have the capacity to meet any significant increase in costs , " he said .
This is the third of five installments of “ Whose Father Was He ? ” — an investigation into a photograph of three children found on the dead body of Amos Humiston , a fallen Union soldier , at Gettysburg in 1863 .
Part one can be read here , and part two here .
There is something magical and sad about chronicling the history of a man who went more than halfway around the world on a whaling ship and then died ( presumably alone ) in a small town , a couple of hundred miles from his home .
It is possible to chart Humiston ’s movements from the moment he joined the 154th in Jamestown , N.Y. , to Gettysburg , Pa. — a winding , circuitous , ant - like path that might have meaning — but then again , might not .
And even if we could chart it completely , does it bring us closer to Amos Humiston ?
Does it capture the essence of the man ?
Even if we knew where he was every minute of his waking life ?
Would that tell us who he is ?
There is also a stereogram [ 6 ] [ 7 ] of the place where he died .
Does it make his death more real ?
Does it reconnect us with the event by showing us where it happened ?
By looking at a photograph of the fence on Stratton Street where Humiston was found — does it allow us to imaginatively reenact Humiston ’s death ?
There was a full moon that night [ 8 ] .
But it was raining on and off through the three days of battle , and the sky was intermittently overcast .
Can we imagine Humiston looking up through shifting clouds at the moon ?
And then at the ambrotype ?
There is an endless fascination with last words , but what about last images ?
There is the legend of a last image being permanently imprinted on the retinas of those about to die .
Here , the ambrotype reveals that last image .
By looking at the faces of the Humiston children , we can see what Humiston was seeing as he died [ 9 ] .
Or perhaps they can provide a glimpse of what was in his mind .
Does linking his experiences with ours allow us to better know him or only to imagine ourselves as him ?
Adapted map from War Telegram Marking Map , Louis Prang and Company , Library of Congress .
Humiston ’s story reminds us that most historical mysteries remain unsolved .
And in all likelihood can never be solved .
That Mark Dunkelman was able to recover so much of Humiston ’s lost history is the exception , not the rule .
On the whole , we know little or nothing of the thousands of soldiers who lost their lives at Gettysburg .
Odds and ends .
Flotsam and jetsam .
Dunkelman writes :
Even when an item obviously belonged to a dead soldier , it did n’t always serve to identify him .
Scattered near a dead Confederate on the first day ’s field were letters and a photograph of his South Carolina fiancée , torn to pieces .
The burial party who found him surmised the man had ripped apart the items before he died to prevent them from becoming souvenirs …
On some lucky occasions , an artifact served to identify a corpse .
Two cases involved privates found on the southern portion of the battlefield .
A Pennsylvanian was identified by a silver medal found clutched in his hand .
Another soldier was found missing his hat , shoes , and socks , but inside one of his pockets the burial squad found a gold locket with a photograph of his wife or sweetheart , along with her name and address .
And so some of the Gettysburg dead were identified in a fortuitous manner by a letter , a photograph , an inscribed testament or diary , a stencil plate , or an identification disc found on their bodies .
But their stories remained unknown to the general public , merely noted in passing by the members of the burial squads who found them .
One such soldier ’s story , however , made headlines in newspapers across the North and captured the imagination of millions .
But as famous as that story became , it came very close to being another forgotten tale of the battlefield . [ 10 ]
A gold locket , a diary , even the images of bloated corpses that dot the Alexander Gardner photographs of the battlefield .
It is all ephemera .
Library of Congress
James F. Gibson , Library of Congress
********
ERROL MORRIS : And then there ’s the photograph of Amos Humiston himself , taken before the war .
David Humiston Kelley has the original ambrotype .
But I ’ve seen two versions : Amos with and without a beard .
Left , courtesy of David Humiston Kelley , from Gettysburg ’s Unknown Soldier [ 12 ] ; right , Mark H. Dunkelman Collection .
MARK DUNKELMAN : Bourns wanted to issue photographs of him .
But rather than just reproduce the photograph of him as a civilian , Bourns , or in all likelihood one of the photographers employed by him , had the brilliant idea to make a soldier out of him and slap the beard and the uniform on him , retouched .
ERROL MORRIS : Why would someone in a photography studio want to slap a beard on Amos Humiston ?
Does n’t it seem to be the handiwork of someone who was marketing this image to the public ?
Is n’t it about how Amos Humiston should look as opposed to how he did look ?
MARK DUNKELMAN : Maybe .
Philinda knew he had grown a beard , probably before he left home .
Because I do n’t think he mentioned it in his letters .
And the uniform was just a no - brainer .
But it ’s obvious that it was retouched from the original .
If you look at the hair , et cetera , the eyes , it ’s the same image .
The one that I ’ve got says , “ Sergeant Amos Humiston of the 154th New York Volunteers ” on the front .
And on the back , it gives the blurb written by J. Francis Bourns :
“ Sergeant Humiston fell in the first day ’s struggle at Gettysburg .
When found , he could not be recognized , and was buried among the unknown dead .
But the Picture his brave hand grasped in death — the portrait of his three little children — months afterward led to his identification .
After the discovery of his family , who reside at Portville , N. Y. , the original of this photograph was obtained ; and the copies are sold in aid of the Orphan ’s Homestead
J. Francis Bourns , Sec’y .
Philadelphia , Pa . ”
Mark H. Dunkelman Collection
Mark H. Dunkelman Collection
Did Dr. Bourns believe Humiston ’s portrait was enhanced by adding the beard and the uniform ?
He was , after all , raising money for a commercial venture , an orphanage to be built for “ the children of the battlefield . ”
The carte - de - visite was for sale , and its inscription informed the buyer that the proceeds were to aid an orphanage .
It cried out for an image of a soldier .
A potential buyer could make an immediate connection between the appeal for money and the circumstances of Humiston ’s demise .
*******
The Homestead Association was incorporated in 1866 , three years after Amos ’s death .
Its purpose was to establish an orphanage for the children of deceased soldiers .
A house adjacent to the cemetery was acquired , a board appointed ( which included James Garfield , a future president of the United States ) , and a superintendent hired .
Dr. Bourns was the general secretary .
Philinda , Amos ’s widow , accepted a position as a housekeeper and Frank , Alice and Fred , the three Humiston children , came to Gettysburg to live at the Homestead , less than a mile from where their father had died .
The orphanage opened with an elaborate ceremony that included the children singing “ America . ”
It was celebrated in newspapers around the country .
It was an attempt to give meaning to the terrible battle losses that had occurred at Gettysburg — to heal a wound that affected the entire nation .
As an article in the American Presbyterian intoned : “ The fidelity and affection of the dying sergeant for his own little household has set in motion a stream of benevolent intentions and efforts designed to embrace many bereaved families in widely different sections of the country .
. . .
Parental love has secured for the humble soldier his personal share in the gratitude of his countryman and made his name immortal . ”
Dr. Bourns also provided a drawing of what the Homestead Orphanage would look like .
It depicts a palatial domicile , complete with gables , arches , columns , and a mansard - roofed tower .
The actual Homestead Orphanage , photographed on June 21 , 1867 , on the occasion of the first visit to Gettysburg by Ulysses S. Grant , is somewhat less impressive .
The caption on the card - mounted photograph says , “ It is used until a more commodious and suitable structure can be erected to shelter its present fatherless inmates . . . ”
The use of the word “ inmates ” may simply be an anachronism or a forbidding harbinger of what was to happen next .
The Alfred Withal Stern Collection of Lincolniana , Library of Congress , Rare Book and Special Collections Division .
Library of Congress
Sales of the cartes - de-visite — the retouched pictures of both the children and of Amos Humiston — continued to provide income to the orphanage , and it is clear from various newspaper accounts that Dr. Bourns was constantly monitoring the production of cartes - de-visite and concerned about “ a recent counterfeit copy of the photograph . ”
But it is all too possible that part of the money was siphoned off by Dr. Bourns .
German Reformed Messenger , June 8 , 1864 .
By 1869 , Philinda had accepted an offer of marriage from a man 24 years her senior .
She left the Homestead with her “ new ” husband and then sent for the children .
Various superintendents came and left .
And this is when the story takes a turn for the wicked .
FOOTNOTES
[ 6 ]
From the collection of John Richter , Director , Center for Civil War Photography .
[ 7 ]
A stereogram is a pair of images taken from a slightly different perspective , mirroring the slight difference in perspective between one eye and the other in binocular vision .
It is intended to be viewed through a stereoscope , a device invented by Charles Wheatstone ca. 1838 .
An illusion of depth is created from flat , two - dimensional image or images , in some ways paralleling how the eye perceives depth through the use of parallax .
[ 8 ]
Consult the NASA site , Moon Phases : 1801 to 1900 .
[ 9 ]
There is an extensive literature on images on the retinas of the dead .
It has been claimed that the retinas of a murder victim record the perpetrator of the crime .
For an overview see Bill Jay , “ In the Eyes of the Dead . ”
[ 10 ] Mark Dunkelman , Gettysburg ’s Unknown Soldier , p. 129 .
[ 11 ]
These images are interesting not only because they show casualties from the first day of the Battle of Gettysburg , but because they are the key to another photo mystery , which I ’ll discuss in a future posting .
[ 12 ]
Reproduced by permission of ABC - CLIO , Inc. Santa Barbara CA .
All rights reserved .
I have module I use for situations like this - where a process will be running for a long time but gets stuck sometimes for unknown and irreproducible reasons .
Its a bit hacky , and only works on unix ( requires signals ) :
import code , traceback , signal def debug ( sig , frame ) : " " " Interrupt running process , and provide a python prompt for interactive debugging . " " " d={'_frame ' : frame} #
Allow access to frame object .
d.update(frame.f_globals ) # Unless shadowed by global d.update( frame.f_locals ) i = code .
InteractiveConsole(d ) message =
" Signal received : entering python shell .
Traceback :
" message += ''.join(traceback.format_stack ( frame ) ) i.interact ( message ) def listen ( ) : signal.signal(signal.SIGUSR1 , debug ) # Register handler
To use , just call the listen ( ) function at some point when your program starts up ( You could even stick it in site . py to have all python programs use it ) , and let it run .
At any point , send the process a SIGUSR1 signal , using kill , or in python :
os. kill ( pid , signal .
SIGUSR1 )
This will cause the program to break to a python console at the point it is currently at , showing you the stack trace , and letting you manipulate the variables .
Use control -d ( EOF ) to continue running ( though note that you will probably interrupt any I / O etc at the point you signal , so it is n't fully non-intrusive .
I 've another script that does the same thing , except it communicates with the running process through a pipe ( to allow for debugging backgrounded processes etc ) .
Its a bit large to post here , but I 've added it as a python cookbook recipe .
Published online 24 March 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.186
News
Nobel prizewinner took short cuts to show that the way gulls feed is instinctive .
Herring gull chicks instinctively peck at red spots on their parents ' bills to beg for food .
Imagebroker / Alamy
One of the most famous experiments in biology is n't the solid piece of work it 's usually portrayed as , say Dutch researchers who have replicated the study .
Instead , it 's more like an anecdote that became slightly more legendary each time its author retold the story .
The work in question was done in 1947 by the Dutch researcher Niko Tinbergen on the begging behaviour of herring - gull chicks .
At the time , the dominant idea in animal behaviour was that learning was all - important .
Tinbergen argued that animals come into the world with instincts already adapted to their environments .
Adult gulls have a red spot on their lower bill .
Tinbergen , who shared the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine in 1973 , presented wild chicks with model birds bearing spots and measured how much they pecked at the model .
The story that made it into the textbooks is that chicks have a powerful innate tendency to peck at red dots , which has evolved as a way of getting their parents to feed them .
The original paper , however , shows that Tinbergen found that chicks actually pecked more at a black dot than a red one .
In a follow - up paper written in 1949 , Tinbergen concluded that this strange finding resulted from a mistake in his methods .
He had tested red , black , blue , white and yellow spots , but he presented the ' natural ' red spot much more often than any other .
The chicks , he decided , became habituated to the red spot and stopped pecking at it .
Pecking away at a legacy ?
Tinbergen never fully tested this idea .
Instead , he did another experiment comparing red and black spots presented equally , and found that the red was indeed preferred .
From this result he came up with a ' fudge factor ' which , when applied to the original data , reduced the chicks ' apparent preference for colours other than red .
He was initially explicit about this , but by the time of his books The Study of Instinct ( 1951 ) and The Herring Gull 's World ( 1953 ) , he had stopped mentioning this correction , and presented the finding as if it were based on unmodified data .
" The changes from one paper to the next are n't that substantial , but if you compare the first and the last , a lot of small steps make a big one , " says Carel Ten Cate of Leiden University in the Netherlands , who has analysed and repeated Tinbergen 's work .
" There were definitely some changes to make the result more simple and clear cut than it initially was . "
Tinbergen did other experiments with gull chicks — showing for example , that they will peck even at a disembodied red spot on a stick — so he may have felt he had made his point .
He may also have simplified his results for rhetorical purposes .
Ten Cate and his colleagues redid Tinbergen 's original experiment and got the same result — black was more attractive than red .
They also did the experiment he never did , presenting each colour equally often , and found that Tinbergen 's intuition had been correct after all — the birds tended to peck more often at red spots .
The work is published in Animal Behaviour1,2 .
The full story
There 's no hint of fraud in Tinbergen 's work , says ten Cate , and we should n't think any less of him .
" Looking through today 's eyes you think this was really quite sloppy , " he says .
" But you ca n't use that hindsight ; at the time this was really advanced work . "
" Tinbergen should n't be castigated for this , " agrees Rebecca Kilner , who studies bird behaviour at the University of Cambridge in the UK and was not involved in the new study .
" Tinbergen is an iconic character in the history of animal behaviour research , " she adds .
" He pioneered the use of simple but ingenious field experiments , and these experiments are a classic example of that approach . "
Other researchers think that ten Cate 's study risks sullying Tinbergen 's legacy .
" It 's not fair to Tinbergen — any paper from 50 years ago would n't pass modern standards , " says Johan Bolhuis , a researcher in animal behaviour at the University of Utrecht and editor of a book on Tinbergen3 .
" If we applied the same standards to Darwin 's work , we 'd say what a terrible experimenter he was . "
" It 'd be easy to be nasty — if you wanted to be negative and critical , you could do a fair amount of damage to Tingergen 's reputation , " agrees ecologist Hans Kruuk , Tinbergen 's biographer4 and former student .
" He 'd often simplify and gloss over complications : if these publications appeared now , they 'd get hammered , but the ideas are lovely . "
Ten Cate argues that we should n't airbrush Tinbergen : " It 's a question of getting the balance right between respect for a great scientist , and also making clear that his story is not as neat as some people have always thought and what the textbook [ says ] . "
The ideal of how experimental science works is often a long way from the reality , whether you 're looking at bird behaviour or particle physics , says Harry Collins , a sociologist of science at Cardiff University .
" In general , when scientific discoveries are first made they 're messy and untidy , and they get cleaned up in retrospect , " he says .
" If you 're a scientist you 'll say that it all comes out in the end , because nature speaks with an unambiguous voice .
Speaking as a sociologist , I 'd say it 's a historical process , and the judgement of history can't be anticipated . "
Officials at the zoo in the southern city of Adelaide would conduct a " thorough review " of the escape bid and it was likely some vegetation that could be used in a future try for freedom would be removed from Karta 's enclosure .
Does your cat look like Adolf Hitler ?
Do you wake up in a cold sweat every night wondering if he 's going to up and invade Poland ?
Does he keep putting his right paw in the air while making a noise that sounds suspiciously like " Sieg Miaow " ?
If so , this is the website for you .
OI !
You !
Yes , YOU !
Go and visit Cat Shelter Felix 's blog , previously known as Novi Sad Cats .
Danica is doing some wonderful work with homeless kittehs in Serbia and needs your support .
Latest Kitlers
Link ( owned by Connie ) ( 3304 )
Sun Apr 26 2009 at 09:46:08
kan ( owned by ras2 ) ( 3303 )
Sun Apr 26 2009 at 05:16:21
kan ( owned by ras ) ( 3302 )
Sun Apr 26 2009 at 05:14:26
Oreo ( & brand new kits ) ( owned by Kristi McKenzie ) ( 3301 )
Sun Apr 26 2009 at 03:06:12 <<< newer <<< Showing 3301 to 3304 of 8849 Kitlers >>> older >>>
or enter Kitler number and hit Return .
you have to go again ?
I just got comfortable .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
OTTAWA – Liberal leader Michael Ignatieff has taken to YouTube -- to blast the Conservatives for their latest wave of attack ads .
His little speech , running less than two minutes on YouTube , comes a day after a Conservative MP in British Columbia , Cathy McLeod , was quoted in a Kamloops paper -- also speaking out against her own party 's negative ads .
" Unfortunately , it seems the tactics have success or otherwise they would n't do this – but again do I like it , no , " McLeod is quoted as saying in the newspaper , Kamloops This Week .
" I 'm responsible for how I conduct myself and I have n't been able to change the world . "
Meanwhile , in the YouTube video that started popping up on Internet sites today , Ignatieff describes the ads as " spite and spin " and says that by attacking him for living out of the country , the Conservatives have also attacked other Canadians who were born or lived abroad .
" I have lived and worked outside this country , just like millions of other Canadians and I 'm proud of what I 've achieved , always as a proud Canadian , " says Ignatieff .
" But to Stephen Harper , to the Conservative party , Canadians who 've lived outside the country are less Canadian because of it .
Tell that to new Canadians born outside this country .
Are they less Canadian because of it ? "
Ignatieff , who is portrayed in the ads as " just visiting " from his former homes in the United States and Britain , says : " I 'm not the issue .
Right now Canadians are worried about their jobs , about whether they can get EI or skills training . "
He says the Conservatives are trying to " change the channel " from the current economic crisis , for fear they 'll be blamed for not doing enough .
Ryan Sparrow , a spokesperson for the Conservative party , said the Liberal leader is evading the point of their ads .
" The issue is not that Ignatieff worked outside the country , " Sparrow said in an email .
" The issue is that while outside the country he slammed Canada , Canadians and our flag - and perhaps most disturbingly - admitted that he would ( again ) leave Canada if unsuccessful in his political career .
In other words , he 's just visiting .
Canadians should be able to expect more from their Prime Minister . "
Ignatieff also speaks out in the video against the whole tactic of negative ads -- which Liberals have used themselves in the past , and which Conservatives have accused them of using recently on the Internet .
" Look , we need a new kind of politics , a better kind of politics , a politics that relies not on spite and spin but on civility and common purpose .
That 's what 's demanded of us , " Ignatieff says .
Jill Fairbrother , spokesperson for Ignatieff , said the YouTube video is a response to public demand .
" We have had feedback that many people are offended by the ads , particularly in some of Canada 's multicultural communities , so we wanted to send a message directly from the leader , " Fairbrother said .
" This Government would like to make Michael Ignatieff the issue .
But he 's not the issue because he's not the leader of the Government .
The issue is Canadians who are concerned about getting the economy turned around . "
ロンドン大学ロイヤルホロウェイ校の研究チームが、広く使用されている暗号化プロトコルOpenSSHに内在する脆弱性を明らかにした。
ロイヤルホロウェイ 校Information Security Group（ISG）の研究チームによると、 「 Debian GNU / Linux」に含まれるOpenSSHのバージョン4.7に存在するこの脆弱性を突けば、32ビットの暗号化されたテキストを平文に変換することが可能になるという。
攻撃者が成功する確率は26万2144分の1だ。ISGを率いる教授のKenny Patterson氏は、CNET
Newsの姉妹サイトであるZDNet UK に現地時間5月18日、今回の脆弱性はこれまでに発見されたOpenSSHの脆弱性よりも重大だと語った。
「 これ はOpenSSHの設計上の欠陥だ。他の脆弱性は、設計上というよりコーディング上のミスだった」（Patterson氏）
Patterson氏によると、攻撃者が中間者攻撃でネットワークに侵入し、暗号化されたテキストブロックがクライアントからサーバに送られる際に入手できる可能性があるという。攻撃者は、テキストブロックをサーバに再送することによって、対応する平文の最初の4バイトを解読できる。サーバがエラーメッセージを作成して接続を切るまで送信されるバイト数をカウントし、これから逆算して、暗号化される前にOpenSSHの暗号化フィールドにあったものを推理できるという。
この攻撃は 、SSHを定義するインターネット規格RFC（Requests for Comment）の脆弱性を突いたものだ、とPatterson氏は指摘する。
Patterson氏は18日に、カリフォルニア州オークランドで開催された「IEEE
Symposium on Security and Privacy 」 で講演し、研究チームの研究結果について説明した。ISGでこの研究に携わっているのは、Patterson氏、Martin Albrecht氏 、Gaven Watson氏の3人だ。
今回の脆弱性については、2008年11月に英国 のCentre for the Protection of National Infrastructure （CPNI）が初めて報告したが、詳細は明かされなかった。CPNIの報告によると、OpenSSHの脆弱性は、ITの専門家がCBC（Cipher Block Chaining）モードではなくCTR（CounTR）モードでAES（Advanced Encryption Standard）を使用することで軽減できるという。
研究チーム がOpenSSHの開発者と協力してすでに脆弱性を軽減しており、バージョン5.2には対策が施されている、とPatterson氏は述べた。
「 （OpenSSHの脆弱性は）修正済みだ。攻撃を阻止するために対策が施されている。だが、規格は変更されていない」（Patterson氏）
Patterson氏は、これまでにこの脆弱性を突いた攻撃があったとは思わないし、かなり長いメッセージを解読するには数日かかる可能性がある、と述べた。また、プロプライエタリなSSHのベンダーはこの問題について事前に通知を受け、コードに対策を施している。だがPatterson氏は、ソフトウェアがオープンソースかプロプライエタリかに関係なく、システム管理者がサーバとクライアントにパッチを当てるまでに時間がかかるのが常だ、と付け加えた。
A cat named Socks is fast becoming the next big thing on Twitter .
Socks uses the website to share his daily thoughts , which predictably focus on food , sunshine , his friend Pennycat , and playing with " Baron Von Shakymouse " .
Socks ' recent tweets include " RED DOT WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN hey dude it 's been boring without you WOAH HEY COME BACK run run run run run run " and " stalk stalk stalk AND WHAT HAVE WE HERE deadly pillow enemy BANZAIIIIIIIII CRASH oh no busted PILLOW ATTACKED FIRST run run run " .
Socks , aka Sockington , is n't the only cat to embrace the micro- blogging phenomenon of Twitter - many of his fans are also cats , with even some dogs - but he is quickly becoming the most popular cat on the web .
His " Socks Army " of Twitter fans number nearly 500,000 strong , and his tweets are now being printed on t- shirts .
He is also the star of a series of internet videos .
Twitter is fast becoming a staple of web - savvy celebs like Ashton Kutcher and Lindsay Lohan , who use the 140 - character messages to connect with their fans .
Socks ' posts may not be as eloquent as some of his rivals who are real celebrities , like Kim Kardashian ( " Just arrived at the gym !
OMG Jennifer Lopez was training before me !
Wow is she stunning w no make up ! " ) , popstar Miley Cyrus ( " my heart just is n't logical " ) , or popstar Kate Perry ( " I 've taken so many steroids in the past week I feel like I could throw cars like dice , transformers style " ) .
But Sockington 's 480,000 followers put him close behind Miley Cyrus ' 570,000 and comedian Stephen Fry 's 490,000 , and ahead of Kate Perry 's 330,000 and starlet Nicole Richie 's 260,000 .
On Twitter at least , Socks is a real star .
Published online 7 May 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.450
News
Crops give more kilometres per hectare if used to power electric vehicles .
Electric cars powered by biomass could be greener than cars that run on biofuel .
Punchstock / Cultura
Vehicles propelled by biomass - fired electricity would travel farther on a given crop and produce fewer greenhouse - gas emissions than vehicles powered by ethanol , researchers report today .
Burning biomass to produce electricity is generally more efficient than converting it into ethanol .
And electric vehicles — although often more expensive to make and maintain than many vehicles with internal combustion engines — are also more efficient at converting that energy into motion .
In the current study , the researchers , led by Elliott Campbell of the University of California , Merced , modelled the entire system all the way from crop cultivation to vehicle propulsion , comparing cumulative greenhouse - gas emissions for both biofuels and bioelectricity .
They found that the bioelectric route came out ahead of both corn ethanol and advanced cellulosic ethanol made from switchgrass .
“ In all cases , the electricity pathway uses a lot less land to achieve the same amount of transportation . ”
Elliott Campbell
University of California , Merced
" We expected that electricity would look better than corn ethanol , but it was surprising to see that this was also the case for the more advanced second - generation ethanols , " Campbell says .
" In all cases , the electricity pathway uses a lot less land to achieve the same amount of transportation . "
The study , published in Science1 , suggests that , on average , an electric vehicle powered by biomass will travel 81 % farther than an internal - combustion vehicle powered by cellulosic ethanol if both are produced from the same area of cropland .
Moreover , the reductions in greenhouse - gas emissions using bioelectricity are more than double those calculated for the cellulosic ethanol .
Biomass bonus
Sonia
Yeh , an engineer at the University of California , Davis , says that the study results , although not surprising , have been framed in a new way — in kilometres and emissions per hectare — that allows for a direct comparison between bioelectricity and liquid biofuels .
" I think it reinforces what we know , " she says , " but they kind of introduce a new and interesting unit to look at the land impact " .
Yeh says that the study bolsters California 's approach to reducing emissions in the transportation sector .
The state 's ' low carbon fuel standard ' , adopted last month , sets a greenhouse - gas standard for fuels and then allows companies to pick their technologies , which include electric transport .
By contrast , US fuel policy is focused on biofuels .
The federal mandate ramps up from 9 billion gallons of biofuels in 2008 ( compared with almost 138 billion gallons of gasoline ) to 36 billion gallons of biofuels by 2022 .
On 5 May , the US Environmental Protection Agency proposed greenhouse - gas standards for various biofuels , but made no provision for electric transport .
ADVERTISEMENT
However , there are proposals to deploy something like California 's low carbon fuel standard at the national level .
Democrats in the House of Representatives have included such provisions in the climate legislation that is currently under consideration , and President Barack Obama supports the Californian approach as well .
Jeremy Martin , a senior researcher at the Washington DC office of the Union of Concerned Scientists , says it 's too early to tell how successful electric vehicles will be or what kind of role advanced biofuels might have in the future .
He says the key is to have a flexible policy that sets a goal and then allows all technologies to compete .
" The paper helpfully demonstrates that there is more than one technology pathway that can put the agricultural sector to work in the transportation sector , " Martin says .
" We would be foolish to put all of our eggs in either basket . "
In the midst of the current financial crunch , the popular , free Linux distribution Ubuntu has never looked more attractive .
If you 've considered switching , a free copy of the Ubuntu Pocket Guide is the perfect place to start .
Advertisement
Written by Keir Thomas , author of Ubuntu Kung Fu , Ubuntu Pocket Guide and Reference covers all the beginner - to - expert knowledge you 'll need to make the move to Ubuntu .
Advertisement
We 've featured excerpts from Thomas ' Ubuntu Kung Fu two times at Lifehacker , and the Ubuntu Pocket Guide and Reference offers the same level of Ubuntu expertise to anyone interested in or already living the Ubuntu life .
Some Productive Ubuntu Kung Fu Editor : Say hey to Keir Thomas , author of the new book Ubuntu Kung Fu , who stopped by to share …
Read more
Focuses on core competencies and background knowledge needed to be an expert Ubuntu user ;
Readable , accessible , and easy to understand - even if you 've never used Linux before ;
100 % new and original !
Written from the ground - up to cover Ubuntu 8.04 and 8.10 .
Ubuntu Pocket Guide and Reference is available from Amazon for $ 10 , but — best of all — the book is also available as a free PDF download from the official web site .
Ca n't go wrong with free .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Ubuntu Pocket Guide and Reference
Music fan Thomas Mrzyglocki ( left ) and drummer Josh Freese lay down tracks in a Los Angeles studio .
Photo : Dave Bullock / Wired .comPaying
$ 20,000 for a round of miniature golf might seem extravagant , but throw in the opportunity to hang out with a handful of rock stars , and you 've got a truly priceless experience .
Thomas Mrzyglocki , 19 , ponied up that princely sum to buy one of Josh Freese 's creative , limited - edition packages built around the drummer 's new record , Since 1972 , which is available as a download for $ 7 .
The deluxe packages all include copies of the record , but that 's just the tip of the rock ' n ' roll iceberg .
Freese dreamed up wild extras like sessions in a sensory - deprivation tank , a mushroom - fueled Lamborghini ride and cool meet - ups with his rock star friends .
Less - expensive bundles include lunch with Freese at P.F. Chang 's or The Cheesecake Factory ( $ 250 , sold out ! ) and personal " thank you " phone calls from the drummer , which go for just $ 50 .
See also : Sold ! Mini-Golf With Rock Stars Fetches $ 20,000
Drummer 's Crazy Album Extras Take ' Freemium ' to Weirdville
Mrzyglocki , who flew from Melbourne , Florida , to hang out in Los Angeles with Freese for a week , said he is thrilled with his unique $ 20,000 purchase .
" It 's totally worth it , " Mrzyglocki told Wired.com in a phone interview Thursday , as he prepared to go to a studio with Freese .
That night , they laid down tracks for a couple of songs that the drummer is writing about Mrzyglocki — another element of the elaborate package .
Freese 's experiment comes as the music industry is grappling with steep declines in traditional sales .
It 's one of the most off - the - wall schemes yet to test fans ' taste for the type of " freemium " pricing pioneered by Radiohead and Freese 's former Nine Inch Nails bandmate , Trent Reznor .
The quirky mix of star power and pure rock ' n ' roll adventure has proven to be a winning combination for Freese , an in - demand session drummer who cooked up the highly creative packages to promote his solo album .
Now the packages are earning the drummer real money in addition to boatloads of publicity .
Mostly the cash goes to cover past recording costs , Freese said .
" I 've made a little bit of money , " he said , " but I 'm not out shopping for cars , you know what I mean ? "
For Mrzyglocki , the $ 20,000 package has turned into a ticket to mingle with rock ' n ' roll royalty .
He 's met lots of Freese 's musician friends during his stay in Los Angeles , including former Guns N' Roses guitarist Slash and most of the members of Tool and A Perfect Circle .
Mrzyglocki called the experience " the most fun I 've had in a long , long time . "
The Florida teen said he first got wind of Freese 's tiered - pricing packages from Tool 's website .
With the country in the midst of a financial mess and his birthday fast approaching , Mrzyglocki figured his broke friends would be getting him " half - assed postcards or
T - shirts or something . "
To avoid a birthday bummer , the Florida teen treated himself to the
$ 20,000 package , which featured a mini - golf game with Tool singer
Maynard James Keenan and Devo front man Mark Mothersbaugh .
Freese plays drums in Devo and in one of Keenan 's side projects , A Perfect Circle .
Mrzyglocki's friends were shocked when he told them what he'd done .
" Their jaws dropped instantly , " he said .
Some tried to reason with him , saying he should buy a car with the money instead , but Mrzyglocki said he 's landed something much more valuable .
" Almost anybody can buy a car , " said Mrzyglocki , who 's a senior in high school .
" Only one person gets to buy Josh Freese 's limited - edition package . "
The Since 1972 stunt has been wild for Freese .
He admits he felt a little like a hooker as it came time to fulfill many of the more personal aspects of the bundles .
Since Mrzyglocki arrived , Freese has been going above and beyond , working out cool extras and generally clearing his week to spend time with his young fan .
" We 've been joined at the hip since Sunday , " said Freese , adding that he feels like Mrzyglocki's big brother at this point .
" I really do like the kid and know that it's a bizarre experience for him , " Freese said .
The whole experience has n't been totally smooth , but Freese has pulled out all the stops in his attempt to provide a meaningful week .
When a scheduling conflict kept Keenan and Mothersbaugh from being in the same place at the same time for the mini - golf game , Freese came up with a solution : a pizza party at Mothersbaugh 's house in the Hollywood Hills .
" That was like an added bonus , " Mrzyglocki said .
For the golf outing , Mrzyglocki and Freese were joined by Keenan , Joe Escalante ( who plays bass in Freese 's punk rock band The Vandals ) , several friends and a cameraman who recorded the match for posterity .
Famous bullshitter Keenan went on a spiel about being a Putt - Putt golf champion in his younger days , Mrzyglocki said .
" He backed it up with a crazy , lucky hole - in - one on the first shot , " said Mrzyglocki .
" I believed him for the first hole . "
In addition to the mini - golf game , Mrzyglocki also got a night aboard the * Queen Mary *( complete with a " ghost tour " of the ship ) , and other extras , like free tickets to shows by Keenan 's band Puscifer and
The Vandals .
When it came time to fulfill the one part of the package Freese feared most — a choice between a drum lesson or a foot massage — he asked Mrzyglocki which he preferred .
" It was really awkward , " Freese said .
" Just asking was funny and uncomfortable . "
The drummer lucked out : Mrzyglocki mentioned the sensory - deprivation tank sessions included in the $ 500 packages , and Freese jumped at the opportunity to provide a free upgrade .
Wheeling and dealing aside , it 's been a memorable week for both Freese and Mrzyglocki .
It was scheduled to end Sunday with the drummer dropping off his new friend at Los Angeles International Airport for a flight back to Florida .
Mrzyglocki will have one bonus waiting for him when he gets back .
" One of my friends told me it took a lot of balls , and that he'd give me a huge high - five when I got back , " he said .
Josh Freese makes notes as he works on one of two songs he 's writing in honor of Thomas Mrzyglocki , the fan who paid $ 20,000 for an elaborate package of rock ' n ' roll adventures .
Photo : Dave Bullock / Wired.com
Josh Freese , Thomas Mrzyglocki and studio owner - engineer Tom Weir listen to a track that will probably make its way onto iTunes within the next few months .
Photo : Dave Bullock / Wired.com
Intro-verse - prechorus - chorus : Josh Freese shows off a song sheet that reveals the not - so - secret recipe for good ol ' rock ' n ' roll .
Photo : Dave Bullock / Wired.com
Thomas Mrzyglocki watches as Josh Freese pounds the skins in a Los Angeles studio .
" I 'm sure we 'll be friends for a long time , " Mrzyglocki said .
Photo : Dave Bullock / Wired.comSee also :
There are stronger reasons for craving a written constitution of the sort favoured by less overtly malfunctioning democracies than our own , but the one I 'd like to start with today is this : under such a document , the crucial role of " Government Manuel " could be formalised into an official state position carrying a salary , unrestricted unreceipted expenses , a front - row seat at the Coronation , and a taxpayer - funded filigree Siberian hamster ( rat ) .
As things stand there is no requirement for the position to be filled at all , and that can't be right .
You can see how it came to be left vacant , because the previous incumbent was no easy act to follow .
John Prescott played the part with such virtuosity that you suspected he might be a student of the method .
" Well , what are you going to do now ? " a livid Basil enquired on discovering that the door to the dining room had been sacrificed on the altar of the Spaniard 's hapless bemusement .
" Qué ? " " What .
You .
Do. Now ? " came the follow - up as he battered the Spaniard 's head against the unwanted new wall .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
It would need a special supplement to catalogue What .
Prescott .
Did .
His replacement is Jacqui Smith , of course , and what a successor she 's proving .
There are creatures crawling around beneath the paving stones outside my shed that would fill the great office of state of Home Secretary with greater dignity , intellect and competence , but in the future office of state that is Government Manuel , or Manuela , she 's a megastar .
What .
She . Done .
Now may not rival the near - £ 500 per week sister 's bedroom for avarice , the reimbursement for the husband 's wristy home entertainment for venality , or the Ghurka debacle for political tone - deafness .
Even so , her decision to ban an American radio talk - show host from this septic isle demands yet another run out for the trusty Home Office dunce 's cap .
Michael Savage is a new name to me , as perhaps it is to you .
It 's fairly new to him , in fact , this third - ranking US " shock jock " , behind the limitlessly repugnant Rush Limbaugh and the endlessly preposterous Glenn Beck , having been born with the far more fitting surname of Wiener .
Savage as he prefers to be perceived , here 's another of the US airwaves ' little dicks ... one of those motormouthed rabble - rousers whose streams of semi-consciousness flow incessantly towards ears sited a few inches above the reddest of necks ; and who seem gratifyingly committed to doing their bit to keep the Republicans out of the White House for many years to come .
To this little Wiener , autism is a poor excuse for naughtiness , gay marriage an abomination in the eyes of the Lord , and the white man a wickedly persecuted entity in an oppressively multicultural world .
Many of us know the schtick , if not from the likes of Wiener himself then from Stephen Colbert 's flawless parody .
What has stirred Manuela into action is none of the above opinions .
Distasteful as they may be , they are not enough to cause their propounder 's exclusion .
It is Wiener 's thoughts on Islam , and specifically the Koran ( " a book of hate " as he calls it ) , that enable her to act under the legislation of 2005 covering the promotion of " hatred , terrorist violence or serious criminal activity " .
The stupidity displayed here by the woman Wiener describes , with unwonted charity , as " a lunatic " covers so many bases that you 'd need all 49 Lottery balls and the machine known as Guinevere to pick the six winners .
Space being short , let 's limit ourselves to needlessly martyring an unpalatable but ( to us , until now ) irrelevant moron , and inviting the inevitably successful libel action Wiener promises to bring against her for bracketing him with some serious Russian neo -Nazi killers and some seriously nasty Muslim extremists .
The bonus ball is the fact that , regardless of his whereabouts , we can listen to Wiener 's rot every day over the internet .
In the Elysian fields of gerontocratic Beijing , the signal would be blocked , and given Ms Smith 's fears for the effect of Wiener 's honeyed words on malleable British minds that would seem the logical next step .
However even autocratic centralist Labour administration has shied away from that .
Yet buried far beneath the surface lies a minute nugget of rationale .
It may be muddle - headed , and it may even be demented , but evidently Manuela hopes to fashion from Wiener 's exclusion a fig leaf to cover her modesty if and when members of the Muslim community take umbrage at the banning of less appetising co-religionists .
How can you moan about me keeping out the advocates of murderous religious violence , her intended rebuttal must be , when I 'm also keeping out a man who has been perfectly beastly about your sacred text ?
Does it really need stating that the direct moral ( and in this instance legal ) equivocation between seeking to inspire the slaughter of innocents and spouting crude and ignorant opinion is an act of criminal idiocy in itself ?
Must we be forever stating the bleedin ' obvious about how hurriedly passed , ill - conceived and crazily draconian anti-terrorism legislation will always be misapplied , as with dear old Walter Wolfgang and that gentle young vegan woman nicked for reciting the names of our war dead at the Cenotaph ?
How much more breathtaking abuse of rank bad law must be tolerated before the pressure for a written constitution guaranteeing freedom of speech , as enjoyed by Wiener back home , begins to grow ?
Yes , yes and far too much appear the answers to the above .
For this is Britain , beacon of governmental duncery to the world , where a Home Secretary 's cunning plan to divert focus from her status as Laughing Stock - in - Chief compels the liberal centre left to make common cause with an ultra - right - wing shock jock , and to anticipate with relish the day when this dime - a - dozen twerp pockets a fortune off the taxpayer in libel damages .
Jacqui Smith , like so many adored sitcom foils , is a plain and simple imbecile .
She makes Baldrick look like Roy Jenkins , Doberman from Bilko's motor platoon like FDR , Phoebe from Friends like Hillary Clinton , and Dibley verger Alice Tinker like Mrs Gandhi .
So let us cherish her until the summer reshuffle , and pray that she is then retained as Manuela , the Silver Stick sequestered from that mysterious officer of state and duly adorned with jester 's bells , and safely housed in a heavily padded grace - and - favour apartment in Torquay .
Some of the Madurai Tamil Words Translation Madurai Tamil English Translated Word Marutha ( மறுத ) Madurai varainga ( வராய்ங்க ) coming porainga ( போராய்ங்க ) going angittu ( அங்கிட்ட ு )
There ingittu ( இங்கிட்ட ு )
Here embuttu ( எம்புட்ட ு ) How much ?
ravuran ( ராவுறான ் ) He is boring vyekyanama pesu ( வீயகனமா பேசு ) speak properly pottai ( பொட்ட ) girl kundaka mandaka ( குண்டக்க மண்டக்க ) irrelevant mundakalapa ( உண்டகலப ) plough patraya podu ( பட்றைய போடு ) sit and relax nkokka makka ( கோக்க மக்க ) collective term for cousin kolara poitu va ( கொல்லார போயிட்டு வா ) take care posaketta paya ( போசகட்ட பய ) useless fellow seemennai ( சீமை எண்ணை = சீம்மன்னை ) kerosene imbutukandi ( இம்புட்டுகூண்டு ) very little roota kodukatha ( ரூட்ட குடுக்கா த )
Do n't tell lie vaiya porainga ( வைய்யபோறாங்ங் க ) They will scold athukaandithaan
For that only ithukaandithaan ( இதுகாண்டிதான ் ) For this only kudikaramattai ( குடிக்கரமட்ட ை ) Drunkard jaari ( ஜாரி ) beautiful woman aataya podu ( ஆட்டைய போடு ) Steal , theft yenney ( அண்ணே ) Elder Brother yekkah ( எக்கோய் ) Elder …
When using social news sites for search marketing , you are inevitably going to run into annoying people .
Some , in fact , may be actively trying to undermine your credibility , to further their own agenda .
You need to watch out for these troglodytes , and respond appropriately to maintain your own credibility .
Here are the 10 worst kinds of comment saboteurs to watch out for .
Know - it- alls
No matter how great your submission is , these characters think they can find a way to make it better .
It they are an “ expert ” on the topic , you will know .
While adding to the community is a definite positive , the “ know - it - alls ” make sure that it is n’t about the content … it ’s about themselves .
You will find these people restating your content is a slightly different manner , explaining back stories and history behind everything or just adding their own content in through the comments .
Every topic has an expert and , unfortunately , most experts come off as annoying .
So look for your “ know - it - alls ” on the most popular stories everywhere .
Annoyance Level : Medium High
The first fanatic
These people love one thing and one thing only .
Being first .
They usually do this for one reason — visibility .
Instead of working hard and finding good content , they just leech on to others and hang onto the coattails as long as possible .
With comment voting enabled , these “ first fanatics ” now try to shapeshift their way into good graces .
Rather than a “ FIRST ! ” they now leave comments like “ Really thought provoking stuff ” or “ Now that ”s news ! ”
If you see a comment at the top that does n’t add value — bingo , you just found Waldo , the nothing - to - contribute attention grabbers .
Annoyance Level : Medium Low
The content hater
Rule 1 of social news is that not everyone will like your content .
Rule 2 of social news is that you are going to hear about it .
“ The haters ” not only dislike your submission — they want the world to know about it .
Unlike the troll ( see below ) , the haters just hate your content , not you .
Maybe the content was n’t substantial enough .
Maybe they did n’t agree with your take — instead of quietly downvoting your submission , they are going to try to start a revolution .
Odds are that these people only contribute to the community with negative comments and furies of hate .
Your best bet is to just downvote these babies and not engage their whining .
Annoyance Level : Medium High
The elitist
Cousins of both the “ the haters ” and the “ know it alls , ” the elitists only enjoy the finest products and make sure that everyone knows it , too .
The main difference with “ the Elitists ” is that instead of being malicious towards others , they are simply in love with themselves and love flaunting it .
You might find them commenting on why Macs are better than PCs , talking about why microbrews are the only things beers worth drinking or why it ”s unacceptable to buy an American car .
The best thing to do when running into elitists in the wild is to simply leave them alone and let them embarrass themselves .
Annoyance Level : Medium
The jealous one
You found great content and you submitted it ; it became popular .
Lookout , because success brings jealousy .
These people are not the “ do- ers ” of the community ; instead of working hard , they just revel in causing a scene .
You ” find these commenters complaining about power users , whining about mainstream sites and moaning about everyone else except the slackers in their mirrors .
The only thing these users will ever be passionate about is starting a revolution and spearing a witch - hunt .
Avoid at all costs , but don”t stop being successful just because others are n’t .
Annoyance Level : High
The fanatical fact - checker
No need to call Snopes.com — the “ fanatical fact checker ” ( aka FFC ) is right around the corner to say their bit .
Instead of clarifying a situation in a way to help the community , they spout off all the info that they can muster up to cut you and your submission down .
Maybe your submission touched on Wolfenstein 3D as being one of the first successful first - person shooters — the FFC will be sure to let everyone know that “ Maze Wars ” came out in 1980 and had a small cult following .
Or maybe you mentioned that the majority of experts chose the Patriots to win the 2008 NFL season — the FFC will hunt down any pre-season mentions of the Pats losing and share with world , as loudly as possible .
The thing with the fanatical fact checker is that they mean well , they just don”t know how to say it .
Annoyance Level : Low
The hijacker
These users seek momentum and then do their damndest to steal as much as they can .
Their goals are to find upcoming ( but relevant ) content and leverage that to their own benefit .
They will link from your story to theirs to suck the livelihood from your hard work .
The key to spotting these hacks is that instead of actually linking to neutral relevant content , they link straight to their social submissions or their personal blogs .
Whether disguised as “ additional info ” or “ for more details ” these commenters really want one more thing — additional votes .
Report these users if possible , as they try to make themselves appear as godsends , but are really just polite SPAMers .
Annoyance Level : Medium High
The troll
The bizzaro version of “ the hater , ” these users seriously dislike you and want you to know it — publicly .
Maybe you created better content than they did , or you downvoted one of their articles and they found out .
The fact of the matter is that they are pissed .
And they are going to follow you around to pester you .
The less attention you pay to trolls , the better .
The anonymity of the Internet makes it easy to be a troll .
It ’s easy to counteract trolls — just try not to piss too many people off and be a nice person — squashing trolls before they start is always the best tactic .
Annoyance Level : High
The agenda spreader
These users target momentum just like hijackers do , but are worse members to the community .
Agenda spreaders not only target relevant content , but mainly target competitive content .
Instead of persuading community members with your own content , these people spread competitive information on others others ” posts .
If you see a positive Republican agenda comment on an Obama submission or PS3 praise on a Wii post you probably caught an agenda spreader .
Annoyance Level : Very High
The shameless spammer
Why even choose a tactic when you can just drop your link into a comment ?
These people do n’t try to hide at all .
They drop links to their blogs everywhere that they think they can get traffic .
Thanks for the link to your stop smoking site on my NFL submission Mr. Spammer ; now I am reporting you .
Annoyance Level : Very High
About The Author Greg Finn Greg Finn is the Director of Marketing for Greg Finn is the Director of Marketing for Cypress North , a company that provides world - class social media and search marketing services and web & application development .
He has been in the Internet marketing industry for 10 + years and specializes in Digital Marketing .
You can also find Greg on Twitter ( @gregfinn ) or LinkedIn
Daniel A. Becker – Random Walk of the number Pi
Daniel A. Becker works freelance , got high - awarded prices and finally published his diploma - thesis he made at the FH Mainz in Germany .
The thesis Random Walk is a deep exploration of the phenomena “ random ” .
The interplay of random and order : Order claims , that random do not exist or has no significance .
We all know , that this is n’t true .
On the other side even pure random generates patterns and systems – although it claims , that it is patternless by default .
“ Random Walk is for all those people , who are interested in the mystic term of random .
In ten visualisations things can been seen from the field of math and physics , that ask about coincidence .
The shown models always merge two opposites to one picture , that forms our view of random : chaos and order .
The visualisations are not only illustrations , but the result of real simulations and at the same time the proof for this symbiotic relationship . ”
He explores quite interesting things , like the distribution of prime - numbers or the decay time of things .
Daniel also made two visual semester - projects Visual DNA and Barcode Plantage .
At Slanted is a in - depth interview with him , but it is in German .
The thesis was made with processing and included some heavy - simulation and number - processing , due to the nature of this topic .
For other works he also utilizes Flash and Actionscript .
PS : You can order each work as poster .
Now that Damian McBride has utterly shattered the illusion of personal rectitude Gordon Brown sought to create when he became Prime Minister , the stage is set for the spotlight to fall on an inevitable , and massive , Tory election win in May 2010 .
Labour MPs with majorities of less than 10,000 can look forward to receiving 12 more pay packets and expenses payments before the electoral grim reaper finally requires the House of Commons to send out their P45 notices .
Any remaining chance of a Labour victory has been torpedoed by incompetence , sleaze and spin at the heart of Mr Brown 's operation in Downing Street – already being dubbed " down in the gutter street " .
The dying days of the John Major government look positively wholesome by comparison .
The worst the Tories ' messy attempts at the " black arts " could muster was the Tony Blair " demon eyes " campaign .
Any allegation , true or false , now made about any Tory shadow cabinet minister , backbencher or parliamentary candidate will be dismissed as the work of Gordon Brown and will have only a counter - productive influence on voters .
Mr McBride has been more use to the Tory Party than any mole they might have inside the government machine .
Of course the ability of any political party to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory knows no bounds but I cannot see any way , thanks to Mr McBride , Jacqui Smith and Tony McNulty – to name just a few – that the Tories can now lose next year .
The obvious consequence is , however , that more attention will be paid to David Cameron 's budget response , next week , than to the actual budget speech by Alistair Darling .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
What exactly is Tory economic policy ?
Whatever the answer , it no longer has to withstand the stress test of an election campaign .
But it will have to withstand the test of actual implementation .
Sensibly , Mr Cameron wants voters to cast a positive decision in favour of Tory policies .
His biggest danger is that his victory will be based solely on an overwhelming desire to " kick these sordid rascals out " .
The early years of the Cameron project were devoted to accommodating Tory policies to an age of Labour plenty which ensured that the formula of " sharing the proceeds of economic growth between increased public expenditure and lower taxes " successfully avoided the charge of " Tory cuts " that bedevilled the 2001 and 2005 campaigns under William Hague and Michael Howard .
But the banking and economic crises have so far been as much a nightmare for the Tory treasury team as for the Government .
During the last
Tory conference , the party leadership fell victim to the " let 's all be statesmen and play the national consensus card " .
George Osborne has since recovered his composure and managed to stumble his way towards some policy coherence .
After finally abandoning the commitment to match Labour spending plans he has carved out space to prepare for public expenditure cuts .
Already the Labour charge that the Tories are the " do nothing " party is losing its resonance .
But the pressure is on the Tories to confirm , in public , that they are the only party that stands for fiscal balance .
Tories , however , still face a conundrum .
How do they maintain that they remain a party of tax cuts when there is no room for manourvre during the lifetime of their first parliament ?
Ken Clarke tried , but failed , to prepare for the possible abandonment of the promise to downgrade the pledge to lower inheritance tax from a commitment to an aspiration – only to make unhappy waves among the party faithful and backbenchers .
Within hours the promise was re-stated .
How , the Tory right was arguing , can voters believe that they will keep an election manifesto promise , in government , if they cannot keep , in opposition , the one spectacular promise that led to Mr Brown scrapping the plan for a 2007 election .
Similarly , Mr Osborne last week momentarily dallied with the possibility of cancelling three year public sector wage agreements and even hinted that public sector pension arrangements might be in jeopardy before engaging reverse gear shortly afterwards .
It has also taken several weeks of unresolved soul searching for the front - bench to make up its mind about its attitude to quanitative easing – printing money .
Mr Cameron needs to be aware that it will be on his watch that the inevitable consequences of this policy – massive double digit inflation – manifesting when he faces re-election in 2015 .
His first response next week should be to oppose , unequivocally , all present government action involving the use of the printing press .
Since Mr Brown appears to be instructing his chancellor to adopt a slash and burn policy , without regard to the post election consequences , a high inflation and high interest rate economy now looms .
Mr Cameron needs to pin future inflation on current government policy .
Tory strategists believe that it may be possible for Mr Cameron and Mr Osborne to fudge precise spending and tax proposals until after the election .
They are right – they can .
But only if they are totally sure in their own minds that they are willing to endure instant unpopularity within weeks of the polls closing .
The Cameroons ' cultural difference from the Thatcherite leadership of yesteryear is that , hitherto , they have only been built for good times .
" Let there be sunshine " was the rallying cry from Mr Cameron at his first party conference .
Now the political weather for the next Tory government is destined to be dark clouds .
Thatcher , Howe , Tebbit and their fellow travellers only ever knew grim disasters and thrived in such a climate .
Thirty years ago I campaigned as the successful Tory candidate for Scunthorpe on a pledge of lower taxes .
Within weeks , however , Geoffrey Howe had torpedoed my promise by doubling the rate of VAT .
Yet voters readily accepted the bigger picture of economic bankruptcy .
Most MPs thought their pledges of lower overall taxes would be realised only if unpalatable medicine was first administered .
Thatcher and Howe had decided these plans well in advance .
Having spent four years shedding the image as the " nasty party " , Mr Cameron is obliged to administer the nastiest economic medicine ever prescribed by any government since the Second World War .
Programming a 64 - bit Operating System
Before progressing any further I would ask you to read my Privacy Policy .
Note :
Those of you who have visited this site before should be aware that I have recently made considerable changes to the code and the documentation , so you may want to download the source again .
Have a look at at the blog for more details .
Soon after the AMD Athlon64 was released I bought a computer incorporating one with the intent of learning its assembly language .
It took some time , but I finally got around to a little experimenting .
Although AMD make their excellent Programmer 's Manuals available on - line for free , I found it very difficult to find other information .
Specifically I could have done with some simple examples showing how exactly to get the processor from reset to long ( i.e. 64 - bit ) mode .
Plenty of sites give this sort of detail for protected mode on the i386 but I could n't find much about the x86_64 processors .
After much experimentation , and many false leads , I managed to figure it out so I thought that it might be useful to others if I described what I came up with .
The title above is a bit of a misnomer - only by a very wide stretch of the imagination could my system be described as an " operating system " , but it does boot , multi-tasks simple programs , and even has rudimentary keyboard and IDE hard disk device drivers .
I never had any intention of producing a true OS .
There are plenty of those about and it would be a very foolish , or vain , person who thought that they could compete with the likes of FreeBSD and Linux .
But my interest in computers is n't practical ; I just find programming them , particularly at this level , to be a supremely satisfying intellectual pursuit .
Some people enjoy crossword puzzles or Sudoku ; I enjoy assembler programming .
Every new processor that I experiment with is a new delight .
Whatever , before you can get to grips with the CPU you 're going to need the appropriate documentation and tools .
Here 's a gzipped tar of the source for this project ; untarring this will create a directory IanOS containing all the source files and a makefile .
This assumes that you are using the gcc toolset .
Before looking too closely at the code you 'll probably want to check out :
Here are instructions for building and running the system .
Now let 's look at the code itself :
( Before reading about the code you may wish to have a quick look at this note about the online source code . )
Note :
If anybody wishes to use any of this code in their own project , please do so .
Credit would be nice but , if not , no matter .
Note that the boot sector code is strongly modelled on that in Developing Your Own 32 - bit Operating System .
Please feel free to contact me about any aspect of this project .
Alternatively , post a comment in my Guest book .
If you are interested - About Me .
I thought that it might be fun to start a blog where I can describe my thought processes , problems , and development of IanOS .
You can look at it here .
Don Elder of Gresham did n't expect to catch anything Sunday afternoon when he waded through the crowd at Oxbow Regional Park and into the Sandy River to practice his fly - casting technique .
But three people he pulled to the shoreline with a bright chartreuse and orange , salmon - strength class fly line are thankful he 's getting better .
Elder , 52 , saved a man , his small sister and his fiancee from the Sandy 's deep and numbing snowmelt - fed water about 2 p.m.
Sunday as they were swept toward rapids near Buck Creek , upriver from Oxbow 's boat ramp .
Metro , which operates the park , confirmed the story Thursday but said the holiday weekend was so hectic an incident report had not been completed .
Heather Coston , a Metro spokeswoman , said a man known only as Dean and the two others apparently were swimming at the mouth of Buck Creek when they became caught in the Sandy 's current .
Elder , an award - winning rivers advocate who is the director of major gifts for the Western Rivers Conservancy , said he and his wife , Michelle Kenney , spent the weekend camping near the park 's boat ramp .
He went upriver in the afternoon to practicing his casting but " without much hope of catching a fish . "
" I heard screaming in the middle of the river , " Elder said .
" It took five or 10 seconds before I realized someone was in pretty desperate trouble .
But what do you do first ?
Out in the middle of the river was a man clutching a very small girl .
Between us in the water was a young woman .
" I was wearing waders and boots , so it was n't very practical to try to get to them .
If I became part of the problem , it would n't help anyone .
The only safe way was to bite off the fly , so I ( bit off the leader ) , and before I realized what I was doing , I started casting to them . "
Elder 's first cast was to the woman between him and the man .
She grabbed the line and he lowered his rod , " stripping " her in a bit -- making short tugs on the line -- as she held on and the current drew her toward the shoreline .
By then , others had gathered and waded out to help her from the shallows .
After she released the line , Elder said , he ran downriver to within range of the man and little girl .
They were approaching the upper end of the rapids near the boat ramp but were farther from Elder than the woman was .
On his first two casts , either he missed the mark or the man did n't see the line .
On his third cast , though , Elder said , " The man seemed to realize what to do and grabbed it with his free hand . "
Elder said he hung on , again stripping a little line as he worked his way downriver to where the two came to shore , still gripping the brightly colored fly line .
Elder estimates it to be at least 100 - pound test strength , strong enough to hold someone in the water .
And he was spey - casting , a method used for steelhead and salmon that involves larger rods and reels than those used for trout .
Someone waded out and grabbed the girl , and Elder wrapped his arms around the man to help him ashore .
" He kept saying ' Thank you , thank you , ' then he passed out , " Elder said .
Largely ignoring a bystander who mistakenly chided him for continuing to fish through the emergency ( " Everyone else knew what I was trying to do ; we laughed about it later , " Elder said ) , and still in his waders and boots , Elder ran up the riverbank a couple of hundred yards to his campsite .
Also ignoring his wife 's questions about what was going on , Elder jumped in his car to race to park headquarters for more help .
Cell phone coverage is limited in that part of the Sandy River canyon , about eight miles east of Gresham .
Meanwhile , rafters had floated the man downriver to the boat ramp , where Kendra Carrillo , a park ranger , arrived .
He was taken to a hospital .
Metro spokeswoman Coston said the man 's mother called Carrillo later in the afternoon to report all three were recovered and safely at home .
Spring drownings are common on the Sandy and Clackamas rivers , but none of the three in the water was wearing life jackets , Elder said .
Relieved at " the positive outcome , " Elder does n't know whom he saved .
He was to leave this morning for a four - day float down a remote section of the John Day River .
Before leaving , though , Elder said the incident is a good reminder for the coming hot weekend weather that rivers are " always more powerful than they look . "
He echoed experts who say it 's especially crucial to stay out of the water in the spring -- no matter how hot it gets -- because rivers are running high with fresh snowmelt .
" I had just been standing there , " Elder said , " thinking what a wonderful amenity Oxbow Park is , 1,200 acres ( and another 3,000 acres upriver purchased by Western Rivers Conservancy ) so close to a million people . "
-- Bill Monroe ; nwbill@aol.com
A NASA Mars rover , the Spirit , is stuck .
The rover drove into soft ground a couple of weeks ago , and when it tried to get out , its wheels slipped and it moved only a couple of inches .
The Spirit has been stuck before , and mission managers have been assiduously driving it around potential hazards .
But they did not see the soft spot , which was hidden under a veneer of normal - looking soil .
“ It is quite serious , ” said John Callas , the project manager for the Spirit and the Opportunity , its twin rover on the other side of Mars .
Steven W. Squyres , the principal investigator of the rover mission , said the material looked like ferric sulfate salt , which had previously been encountered .
“ From a rover mobility standpoint , it is insidious stuff , ” he said .
“ This stuff has very little cohesion .
What this means is that it ’s very tough for the rover wheels to get a grip on it . ”
Lemon Tree
Here is a parable about bad fences making bad neighbours .
The narrative of Lemon Tree is intercut with images of the massive wall that divides Palestinians and Jews along the West Bank .
Like many Jews , Israeli director Eran Riklis hates the wall , and in Lemon Tree , as well as his previous outing , 2004 's The Syrian Bride , he treats its construction as an act of aggression undermining the possibility of peace .
But this time there 's no way around Israel 's military will and the relentless machinery of its unyielding government .
From the get - go , the lonely widow , Salma Zidane ( Hiam Abbass ) seems to know her efforts to keep the lemon grove that has been in her family for 50 years and provides her meagre income , will come to nothing .
Surrounded by a wire fence and under constant surveillance by soldiers in watch towers , she is not even allowed to tend her trees , which begin to die before she 's able to mount a proper appeal .
The zealous , self - possessed politician Israel Navon ( Doron Tavory ) , values his — and , by extension , Israel 's — security over Zidane 's need to survive , and blocks and mocks her at every turn , even as his wife , Mira ( Rona Lipaz - Michael ) , begins to feel compassion for their new neighbour , whom she can't avoid watching in grieving silence .
Zidane 's efforts are also undermined by her Palestinian friends , men fearful of drawing attention to their own anti-Israel activities , and others who see her growing friendship with feisty Palestinian lawyer Ziad Daud ( Ali Suliman ) as an insult to her late husband and to Arab traditions .
Her grown son , living in America , can only root from afar when her case makes international headlines .
To his credit , Riklis is fairly even - handed in his treatment of characters on both sides of the impenetrable divide .
Though Zidane is his focus , he is careful to balance her imminent tragedy with the effects of the wall - defence policy on the lives of Israelis who believe in it .
The struggle between the neighbours may seem one - sided , but Navon 's intransigence becomes a corrosive agent in his own marriage .
He may win the battle and save his political skin , but in the eyes of his wife and daughter — a student in the U.S. — he 's in danger of losing his humanity .
A carefully constructed essay on one of the fundamental issues of the Palestine - Israel conflict , Lemon Tree benefits from allowing the behaviour and emotions of its complex characters to make the important points , and steering clear of long - winded court sequences .
and legal arguments .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
This struggle , after all , will be resolved , if at all , in people 's hearts , not in the judicial system .
And in its simplicity and understated humanism Lemon Tree says pretty well all there is to say .
Member since May 12 , 2009 .
Last seen online 8 years , 8 months ago .
BlackBerry manufacturer Research in Motion ( RIM ) has launched a website for users of the smartphones dedicated to the latest news about Earth Hour .
Earth Hour began in Sydney in 2007 and is an annual WWF event that encourages individuals and businesses to switch off their lights for an hour .
The website , which is only accessible using select BlackBerry handsets , gives users the ability to get the latest news and videos about Earth Hour as well connect to the event 's profiles on YouTube , Facebook , Twitter and MySpace .
" I hope that BlackBerry users take the opportunity to experience the Earth Hour site and demonstrate their support for Earth in the fight against global warming , " said RIM 's Antoinette Trovato .
Only owners of the BlackBerry Bold , BlackBerry Storm , BlackBerry Curve , BlackBerry Curve 8900 , BlackBerry 8800 and BlackBerry Pearl smartphones will be able to access the website .
Attempting to access the website with an older BlackBerry or a computer - based web browser leads to an apology screen with a link to http://www.earthour.org.
Almost 1900 cities in 81 countries are participating in this year 's event , with Earth Hour organisers claiming that more than 50 million people participated in 2008 .
See also :
Smartphone reviews
Mobile phone buying advice
Grainy , unbranded clip posted to YouTube by NHS Leicester appears to show teenager giving birth in schoolyard
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
A hard - hitting NHS viral advertising campaign about teenage pregnancy has been banned by YouTube for showing what appears to be a schoolgirl giving birth in a playground while being watched by students .
The video clip , posted by NHS Leceister , was unbranded and appeared to be real footage shot on a mobile phone and posted on YouTube , the hugely popular Google - owned social media website .
This footage , which was blocked by YouTube after just 24 hours on the video sharing website , was designed to target the hard - to - reach teenage demographic .
" We know this film is hard - hitting but so are the numbers of under - 18s getting pregnant in Leicester , " said Tim Rideout , chief executive of NHS Leicester City .
" Nearly half the city 's wards are classed as teen pregnancy ' hotspots ' . "
Rideout added that traditional marketing , such as leaflets and posters , did not get the teenage sex and pregnancy message across to many of the target demographic .
The clip is still viewable at a supporting campaign website , www.hey-babe.co.uk, which from next month will also host an online " docu- drama " featuring " local actors tackling common myths and frequently asked questions on relationships , sex and pregnancy " .
Last September , YouTube tightened up a range of its community guidelines governing the type of videos it would look to police more vigorously .
In a blogpost relating more directly to content that incited violence , YouTube said : " If your video shows someone getting hurt , attacked or humiliated , do n't post it . "
Last July John Whittingdale MP , chairman of the Commons culture , media and sport select committee , criticised YouTube in a report looking at harmful content on the internet .
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
Fusion center declares nation 's oldest universities possible terror threat Stephen C. Webster
Published : Monday April 6 , 2009
Print This Email
This A newly leaked terrorism assessment from a law enforcement fusion center in Virginia highlights US universities as potential " radicalization nodes " for terrorists .
RAW STORY has published the entirety of the 215 page report , available here in PDF format .
From page 17 :
A wide variety of terror or extremist groups have links to [ a highlighted area of Virginia ] .
This area not only has a diverse population due to the strong military presence , but it is also the site of several universities .
While most of these universities are considered urban , two are designated as a Historically Black Colleges and Universities , while Regent University is a private , evangelical Christian institution .
While the majority of individuals associated with educational institutions do not engage in activities of interest to the VFC , it is important to note that University - based students groups are recognized as a radicalization node for almost every type of extremist group .
Though the report singles out " historically black colleges " early on , it also contains an extensive list of peaceful American and International activist groups from nearly all cross-sections of political engagement , placing them side - by - side with groups that have long been known for resorting to violence .
The list of groups the fusion center considers potential terrorist threats is as follows :
Al - Qaida
Al - Shabaab
HAMAS
Hizballah
Jamaat al - Tabligh
Jamaat ul Fuqra
Lashkar-e Tayyiba
Muslim Brotherhood
Anarchist Extremists
Green Anarchism Movement
Anonymous
Black Separatist Extremists
Five Percent Nation
Nation of Islam
New Black Panther Party
New African Black Panther Party
Homegrown Islamic Extremism
As - Sabiqun
Iqaamatiddeen Movement
Lone Wolf Extremists
Militia Extremists
Anti-Abortion Extremists
Army of God
Animal Defense League
Animal Liberation Front
Stop Huntington Animal Cruelty
Earth First !
Katuah Earth First
Blue Ridge Earth First
Earth Liberation Front
Sovereign Citizen Extremists
Moorish Science Temple of America
Neo -Nazis
Racist Skinhead Movement
White Supremacists
The memo also calls out " hacktivism " as a potential terrorist threat .
" Also of note is the phenomenon of hacktivism , defined as ' the nonviolent use of illegal or legally ambiguous digital tools in pursuit of political ends .
These tools include web site defacements , redirects , denial - of - service attacks , information theft , web site parodies , virtual sit-ins , virtual sabotage , and software development , ' " the memo reads .
" On March 28 , 2008 , Wired News reported that ' Internet griefers ' a makeshift term for people who cause grief posted code and flashing computer animations with the intention of triggering migraine headaches and seizures .
Hacktivism and griefing incidents have ranged from minor inconveniences involving modified website content and denial - of - services to potentially dangerous scenarios , such as the modification of electronic traffic safety signs . "
The center 's graphic example of the " dangerous " scenario of altered traffic safety signs was culled from a Wired magazine report on an incident in Austin , Texas , where a hacker changed a sign to warn of a coming zombie infestation .
The report also discusses numerous potential areas of fraud which could allow a terrorist to integrate with society , including document fraud , student visa fraud , marriage fraud and employer fraud .
" If we are to believe this exaggerated threat assessment , Virginia 's learning and religious institutions must be hotbeds of terrorist activity , ' said Caroline Fredrickson , Director of the ACLU Washington Legislative Office , in an advisory .
" This document and its authors have displayed a fundamental disregard for our constitutional rights of free expression and association .
Unfortunately , it 's not the first time we 've seen such an indifference to these basic rights from local fusion centers .
Congress must take the necessary steps to institute real and thorough oversight mechanisms at fusion centers before we reach a point where we are all considered potential suspects . "
" There is an appalling lack of oversight at these fusion centers and they are becoming  as the ACLU has repeatedly warned  a breeding ground for overzealous police intelligence activities , " said Michael German , ACLU Policy Counsel and former FBI Agent , in a release .
" The Virginia threat assessment is nt just disturbing for encouraging police to treat education and religious practices with suspicion , it 's bad law enforcement .
Lawmakers from all levels of government need to enact legislation to protect against these spying activities that threaten our democracy while doing nothing to improve security . "
Recently , a Department of Homeland Security - funded fusion center in Missouri was accused of blatant disregard for the United States Constitution after one of its memos encouraged the surveillance of third party activists , Christians and supporters of Congressman Ron Paul , for their alleged potential status as illegal militia .
The center retracted its memo and publicly apologized when Congressman Paul , along with former presidential candidate Chuck Baldwin and former Congressman Bob Barr , sent a letter to Missouri Governor Jay Nixon ( PDF link ) , demanding an about - face .
In 2007 , the ACLU published a study called " What 's Wrong with Fusion Centers ? , " exploring the troubling aspects of the post - 9/11 law enforcement aparatus , which are designed to facilitate communication between local agencies .
The Virginia fusion center 's memo was first published by Cryptome .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
PLEASE , Dick Cheney , keep talking !
Now we know why he was so hunkered down as vice president , except to proclaim that we would be welcomed as liberators in Iraq .
Had he been more candid sooner , even more Republicans would have staked their lawns with Obama signs , ashamed of the rock their party lives under .
Why Cheney is hitting the news - show circuit at all is amazing , given that his job approval rating was down to 30 percent by the time he left office , according a Washington Post / ABC News poll .
Worse , a Wall Street Journal / NBC
News poll last month found that only 18 percent of Americans had positive feelings for him .
This compared with 56 percent in the months after 9/11 .
But Cheney never cared what Americans thought about him back then , with his secretive , industry - stacked energy panels , his defense of waterboarding of suspected terrorists , and his saying that he would have invaded Iraq even if we knew Saddam Hussein did not have weapons of mass destruction .
So there is no reason to expect sensitivity from him now , blubbering to an excess that serves only to further creep out Americans on the Republican brand .
On " Face the Nation , " Cheney reasserted last week that President Obama has " moved to take down a lot of those policies we put in place that kept the nation safe . . . prisoner interrogation for example . "
In a February interview with Politico he warned of a " high probability " of a nuclear or biological terrorist attack in an American city that could kill hundreds of thousands of people .
" Whether or not they can pull it off , " Cheney said , " depends whether or not we keep in place policies that have allowed us to defeat all further attempts . "
Talk about denial .
Americans clearly felt stained by Abu Ghraib and how the Bush administration strained international relations with its definitions of torture , with no conclusive proof that harsh interrogation works .
Americans , 71 percent of whom considered waterboarding to be torture in an April New York Times / CBS poll , wanted many policies to be taken down .
By a 2 - to - 1 margin in that poll , Americans approve of Obama 's handling of terrorism .
By nearly a 3 - to - 1 margin , a CNN poll last month found that Americans felt the actions Obama has taken on terrorism have NOT increased the chances of a terrorist attack .
No matter .
Cheney plows ahead , shoveling more voters into the category of independents or Democrats .
When Senator Arlen Specter , one of the only Republican moderates left on Capitol Hill , along with the likes of Maine 's Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins , switched last month to the Democratic Party , Cheney said in a radio interview , " I think it would be a mistake for us to moderate . . .
The idea that we ought to moderate basically means we ought to fundamentally change our philosophy , and I for one am not prepared to do that . "
On " Face the Nation , " he said he would choose right - wing radio firebrand Rush Limbaugh over moderate Colin Powell as an icon of who a Republican is .
Powell , who begged the Republicans in vain at national conventions to adopt a more humane platform on racial , women's , and class issues , endorsed Obama for president .
Cheney said Powell 's endorsement was an indication of his " loyalty . "
What Cheney does not get is that many Americans felt betrayed by the Republican hard line on many social and economic issues in the last election , handing the Democrats leadership of the White House and the Hill .
Approval ratings for Democrats in Congress are not exactly stellar , currently floating between 43 and 50 percent , but they are abysmal for the Republicans , drifting between 36 and 14 percent .
A month before Obama 's election , only 7 percent of Americans felt the country was headed in the right direction in a CBS poll .
That has risen steadily to 45 percent this month .
Cheney , who thinks the party of Lincoln should now become the party of Limbaugh , says he sees only a " semantic problem " with the Republicans .
Americans saw right through this in November and continue to see through it .
They see a seismic problem .
Derrick Z. Jackson can be reached at jackson@globe.com .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
The new ' Star Trek ' movie debuts on Friday , but while you 're waiting for the film that promises to relaunch the franchise , take a look at our picks for the most ridiculous moments in the history of ' Star Trek ' comic books , put together by Chris Sims of The Invincible Super - Blog .
If Captain Kirk tells you he wants to show you his Little Engineer , he 's probably not referring to what you think .
Probably .
On Vulcan , it is considered highly logical to keep one 's pimp hand strong .
And thus , Star Trek / Gunsmoke fan - fiction was born .
It 's worth noting here that Kirk is the only one who realizes how awesome it is that he 's being flipped off by a giant robot in space .
And that 's why he's the Captain .
If Scotty ever offers to tell you about the time he " thopped the naughty wocks , " he is also probably not referring to what you think .
I do n't care how frightened you think you 've been in the past , you have n't been scared until you 've had to deal with Space Dracula .
Unlike the future of Firefly where Chinese culture dominates , the 23rd Century of Star Trek is highly influenced by Japanese manga .
Before any of you ask , yes , his mutant healing factor does allow him to recover from the Vulcan Nerve Pinch sooner than oh God why do I know this ?!
Top : Kirk & Spock .
Bottom : Hall & Oates .
Think about it , wo n't you ?
And thus , every other piece of Star Trek fan - fiction was born .
You know what ?
Forget the Prime Directive .
Sometimes you just have to send Scotty in to show a street urchin in a jail cell what 's what .
Could Brutal Legend Look Any Better ?
Hrm , do n’t think so .
I mean , first Lemmy , and now this ?
In one day ?
We ’re into it .
Heck , even the movie voice - over guy is into it .
Lawrence Architecture designed this two bedroom home on a 10 acre site near Port Townsend , Washington , for a retired couple who were moving ashore after 30 years of living on a sailboat .
Visit Lawrence Architecture ’s website – here .
Design Team : Thomas V. Lawrence , AIA Willes D. Stauffer
Contractor : Tollefson Builders , Inc. P.O. Box 100 , Chimacum , WA 98325
Photos by : Benjamin Benschneider and Tollefson Builders
Sony 's 9 - year - old PlayStation 2 has actually been selling well for all these years , thanks in part to its huge library of great games .
But thanks to a price drop at the end of March that sent the console down to $ 99 , now the PS2 is even outselling Sony 's newer , better PS3 .
Sony sold 172,000 PS2s in the U.S. in April , according to research firm NPD Group .
That 's a 38 % increase year - over - year .
Meanwhile , it sold just 127,000 PS3s , down 32 % year - over - year .
Even better :
The cheaper PS2 may have also cut into Nintendo Wii sales , which was the whole plan .
Nintendo sold 340,000 Wiis in April , down 52 % year - over - year .
Price elasticity at work !
And exactly why Sony is finally preparing to cut prices on the PS3 .
A group of sightseers on an underwater tour off the coast of Maui received a surprise when a group of humpback whales surrounded the submarine they were in .
The tour by Atlantis Adventures on Maui usually features lots of colorful fish , so to have the whales circling the submarine offered the ultimate adventure .
The whales appeared to be courting a female that stayed near the sub .
The encounter lasted approximately 45 minutes , during which time the sub held its depth , not wanting to risk possible damage from bumping one of the mammals .
Below is a video clip of the close encounter .
The folks on board certainly got the experience of a lifetime , and something worth writing about on postcards .
-- Kelly Burgess
Alright , so by now it ’s pretty clear that I am a hemp fan and in love with organic cotton and those lovely hemp / cotton blends .
Really , though , can you blame me ?
There are so many gorgeous options out there , and just when I think I ’ve discovered them all , someone sends me a page including a fabric blend that I ’d never seen before and prints that knocked my socks off !
Check out these beautiful fabric swatches :
PickNatural ’s limited edition line has some gorgeous prints and all of the stuff you ’d expect from an ecofriendly fabric vendor : organic cotton , hemp , and blends of the two .
They also have some recycled hemp / organic cotton blends !
Alongside the expected though , is this intriguing hemp and silk charmeuse blend !
Have any of you guys used a hemp / charmeuse fabric before ?
Charmeuse is silk with a sort of satiny finish .
I bet that blend is luxurious !
PickNatural is part of a larger import and wholesale company , so they ’re looking like a great resource for you crafty business owners hunting for Earth - friendly fabrics !
I ’m digging their mission statement , too :
Throughout the years , while striving to be a reliable and trustworthy source for fine products at reasonable prices , we firmly believe that we can achieve this goal by consciously choosing natural resources that are good for our environment and selecting labor practices that do not violate human rights .
We are happy to be in a green and clean business , and hope you are too .
Not only do they think about the environment , but they look for fabric suppliers that use fair labor practices !
Like most wholesalers , they do n’t list any prices on the site , but you can request a price sheet .
If you ’re looking to order from them , check out their ordering details here .
Image Credits :
Got Hemp ?
Creative Commons photo by The Truth About …
Fabric Swatches via PickNatural
by Miguel de Icaza
After a loving incubation period , the Moonlight 2.0 preview , an open source implementation of Microsoft 's Silverlight for Linux has been released :
This is really the release I have been looking for since Microsoft first introduced Silverlight 1.1 and ever since our 21 - day hack - a- thon to bring Silverlight to Linux .
This is the ECMA VM running inside the browser and powering C# and any other CIL - compatible languages like Ruby , Python and Boo .
You can use Moonlight / Silverlight as a GUI ( this is what most folks do ) or you can use it as the engine to power your Python / Ruby scripting in the browser .
Installing Moonlight 1.9
Go to our preview page , select the platform and hit the download icon .
That will download and install the plugin in your Firefox installation .
You can then restart the browser , and you should see this :
Then you can try out some of the test web sites we have been working on .
This is CNN's The Moment that uses Silverlight / Photosynth :
If instead of binaries you want to build Moonlight in the comfort of your own living room while sipping margaritas , fetch the source code for mono , mcs , mono - basic and moon from the branch and build them in this order : mono , mono - basic and moon .
While one hand holds your margarita , use the other one to follow the instructions on how to compile Mono from SVN .
Some Notes on this Release
Now some qualifications to this release :
This is a preview release .
By this we mean that we are not yet feature complete with Silverlight 2.0 feature - to - feature but we are relatively close .
For example , we do not yet pass the entire Silverlight GUI 2.0 test suite that was provided to us by Microsoft and you can spot glitches in various web sites .
Security Sandbox :
One of the reasons we delayed the first preview of Moonlight for public consumption was that we did not want to release Moonlight without the security sandbox .
In the pre-Moonlight days there was no reason for Mono to implement a security sandbox , so we never had it .
With Moonlight a security sandbox is mandatory so we implemented it .
Moonlight 2.0 ships with the new CoreCLR Sandbox that was introduced in Silverlight 2.0 .
This security system is very easy to understand , it is pretty straightforward and is a lot easier to secure and audit than something like CAS .
I will blog about the security stack in another post .
But even if we now have a security sandbox , we have not completed the security audit .
Weekly Releases :
Our current plan is to update the plugin once a week during this preview / alpha period hoping that we can get good bug reports and to ensure that we work in as many Linux distributions as possible .
Debug Builds :
During the preview / alpha cycle we are shipping our code with debugging symbols hoping that this will improve the quality of the bug reports that we receive .
This means that the plugin size instead of being 3.9 megs is 8.8 megs on average .
This will change when we do the final release .
The Cool Toys
There are a number of cool toys on this release , the foundation for many things to come .
Here are some :
Silverlight Unix SDK : If you install Mono 2.4 and Moonlight SDK ( not the browser plugin , but the - devel package ) you can now develop Silverlight applications entirely in Unix .
In fact when you install Eclipse4SL ( a Microsoft sponsored project ) you need Mono 2.4 to build Silverlight apps .
With the Moonlight SDK you can skip an entire step by having the SDK assemblies present at installation time .
I will do another blog on how to build Silverlight apps from the ground up on Unix using the Moonlight SDK .
Microsoft MS - PL
Controls : Instead of reimplementing the high - level controls ( buttons , Checkboxes , listboxes , containers , calendars , datepickers , sliders ) or the very advanced controls ( like a full database bound datagrid ) Moonlight reuses Microsoft 's open sourced Silverlight controls .
Iron * Languages :
In addition to C# you can run code written in a variety of programming languages that target the ECMA CLI .
In particular dynamic languages .
IronRuby and IronPython are open source implementations of Ruby and Python done by Microsoft that can be used in Silverlight but you can also use a variety of other languages in the browser like Visual Basic or PHP ( Phalanger ) .
Visual Basic Runtime :
This is just a plug for the work that Mainsoft did a few years ago .
One of the things that Silverlight ships with is a Visual Basic class library for all the VB helper functions .
Mainsoft contributed a few years ago a VB runtime written entirely in VB
We ship a " tuned " version of their assemblies as part of the Moonlight release .
Adaptive Streaming :
This also deserves a blog entry of its own .
In addition to the support for HTTP - Streaming ( to support seeking and stream quality selection ) Silverlight allows developers to create their own transports to fetch media and not be limited by HTTP .
For instance , a developer could write a transport that fetches different bits of the media from different servers .
Or use bittorrent to fetch the media instead of depending on a single server .
More in an upcoming blog entry .
DeepZoom : with all of the bells and whistles that you expect .
Hard Rock Memorabilia on Moonlight / Linux .
Silverlight 3.0 APIs : As we were implementing the 2.0 APIs a handful of features from 3.0 fit naturally into our design .
So instead of going the extra mile to limit things in 2.0 , we just expose the 3.0 APIs in a forward - compatible fashion .
This Moonlight preview includes a few 3.0 features :
Out - of - browser support ( although this is currently a manual process , not yet automated , and without a GUI ) .
Writable Bitmap class .
3.0 pluggable media pipeline .
SaveDialog support .
There are more details see Chris Toshok 's blog entry .
The pluggable media framework is very exciting to us , because it means that developers can author their own codecs without waiting for Silverlight or Moonlight to add support for it .
We have developed a handful of open source codecs for Dirac , Vorbis and ADPCM that can be used with Silverlight 3 / Moonlight Preview based on existing C# and Java implementations .
Hopefully someone will help us fill in the blanks with more codecs ( like Theora ) .
For up - to - date news check out our README file .
In the words of Paris Jobs , this release is nothing short of hawt .
Moonlight Twitteristas
If you want to follow the progress of various Moonlight activities on Twitter , you can follow these folks :
moonproject : the twitter account for project news .
kumpera : in charge of the Mono metadata and IL verifier and creator of Mono .
SIMD .
spouliot : Mono 's security and cryptography Czar and graphics hacker .
lewing : Moonlight core hacker , in charge of Moonlight 's layout and performance and also the creator of the Linux logo and co-developer of F - Spot .
toshok : Moonlight team leader and maintainer of the core of Moonlight .
ex -Winforms team lead .
jbevain :
In charge of the Silverlight 2.1 API , Mono 's Linker and Cecil .
kangamono : Codec hacker , hard - problem solver , iPhone support , Mono on Mac .
atsushi_eno : XML , LINQ to XML , WCF and pluggable codec author .
sh4na : Recovering winformista , in charge of the new toggle ref implementation and the Moonlight / Javascript bridge .
rolfkvinge : media pipeline , visual basic runtime , vbnc compiler ( Mono's VB compiler written in VB ) .
jstedfast : text layout engine , and ex-Evolution hacker .
jacksonh :
All things XAML , a recovering Winformista / Ilasm -ista .
A must - follow twitterista , considering that even Aimee_b_loved follows him .
rustyhowell : release engineering .
Some of the team members are not twitteristas yet .
Alternatively , if you are not really into twitter , you can always check our aggregated blogs at monologue .
Interesting :
Philippe Golle and Kurt Partridge of PARC have a cute paper on the anonymity of geo-location data .
They analyze data from the U.S. Census and show that for the average person , knowing their approximate home and work locations — to a block level — identifies them uniquely .
Even if we look at the much coarser granularity of a census tract — tracts correspond roughly to ZIP codes ; there are on average 1,500 people per census tract — for the average person , there are only around 20 other people who share the same home and work location .
There ’s more : 5 % of people are uniquely identified by their home and work locations even if it is known only at the census tract level .
One reason for this is that people who live and work in very different areas ( say , different counties ) are much more easily identifiable , as one might expect .
Die Deutsche Kinderhilfe hat sich zu Wort gemeldet und möchte mit einer Unterschriftenaktion die Netzzensur - Pläne der Bundesregierung gegen Kinderpornographie unterstützen .
Die Aktion richtet sich explizit gegen die ePetition , die mittlerweile von 75.000 Mitzeichnern unterstützt wird .
Aufgrund des Namens „ Deutsche Kinderhilfe “ dürfte das jetzt etwas mediale Aufmerksamkeit bringen .
In einer Pressemitteilung ( Oder sowas ähnlichem ) wird manipulativ suggeriert , die ePetitions - Mitzeichnern würden ein Grundrecht auf Verbreitung kinderpornographischer Seiten wollen :
Unterstützen Sie die Kampagne „ Stopp ! Meine Stimme gegen Kinder “ pornographie “ im Internet “ , indem Sie auf der als Anlage beigefügten Liste Unterschriften für die Sperrung kinder “ pornographischer “ Seiten im Netz sammeln .
Es darf kein Grundrecht auf Verbreitung kinder “ pornographischer “ Seiten geben .
Was für Druckwerke und Zeitungen gilt , muss auch im Internet gelten – denn das Internet ist kein rechtsfreier Raum !
Jetzt wolle man 100.000 Unterstützer für eine Gegen - Petition finden und Unterschriften u.a. bei Fussballspielen sammeln .
Wenn sowas nicht mal motiviert , weiter gegen die Zensursula - Pläne kreativ zu werden .
Die Unterschriftenaktion selber ist eher ein Witz : Unterschreiben kann man für den Satz „ Ja , ich stimme für das Gesetz gegen Kinderpornographie im Internet ab “ .
Mehr steht da nicht .
Mir ist nur etwas unklar , was das für eine Organisation ist .
Der Wikipedia - Artikel ist eher negativ .
Demnach hat der Deutsche Spendenrat ( DSR ) die Deutsche Kinderhilfe im Juni 2008 aus seiner Mitte ausgeschlossen und die WELT berichtete letztes Jahr über komische Spendenaktionen : Geschäfte unter dem Mantel der guten Taten ?
Noch interessanter ist Teil 3 der WELT - Recherchen : Unterstützung von Ulla Schmidt und vielen Promis .
Dort wird berichtet , dass der Vorsitzende auch schonmal vor dem CDU - Bundesvorstand direkt referiert hat .
Update : Zur Einordnung , was das für eine Organisation ist , die ja mit dem „ Kinder “ im Namen erstmal hochseriös klingt .
Hab eben die Vermutung erfahren , dass bestimmte konservative Kräfte rund um das Familienministerium die Deutsche Kinderhilfe als Gegenstück zum mächtigen Deutschen Kinderschutzbund aufbauen und nutzen wollen könnten .
Die WELT hat schon einiges berichtet , es scheint da aber noch mehr zu geben , was man ohne Rechtsabteilung aber nicht veröffentlichen sollte .
Recherchieren scheint sich aber zu lohnen .
One thing I read a lot , is the assertion that atheists are just as religious as the religious , but their faith is in science , not God .
This also takes the form of “ I do n’t have enough faith to be an atheist ” and “ Atheists believe nothing created everything ” as well as other neat little roadside placards which at first seem rather more intellectually considered than further scrutiny would reveal .
Twitter user @my_level observed : “ EVERY belief system has some supporting text .
Theists=religions w/ deities , atheists=religions w/o deities , agnostic=beliefs based in logic & reason .
Agnosticism says that due to lack of evidence some features of our systems ca n’t be disproved hence it ca n’t be dismissed . ”
If you want to play semantics with words like belief and faith you can show that many atheists arrived at an irreligious world - view , through reason and logic and that , therefore , the supporting text @my_level references would be books like ‘ On the origin of species ’ .
Of course there is also the work of Steven Pinker , who shows that there is a link between physical and therefore subjective brain activity and the belief that religious experiences come from outside of the mind and are not subject to personal influences and experiences as , in fact , he has proven they are .
If this is a kind of ‘ faith ’ that atheists have in everyone from Darwin to Pinker , then so be it .
But I do n’t think faith in the methodological process of scientific enquiry can be equated to the same kind of faith Christians place in a book plagiarised from Egyptian folklore and Pagan astrology .
I think these are two very different kinds of demands upon our trust .
One claims authority through an assertion that without faith you are offering your physical self and your spiritual soul up for a whole slew of moral , social and psychological pronouncements , based upon the diktat of scriptural literalism .
The other asserts its authority based upon mutually supportive , but nonetheless independently acquired evidence , that descriptions of natural phenomena are as factually accurate as it is possible to be , until a better description of those processes becomes available through repeated observance , hypothesise , testing , and theorised reasoning .
The immediate demand from within certain apologetics , at this point , is that scientific methodology itself is in some way flawed precisely for the reasons given above because the procedural mechanism excludes observations which ca n’t be described by natural means , i.e. , supernatural causation .
I ’ve written extensively on why this is the ultimate appeal to special treatment and to be dismissed for some very sound reasons , but as I ’ve said before , the ability of the believer to believe without a reasonable basis upon which to build their reasons to believe is not in question .
So I disagree that you need the same kind of faith to be a believer in falsifiable evidence as you do to be a Judeo - Christian follower of Yahweh — or indeed any of the proof of concept gods who preceded Him in ancient allegory and oral tradition .
Nor do I garner any useful philosophy from the albeit cleverly self - contained word games with definitions of ‘ belief ’ , which Christian apologists will play to score some moot point on the gaps which do exist in our scientific knowledge at the bleeding edge of neuroscience , cosmology , genetics and every other methodological pursuit of the truth .
Therefore atheism is no more my religion than not being a stamp collector is my hobby .
I am not defined by a concept of that which I reject .
Continuing in the vein of GT 2009 - 05 - 07 : Occupying forces , GT 2009 - 03 - 28 :
It does n’t take much imagination , and GT 2008 - 09 - 25 :
How cops see themselves , see also this all - too - earnest article by Robert O’Brien , in POLICE : The Law Enforcement Magazine ( 2009-05 - 13 ) : National Police Memorial Week : Never Forget , written in honor of Washington , D.C. ’s annual drunken police riot , in which we are informed , along the way , that Law enforcement deaths could easily weaken our profession ’s resolve [ sic ] to protect and serve .
However , the exact opposite is true .
Instead of weakening us , our thin blue line strengthens into a solid steel band of brothers .
We may bend , but we will never break .
I ’m not sure how many solid steel bands of brothers bend without breaking .
However , the important upshot of this purple - blue prose is this :
As Lt. Dave Grossman says , you are society ’s sheepdogs , and you willingly and selflessly protect your flock –with your lives if necessary .
— Robert O’Brien , POLICE : The Law Enforcement Magazine ( 2009-05 - 13 ) : National Police Memorial Week : Never Forget
Cops believe that they are like big dogs corralling a flock of sheep ( for their protection ) .
Guess who ’s the sheep ?
And then what follows :
You are our nation ’s domestic warriors and heroes .
And I thank you for your continuing dedication and service .
— Robert O’Brien , in POLICE : The Law Enforcement Magazine ( 2009-05 - 13 ) : National Police Memorial Week : Never Forget
Meanwhile , in Kicking Up a Stink Over California
Incident ( the incident was a cop kicking a prone man in the head after he had already surrendered , and then high - fiving his buddy - cop after ; hence the cutesy title ) , Dean Scoville is outraged by the outrage , and openly longs for the good old days of you can beat the rap , but you ca n’t beat the ride :
There is one thing the cop is unquestionably guilty of : Working in the wrong era .
There was a time when post pursuit ass - kickings were obligatory .
Cops knew it , suspects knew it , and there are enough old timers on both sides of the fence that will verify the assertion when I say that what this officer did was NOTHING compared to what would have happened in another place and time .
This might account for why back in the day punks thought twice before running .
Nowadays , they ’ll flip off a cop and run for the hell of it with little fear of reprisal ( unless , perhaps , it ’s El Monte PD doin ’ the pursuin ’ ) .
— Dean Scoville , POLICE : The Law Enforcement Magazine ( 2009-05 - 15 ) : Kicking Up a Stink Over California Incident
Scoville is disgusted by simplistic arguments that all life –however vile , wicked , or inconsequential it might actually be–is valuable .
He believes that it ’s impractical for them to be expected not to inflict extrajudicial punitive rage - beat - downs on Suspect Individuals :
… I am forced to ask if we ’re being practical .
Perhaps matters of practicality should n’t even be considered in a profession that embraces terms like war on drugs , war on organized crime , and war on gangs , but is not allowed the means to fight them as such .
These are our domestic Vietnams .
They are wars we could win , if only we could really fight them .
— Dean Scoville , POLICE : The Law Enforcement Magazine ( 2009-05 - 15 ) : Kicking Up a Stink Over California Incident
Cops believe that they are domestic warriors , a class separate from mere civilians like you and your neighbors .
They are fighting a battle in your hometown ’s streets , as part of an ongoing occupation of hostile territory .
They believe that they are in the midst of several Wars , wars which are like the United States government ’s occupation and counter - insurgency campaign against South Vietnam , and that they need to be freed from restraints on the tactics that they can use in order to really fight like a military force engaged in total war .
( Complete , no doubt , with the usual free - fire zones and strategic hamlets . )
Who gives a damn about Posse Comitatus , or about whether or not the Army patrols American cities , when the local police forces already patrolling them are already indistinguishable from an the Army in self - conception , attitude , tactics , arsenal , personnel , and just about everything else except the cut of the uniform ?
Tags
[ Robert Nathan 's piece below has direct bearing on the raging debate of the effects of " intellectual property " ( IP ) law , such as patent and copyright .
An underlying presumption of IP is the notion that innovation takes place in the form individual bursts of creative genius , such as we see in movies or filiopietistic treatments of Alexander Graham Bell and the like .
Innovation is seen as singular , completely new , wholly functioning , and obviously marketable .
Real life , however , offers a different picture of innovation as a trial - and - error process of competitive imitation , a gradual , hit - and - miss continuum of on - going discovery , with many people at all stages of production drawing deeply on existing knowledge and contributing technological and marketing improvements within the ever - present framework of the economic restraints .
Mr. Nathan 's essay presents a realistic portrait of the creative process , and it is a world that makes the legislative constraints of IP looks ridiculously simplistic by comparison .
– Editor ]
I was a student of architecture in the early 1970s , at a time when there was an emphasis on the art more than the science of the discipline .
What I came to realize from that experience is this : there are many ideas .
For every idea that seems to be the best solution to a given problem , there are an infinite number of other possibilities that will provide an even better solution .
In other words , solutions were just a snapshot in time on the route to discovery .
Perception , conception , expression : that 's the basic path of the creative process .
In those days , most of us would wait until the night before a project was due to prepare for it 's presentation .
That is because the perception phase was ongoing .
We were continuing to gather information about the problem until the last minute .
What one discovers in the arts is that the creative process tends to be cyclical .
Once we express a solution , feedback occurs and the process restarts .
New ideas get born , spun off , shot down , ad infinitum .
The artist , whose art appears to evolve from a source that is deep in the soul , may consider it somewhat heretical to describe the creative act in analytical terms .
But even the artist must utilize a great degree of discipline in the execution of his work .
The musician must practice hour upon hour before he may improvise without inhibition .
The painter must paint canvas after canvas before he can free himself to express with spontaneity .
The freedom that results from these efforts has no bounds .
The scientist , on the other hand , embraces the purely analytical scientific method of problem solving .
He is chained , in a way , to a linear form of thinking .
Western culture has become trapped in this Cartesian world , and our economies and political systems manifest this one - sided way of thinking .
One wonders where we would be today had Leonardo da Vinci 's work been published immediately after his death .
I prefer the definitions of the word " create " that Webster uses .
Webster , being the God-respecting patriot that he was , included a definition that implies divine origin ( most dictionaries make no faith - based reference , but I 'm not one to be as politically correct as these publishers are trying to be ) .
On Christmas day in 1991 I was in Kuwait , and my mother sent me a " book on the history of the Middle East , " as she called it .
I 've discovered that there is a great deal of information in this book on the matter of creativity , and I 've used it as one source for my concepts on this subject .
There were a lot of creative doings in this area of the world during the dawn of civilization .
That 's what sets the poet free . "
– Guy Clark from Cold Dog Soup
" There ai n't no money in poetry .
That 's what sets the poet free . "
One cannot forget to mention Arthur Koestler , who wrote the tome The Act of Creation .
Koestler coined the term " bisociation , " which deals with the focal point of creativity .
When two concepts with seemingly unrelated properties are brought together in such a way to create a new concept , the process is said to be " bisociative . "
Koestler noted that there is a strong hedonistic response that results , and uses comic inspiration to illustrate the idea of bisociation .
The accumulation of wealth is not the prime motivator for the artisan , and we have all heard of the stereotypical " starving artist . "
Another good book on the creative process was written by William Kirby Lockhard and is called Design Drawing .
Lockhard 's model for the design process can be effectively applied to the creative process .
His topics include things like " MindModel , " STM ( short - term memory ) , LTM ( long - term memory ) , and EM ( external memory ) .
LTM is akin to subconscious memory , while STM is akin to consciousness .
In the earliest edition of Design Drawing , Lockhard divides the design / creative process into five separate phases of mental activity : perception , conception , representation , decision , and persuasion .
In later editions , I understand that he combined the last three concepts into one , but I have n't seen any of these editions .
I still have the edition that I purchased in the early ' 70s .
( My dog chewed it up a few years ago , but it 's still readable .
I have to keep it in an envelope as the binder no longer functions . )
A condensed version of Lockhard 's design process is this :
Perception is the research phase .
Information obtained about the problem is gathered and stored in the LTM and STM .
Conception involves comparing the known facets of the problem with all past experiences .
It 's a filtering process , kind of like what a computer does : items held in RAM ( STM ) are compared with items held in memory on the hard drive ( LTM ) .
The human filtering mechanism is highly specialized ; as almost anything can be matched with the problem at hand .
This is where Koestler 's concept of bisociation comes into play .
Two concepts , having no relation to each other , are brought together in such a manner as to present a possible solution to the problem .
Take for example the invention of the pocket calculator .
Before about 1970 , the two terms " pocket " and " calculator " would have never been used together .
Texas Instruments changed this .
Today , with the invention of PDAs , the pocket calculator seems to be a quaint idea .
The resulting ideas from the conception phase are then externalized in the representation phase .
( I prefer to substitute the word " expression , " as the word " representation " is more appropriate for designers , whereas " expression " applies to almost all artisans . )
The process then restarts , as the ideas are expressed , discussed , modified , and more research ( perception ) is accomplished .
Another valuable reference on the subject of creative problem solving is The Universal Traveler : A Soft - Systems Guide to Creativity , Problem - Solving , and the Process of Reaching Goals , by Don Koberg and Jim Bagnall .
I do n't think that I can overstate the value of this book .
In today 's world , at a time when society looks to the paternal support of the state to meet the needs of the constituents , it is more important than ever that there be a rebirth of the individual .
This thirty - plus - year - old publication is something that everyone can use to confront real - life problems and come up with real - life solutions .
Anyone who feels that they do n't have the creative problem - solving ability will find , in the pages of this book , that the real issue they have is fear .
There are practical applications offered to help in overcoming this fear .
Universal Traveler ( UT ) suggests seven steps in the creative process : acceptance , analysis , definition , ideation , selection , implementation , and evaluation .
These steps can occur as a process either linearly , cyclically , stepped with intermediate feedback loops , or as a branched network .
The model that I prefer to use is phased and has elements of Koestler , Lockhard , and Koberg / Bagnall combined .
I consider perception , conception , and expression to be the primary phases of the creative process .
In this model , I include some of UT 's steps , as well as Design Drawing 's steps , as interphased transitions within the ongoing creative thought process .
The creative process involves a free flow of information such that ideas are thrown off almost randomly and with some degree of reckless abandon .
Some are kept , some are tabled , some are discarded , and some are combined with others .
The process can be structured or improvised , planned or spontaneous , consciously executed or subconsciously derived .
The number of ideas that are generated tends to be a function of the amount of information gathered during the perception phase(s ) .
The discovery phase of the creative process begins at birth .
We learn and the environment that is specific to our life influences how we perceive the world .
Physicists use the term " bulk " to describe a hypothetical macro multidimensional universe that is interconnected in ways that we are only beginning to understand .
The collective consciousness of the human experience can be modeled in a similar way .
The " bulk " of human knowledge is similarly connected , and as such , is owned collectively .
( I use this term " collectively " at the risk that some will interpret it to be a socialistic notion .
It might be more correct to say that the bulk of human knowledge is " public domain . " )
Our individual life experiences draw on the human experiential " bulk , " as well as the " EM displays " that are provided by the common domain of nature .
Fritjof Capra , in his recent book on the codices of Leonardo da Vince , poses the question that I touched on earlier : what sort of world would we live in today had the work of Leonardo been published immediately after his death .
Because Leonardo relied as much on art as he did the scientific method , western science would have evolved quite differently .
Our politics would be different .
Our economic system would be different .
We would not be locked in this Cartesian mindset that permeates though the education system .
The butterfly effect would only amplify the differences between that world and the world that we currently live in .
Through " perceptive assimilation , " the creative ideas that emerge from our experiential " bulk " are not necessarily the sum of their components .
Nor can they be evaluated in terms of the differences between their components .
There is cooperation between ( 1 ) the creator who accepts the problem at hand and forces the emergence of the solution , and ( 2 ) the collectively owned human experiential " bulk . "
This suggests , at the very least , that there is a partnership between the artist and the public domain — the owner of the " bulk . "
If this is the case , then the ownership of intellectual property cannot be assigned wholly to the individual .
And because of the relative difference in value between the artist 's contribution and the " bulk " that is drawn on to deliver the contribution , one could further infer that the artist 's ownership position is a minor one .
The relative value to society may or may not increase over time , depending on the contribution .
Further , there is a new field called biocentrics that suggests sentient beings exist for perceptive assimilation of their environment .
Reality is probabilistic without observation .
The phantom probabilistic cloud particles speculated by particle physicists remain undefined without sentient beings to observe their entangled matrix .
Perspective assimilation becomes the key to unlocking the EM database .
All of this gives a whole new meaning to the book of Genesis .
" In His image " becomes quite a profound phrase , as we are literally and intimately entangled in the great opera of being .
I started this article with only a loose understanding of where I was going with it .
As with many projects , I got interrupted with life , one item being a professional accreditation exam .
But during this time I was lucky enough to stumble upon a few things that enabled me to expand on my original thesis of perception , conception , and expression .
One item came from an unlikely source : a Tea Party rally in Clear Lake , Texas where I went to hear the rock star of liberty speak : Dr. Ron Paul .
One of the speakers who took the podium before Dr. Paul was a Cuban immigrant who currently resides in Oregon .
His name escapes me and I would really like to give him credit for this notion .
His talk was on our ( relatively ) free - market system , and how lucky we are to have it , how we take for granted the abundance and the diversity of selections that are available to us when we go to a grocery store or any other market .
What he ended with — the idea that whacked me right on the side of the head — was this : the notion that without liberty , there is no creativity .
Without freedom , there is no reason to endure the pain of discipline that is required for creative problem solving .
Freedom , or liberty , is the natural law that the Founders knew put us in the image of God .
This is the lesson that I have learned .
Hours ago ( Saturday , May 23 ) a woman in her 20’s was raped in a Washington park in front of hundreds of witnesses , and nobody stepped forward to try and stop it from happening .
Michael van Poppel , founder and editor of BreakingNews on Twitter and BNONews.com reported the incident on his Twitter page as details came in :
Wow ….. a woman was raped at a Washington park and hundreds saw it but did nothing ?!?
@glownz I ca n’t imagine someone not trying anything , out of hundreds even ..
I could never just watch something like that happen @maggieglazer Well , I could never just stand there and watch if someone like that happened …
Tried to see if anyone tweeted about the rape , since there were hundreds of people .. but I ca n’t find anything .
RT @nilicule : @mpoppel it ’s called the Bystander Effect , http://bit.ly/JFcxh – and it ’s absolutely horrible “ the greater the number of bystanders , the less likely it is that any one of them will help . ”
For more info on the ‘ Bystander Effect ’ read the info at the link highlighted above .
You think you ’re safer with a crowd of people around ?
Think again .
Continuing on with the twitter stream …
Strange ..
I ’d feel safer if there are a lot of people since I would expect they ’d do something if it went wrong ..
vs. being alone Rapist in Washington was in his 60s and the victim was a young female in her 20s Photo of the rapist , creepy guy : http://bit.ly/hX5zz
Thinking about the rape story .
The KHQ reporter said the initial call was a couple doing X - rated stuff ..
So , maybe it did n’t appear as a rape ?
I mean , I would imagine she would try to resist and call for help but .. maybe it was from a distance @glownz I guess its possible if people witnessed it from a distance .
@ ChristopherKHQ
Do you know what happened ?
Were the witnesses close or far away ?
@glownz I know .. but maybe they could n’t see her face ?
I mean .. you do n’t know what their view was of the entire incident ..
@paige661
I know but maybe people were a distance away and that it appeared like a couple having sex and not as in a rape ..
KHQ - TV says the initial call was that two people were having sex behind some bushes near a bridge
When security responded , the male was uncooperative and combative and he fought with PD when they responded Only after talking to the witnesses and the female ..
they did not believe it was consensual ..
hmmm @chiefpopeye1979
He was a panhandler .
Looks like he did n’t have anything to loose .
( Note : the above stream from twitter was edited to place comments in chronological order for clarity . )
Chilling .
Michael is a journalist who monitors hundreds of news sources daily and sees incredibly disturbing things on a daily basis , and even he is shocked by the fact that a rape can take place in front of so many people , yet no - one would actually help the victim .
I ’m speechless .
FREE Paragon Rescue Kit 9.0 Express
Don't wait for a disaster to strike – get an instant data and system recovery kit today to ensure your protection !
Rescue Kit professionally fixes boot problems as well as retrieves your data when your system fails to boot .
It even rescues deleted partitions .
All , you need to do to achieve complete control over any situation is burn the software on your CD / DVD !
FREE Paragon Drive Backup 9.0 Express
Backing up your data is like an insurance , you never have to worry if disaster strikes .
Now there ’s no more excuse for lost data – this insurance costs you nothing !
Drive Backup 9.0
Express is simple , easy to use software , which does n't ask you bewildering questions - it just backs up your data when and where you tell it and recovers whenever disaster happens .
Last month we told you the story of Maureen Mullarkey , the New York - based artist who in the 1990s looked to drag queens for inspiration — and also donated cash to support Prop 8 .
In a brief statement she gave to the press when they came calling to ask why she was among just four New Yorkers who donated more than $ 500 to strip gay Californians from their right to marry , she responded , “ Artists are not in the habit of imposing ideological conformity on one another or demanding it from others .
Moreover , regard for individual gay persons does not require assent to a politicized assault on bedrock social reality and the common good . ”
Now that she ’s had time to collect her thoughts , Mullarkey shares her experience of being on the receiving end of everyone calling for her head .
After the San Francisco Chronicle published publicly available data of Prop 8 supporters ( names , home addresses , and cash amounts ) , Mullarkey , writing in The Weekly Standard , says :
Emails started coming .
Heavy with epithets and ad hominems , most in the you - disgust - me vein .
Several accused me , personally , of denying the sender his single chance at happiness after a life of unrelieved oppression and second - class citizenship .
Some were anonymous but a sizable number were signed , an indication of confidence in collective clout that belied howls of victimhood .
New York ’s Gay City
News asked for an interview because I was “ one of only four New Yorkers who contributed more than $ 500 . ”
I ignored the request , trashed the emails , and forgot about them .
But the West Coast bureau chief of the New York Daily News did not forget .
One night in early February , I drove home to find two cars , two men , waiting for me , unannounced , in the dark .
Reporters for the Daily News , they were publishing a story on me and Prop 8 the next day and wanted a live quotation .
Serious interviews are arranged ahead of time .
Besides , I had filed enough newspaper pieces on deadline to know that copy is well into the can at 7 P.M .
This was intimidation , not fact - gathering .
Where is the story , I asked , if I have not said anything ?
The response was : “ We have documents . ” Sound familiar ?
For half a second , I thought of saying that Prop 8 left intact all the legal advantages of civil union .
It took nothing away .
But I was too surprised by having been singled out .
After a few heated words–none of them equal to what , in hindsight , I wish I had said –I went into the house .
Next day , I discovered in the Daily News that I am known as a painter of gays and lesbians ; gay activists felt betrayed by my contribution .
It was a sparse article .
The only accurate quotation to appear was a sentence cribbed from my own website , which seems to be the “ document ” from which the story was spun .
( The sentence , from an old interview about a gallery show of my paintings , referred to New York ’s gay pride parade as “ an erotic celebration loosed for a day to keep us all mindful that Dionysus is alive , powerful and under our own porch . ” )
Compensating for the interview that never took place , the reporter constructed an exchange over the question he obviously wanted to ask but never got the chance .
The article reads :
When asked how she could have donated money to fight gay marriage after making money from her depictions of gays , she just said , “ So ? ” Set aside the non sequitur .
The question was an undisguised indictment that triggered a barrage of virulent mail and threats of blacklisting .
Suddenly , I was “ a vampire on the gay community ” who should be put out of business .
As one note put it : “ Your career is over , you nasty piece of s– .
F– off !
WHORE ! ”
And where did Mullarkey feel that left her ?
I was up there now with Halliburton and Big Oil , a class enemy .
The brownshirts came out in force .
Within 24 hours , the “ story ” spread from one gay website to another , even to Vancouver ( “ Typical greedy American bigot ” ) , France , and Belgium .
My home address and email were repeated in comment sections in which readers egged each other on to “ make the bitch pay . ”
Militants trawled for editors and gallerists I had worked with to warn them that “ the Gay Community is looking at our adversaries and those who may support them . ”
( One former editor blind - copied me his exchange with an aspiring storm trooper who threatened a boycott for those “ having an association ” with me . )
An artist whose livelihood and right to create is secured by the First Amendment , Mullarkey then has this to say about others who exercise their same rights :
It is one thing to read hate - filled mail on a computer screen .
It is something else to have it in hand .
At the end of the week , when it started coming to my house , I filed a police report .
Until now , donating to a cause did not open private citizens to a battery of invective and jackboot tactics .
While celebrities sport their moral vanity with white ribbons , thousands of ordinary Americans who donated to Prop 8 are being targeted in a vile campaign of intimidation for having supported a measure that , in essence , ratified the crucial relation between marriage and childbearing .
Some in California have lost their jobs over it ; others worry about an unhinged stranger showing up at the door .
Who was it who predicted that if fascism ever came to the United States , it would come in the guise of liberal egalitarianism ?
And when history is written , people like Mullarkey will no longer be understood to be “ private citizens ” who are simply “ ratif[ying ] the crucial relation between marriage and childbearing , ” but perpetrators of hate who do n’t believe all of mankind is truly created equal .
On the next page , read what some wrote to Mullarkey ( perhaps one of the comments is your own ? ) :
How cool is this ?
Artist Liz Hickock must have been a big Bill Cosby fan back in the day because she uses a whole lot of jigglin ' Jell - O to create stunning models of historical landmarks of San Francisco .
“ I create glowing , jellied scale models of urban sites , transforming ordinary physical surroundings into something unexpected and ephemeral .
Lit from below , the molded shapes of the city blur into a jewel - like mosaic of luminous color and volume .
The gelatinous material also evokes uncanny parallels with the geological uncertainties of San Francisco 's landscape .
While the translucent beauty of the compositions first seduces the viewer , their fragility quickly becomes a metaphor for the transitory nature of human artifacts .
I have always been interested in architectural scale models of cities , and how photography can play with the viewer 's sense of scale , blurring differences between the real city and the constructed one .
Once I began building my own model cities out of Jell - O I found that the jiggly , iconic childhood dessert is not only perishable , but also uncontrollable .
Each time I take a picture of one of my cityscapes any building may begin to sweat or even liquefy , taking on a new persona . ”
Great job Liz !
View from Alcatraz
Bay Bridge
Twin Peaks
The City
City Square
Palace of Fine Arts
San Francisco
Ferry Building
The artist Liz Hickock 's website
This new Gallup poll is obviously great news for the Republican Party :
The decline in Republican Party affiliation among Americans in recent years is well documented , but a Gallup analysis now shows that this movement away from the GOP has occurred among nearly every major demographic subgroup .
Since the first year of George W. Bush ’s presidency in 2001 , the Republican Party has maintained its support only among frequent churchgoers , with conservatives and senior citizens showing minimal decline .
John Cole opines :
First , if the Obama administration is a disaster , the Republicans will quickly rebound .
Hell , if in eight years , Obama ’s team turns out to have been useless and worthless as the Bush administration , I will have no problem sticking a shiv in them and the Democratic party .
If you thought otherwise , you have n’t been paying attention .
I ’ll never be a Republican again , though .
Second , what will be the most fun about the next couple of days is watching Republicans try to deny or ignore these findings .
Everything is fine !
We just need to get back to our core principles !
This is nothing a little poem or interpretive dance ca n’t fix !
You betcha !
I especially agree with his second point .
It ’s just a flesh wound !
Update : Larison has more :
How can a baby chimp become smarter than a human child ?
All they need is love , say researchers
Later in life , we 're the ones who have the edge .
But in the first nine months after birth , chimpanzees can be smarter than humans , scientists claim .
Orphaned chimpanzees given special ' mothering ' by humans did better in tests of cognitive ability than the average human baby .
I 'm the smartest : Chimps beat human babies
Chimps are the closest living relatives to humans - we both evolved from a common ape ancestor around five million years ago and share around 94 per cent of DNA .
Professor Kim Bard , of the University of Portsmouth , gave 46 baby chimps the same cognitive tests given to human babies , measuring how they reacted to emotional stimuli such as sound and objects .
She found that chimpanzees who were put on a special course of emotionally - based , loving care from zookeepers were more cognitively advanced than human children of the same age given loving care by their natural parents .
But humans took over after the age of nine months .
The study found chimps given loving care from zookeepers outperformed human children of the same age
Professor Bard also found that the chimps , which were cared for in the Great Ape Nursery at the Yerkes National Primate Research Centre in Atlanta , in the U.S. , were more advanced and happier than other chimps given standard types of care .
She explained : ' Those given responsive care were less easily stressed , less often attached to " comfort blankets ' , had healthier relationships with their caregivers and were less likely to develop stereotypic rocking .'
Professor Bard said it proved that young chimpanzees , like humans , need emotional support as well as physical support to become ' welladjusted ' adults .
Chimpanzees are humans ' closest relatives .
They are native to central and west Africa
And she added that her study acted as a ' stark warning ' that looking after just an infant 's physical needs was likely to result in a child who was maladjusted , unhappy and under - achieving .
She said : ' The attachment system of infant chimpanzees appears surprisingly similar to that found in human infants .
' Early experiences , either of warm , responsive care - giving or of extreme deprivation , have a dramatic impact on emotional and cognitive outcomes in both chimpanzees and humans . '
It is not the first research to demonstrate remarkable levels of intelligence in chimpanzees .
One study found they could outperform some university students at remembering lists of numbers .
Chimps make tools to get food and they hunt as sophisticated packs .
They can also learn to understand symbols and show sadness when a relative dies .
They may look like they are just apeing around , but the baby chimps in your local zoo may be more advanced than human children .
Researchers have found that orphaned chimpanzees given special ' mothering ' by humans do better in tests of cognitive ability than the average homo sapiens child - at least until they are nine months old .
Chimps are the closest living relatives to humans - we both evolved from a common ape ancestor around five million years ago - and in most ways humans are much more highly developed .
Before I get my head bitten off again , let 's just clear up one thing .
" The Shoe " was a most fitting farewell to a person who brought so much grief and sadness to Iraq in the name of freedom .
It was hilariously insulting and I am sure George Bush will remember this incident for the rest of his life .
But I say this as Salam the Iraqi citizen and blogger … ask me again what I think of the incident while I have a press pass pinned to my shirt and I 'll probably cringe .
Muntazer al - Zaidi , the Iraqi citizen , might have expressed eloquently with that shoe what many of us felt about Bush and his war , but al - Zaidi the journalist did us all a disservice .
Al - Zaidi told the judges that when he saw president George Bush smiling he " imagined millions of Iraqis killed every moment at Bush 's orders " and his action was a spontaneous outburst of anger , not intended to kill or humiliate the president .
There are many times when the smugness US officials have displayed during press conferences would get me shouting at televisions and radios , so I can understand the anger .
But al - Zeidi , by being there as a journalist , had a much more important duty than hurl abuse and shoes .
He was there , while many others were not , to ask the questions we needed answered .
Instead of hurling a shoe in the name of those widows and children he should have asked president Bush how he feels about having tens of thousands killed and millions displaced as a direct result of his actions .
To this day I want Bush to say " sorry " , just once for all the grief he caused and that final press conference was the chance for Iraqi journalists to see if George Bush has anything to say to us Iraqis through our own journalists .
Highly unlikely , I know , but I would have wanted to try .
I still believe that a well - aimed pen , while it might not make such a striking TV image , is mightier than a shoe that missed .
There is a lot in Iraq that needs to be built up from scratch .
And one institution we 're still working on , and need very much to keep this stuttering experiment in democracy going , is a free , independent and respected press .
While we , and the rest of the world , got a cheer and a laugh out of that shoe , I believe it did n't do much good to Iraqi journalists and journalism .
The shoe was an insult to the Iraqi state as much as to president Bush but the sentence of three years ' imprisonment does seem too harsh .
OK , so no one wants press conferences in Iraq to turn into shoe - throwing competitions every time passions flare , but Mr Maliki : have you seen how some Iraqi journalists are treated by your government 's police and military ?
Why not let this one go with a rap on the wrist and give this thing a fresh start ?
And while you 're at it , could you also clear the rumours about Iraqi journalists having to wear soft , light shoes at press conferences ?
This post is part of Mashable ’s Social Media Hub Series , which shines the spotlight on local social media communities , companies and personalities .
The series is supported by Virgin America .
As one of America 's oldest cities , Boston is rich with history and cultural importance , and the same holds true for the city 's social media significance .
Many of the founding fathers and ground - breaking women of social media have their roots in Boston .
This means that a good deal of popular catch phrases and ideas we share on Twitter , dissect in our blog posts , and expound upon at conferences , can be tied back to this savvy bunch .
As with any major city where social media takes a hold , Boston has become ripe with community - driven events for academics , podcasters , early stage startups , and media makers .
Since Boston ’s so imbued with the spirit of social activity , we could n’t possibly mention every prominent person , event , or company , but you can use our guide as a starting point to familiarize yourself with the lay of the land .
Social media for higher learning
Danah Boyd : Not just all Twitter talk , Boyd [ @zephora ] approaches social media with her research hat on .
Given that she was an intern at both Google and Yahoo , currently a fellow at Harvard Law School 's Berkman Center for Internet and Society , and a Researcher at Microsoft Research New England , her blog and Twitter feed are excellent resources for higher education in relation to social media .
You can find Dr. Boyd ( she holds a PhD ) speaking at both local and international events ( such as Le Web , as pictured above ) .
Doc Searls :
Every time you or someone you know talks about using the web to join the conversation , you 're paying homage to Searls [ @dsearls ] .
As co-author of The Cluetrain Manifesto ( published in 1999 ) , Searls is credited with the markets are conversations movement , and is a widely respected thought leader and blogger .
Searls is also a senior editor for the Linux Journal and a fellow at Harvard 's Berkman Center .
Josh Bernoff : Co-author of Groundswell , Bernoff [ @jbernoff ] is an analyst and vice president at Forrester who has a penchant for discussing and dissecting the social phenomenon as it pertains to businesses .
Beth Kanter : Highlighted as an innovator in social media by Business Week , Beth Kanter [ @kanter ] is in the business of educating nonprofits on how they can use social media .
She 's also a prolific and widely read blogger , author , popular public speaker , and an expert in using social media for fundraising and cause recognition .
Jonathan Zittrain : A professor of Law at Harvard and co-director at the Berkman Center for Internet and Society , Zittrain [ @zittrain ] , or Prof .
Z , uses social media ( he 's an avid blogger and Twitterer — even while in class ) for professional purposes .
His research and social insight expands upon the legal implications ( ie. TOS , privacy rights ) , as they pertain to end -users , of popular online sites and trends .
He 's also the guy behind the site Herdict , which crowdsources data for real - time information on website accessibility .
Paul Gillin :
The former Computerworld editor in chief and author of the book , The New Influencers , also moonlights as a research fellow for the Society for New Communications Research .
Gillin [ @pgillin ] also keeps busy with speaking engagements at a myriad of enterprise - focused educational conferences and events .
Even more bright Boston minds
Chris Brogan : Mayor of Twitterville , Chris Brogan [ @chrisbrogan ] has managed to build up a dedicated following of blog readers and Twitter friends simply by practicing what he preaches .
As the president of New Marketing Labs and co-founder of Podcamp , Brogan practices social media as a lifestyle .
Since he 's constantly traveling and speaking at events , and he makes it a point to be 100 % approachable both online and off , you can't escape Chris — even if you tried .
Laura Fitton : Boston 's Twitter queen , Laura Fitton , or pistachio as you may know her , is a highly respected social media socialite who 's been working in communications for over 15 years .
As CEO of Pistachio Consulting , her resume includes consulting on social projects for Ford , SAP , and Johnson & Johnson , and she also currently advises both TipJoy and CoTweet .
C.C. Chapman : Podcaster , photographer , and all - around socially aware new media guy , Chapman [ @cc_chapman ] is partner at The Advance Guard , a marketing agency that 's hip to current Web trends and calls companies like HBO and Coca - Cola clients .
Chapman is probably best known for his love of independent music , his acclaimed music - mix podcast , Accident Hash , and the new media podcast , Managing The Gray .
Halley Suitt : Blogging since the early 2000s at Halley 's Comment , Suitt [ @Halley ] is considered a pioneer in the space .
Her social media early adopter status is also coupled with career milestones like appearing on Oprah and being CEO of the startups Top Ten Sources and Stylefeeder .
Best of Beantown community events
Boston Media Makers :
If media making is your passion and Boston just happens to be the city you call home , then you should spend the first Sunday of every month with Steve Garfield [ @stevegarfield ] and the Boston Media Makers .
Definitely come prepared to make media as events typically involve live Twittering , vlogging , and mo-blogging .
PodCamp Boston : Boston is the home of the new media unconference movement known as PodCamp , the brainchild of Christopher Penn [ @cspenn ] and Chris Brogan .
Boston 's PodCamp currently has three incredibly successful events under its belt , with a fourth in the works , and has inspired other cities across the world to start PodCamps of their own .
PodCamp Boston 3 not only served to highlight , inspire , and inform hundreds of new media mavens , but also worked to raise $ 1,000 in cash for the Greater Boston Food Bank .
Social Media for Social Change : Social media can be more than just status updates and blog posts , that 's why Gradon Tripp [ @gradontripp ] started the Social Media for Social Change group [ @sm4sc ] with the purpose of motivating New Englanders to change the world together .
Last October 's inaugural event raised over $ 20,000 for Jane Doe Inc. , a nonprofit that hopes to end domestic violence .
Social Media Club Boston : The Boston branch of Social Media Club is run by Tod Van Hoosear [ @vanhoosear ] and typically brings together 50 - 150 professionals for informative presentations , panels , and discussions .
The March event took place at MIT and included a panel of legislators and reporters who participated in a discussion on social media in government .
Social Media Breakfast Boston : Host of eleven successful Boston breakfasts and counting , this chapter of the Social Media Breakfast group recently attracted a bevy of Boston - bred thought leaders ( eg. Beth Kanter ) for action - oriented discussions on social change , which included a community food drive for The Greater Boston Food Bank .
The Web Innovators Group ( WebInno ) : This Boston - based group is focused on bringing together entrepreneurs , visionaries , and creative thinkers to support each other in their quest to turn startups into viable businesses .
Events typically occur every few months , are free and open to the public , and usually involve early stage startup demos .
The next WebInno , number 22 , takes place on July 15 , 2009 , and interested parties can register here .
Boston - baked social media savvy companies
Hubspot [ @HubSpot ] , the socially savvy provider of an Internet marketing suite of products , not only calls Boston home but proudly sponsors and attends local social media events .
Mzinga [ @mzinga ] is another Boston - based company doing big things in social media .
They 're not just a provider of white label social networks , but avid creators of great video and blog content , and participate in the greater Boston community ( they were a PodCamp Boston 3 sponsor ) .
On the educational side of things , Harvard 's Berkman Center for Internet and Society is a research center that promotes a better understanding of the Web , and host of a number of prominent events for academia and social media alike .
Other wicked awesome companies staking their claim include SHIFT Communications — they 're making waves with social media and PR ; MITX , the industry association for marketing and media professionals ; web analytics resource Compete ; market research firm Forrester ; and job site Monster.com .
Special thanks to : Maria Thurrell , Chris Brogan , and Laura Fitton for their instrumental help in identifying some of the names and events included in this post .
Series supported by Virgin America
Virgin America :
It ’s time to make flying good again .
It ’s time to bring great service back to the skies .
And while we ’re at it , let ’s not forget style , entertainment , and relaxation - all for an astonishingly reasonable fare .
So every time one of our planes takes to the sky , it ’s proof that there is a better way , that people can expect more from flying , and their happiness is worth fighting for .
We believe this is how air travel should be , that this is how to fly .
Virgin America .
See also : Social Media Hub : Los Angeles
This artist 's concept shows the smallest star known to host a planet .
The planet , VB 10b , orbits its star ( VB10 ) about every 9 months at a distance of 50 million kilometers ( 30 million miles ) .
AJupiter - like planet has been discovered orbiting one of the smallest starsknown , suggesting that planets could be more common than previously thought .
This exoplanetfinding is the first discovery for a long - proposed tool for huntingplanets , called astrometry .
" Thisis an exciting discovery because it shows that planets can be found aroundextremely lightweight stars , " said Wesley Traub , the chief scientist forNASA 's Exoplanet Exploration Program at Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif .
" This is a hint that nature likes to form planets , even around starsvery different from the sun . "
Long-awaitedsuccess
Astrometry wasfirst attempted 50 years ago to search for planets outside our solar system , butthe method requires very precise measurements over long periods of time , anduntil now , has failed to turn up any exoplanets .
Thetechnique involves measuring the precise motions of a star on the sky as an unseen planet tugs the starback and forth .
A team oftwo astronomers from JPL has , for the past 12 years , been mounting anastrometry instrument to a telescope at the Palomar Observatory near San Diego .
After careful , intermittent observations of 30 stars , the team has identified anew exoplanet around one of them .
" Thismethod is optimal for finding solar - system configurations like ours that mightharbor other Earths , " said team member Steven Pravdo of JPL .
" Wefound a Jupiter - like planet at around the same relative place as our Jupiter , only around a much smaller star .
It 's possible this star also has inner rockyplanets .
And since more than seven out of 10 stars are small like this one , this could mean planets are more common than we thought . "
Thediscovery will be detailed in the Astrophysical Journal .
Thenewfound exoplanet , called VB 10b , is about 20 light - years away in theconstellation Aquila ( a light - year is the distance that light travels in ayear , about 6 trillion miles or 10 trillion kilometers ) .
It is a gas giant , with a mass six times that of Jupiter , and an orbit far enough away from itsstar to be labeled a " cold Jupiter " similar to our own .
In reality , though , the planet 's own internal heat would give it an Earth - like temperature .
Theplanet 's star , called VB 10 , is tiny .
It is what 's known as an M - dwarf and isonly one - twelfth the mass of our sun , just barely big enough to fuse atoms atits core and shine with starlight .
Minisolar system
For years , VB 10 was the smallest star known ?
now it has a new title : the smallest starknown to host a planet .
In fact , though the star is more massive than thenewfound planet , the two bodies would have a similar girth .
Because thestar is so small , its planetary system would be a miniature , scaled - downversion of our own .
Forexample , VB 10b , though considered a cold Jupiter , is located about as far fromits star as Mercury is from the sun .
( In contrast , so - called " hotJupiters " orbit so close to their stars that their surfaces arethought to be scorching . )
Any rocky Earth - size planets that might happen to bein the neighborhood would lie even closer in .
" Otherknown exoplanets around larger M - dwarf stars are also similar to our Jupiter , making the stars fertile ground for future Earth searches , " said teammember Stuart Shaklan , also of JPL .
" Astrometry is best suited to findcold Jupiters around all kinds of stars , and thus to find more planetarysystems arranged like our home . "
Tinymovements
Two to sixtimes a year , for the past 12 years , Pravdo and Shaklan have bolted theirStellar Planet Survey instrument onto Palomar 's five - meter Hale telescope tosearch for planets .
Theinstrument , which has a 16 megapixel charge - coupled device , or CCD , can detectvery minute changes in the positions of stars .
The VB 10 b planet , for instance , causes its star to wobble a small fraction of a degree .
Detecting this wobbleis equivalent to measuring the width of a human hair from about 1.8 miles , or threekilometers , away .
Otherground - based planet - hunting techniques in wide use include radial velocity and the transit method .
These methods have discovered more than 300 extrasolarplanets to date .
Likeastrometry , radial velocity detects the wobble of a star , but it measures Doppler shifts in the star 's light caused by motion toward and away from us .
The transitmethod looks for dips in a star 's brightness as orbiting planets pass by andblock the light .
NASA 's space - based Kepler mission , which began searching forplanets on May 12 , will use the transit method to look for Earth - like worldsaround stars similar to the sun .
Cupertino , CA - Apple continues its unbridled censorship of the iPhone app store by rejecting an application that depicts Jesus raping retarded children with Hitler 's penis .
The developer of the application , Happy Funsoft , who had no trouble getting other applications like Maze Master and Bike Race 3000 approved was outraged .
" I 'm not sure what their problem is .
We poured thousands of man-hours into this project , and now at the whim of some uptight stiff at Apple , it all goes down the drain , " said Happy Funsoft president Angel Goodman .
" The arbitrariness of the rejection astounds me . "
In the application , entitled Fun with Children , users must shake the iPhone or iPod Touch to get Jesus to do his thing with Hitler 's penis .
The faster the shaking the faster Jesus moves .
" It 's great fun , " said Goodman .
" I do n't know what Apple 's problem is . "
Bloggers shared the outrage of Goodman .
" It 's a slippery slope that Apple 's sliding down .
First it 's baby shaking apps , and now this .
Pretty soon the app store will be empty , " said Garrett Williams of the Free Speech Now blog .
" Apple does n't have a moral high ground to stand on , I mean they sell High School Musical 3 in the iTunes store already . "
Many fundamentalist Christian organizations were upset with Apple for creating a device that could run an application like that .
Some groups were going so far as to download the application onto jailbroken iPhones so they could burn them in bonfires .
Poorer groups just burned pictures of iPhones they printed out from the Internet .
Related News Nigerian iPhone App Banned from App Store MyPrecious iPhone Virus Keeps Spreading iPhone Hacker Headed to Guantanamo Groups like the KKK were unsure about how to feel about the whole thing .
Grand Wizard David Austin said , " I like Jesus and Hitler , but I 'm uncomfortable with Jesus touching Hitler 's package like that . "
Microsoft said they had no problem offering the application on the upcoming ZunePhone , but said they would require the developer to blur out the faces of the children .
Story Options : Related Share Print
Okay , this one is actually legit , but everything after the jump is n't .
They 're the kind of questions that make you want to bathe with a toaster ( or SPOILER ALERT : poisonous jellyfish ) .
I assume some of them are fake , but I sadly guarantee a good portion are serious .
And , well , * pouring out a little liquor * it 's been real , humanity .
Hit it for a dozen or so of the worst questions ever asked .
HOW IS YAHOO ANSWERS FORMED ? [ kontraband ]
Thanks to Kane , who phrases his answers in the form of questions because JEOPARDY !
is his bitch .
At one point the mob appeared to be charging in the direction of Bury Park , an area of Luton where many of the town 's Asian population live .
10 ) World Highland games
These are the festivals held in Scotland that celebrate Celtic culture .
Events like the Sheaf toss where you throw a bundle of straw , the stone put where you throw a rock , and the caber toss where you throw a tree .
I think landscaping was evented here .
Just a guess , but I think sometime in the 70's human growth hormone was thrown into the mix , and the World Strongest Man competition was invented .
The tree thing is n't too suggestive , is it ?
Reminds me of my summers at camp thumping eagle .
( Hi Mr. Oglethorpe )
9 ) Professional Putt - Putt Tour
The players would probably frown on my calling it putt - putt .
They call it the Professional Putter 's Association .
Kinda like asking a girl if she wants to go for a ride on your hog , and pointing to a moped .
Then again , the site says they 're playing for thousands of dollars , so maybe I should shut the fuck up and start walking toward the windmill .
You think putters ' wives are as hot a golfers ' wives ?
8 ) Surf Lifesaving
Combining the grace and beauty of watersports with the thrill of cardiac arrest .
Two things I can tell about Surf Lifesaving from the entire fifteen minutes of research I 've dedicated to the subject .
It appears to be big in Australia , and you have to be really good - looking to participate .
But was n't it a hottie that drove me to walk into the water in the first place ?
They say 2007 is the year of the surf lifesaver .
If it gets any hotter Ohio can have it 's own team .
7 ) American Cribbage Congress
Looks like Congress , do n't it ?
The American Cribbage Congress takes the meaning of the word athlete , and stretches it so out of context it's own etymological mother would n't recognize it .
Lightning - quick reflexes , Lavish tounament prizes provided by the fine folks at Hickory Farms , gaming halls thick with the smell of Vicks vap - o - rub , and still this is ten times as much action as you 'll find in my apartment on any given weekend .
The final person to peg out gets worldwide recognition and a year 's supply of beta blockers to ensure constant blood flow .
Good luck players !
6 ) Dog Sledding , Dog Racing and Dog Tossing
So here 's how this happened .
I found an image of an Antactic cribbage club ( seriously ) while doing the cribbage research .
That reminded me of dog sledding .
But then I thought , what about dog racing ( a sport I have actually witnessed in person on several occasions ... see previous gambling problem comment ) .
Then just for the fuck of it , I googled " dog tossing " , and found this photo .
So basically , # 5 is all dog- related sporting activities .
And what did we learn in the process ... the Internet is a wondrous and magical thing .
We interrupt this list to pay tribute to the newest obscure sport on the scene , combining tense competition , excessive drinking and the carny 's sense of sports ethics ... BrewSkee - Ball .
5 ) World Footbag Association
Man , hackeysack 's changed since I played .
What 's with the net ?
And where 's the keg ?
Now it 's called the World Footbag Association , and it does n't seem to be affiliated with the Grateful Dead or Bob Marley .
According to the site , there are over 80,000 registered players , and 20 - 30 major tournaments around the world .
But I 'll bet they do n't even have tobacco sponsors .
No one 's got any sense of tradition anymore .
4 ) Rock Paper Scissors League
This is a sport started on a dare ... right ?
The U. S. Association of Rock Paper Scissors .
That 's right , I said U.S. Association ... damn proud .
And of course , the lovely girls of the RPS .
What do you think ?
Which network 's gonna snatch this one up ?
Spike ?
GSN ?
Oxygen ?
You know if it 's big , Oprah 's gonna get a taste ... stay tuned .
3 ) World Adult Kickball Association
Isaac Newton discovered three laws of motion .
1 ) For every action there is an equal and opposite reaction .
2 ) Objects in motion remain in motion unless external force is applied .
And 3 ) If the object in motion is a kickball , and you are the external force kicking it , the amount of sex enjoyed by the external force will diminish in proportion to the amount of games played ... it 's science , look it up .
This is a sport begging for Johnny Walker or Baccardi to take it to another level , but I definitely do n't see the x - games calling .
Look at him ladies ... like a gazelle .
2 ) Unicycle Hockey World Championships
I think there 's also a mime 's bowling tour , but I need to do some more research .
I should n't judge .
What else are you gonna do with your unicycle that does n't involve getting beaten up ?
And they 've definitely got the balance thing down .
Good for quick exits when you tell people you 're in a unicycle hockey league and you need to chase after your self - esteem .
This would 've been # 1 until I found out about ...
1 ) The Extreme Ironing World Championships
For those times when she orders you to get the ironing done , but if you stay in the house any longer you may take a bath with the toaster ... welcome to Extreme Ironing .
You see what marriage does to perfectly normal guys ?
There are like , ALOT of sites dedicated to this , um sport .
It 's got a wikipedia page .
It 's got it 's own bureau ( to put the ironed shirts in , no doubt )
According to the official website , it 's the latest danger sport that combines the thrills of an extreme outdoor activity with the satisfaction of a well pressed shirt ... and the world is officially out of things to do .
There you have it .
Extreme Ironing ... the most obscure sport in the world .
And if the extreme home makeover thing does n't pan out for ABC , look for it as a lead - in to Desperate Housewives in the fall .
The University Towers ( or UTowers ) is an impressive building .
And not in the best possible way .
For anybody who has walked by , has most probably felt the fury of those hurricane winds .
Its a nightmare and the last thing you want on a chilly January night when you ’re exiting the now empty , NYPD .
Its alleged that Madonna too lived at UTowers .
Photograph Specs : 18 mm , f/7.1 , 1/60sec , ISO - 100
Follow me on twitter !
The old photographic cliche of " f/8 and be there " refers to the notion that the most important part of photography is being in the right place .
Not in terms of the angle you take a photograph from , but more importantly , leaving your office , home or wherever and going out into the world to make pictures .
This can simply be pictures of your street , but it can equally be the other side of the world , and that 's what British photographer Sean Gallagher has done .
My first contact with Sean was a few years ago when , having just returned from a trip to Beijing , he e-mailed in a set of pictures to our yourpics@bbc.co.uk address .
The photographs showed tourists having their pictures taken in front of the famous Mao picture in Tiananmen Square , near the Forbidden City , China .
The series stood out immediately and , just as importantly , he 'd taken the time to explain why he'd shot the pictures .
This was n't just a random set of images thrown together having returned from holiday , this was a well - planned series .
Once we 'd agreed a fee and Sean had expanded his captions , we ran them on the site .
A few months later with the fear of bird flu spreading to the UK , Sean shot a story for us covering the north of England 's biggest poultry and caged bird market in Clitheroe in Lancashire .
Not so glamorous maybe , but again , a well - executed series of images .
Since then , Sean 's work has progressed to new levels .
Recipient of the first Emerging Photographer Fund grant initiated by photographer David Alan Harvey in 2008 and awarded by the Magnum Foundation , Sean has shown how it is possible to find ways to cover stories you are passionate about .
His project entitled The Silent Wave : Desertification in Western China was sparked by an article he'd read in 2007 about increased desertification in the north and west of China .
It 's a story he is continuing to cover , delving deeper into the complexity of the situation , and he is currently on a six - week trip from one side of China to the other , stopping along the way at key points which each represent issues in the wider context of desertification and environmental changes .
The trip has been made possible by a grant from the Pulitzer Centre On Crisis Reporting .
Again , it 's about commitment .
Sean notes that the :
" Application for the Pulitzer Center grant involved writing a detailed project proposal , along with outlined logistical and financial planning .
The proposed project also had to fall in line with the Pulitzer Center 's aims and ethos .
I made my initial application in July 2008 and got the green light in February 2009 . "
To be a photographer you need more than an eye for a good picture .
You need self belief and a deep passion in your subject , not to mention a fair degree of business sense and organisation .
While on his trip , Sean has shot a story for us from the town of Hongsibao , which was built to relocate some 200,000 environmental refugees from the dry mountainous regions of China 's poorest province .
Update , 16:34 , Thursday 18 June :
As a follow up to this , Sean has now competed his trip and you can see his full report , China 's Growing Sands , on his website .
Recently the Executive Director , Dr. Samantha Nutt traveled to Darfur and twittered the whole way there .
Some tweets are amusing , others alarming and even more so are downright scary .
She not only told stories of her surroundings but of the people that she met .
Each of the above connects with you in a different way .
I 've never donated to War Child but now I find myself intrigued .
And that indicates a job well done .
A connection has been made and that is ultimately what social media strives to do .
I had the opportunity to interview Dr. Samantha Nutt about War Child 's use of Twitter as well as her recent trip .
Part
One is listed below :
1 . Why did you choose to Tweet about your experience ?
We wanted to give people a more direct connection with our programs and the experiences of the people we work with .
It was an experiment , really .
There was no guarantee that the technology would work .
When I touched down in Darfur and checked my blackberry I could n't believe I could still access Twitter .
In fact , the only place it did n't work on the whole trip was Beirut airport on the way home !
Twitter was one way though ­ I could send but I could n't see what response it was getting , which was frustrating .
That 's why we 're doing a Live Chat
next week to give people a chance to have some of their questions answered .
2. Has War Child had success garnering donations from Twitter or do you use it primarily for awareness ?
We have received around $ 8000 in donations through Twitter initiatives since January .
But we do n't use it as a place to ask directly for money .
It is a place to build relationships and through that a network of friends who will act , to some extent , as ambassadors for our work .
Engaging with people on social media platforms - and especially Twitter ­ humanizes the organization .
Guys .
Seriously .
Seriously guys .
—
Everyone : this is it .
The final news post before BUTTERSAFE EXPO 2009 .
The next time this site updates , it will take place in a post - BSX 2009 world , and that is something we will all have to deal with in our own ways .
If you ’re still planning on going to or setting up a BSX at one of the many locations in the world that is not Pinole , California , you had better cross your fingers and run as fast as you can to the forums .
To anyone planning on attending , we look forward to sitting around and eating pizza with you , whether we are physically in your presence or sharing the experience with you in a more global sense .
As Ray mentioned on Tuesday , if you feel like sharing photos of your BSX experience , you can add them to the BSX Flickr pool .
Regardless , whether you have a giant party you want to document and share with everyone or if you just want to enjoy a slice by yourself , we hope the joy of eating pizza reaches each and every one of you this weekend .
But until that time , Josh has carried on the tradition of translating Buttersafe characters into Spore creatures with this awesome video of Skeleton Harvester that he created , so you should check it out while you wait !
- Alex
Latest Teesside headlines straight to your inbox Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Invalid Email
THE truth is out there !
Or at least a group of baffled drivers hope it is following a morning of motoring mystery in Stockton .
Residents on Leam Lane , Bishopsgarth , woke last Wednesday to find their cars ’ electrical systems behaving oddly .
And confused driver Daniel Joyce contacted the Gazette in the hope we would get to the bottom of the problem .
“ It was early in the morning and a lot of people were having problems starting their cars , ” said Daniel , 21 , who drives a Citroen Saxo .
“ The central locking would n’t work on mine so I opened it manually but then the engine would n’t start .
“ I ended up pushing it around the corner and as soon as I got it away from the street it would work . ”
The puzzling problem is believed to have been caused by some form of radio , electric or satellite signal interfering or blocking the signal that some car keys send to the engine .
Each key emits different frequencies , explaining why cars on the street were affected in different ways .
Daniel added : “ It ’s a bit of a strange one but it ’s cost people money for tow trucks and if it ’s going to happen regularly it could be a problem . ”
Other drivers on the street were also affected , including Bernard Dambrosil , whose Land Rover alarm began wailing at about 6 am .
He said : “ I opened the car door and the alarm went off .
Then I could n’t start the car so I had to call a tow van .
It ’s been checked over but there ’s nothing wrong with it . ”
Neighbour Geoff Saysell says his Hyundai Accent was also affected by the puzzling problem .
The 53 - year - old said : “ The central locking on my car would n’t work so I had to open the door manually .
The alarm went off so I had to get under the bonnet and physically disconnect it .
I work at Wilton and when I got there the locking worked fine . ”
And it was n’t just cars which were affected .
Val Nixon had problems when she tried to open up her newsagent ’s .
Val told the Gazette : “ The remote would n’t work for my shutters - they would n’t go up or down .
“ I had to call out an engineer and I ’m expecting a bill of up to about £ 300 .
I did n’t know about the car problems until two days later . ”
Some believe the problem could be connected to a change in satellites at the University Hospital of North Tees .
But NHS
Trust spokeswoman Claire Young denied they were the cause .
She said : “ It sounds like a mystery .
Obviously we need to be careful with these things ourselves because we have a lot of sensitive equipment . ”
Do you know what could have caused the problem ?
If so call us on 01642 234216 or email chris.hole@eveninggazette.co.uk .
ADVERTISEMENT
Reps Paul , Frank introduce bill to legalize industrial hemp Stephen C. Webster
Published : Friday April 3 , 2009
Print This Email This University : In 2007 , hemp products accounted for at least $ 350 million in sales nation - wide
One of the earliest plants domesticated by man may be on the verge of a resurgence in popular production across the United States .
Industrial hemp , a non-drug variety of the cannabis plan , used for centuries for its versatile fibers , is the subject of a new bill filed by Congressmen Ron Paul ( R - TX ) and Barney Frank ( D - MA ) .
They and eight cosponsors , both Republican and Democrat , hope to legalize the plant so American farmers can begin supplying fibers for a wide array of products , with the overreaching goal of opening a new sector in American agriculture .
To view the bill 's status , full text and list of sponsors , or to follow new developments , visit Govtrack.us .
" It is unfortunate that the federal government has stood in the way of American farmers , including many who are struggling to make ends meet , from competing in the global industrial hemp market , " said Representative Ron Paul during his introduction of the bill and in a media advisory issued by advocacy group VoteHemp .
" Indeed , the founders of our nation , some of whom grew hemp , would surely find that federal restrictions on farmers growing a safe and profitable crop on their own land are inconsistent with the constitutional guarantee of a limited , restrained federal government .
Therefore , I urge my colleagues to stand up for American farmers and co-sponsor the Industrial Hemp Farming Act . "
" There is strong support among key national organizations for a change in the federal government 's position on hemp , " the release said .
" The National Association of State Departments of Agriculture ( NASDA ) ' supports revisions to the federal rules and regulations authorizing commercial production of industrial hemp . ' "
The legislation , if passed by the House and Senate , would amend the Controlled Substances act and overturn a portion of the 1937 Marihuana Tax Act which decimated America 's industrial hemp industry by simply lumping the plant in with its high - inducing counterpart , marijuana .
But hemp was n't always illegal following the Marihuana Tax Act .
Just four years later , after Japan bombed Pearl Harbor , the United States government launched a " Grow Hemp for Victory " campaign that aimed to reclaim the precious fibers lost when the Philippines fell under Axis control .
" Approximately 20,000 farmers in the Midwestern states were registered under the federally funded War Hemp Industries Corporation to cultivate over 30,000 acres of cannabis , producing 42,000 tons of fiber and 180 tons of seed annually throughout the war years , " wrote Martin Booth in his 2005 book Cannabis .
" Whereas , in 1940 , cannabis had all but been eradicated so that , amongst other things , children could not be contaminated by it , in 1942 , school children in rural areas were being encouraged to grow it to aid the war effort . "
During that time , the United States government even produced a film encouraging rural corn farmers to grow the plant to help the war effort .
" The THC levels in Industrial Hemp are so low that no one could get high from smoking it .
Moreover , hemp contains a relatively high percentage of another cannabinoid , CBD , that actually blocks the marijuana high .
Hemp , it turns out , is not only not marijuana ; it could be called ' anti- marijuana , ' " wrote David P. West , Ph.D. , for the North American Industrial Hemp Council .
" Feral hemp , or ditchweed , is a remnant of the Industrial Hemp once grown on more than 400,000 acres by US farmers .
It contains extremely low levels of THC , as low as .05 percent , " he continued .
" It has no drug value , but does offer important environmental benefits as a nesting habitat for birds .
About 99 percent of the ' marijuana ' being eradicated by the federal government - at great public expense - is this harmless ditchweed .
Might it be that the drug enforcement agencies want to convince us that ditchweed is hemp in order to protect their large eradication budgets ? "
" As a fiber source , hemp is undergoing rapid growth as a natural fiber in everything from clothing and textiles to automotive composites .
The fiber is also gaining popularity as insulation , " reported Iowa State University 's agricultural marketing resource center
" A conservative estimate of the total retail value of hemp products sold in the United States in 2007 is $ 350 million .
The current annual U.S. market for hemp yarn and fabric is estimated to be in the $ 15 million range .
The Hemp Industries Association estimates that the North American retail market for hemp textiles and fabrics exceeded $ 100 million in 2007 and is growing around 10 percent per year .
The retail health care market , including lotions and oils , is estimated to sell over $ 30 million worth of hemp products in the United States annually . "
" Numerous individual states have expressed interest in and support for industrial hemp as well , " states Paul and Frank 's press release .
" Sixteen states have passed pro-hemp legislation , and eight states ( Hawaii , Kentucky , Maine , Maryland , Montana , North Dakota , Vermont and West Virginia ) have removed barriers to its production or research .
North Dakota has been issuing state licenses to farmers for two years now .
The new bill will remove federal barriers and allow laws in these states regulating the growing and processing of hemp to take effect . "
" With so much discussion lately in the media about drug policy , it is surprising that the tragedy of American hemp farming has n't come up as a ' no - brainer ' for reform , " said Vote Hemp President , Eric Steenstra , in the advisory .
" Hemp is a versatile , environmentally - friendly crop that has not been grown here for over fifty years because of a politicized interpretation of the nation 's drug laws by the Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) .
President Obama should direct the DEA to stop confusing industrial hemp with its genetically distinct cousin , marijuana .
While the new bill in Congress is a welcome step , the hemp industry is hopeful that President Obama 's administration will prioritize hemp 's benefits to farmers .
Jobs would be created overnight , as there are numerous U.S. companies that now have no choice but to import hemp raw materials worth many millions of dollars per year . "
" U.S. companies that manufacture or sell products made with hemp include Dr. Bronner 's Magic Soaps , a California company who manufactures the number - one - selling natural soap , and FlexForm Technologies , an Indiana company whose natural fiber materials are used in over two million cars on the road today , " the release said .
" Hemp food manufacturers , such as French Meadow Bakery , Hempzels , Living Harvest , Nature 's Path and Nutiva , now make their products from Canadian hemp .
Although hemp now grows wild across the U.S. , a vestige of centuries of hemp farming here , the hemp for these products must be imported .
Hemp clothing is made around the world by well - known brands such as Patagonia , Bono 's Edun and Giorgio Armani . "
An original version of this story carried a comment from a press release which incorrectly claimed the National Conference of State Legislatures had passed a pro-hemp resolution .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Israel says all its military activity in the West Bank is determined by security The UN has accused Israel of restricting development of the Bethlehem region in the West Bank .
The UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs ( Ocha ) said just 13 % of land around Bethlehem was open for use by the Palestinian population .
It said the birthplace of Jesus Christ was hemmed in by Israeli settlements and military zones as well as Israel 's West Bank barrier .
An Israeli foreign ministry official said the issue was beyond Ocha 's remit .
Next week , Pope Benedict is due to celebrate Mass in Bethlehem , a Palestinian governorate which is home to 175,000 inhabitants , including many Christians .
Two - thirds of the governorate 's 660 sq km ( 255 sq miles ) has been under Israeli control and about 86,000 Israelis live in settlements and outposts in the governorate , Ocha says .
Israel occupied the West Bank in the 1967 war and its settlement activity is regarded as illegal under international law , although Israel disputes this .
Cut off " Israeli measures have radically reduced the space available to the inhabitants of Bethlehem , compromising the future economic and social development of the governorate , " the Ocha report says .
The report says that in addition to the land put under Israeli control under past interim agreements between Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organisation ( PLO ) , 20 % of the remainder is an Israeli - controlled " nature reserve " .
The UN says Israel 's West Bank barrier cuts Bethlehem off from its hinterland Meanwhile , the West Bank barrier cuts through Bethlehem 's western edges blocking off grazing and agricultural land , the report says .
" As a result , Bethlehem 's potential for residential and industrial expansion and development has been reduced , as well as its access to natural resources , " the report said .
Israel says the barrier is needed to keep out Palestinian attackers , including suicide bombers .
Palestinians call it a land grab since it juts into the West Bank .
Yigal Palmor of the Israeli foreign ministry said he had not seen the report but accused past reports by the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs of containing " distorted information " .
Settlement drive Separately , information released by an Israeli anti-settlement group , Yesh Din , said settlement activity in the West Bank had been accelerating at the fastest rate since 2003 .
It cited more than 20 cases of new Israeli building on occupied territory since January , on both sides of the barrier , including a number of outposts built without Israeli permits .
Former Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon promised the previous US administration that he would evacuate all unauthorised outposts built after March 2001 , but critics say evacuations are carried out intermittently and without rigour .
The international peace plan known as the road map called on Israel to halt all construction in the settlements , although observers say construction has never ceased .
Israel says it is not building new settlements , but claims the right to foster " natural growth " within the confines of existing communities .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
U.S. lacks mechanism to accurately track troops wounded in Iraq
Also see The Missing Wounded .
American Count
D ates and sources of Americans killed in Iraq since 5/1/03 are documented in this file .
Admittedly the file is incomplete , for the Department of Defense does not maintain old records .
All data was compiled from https://www.defense.gov.
If something is amiss in the data collection , please contact Margaret Griffis .
Iraqi Civilian Count
W e maintain a daily count based on news reports .
It is not intended to be complete .
There is no agency that keeps track of accurate numbers of Iraqis killed .
JustForeignPolicy maintained a running estimate based on the Lancet study with the rate of increase derived from the Iraq Body Count .
When that project was ended in 2011 , the count was 1.45 million Iraqi deaths .
Comparing Civilian Casualty Studies
Emmanuel Adebayor may have played his last game for Arsenal as the Togo international , the subject of interest from Milan and Internazionale , has been ruled out of Sunday 's finale against Stoke City with the groin complaint that prevented him playing last weekend at Manchester United .
Arsène Wenger , who received the public backing of the club 's chief executive , Ivan Gazidis , is due to meet Adebayor 's agent , Stéphane Courbis , at the end of the season to discuss the striker 's future after a trying campaign at the Emirates .
The 24 - year - old , so impressive when scoring 30 goals last term , has been hampered by fitness and form problems and , having spoken glowingly of the prospect of a transfer last summer ahead of signing a new £ 80,000 - a- week contract , has been the subject of frustration among a vocal section of Arsenal fans in recent weeks .
Courbis indicated this week that he would seek talks with Wenger " to evaluate the situation " though he was insistent that there had been no fresh contact from either of the Italian suitors .
The Milan president , Silvio Berlusconi , has admitted that he is hopeful of securing the forward this summer and Inter 's coach , Jose Mourinho , is understood to have turned his attentions away from a move for Didier Drogba , his former player at Chelsea , in favour of the younger Adebayor .
The forward had missed the goalless draw at Old Trafford but had been expected to return for Sunday 's visit of Stoke .
However , Wenger expects to select from the same squad as last week with the exception of Samir Nasri and Lukasz Fabianski , whose knee injury may hand Vito Mannone , a 21 - year - old Italian goalkeeper , a first - team debut .
" Vito Mannone might get a call - up , " said Wenger , " but we still have to assess Fabianski .
He is 50 – 50 for the game at the moment .
Nasri has patella tendinitis and is out for the weekend .
Apart from that , everyone from the Manchester United game is OK . "
Wenger expects to make several signings this summer and Adebayor 's departure , while adding to the money at his disposal , would necessitate the purchase of a replacement .
The board appears to recognise as much and significant funds are expected to be made available with Gazidis , in Dubai to launch a new soccer school , stressing yesterday that he would be open to Wenger remaining at the Emirates beyond the duration of his current contract , which stretches to 2011 .
The pair discussed potential transfer targets at the club 's London Colney training ground earlier in the week for the summer , with Gazidis indicating that Wenger retains the board 's support .
" Arsène is staying , " he said .
" We had lunch two days ago and we were both saying how much we were looking forward to next season .
We can't wait for it .
He is clearly staying .
We 've said that , he said that .
He has the full , unequivocal support of our board . "
Wenger 's future had been cast into doubt after Florentino Pérez , who is hoping to be reinstated as Real Madrid 's president in their election this summer , revived his interest in luring the Frenchman to the Bernabéu with the Arsenal manager admitting a role in Spain would be " interesting " .
Those comments were made the morning after a meeting with shareholders where sections of the audience had given Wenger a hard time during a question - and - answer session .
The club 's supporters are planning a show of support for the 59 - year - old on Sunday , with Gazidis saying that " the majority of our fans " are still hugely supportive of Wenger .
" We 've consistently said we would like him to remain involved with the club as long as he has the drive and the ambition to want to do that , " he added .
" It does not surprise me that clubs like Real Madrid would be interested in Arsène Wenger .
He would be the most in - demand manager internationally in the game . "
Arsenal 's left - back Gaël Clichy has said the club would have found it hard if Wenger had left .
" After what the boss has achieved at Arsenal , it will be very difficult to cope without him , " he said .
Meanwhile it was reported last night that Arsenal 's captain , Cesc Fábregas , has been cleared by the Football Association over an alleged spitting incident after the FA Cup tie against Hull City in March .
Fábregas was charged with improper conduct but it appears an FA disciplinary panel has decided he has no case to answer .
The midfielder was accused of spitting at Hull 's assistant manager , Brian Horton , and Hull submitted statements to the governing body .
But Fábregas has consistently protested his innocence .
Two weeks ago , while on a Target excursion , my son Aidan and I spied these cute little seed pots at the front of the store in the $ 1 section .
They included a tiny 2 " plastic pot , a handful of seeds and one of those sponge - like soil discs that expand when you soak them in water .
He picked out a pine tree variety and I grabbed the sunflowers .
When we got home , we excitedly opened the package and started soaking our soil pods , which became an adequate little scoop of soil to put into our respective pots .
Next , we opened the seed packs and lightly sprinkled them atop the soil , then watered it as directed and put it in the kitchen windowsill .
I felt as though I was in kindergarten again .
Like when we stuck toothpicks through an avocado seed , submerge it in water and wait for the roots to grow .
It was so exciting !
For nearly a week , we waited ... and THEN both little pots started sprouting .
I knew that this would happen .
I mean , it 's a seed in soil , that 's what it does , right ?
But Aidan and I were so stoked about each little baby step that our baby plants were making .
Today is our two week mark and this is how far we have come .
Are n't they awesome ?
In another week or so , we might need to transplant them into larger pots .
As long as we keep them alive and thriving , I think I shall update with progress photos .
In the meantime , here is a little information about how seeds become what they become ; and a rad time lapse video of radish seeds germinating and sprouting .
* Time lapse sequence shot using Pentax K110D and Harbortronics DigiSnap 2100 set to take a frame each 14 minutes 24 seconds .
The time lapse spans 9 days .
Two 90 watt compact floresecent lights where used for both the camera shooting light and the grow lights .
The lights were set on a timer for 18 hours on and 6 off ( for the health of the plants ) .
The jump in the video is the 6 hour gap in the darkness .
Amazing how fast the radishes grew .
Music by Roland White - Gaieté Acadienne [ CD - Trying to Get to You ] .
I saw this last night and Paul Begala was in magnificent shape .
Ari Fleischer was just stunned .
Transcript
Home Page
Oops - This Account is offline .
Contact your hosting provider for more information .
We are happy to announce that POP3 technology is now available to Hotmail users in the United Kingdom , Canada , Australia , France , Japan , Spain , Germany , Italy , and the Netherlands .
If you do n’t see your country or region in this list , never fear , we ’ll be rolling POP3 out to more parts of the world later this year .
UPDATE : As of March 12 , 2009 , POP3 access is now available to Hotmail users WORLDWIDE .
What is POP3 ?
It is a protocol that allows almost any e-mail software program that you ’ve installed on your mobile phone or PC * to get messages from your e-mail inbox on the web and deliver them in the designated program .
Although you always could access Hotmail on your web - enabled mobile phone by going to mobile .
live.com , now that Hotmail has POP3 , you can get to it more conveniently using the e-mail software on your PC or mobile device * such as a Windows Mobile phone , iPhone , or BlackBerry .
When you set up Hotmail in the e-mail program on your PC or mobile device , you may be asked for the following information :
POP server : pop3.live.com ( Port 995 )
POP SSL required ?
Yes
User name : Your Windows Live ID , for example yourname@hotmail.com
Password :
The password you usually use to sign in to Hotmail or Windows Live
SMTP server : smtp.live.com ( Port 25 )
Authentication required ?
Yes ( this matches your POP username and password )
TLS / SSL required ?
Yes
In addition to POP3 , Microsoft offers additional technologies that can provide you with an even richer experience of your e-mail .
Try viewing your Hotmail using Windows Live Mail , Microsoft Office Outlook via the Outlook Connector , or Windows Live for Windows Mobile phone .
Looking for help with Hotmail ?
Visit the Windows Live Hotmail Solution Center !
The Solution Center has instructions on how to set up your e-mail software to send and receive Windows Live Hotmail messages using POP3 .
You ’ll also find instructions on how to set up Hotmail on the web to give you POP3 access to a non-Windows Live e-mail account .
If you have problems using POP3 access , Windows Live Hotmail Solution Center also has links to report a problem with Hotmail .
We hope you enjoy the many ways in which you can access your Windows Live Hotmail !
– The Windows Live team
* If supported by your device and e-mail program
The 57 - year - old lawyer in New York had handily completed the New York Times ' Saturday crossword puzzle - the hardest of the week - for years .
But one Saturday morning , suddenly he could n't retrieve the words to fill in the squares .
In Chicago , an 83 - year - old woman began parroting the same phrases over and over .
When her doctor asked her how she was , she replied , " I am fine .
I am fine .
I am fine . "
The symptoms of the New York lawyer and the Chicago woman could have been mistaken for early dementia .
But an MRI brain scan and biopsy revealed something surprising .
It looked like their brains had been eaten away .
A brain biopsy and a spinal tap confirmed the diagnosis of a swiftly moving and often fatal viral brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalitis ( PML ) that attacks the brain 's white matter .
Both had lymphoma and had been taking the popular cancer drug rituximab ( brand name Rituxan ) before they developed the brain infection .
The two patients are part of a new study from the Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine RADAR project , led by Charles Bennett , M.D. , that links rituximab to PML .
Rituximab is the most important and widely used cancer drug for lymphoma .
It is also approved for treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and is widely used off - label to treat multiple sclerosis , lupus erythematosus and autoimmune anemias .
Bennett reports on 57 cases from 1997 to 2008 in which patients with anemia , rheumatoid arthritis or lymphoma developed the fatal brain disease after taking rituximab .
They died an average of two months after being diagnosed .
The study was published in the May 14 issue of the journal Blood .
" Rituximab is one of the most prominent drugs in a new class called monoclonal antibodies .
It 's now the third monoclonal antibody that is associated with PML , " said Bennett , the A.C. Buehler Professor in Economics and Aging at Northwestern 's Feinberg School and a hematologist and oncologist at the Jesse Brown VA Medical Center in Chicago .
One of the other two drugs , Raptiva , was taken off the market in April of this year because of the PML risk .
The other drug , Tysabri , was removed from the market for 1½ years because of similar concerns .
Bennett said the brain infection is often overlooked and undiagnosed because it is so subtle at first .
" People may think it 's early Alzheimer 's disease or depression , " he said .
" Many of these patients have cancer and when they die , people assume it 's the cancer that killed them . "
It is not yet known how rituximab is connected to the brain virus and who may be at risk .
Bennett notes that the best information on the frequency of PML is among patients with lupus with an estimated rate of 1 in 4,000 patients developing PML .
Monoclonal antibodies target one particular protein found on the surface of cells .
In lymphoma , rituximab targets a protein called CD20 on the outside of B - cell lymphomas .
The antibody binds to the protein , leading to the destruction of the cancerous cell .
" In non -Hodgkin 's lymphoma , it turned out to be a home run , " Bennett said of the drug .
" It 's been a magic bullet . "
But concerns about the drug 's association with PML first surfaced in 2006 when two patients with lupus developed the illness after taking rituximab and other immunosuppressive treatments .
In 2008 , Bennett said , the manufacturers of the drug , Genentech and Biogen Idec , sent letters to doctors alerting them that a patient with rheumatoid arthritis who had been taking rituximab also died from the brain infection .
The companies asked whether physicians had detected this illness among cancer patients who were taking the drug .
Bennett said it was known that a small number of patients with lymphoma get the infection regardless of the drug .
" But it was atypical for lupus and rheumatoid arthritis patients to get it , " he said .
" It was especially unusual for patients with autoimmune anemia - like illnesses who have not received a large number of other drugs . "
Then Steve Rosen , M.D. , director of the Robert H. Lurie Comprehensive Cancer Center of Northwestern University , noticed that the 83 - year - old woman was repeating the same phrases over and over .
After a brain biopsy identified the infection , Rosen alerted Bennett .
" I told him a serious abnormality was uncovered and the RADAR program needs to pursue it in the manner that he has investigated all other severe adverse drug problems , " Rosen said .
Bennett 's RADAR project ( Research on Adverse Drug Events and Reports ) is an international consortium of physicians that collaborate to identify adverse reactions to medications and devices .
Bennett met with Genentech executives , offering to help them gather what thus far had been elusive information on the drug 's connection to the brain infection .
Doctors had been reticent to report PML in their patients who had been taking rituximab .
" It 's a lot of work to produce these reports , " Bennett explained about doctors ' reticence .
To offset this concern , Bennett called 12 major cancer centers around the country , asked doctors to share their information and offered to produce the reports for them .
He discovered an additional 22 cases beyond what had previously been reported .
The study results illustrate a need for caution in prescribing rituximab , Bennett said .
" The drug has tremendous usefulness in lymphoma , but as its use expands to diseases that are not cancer , we might have to reconsider the risk benefit , " Bennett said .
" Some cancer patients take this drug chronically for non-fatal chronic leukemia where the risk - benefit calculations differ from lymphoma . "
The next step , Bennett said , is to determine the risk factors for the disease in people who take rituximab .
" We need to learn more about this , " he said .
" People have to think about the pros and cons in settings where it is being used for nonmalignant diseases .
People have been lulled into a false sense of security that this drug is harmless and that it only does good things .
No drug is perfect . "
If people on rituximab develop any strange neurological symptoms such as forgetfulness , disorientation or mood changes , their doctors should be alerted , Bennett said .
Source : Northwestern University ( news : web )
Explore further Statins do not interfere with rituximab treatment for lymphomas , study finds
Last week two prisoners made a daring escape from a Greek prison by helicopter - their second airborne jailbreak .
Convicted drug trafficker David McMillan , who spent two years plotting his escape from a Bangkok jail in 1996 , told the BBC how much planning this kind of operation takes .
I had been planning [ my escape ] from the moment four policeman came into a travel agency and arrested me in Chinatown , in Bangkok .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
As soon as I actually got to the prison about a week later I started looking at bars and walls and electric fences and I began looking for the best place to be .
I went to building six simply because it had the thinnest bars in the windows ...
There were not a lot of prison guards per prisoner .
Probably one prison guard to 120 prisoners .
So it was really run by the trustees , who had their own little uniforms with epaulettes and aviators ' wings and things like that .
The entire essence of [ the escape ] was secrecy .
No -one in there was capable of keeping a secret I would say ...
Planning is everything
The first thing to do was to get what you could call a private cell .
Most of the cells would be the size of a family garage and had 25 people in them , often sleeping like sardines packed into a tin , literally .
FROM THE BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
And if they had chains on , which everybody did , there would be the rattling of the chains , lights would be left on all night .
I paid for a light switch which was another little luxury .
It sounds like I was doing a lot of paying , I mean I had an office , a cook and a cleaner and that kind of thing , but it 's not an awful lot of money - for £ 500 a month ( $ 708 ) a person could live well .
But we have to bear in mind that most of the people in there were abandoned people .
People who'd lost hope in a lot of their lives and had very few friends left .
Most people got excited at the prospect [ of escape ] , of course , but quite soon realised , ' hang on a minute , what am I doing here ? '
They remembered very quickly the five inmates who'd tried and failed .
They 'd got as far as the outside wall .
They were all put in the punishment cell , which was really a tin box the size of a small coat locker , and dragged out every day in elephant chains and slowly beaten to death .
Four of those five died .
I knew that here were 12,000 people absolutely lost in this world , and sentenced to a life of pretty much misery , and I thought , if nothing else I have to do it
I started at midnight with hacksaw blades that had been sent over in a care parcel , carefully hidden , so I took those out and began working on the bars .
In fact only one bar was cut , and only partially at that .
So my Swedish friend , he was built like a Viking , he had to stretch the thing out , as I squeezed through , oiled up , wearing nothing but my underwear and a pair of trainers .
Final stretch I just got outside , and then I used a plank to get out and across the yard .
It was a bookcase , in fact everything in the room had been built to assist the escape .
Furniture turned into step ladders and shower curtains disassembled into long bits of rope .
I had six walls to go over .
I assembled a ladder by breaking into a factory , and taking down some long bamboo pole and then I began the arduous haul over a number of these walls .
It was most eerie , I knew where all the guards were , they generally slept at night , but they could wander around , and in fact one did .
I had to hide in the shadows while that was going on .
I had a few tricks to deal with that .
I was so exhausted by about 0330 - 0400 in the morning , that I did n't really feel anything , except wanting to keep going .
And I think that it was only that final thought as I looked around me , I knew that here were 12,000 people absolutely lost in this world , and sentenced to a life of pretty much misery , and I thought , if nothing else I have to do it .
I went across the road and looked back for a few minutes at this huge prison from an angle I 'd only seen from that prison van
As I got to the very top wall where the electric fence was , and dawn was creeping up , that soft orange glow was coming through .
That meant that I was late .
But I was tangibly outside .
[ It was ] a feeling I guess I have n't had since I was a child when you wake up and you know that there 's something good in the world .
And then I more or less slid down the piece of rope I had .
Burning my hands , I lost a bit of skin , but I was on the ground , I was outside .
And I went across the road and looked back for a few minutes at this huge prison from an angle I 'd only seen from that prison van where a couple of hundred people had been squashed inside wearing the chains and prison uniform , and took a taxi .
David McMillan , author of Escape : The True Story of the Only Westerner Ever to Break Out of Thailand 's Bangkok Hilton , was interviewed for the BBC World Service by Audrey Carville .
A wanted man in Thailand and Australia , he lives legally in the UK .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Last night we gave you details from the crew of the M/V Maersk Alabama as they were attacked by pirates .
Now we 've got a full e-mail from the crew .
Check it out after the jump .
An e-mail sent by the crew :
Everyone on here is okay .
We 're on our way to Mombasa with Navy protection on board .
Captain Phillips is still hostage in the lifeboat with the 4 pirates .
I hear they 're flying out reliefs for everyone , but I 'm not sure what all 's going to happen once we get to Mombasa .
Supposedly the FBI is coming out to investigate the crime .
Maybe we 'll be on the next CSI Somalia .
I wanted to let you know some of the lessons we learned so you guys can better prepare yourselves for something similar .
The only guys actually captured by the pirates were on the bridge : Capt , 3 / M , and 2 AB's .
I do n't really know why they stayed on the bridge until the pirates got up there .
Then they had keys to everything and were able to unlock everyone 's rooms .
The pirates got up to the bridge very quickly once they were onboard .
We had a locked cage door over the ladder well from main deck , but it only took a second for them to shoot it off .
They then got to the bridge up the outside ladders .
By that time we had taken control of the engine and steering down below .
Mike [ the chief engineer ] stayed in the ECR and the C/M was out on deck tracking the pirates ' movement .
We kept swinging the rudder side to side .
The pirates ' boat capsized , though I 'm not sure exactly when or what caused it .
After about 20 minutes the engine was killed , I do n't know by whom .
At that point I shut off the air bottles and Mike killed power .
He was also able to get outside and trip the fuel shutoff for the EDG [ emergency generator ] .
I think this was critical .
The pirates were very reluctant to go into the dark .
We will be looking at a way to shut off the EDG from the ECR in the future .
All the crew had been mustered and secured in the steering gear .
Our pirates did n't have any grenades , so they would have never been able to break in there .
The previous day we had welded a padeye on the inside of the hatch to the fantail so it was secured from the inside .
The only problem with the steering gear was the heat and the shortage of water .
In the future we will store food and water in various spots for emergency usage .
I think we will also run a fresh water line into the steering gear .
We were able to make a run from the steering gear to the E/R water fountain and fill up some empty oil sample bottles we had back there .
The C/M was also able to get some fruit and sodas from the galley and drop them down the line standpipe .
The pirates sent the 3 / M unescorted to go look for crewmembers , so he was able to get away .
One of the pirates then went with an AB down to the E/R to look for people .
Mike was able to jump him in the dark and we took him prisoner in the steering gear .
No one else came down into the E/R .
As the day went on the pirates became desperate to get out of there .
There boat was sunk , and they could n't get our ship moving .
The Captain talked them into taking the MOB boat .
The three remaining pirates went down in the MOB boat with Phillips .
We were then able to negotiate with them over the radio .
We dropped some food , water and diesel to them .
We started getting the plant back on line .
Unfortunately , the MOB boat would n't start .
A couple of guys got in the lifeboat and dropped it .
They motored over and traded the lifeboat for the MOB boat .
We were supposed to exchange their guy for the Captain , but they ended up keeping him .
They motored off in the lifeboat .
They had no way of getting back aboard , so we followed them .
The Navy showed up a
few hours later .
We stayed close by for some time , but then the Navy asked us to head out .
I heard that several other pirate vessels were heading our way and the Navy wanted us out of the way .
That 's about it .
I 'll give you all the details some other time .
Just to reiterate the most important points :
Have a well fortified location with food and water supply .
Kill all the lights .
Leave the alarms going , the noise helped cover our movements through the house .
Flashlights and radios are very handy , as well as the sound - powered phone .
Anyway , it was a pretty stressful situation .
I have to say I am impressed with how the entire crew responded .
We did n't have anybody who wanted to give up .
I 'm pretty confident that Phillips will end up ok .
They have to know that if they kill him they 'll be done .
I assume the company will be forced into taking some kind of action to assure our security from now on .
end
Everybody ’s talking about Nancy Pelosi ’s press conference yesterday .
I ’m listening to Republicans on cable yapping about this contradiction or that contradiction .
But what I ’ve seen very little attention to is the fact that Pelosi had an answer that really answers all the questions , a plenary answer you might say : she supports a Truth Commission .
Here ’s where we are .
There are various documents and recollections from around through the news ether .
Pelosi ’s accusers are saying she knew more than she admits .
She says that many of these claims are false and the documents perhaps erroneous , and that she ’s been consistent and true to her opposition to torture .
And then she says , and I think there should be a broad - ranging Truth Commission to investigate what happened , who ’s telling the truth and who is n’t .
You can see it here at about 3:45 in .
That says it all .
She wants it all investigated .
The whole point of this storm about Pelosi is that her critics want her to be embarrassed and stop supporting a Truth Commission or any sort of examination of what happened .
But she ’s not .
She still says there should be an investigation .
Her critics still want the book closed .
That says it all .
She ’ll have to stand or fall with the results of an actual investigation .
Her opponents on this are simply risible hypocrites .
Six volunteers from Europe and Russia will on Tuesday allow themselves to be locked up in a capsule in Moscow for over three months to simulate the conditions for an eventual manned mission to Mars .
The two Europeans and four Russians will not be allowed to leave the facility until their mission ends 105 days later , allowing scientists to assess the psychological effects of long duration space flight .
Far from being a version of TV reality show “ Big Brother ” without the cameras , the project is seen as a serious scientific experiment that will show the impact of prolonged isolation on stress , hormones , sleep and mood .
The six , all men , will be allowed to take personal effects like books , laptops and DVDs into the facility at Russia ’s Institute of Biomedical Problems ( IBMP ) in Moscow and but will otherwise be sealed away from the world .
According to the strict rules for the experiment set out by the IBMP , the volunteers can only quit the capsule if they have decided to pull out of the experiment for good .
“ The evacuation of individual members of the crew due to illness or personal wish is comparable to the ‘ death ’ of the cosmonaut , ” it said in a stern mission statement .
The institute said the main problem for a manned mission to Mars is ensuring the full autonomy of the crew for the year - and - a - half round trip .
Meticulous planning
As with a real mission , the supplies for the expedition have been painstakingly worked out in advance and no additional goods will be allowed to enter the capsule once the experiment starts .
“ The crew will themselves resolve all problems and uncomfortable situations which do not require the evacuation of crew members , ” the IBMP said .
In a bid to exactly simulate possible scenarios of a manned mission , communications with a mission control centre and loved ones outside will be subjected to a time delay of 20 minutes .
The 550 cubic metre facility is made out of three modules – one for storage of food , one “ medical module ” that can be used to isolate a sick participant if necessary and a unit where the participants will live .
There , each participant will have tiny individual bedrooms a maximum of 3.2 square metres in area which have been minimally furnished with a desk , chair and small bed .
The facility also has a small gym , complete with exercise bike .
Underlining the declared aim to simulate the exact conditions of a Mars mission , there is also a “ landing module simulator ” which the crew will occupy for the 30 day “ orbit ” around Mars .
The experiment is a joint project between the IBMP and the European Space Agency ( ESA ) and will lay the path for an even tougher Mars mission simulation later in 2009 .
The crew
The partners are planning at the end of the year to send six more crew into the isolation facility for 520 days – the estimated duration of a return trip to Mars .
European participants Oliver Knickel ( 28 ) an engineer in the German army and Frenchman Cyrille Fournier ( 40 ) a commercial airline pilot for Air France , were chosen from 5600 applicants .
“ During the study , I look forward to observing how communications develop and how relationships are established between crewmembers , ” said Fournier in comments published on the ESA website .
“ I expect that each of us will feel both highs and lows , mentally , physically and socially . ”
Scientists have already collated to complete set of medical data on the participants which they will use to compare with their state of mental and physical health throughout the experiment .
The Russian participants are professional cosmonauts Oleg Artemyez and Sergei Ryazansky , doctor Alexei Baranov and sports physio Alexei Shpakov .
ESA and US space agency NASA have separately sketched dates around three decades from now for a manned flight to Mars .
The Red Planet ’s distance from Earth varies between 55 million kilometres and more than 400 million kilometres .
Via iafrica.com
Times are tough and you gotta do what you gotta do - even if that means living in the closet .
Just ask Sergio Santos , an architect with big dreams who lives in a tiny little space .
In order to be able to afford to eat , Santos , who lives in Delray Beach , negotiated with a man to rent out his closet .
We wo n't repeat it again and yes , you read it right .
Santos rents the closet for $ 150 a month , which is a steal , he told the South Florida Sun Sentinel .
" I pay only $ 150 a month and I love it , " Santos said .
This is n't one of those MTV Cribs " You can fit a family of four in my shoe closet " closets or a " There 's a mean witch and a talking lion fantasy land " in the back of a spacious wardrobe .
The room itself is 5 1/ 2 by 14 feet - or just large enough to squeeze in an Oompa Loompa , but not big enough to fit Shaq 's foot or Yao Ming 's head .
Santos can spread his arms and touch both walls .
Santos , who has designed housing projects , high rises and office buildings , retrofitted the tiny quarters to now have a bedroom , office and mini- kitchen .
And do n't think Santos goes without the pleasures of life .
He has cable TV , Internet service , a computer , mini - fridge and a microwave .
The thrifty , extreme makeover cost him $ 64 using recycled parts .
Santos lost his architect job in January and now is a waiter ( and a mini miracle worker ) .
No word on if the 39 - year old has chronic back pain or if he can ever use the line , " Wanna go back to my place ? "
We would n't recommend it .
Stort sett alle vet at det koster penger å ha et eller flere kredittkort .
Det trenger ikke å koste skjorta , men det er veldig sjeldent gratis .
En ting er eventuelle gebyrer , som du må betale for enten å bruke kortet eller for å få kortet .
Noe annet er rentene .
Og her kan det være ganske stor forskjell blant de ulike kortene .
Noen har lave gebyrer eller ingen gebyrer i det hele tatt .
Men de tar det så igjen med et høyere rentenivå .
Dessverre kan man enda ikke få det perfekte kortet , med lav rente , masse fordeler og null gebyrer , men kanskje det kommer en dag .
Det finnes kredittkort på markedet , som har en lav rente .
Alt er relativt og renten på et kredittkort er sjeldent lav i forhold til andre typer lån .
Men det kan skille så mye som 10 % i rente mellom de dyreste og de rimeligste kredittkortene .
Søk kredittkort på kredittkortinfo . no om du ønsker en bedre oversikt over de ulike kortene på markedet .
Skandiabanken Visa
Dette kortet har den laveste renten på markedet pr. i dag .
Den effektive renten er nede på 14,66 % , noe som er klart lavere enn de andre kortene som finnes .
Du får fortsatt 50 dagers rentefri betalingsutsettelse og det koster ingenting å bruke kortet .
Det er heller ikke noe gebyr for uttak av kontanter i minibank .
Så dette er et kort , som er billig i bruk , selv om du betaler forbruket ditt over flere måneder .
Den største ulempen med kortet , er at du får forholdsvis få rabatter og andre fordeler .
Det følger heller ingen reiseforsikring med kortet .
Du må også betale et årsgebyr på kr. 50 , - Når det gjelder rabattene , må en gjøre opp med seg selv om hva som er viktigst : lav rente , eller høy rente og en rekke rabatter når du skal handle .
Santander Red
Neste på listen , er kredittkortet Santander Red.
Dette Visa kortet har også en av de laveste rentene på markedet .
For tiden er den effektive renten på 17,1 % og dermed en andre plass .
Også her får en 50 dagers rentefri betalingsutsettelse .
Det er gratis å bruke kortet , men du må betale kr. 30 , - for å ta ut kontanter i minibanken , + 1 % av beløpet du tar ut .
Det er også fordeler og ulemper med dette kortet .
Noen av fordelene er at du får tilgang til fordelsprogrammet i Santander bank .
Her kan du oppnå en rekke rabatter hos ulike nettbutikker .
Det er mer enn 200 nettbutikker , som er med i programmet og du kan få mellom 1 – 15 % i rabatt .
Ulempen er at du ikke får reiseforsikring inkludert i kortet og at du må betale for å ta ut kontanter .
Spørsmålet er så hvor ofte en har behov for dette .
Kortet har lavere rente enn de fleste og en rekke rabattmuligheter .
Ikano Finans
På en tredje plass over laveste rentene , kommer visa kortet fra Ikano Finans sitt .
Her får du en effektiv rente på 20,43 % og fortsatt et godt stykke fra den mer vanlige rente på 25 +.
Men , allerede nesten 6 % høyere enn laveste rente på markedet .
Med en kredittgrense på kr. 100.000 , - kan det bli en del rentekroner på et år , om du har shoppet mye .
Du får 50 dagers rentefri betalingsutsettelse og det er gratis å bruke kortet .
Det er dog noen gebyrer , blant annet må du betale et fakturagebyr på kr. 45 , - pr. måned .
Det er også gebyr for uttak av kontanter i minibanken .
Dette gebyret er på kr. 35 , - + 1 % a beløpet .
Fordelene er det flere av .
Det er mange rabatter tilknyttet kortet , blant annet 1 % i rabatt på alle bensinstasjoner i Norge .
Du får også tilgang til en rabattkalender , med nye rabatter hver måned innen kategorier som sportsutstyr , alt til bilen eller klær og sko .
Så igjen , ulempen er høyere rente og flere gebyrer , fordelen er flere rabatter .
Part 1
It is no exaggeration to say that on Sundays in Washington during the administrations of Thomas Jefferson ( 1801 - 1809 ) and of James Madison ( 1809 - 1817 ) the state became the church .
Within a year of his inauguration , Jefferson began attending church services in the House of Representatives .
Madison followed Jefferson 's example , although unlike Jefferson , who rode on horseback to church in the Capitol , Madison came in a coach and four .
Worship services in the House - - a practice that continued until after the Civil War - - were acceptable to Jefferson because they were nondiscriminatory and voluntary .
Preachers of every Protestant denomination appeared .
( Catholic priests began officiating in 1826 . )
As early as January 1806 a female evangelist , Dorothy Ripley , delivered a camp meeting - style exhortation in the House to Jefferson , Vice President Aaron Burr , and a " crowded audience . "
Throughout his administration Jefferson permitted church services in executive branch buildings .
The Gospel was also preached in the Supreme Court chambers .
Jefferson 's actions may seem surprising because his attitude toward the relation between religion and government is usually thought to have been embodied in his recommendation that there exist " a wall of separation between church and state . "
In that statement , Jefferson was apparently declaring his opposition , as Madison had done in introducing the Bill of Rights , to a " national " religion .
In attending church services on public property , Jefferson and Madison consciously and deliberately were offering symbolic support to religion as a prop for republican government .
Shoboshobo
CAMBRIDGE , Mass . —
Seventy - six years ago , Franklin Delano Roosevelt took to the inaugural dais and reminded a nation that its recent troubles “ concern , thank God , only material things . ”
In the midst of the Depression , he urged Americans to remember that “ happiness lies not in the mere possession of money ” and to recognize “ the falsity of material wealth as the standard of success . ”
“ The only thing we have to fear , ” he claimed , “ is fear itself . ”
As it turned out , Americans had a great deal more to fear than that , and their innocent belief that money buys happiness was entirely correct .
Psychologists and economists now know that although the very rich are no happier than the merely rich , for the other 99 percent of us , happiness is greatly enhanced by a few quaint assets , like shelter , sustenance and security .
Those who think the material is immaterial have probably never stood in a breadline .
Money matters and today most of us have less of it , so no one will be surprised by new survey results from the Gallup - Healthways Well - Being Index showing that Americans are smiling less and worrying more than they were a year ago , that happiness is down and sadness is up , that we are getting less sleep and smoking more cigarettes , that depression is on the rise .
An uncertain future leaves us stranded in an unhappy present with nothing to do but wait .
But light wallets are not the cause of our heavy hearts .
After all , most of us still have more inflation - adjusted dollars than our grandparents had , and they did n’t live in an unremitting funk .
Middle - class Americans still enjoy more luxury than upper - class Americans enjoyed a century earlier , and the fin de siècle was not an especially gloomy time .
Clearly , people can be perfectly happy with less than we had last year and less than we have now .
So if a dearth of dollars is n’t making us miserable , then what is ?
No one knows .
I do n’t mean that no one knows the answer to this question .
I mean that the answer to this question is that no one knows — and not knowing is making us sick .
Consider an experiment by researchers at Maastricht University in the Netherlands who gave subjects a series of 20 electric shocks .
Some subjects knew they would receive an intense shock on every trial .
Others knew they would receive 17 mild shocks and 3 intense shocks , but they did n’t know on which of the 20 trials the intense shocks would come .
The results showed that subjects who thought there was a small chance of receiving an intense shock were more afraid — they sweated more profusely , their hearts beat faster — than subjects who knew for sure that they ’d receive an intense shock .
That ’s because people feel worse when something bad might occur than when something bad will occur .
Most of us are n’t losing sleep and sucking down Marlboros because the Dow is going to fall another thousand points , but because we do n’t know whether it will fall or not — and human beings find uncertainty more painful than the things they ’re uncertain about .
But why ?
A colostomy reroutes the colon so that waste products leave the body through a hole in the abdomen , and it is n’t anyone ’s idea of a picnic .
A University of Michigan - led research team studied patients whose colostomies were permanent and patients who had a chance of someday having their colostomies reversed .
Six months after their operations , patients who knew they would be permanently disabled were happier than those who thought they might someday be returned to normal .
Similarly , researchers at the University of British Columbia studied people who had undergone genetic testing to determine their risk for developing the neurodegenerative disorder known as Huntington ’s disease .
Those who learned that they had a very high likelihood of developing the condition were happier a year after testing than those who did not learn what their risk was .
Why would we prefer to know the worst than to suspect it ?
Because when we get bad news we weep for a while , and then get busy making the best of it .
We change our behavior , we change our attitudes .
We raise our consciousness and lower our standards .
We find our bootstraps and tug .
But we ca n’t come to terms with circumstances whose terms we do n’t yet know .
An uncertain future leaves us stranded in an unhappy present with nothing to do but wait .
Our national gloom is real enough , but it is n’t a matter of insufficient funds .
It ’s a matter of insufficient certainty .
Americans have been perfectly happy with far less wealth than most of us have now , and we could quickly become those Americans again — if only we knew we had to .
Daniel Gilbert is professor of psychology at Harvard University and author of “ Stumbling on Happiness . ”
More of his writing and videos of his appearances can be found at his Web site .
Watch Daniel Gilbert ’s 2004 talk on happiness at TED .
Here 's the new trailer for Transformers 2 we showed you yesterday , except now it 's in high - resolution , upping the general ass - kickery .
Check out the robogasmic goodness below .
UPDATE : Now with 58 - shot 1080P screen - cap gallery !
Advertisement
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission First Bag Free
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Click to view
The preview we were given yesterday certainly did n't do this new trailers cut any justice , but as you can see now , this newest incarnation of everybody 's favorite Hasbro - toy line come - to - life is looking better and better everyday .
Hell it 's even making us feel smarter .
If this does n't sell you on the idea of padding Michael Bay 's pockets then he might as well ... well , he might as well just give us another Transformers movie after this one .
So long as he gives us more of our favorite character .
[ via traileraddict , TFW2005 ]
Just in case you thought working in the games industry was OK now that Electronic Arts has ( supposedly ) cleaned up its act , Greg Costikyan has a scorching post about top game execs who celebrate " corporate culture " in which people are expected to work 60 hours a week :
Mike Capps , head of Epic , and a former member of the board of directors of the International Game Developers Association , during the IGDA Leadership Forum in late 08 , spoke at a panel entitled Studio Heads on the Hot Seat , in which , among other things , he claimed that working 60 + hours was expected at Epic , that they purposefully hired people they anticipated would work those kinds of hours , that this had nothing to do with exploitation of talent by management but was instead a part of " corporate culture , " and implied that the idea that people would work a mere 40 hours was kind of absurd .
Now , of course , the idea that a studio head , which Capps is , would have such notions is highly plausible ; but he was , at the time , a board member of the IGDA , an organization the ostensible purpose of which is to support game developers .
Not , you know , to support management dickheads .
Morever , the IGDA has for some years had a Quality of Life Committee , which strives to demonstrate that long hours are an unproductive use of employees , and that superior alternative to the exploitative conditions at many development studios exist .
The simple fact ( as demonstrated in its research , available at the link above ) is that most game developers burn out within 5 years of entering the industry , because of the absurd hours ( for , incidentally , lower pay than programmers , artists , producers , and Q / A people can command in other software and media ventures ) .
( And for the youth reading this post , this is why you are an IDIOT to attend Digipen or Full Sail — get a generalized CS or art degree , so you can get a job somewhere else when you get burned out on the industry .
Do NOT get a degree that ties you to the medium for all time to come . )
There are numerous documented instances from many parts of the globe of people dying after being cursed ( Image : Image Source / Rex )
Editorial : Breaking the voodoo spell
Late one night in a small Alabama cemetery , Vance Vanders had a run-in with the local witch doctor , who wafted a bottle of unpleasant - smelling liquid in front of his face , and told him he was about to die and that no one could save him .
Back home , Vanders took to his bed and began to deteriorate .
Some weeks later , emaciated and near death , he was admitted to the local hospital , where doctors were unable to find a cause for his symptoms or slow his decline .
Only then did his wife tell one of the doctors , Drayton Doherty , of the hex .
Doherty thought long and hard .
The next morning , he called Vanders ’s family to his bedside .
He told them that the previous night he had lured the witch doctor back to the cemetery , where he had choked him against a tree until he explained how the curse worked .
The medicine man had , he said , rubbed lizard eggs into Vanders ’s stomach , which had hatched inside his body .
One reptile remained , which was eating Vanders from the inside out .
Great ceremony
Doherty then summoned a nurse who had , by prior arrangement , filled a large syringe with a powerful emetic .
With great ceremony , he inspected the instrument and injected its contents into Vanders ’ arm .
A few minutes later , Vanders began to gag and vomit uncontrollably .
In the midst of it all , unnoticed by everyone in the room , Doherty produced his pièce de résistance – a green lizard he had …
Whether it 's labelled the PSP 4000 or the PSP 2 , there 's been a lot of rumour recently about an imminent successor to Sony 's handheld console .
There 's also been a lot of talk about how Sony might react to the competition on offer from the phenomenal success of Apple 's iPhone and iPod touch .
Unsurprisingly the console manufacturer has been comparatively mute in both cases , denying the existence of a PSP sequel and any threat from Apple .
However , having spoken to an insider source – who 's not Dave Perry , but is a developer working on the new hardware – we can reveal that the new handheld will arrive before Christmas and will be far more similar to the iPhone than the current device .
Like Apple 's newcomer , the PSP 2 will be a compact device with a large touchscreen .
However , where Sony 's machine has the edge is when the touchscreen is slid open as it reveals familiar buttons , D-pads and – praise the Lord of Handhelds – dual analogue controls .
This new format should allow for both existing hardcore console titles as well as simpler touchscreen games along the lines of those currently available in the App Store .
And like the App Store , ( and in the absence of UMD ) , the games will all be available for digital download via the PlayStation Store .
Although this has n't been confirmed , our speculation is that Sony 's initial plans for a small upgrade to a PSP 4000 model have since been accelerated by the success of the iPhone and arrival of Nintendo DSi .
As yet those are all the details we have , but we understand the full specs and pricing will be unveiled at E3 in June .
Updated Rick Rashid , leader of Microsoft 's R&D operation , said he could foresee cloud computing some years back .
The challenge as a technologist , though , has been in anticipating the finer details of how the cloud and its related technologies - the data center , replication , and synchronization - will be adopted by people and organizations .
Sure , Microsoft was heading in that direction in the labs , but Amazon , eBay , and Google got there first in their businesses , and Microsoft is now fast trying to catch up .
Speaking to The Reg at Microsoft's Mountain View , California campus recently , Rashid outlined the challenge : " What I 've never been very good at - and do n't think anybody 's that great at - is knowing what society is going to do with them [ technology innovations ] .
That 's the harder part . "
As a professor at the Carnegie Mellon University , Rashid helped in the creation of the Mach kernel .
That early work speaks to the challenge .
Mach was intended as replacement for BSD and Unix but has snuck into Apple 's orgasmically successful iPhone .
Rashid : technology prediction will get you so far
" Did I realize in the early 1980s that the operating system I was building would someday run on a cell phone .
I 'd have said : ' What 's a cell phone ? ' - they did n't exist .
So you never really know what 's going to happen or how something that you 've created is going to be eventually used and what forms it 's going to take .
Technologists are never good at that kind of prediction . "
After joining Microsoft in 1991 , Rashid patented work in data compression , networking , and operating systems that helped turn Windows into the multi-billion dollar gift that keeps giving to the Microsoft bottom line .
That track record 's important given that the 850 - person R&D operation Rashid now runs is working on search , social computing , and systems architecture and is getting a share of the company 's overall $ 9bn research - and - development budget thanks to chief executive Steve Ballmer 's enthusiasm for beating Google online and easing Microsoft 's reliance on the PC .
The work of Rashid and others on his team might yet turn Microsoft 's nascent cloud into a multi-billion - dollar business akin to Windows - despite its lateness and early mistakes .
Microsoft was forced to announce a major U - turn on cloud - based storage this week after it succumbed to its usual product - segmentation fever , but the company 's already got the fundamentals in place with data centers and a core- computing fabric that it can build on .
And that 's a lot more than some others have , who are still at the talking stage .
Rashid is certainly optimistic .
" There 's been a huge impact on the business of the company , and the products we ship , " he said of the R&D operation .
" We 've been creating $ 1bn businesses every few years over the last 10 years . "
Asked if he foresaw the rise of the cloud as a successor to these $ 1bn businesses on the desktop and server , Rashid indicated he thought Microsoft was moving in the right direction .
" There are two ways to answer that .
The first is to say ' yes ' - I 've got slides , " he confessed .
" One of the things you see in any research environment is you get to see the technologies people are developing , you can make summaries about what people doing with them , you can put them in slides .
" Did we know we could build these big data centers ... were we thinking about the services mesh ?
Yes , absolutely , " he said .
" Did we know it was going to pan out in a particular way .
Did we know what 's happening now with the shift to cloud services and the way businesses are thinking about large - scale computation ?
No .
The exact details of how things pan out have to do with society , legal and government environment , and business climate .
But were all the seeds there ?
Absolutely . "
The Obama Administration continues to defend the Bush Administration ’s wiretapping policies :
( 04-06 ) 15:26 PDT SAN FRANCISCO —
The Obama administration is again invoking government secrecy in defending the Bush administration ’s wiretapping program , this time against a lawsuit by AT&T customers who claim federal agents illegally intercepted their phone calls and gained access to their records .
Disclosure of the information sought by the customers , “ which concerns how the United States seeks to detect and prevent terrorist attacks , would cause exceptionally grave harm to national security , ” Justice Department lawyers said in papers filed Friday in San Francisco .
Kevin Bankston of the Electronic Frontier Foundation , a lawyer for the customers , said Monday the filing was disappointing in light of the Obama presidential campaign ’s “ unceasing criticism of Bush - era secrecy and promise for more transparency . ”
(…)
The administration ’s new filing asks Walker to dismiss a second suit filed in September by AT&T customers that sought to sidestep the telecommunications immunity law by naming only the government , Bush and other top officials as defendants .
Like the earlier suit , the September case relies on a former AT&T technician ’s declaration that he saw equipment installed at the company ’s San Francisco office to allow NSA agents to copy all incoming e-mails .
The plaintiffs ’ lawyers say the declaration , and public statements by government officials , revealed a “ dragnet ” surveillance program that indiscriminately scooped up messages and customer records .
The Justice Department said Friday that government agents monitored only communications in which “ a participant was reasonably believed to be associated with al Qaeda or an affiliated terrorist organization . ”
But proving that the surveillance program did not sweep in ordinary phone customers would require “ disclosure of highly classified NSA intelligence sources and methods , ” the department said .
Individual customers cannot show their messages were intercepted , and thus have no right to sue , because all such information is secret , government lawyers said .
They also said disclosure of whether AT&T took part in the program would tell the nation ’s enemies “ which channels of communication may or may not be secure . ”
Discrete servings of Art , Music , Movies , Television , Original Writing , and " Other . "
Curated and presented by Clarence Ewing
Padres ’ Peavy could be traded to White Sox
According to a report by the San Diego Union Tribune , a trade between the Padres and White Sox involving ace Jake Peavy could be imminent .
The roadblocks appear to be whether or not Peavy would waive his no - trade clause and whether or not he wants to play for manager Ozzie Guillen , which apparently he has reservations about .
The question becomes : whom would the Sox have to give up in order to acquire Peavy ?
The Padres need middle infielders , so Chris Getz and Brent Lillibridge could be involved in the talks , but hopefully for White Sox fans , top shortstop prospect Gordon Beckham is n’t .
If San Diego has its sights set on pitching ( which is certainly a possibility given the division and park it plays in ) , Chicago might be willing to part with Aaron Poreda and Clayton Richard , although more mid-to - low - level prospects would likely have to be included as well .
If they were able to swing a deal , the Chi-Sox rotation would look incredibly strong with Peavy , Mark Buerhle , Gavin Floyd and John Danks leading the way .
And considering they ’re only 5.5 games back in the AL Central and we have n’t even reached the All - Star Break yet , a trade like this could sling them right back into contention .
Another thing to keep an eye on is whether or not this wakes up the other team in Chicago .
The Cubs are in win -now mode , but thanks to injuries and inconsistent play , they find themselves currently three games behind the Brewers in the NL Central .
Ace Carlos Zambrano is currently on the DL and how long before Rich Harden pays his old friend a visit , too ?
If Peavy does n’t waive his no -trade clause to join the White Sox , maybe the Cubs will re-enter trade talks with the Padres .
Update :
The two teams have agreed on a deal , but Peavy has to sign off on it because of his no - trade clause .
in
" I'm a man with a mission in two or three editions "
- Elvis Costello , " Everyday I Write the Book "
The best talk show ever .
That 's what I 'd call Elvis Costello 's new one - hour weekly show , " Spectacle : Elvis Costello with ... " , the first episode of which finally aired here in Canada over the weekend .
I know I said in an earlier piece that " Vagina Power " , the show hosted by Alexyss K. Tylor and her mom , was the greatest talk show on TV , but what I really meant was that it was the most hilarious and bizarre talk show ever made , while Elvis ' show is the most fascinating , at least for anyone who 's a serious music fan .
Of course , for those not all that into music the show may not seem quite so fascinating .
But for all of us music lovers there 's really no denying the appeal of a completely refreshing new program like this .
I 'm a huge Elvis Costello fan and the fact he was hosting obviously caught my attention .
After all , My Aim Is True ( 1977 ) , This Year 's Model ( 1978 ) , Armed Forces ( 1979 ) , and King of America ( 1986 ) are four of my all - time favorite albums .
However , my love of Elvis ' music is not , in fact , the reason I love this show so much , though there 's no denying that his musical performances are definitely one of the show 's highlights .
The fact is there 's never really been anything like this before : A show featuring one musical legend ( Elvis ) sitting around talking music for an hour each week with another musical legend ( that week 's guest ) .
Not about their big hits and life as a rock star , but , rather , about their influences , passions and inspirations .
A gossip show this is not .
A show for those with a passion for music it most certainly is .
Now I can hear some of you saying : " Elvis Costello as a TV show host ?
Come on ! " .
But that 's exactly what many people thought when they heard that Bob Dylan was going to be hosting his own radio show three years ago .
However , few would now argue with the fact that " Theme Time Radio Hour with Bob Dylan " is one of the greatest radio programs of all time .
So , leave behind any preconceptions you may have about Elvis and just check out the show .
Because , believe it or not , he 's perfect in this role .
Tickle Me Elton
The show 's first guest was Elton John and although I 'm not a huge fan of his I do love the album Goodbye Yellow Brick Road , as well as some of his other stuff ; " Tiny Dancer " being one of my all - time favorite songs .
However , I definitely have a lot more respect for him after watching this show .
The man clearly has an immense passion for music - and good music at that .
As does Elvis , of course .
It was quite interesting to hear the two of them raving about their shared love of relatively obscure artists like Laura Nyro , David Ackles and Leon Russell .
And then their duet of the old David Ackles song " Down River " , which they played to close out the show , was simply fantastic .
Watch it here :
Elvis Costello and Elton John singing " Down River "
Ron Sexsmith
Another highlight of the show was seeing Elton talk so passionately about the music of great Canadian singer / songwriter Ron Sexsmith , who , as Elton angrily pointed out , is tragically all - but - ignored by radio .
Elvis has been a champion of Sexsmith 's music from the start , but this was the first time I realized that Elton is also a big fan .
Big Pink
The biggest surprise for me was hearing Elton talking about how much he was influenced by The Band and Van Morrison back when he was just starting out .
He actually said that the album that influenced him more than any other single album in his life was The Band 's 1968 debut Music From Big Pink .
That was certainly not something I 'd ever have guessed , though being a big fan of The Band it was great to hear .
As it was to hear him talk about his love of Van Morrison , another one of my all - time faves .
The most bizarre tidbit we heard , however , was that Elton and his songwriting partner of 40 years , Bernie Taupin , have never once sat down together in the same room to write a song .
Not one song .
I found that truly weird .
Upcoming Guests
Over all , it was a really fantastic first show and if the remaining 12 episodes of this inaugural season are anywhere near as good as this initial episode then we 're in for a pretty amazing run .
Especially with upcoming guests like The Police , Lou Reed , Kris Kristofferson , Jenny Lewis , Rufus Wainwright , James Taylor , Jakob Dylan , Herbie Hancock , Smokey Robinson , John Mellencamp and even , somewhat out of place , Bill Clinton ( guess he must be a fan ... or perhaps he just likes to talk ) .
Beaten To The Punch
The show has actually been airing down in the States on the Sundance Channel since last December , but , for some unknown reason , we had to wait an extra four months to see it up here in Canada .
This is particularly bizarre when you consider that the show is a Canadian production .
Which in itself might seem weird to anyone who is unaware of the fact that Elvis lives here in British Columbia at least half of each year , together with his Canadian wife Diana Krall ( who is also an upcoming guest on the show ) and their twin two - year - old boys .
Anyhow , it was terrific to see people with that much passion for music sitting around talking about whatever they felt like talking about .
Sure beats Leno .
Check it out for yourselves :
The show airs numerous times throughout the week on the Sundance Channel in the U.S.
Or , in Canada , on CTV Friday nights at 10:00 p.m. and / or on Bravo Saturdays at 8 p.m. ET /5 p.m. PT and Sundays at 6 p.m. ET /3 p.m. PT .
And , finally , here 's the complete list of upcoming episodes : " Spectacle : Elvis Costello With ... "
Episode Guide
Mike Cowie ( Oredakedo )
Tuesday , April 7th , 2009
And here 's the follow - up rave , written in June 2009 : Wake Up Music Fans !
Wake Up ! Lou and Elvis Tear It Up
To see my picks for the best music of 2008 click here : The Best 20 Albums and 50 Songs of 2008 : Dylan Tops Both Lists
And if you 're a fan of Dylan then make sure to check this out :
The 25 Greatest Dylan Songs of The Past 20 Years
And to read my two - yes two - recent rave reviews of Tell Tale Signs click here : Bob 's Back : Tell Tale Signs of Joy ... and A Complete Lack of Judgement
And here : Tell Tale Signs of Genius : Dylan 's Best Album of The Past 20 Years ?
( Rave # 2 )
And for much more on all things Dylan click here : The Bob ( as in Dylan )
Or for more on other artists and albums click here : Music Homepage
Or here : Music : Album and Concert Raves
Men like to barbecue .
Men will cook if danger is involved .
Men who have pierced ears are better prepared for marriage .
They 've experienced pain and bought jewelry .
If you buy your husband or boyfriend a video camera , for the first few weeks he has it , lock the door when you go to the bathroom .
Most of my husband 's early films end with a scream and a flush .
Be careful of men who are bald and rich ; the arrogance of " rich " usually cancels out the nice of " bald " .
Marrying a divorced man is ecologically responsible .
In a world where there are more women than men , it pays to recycle .
Men are very confident people .
My husband is so confident that when he watches sports on television , he thinks that if he concentrates it can help his team .
If the team is in trouble , he coaches the players from our living room , and if they 're really in trouble , I have to get off the phone in case they call him .
If it 's attention you want , do n't get involved with a man during play - off season .
Men like phones with lots of buttons .
It makes them feel important .
Men love to be the first to read the newspaper in the morning .
Not being the first is upsetting to their psyches .
All men look nerdy in black socks and sandals .
The way a man looks at himself in a mirror will tell you if he can ever care about anyone else .
Do n't try to teach men how to do anything in public .
They can learn in private ; in public they have to know .
Men who are going bald often wear baseball caps .
All men are afraid of eyelash curlers .
I sleep with one under my pillow , instead of a gun .
A good place to meet a man is at the dry cleaner .
These men usually have jobs and bathe .
Men love watches with multiple functions .
My husband has one that is a combination address book , telescope and piano .
All men hate to hear " We need to talk about our relationship . "
These seven words strike fear in the heart of even General Schwarzkopf .
Men are sensitive in strange ways .
If a man has built a fire and the last log does not burn , he will take it personally .
Men are brave enough to go to war , but they are not brave enough to get a bikini wax .
All men think that they 're nice guys .
Some of them are not .
Contact me for a list of names .
Men do n't get cellulite .
God might just be a man .
Men have an easier time buying bathing suits .
Women have two types : depressing and more depressing .
Men have two types : nerdy and not nerdy .
Men have higher body temperatures than women .
If your heating goes out in winter , I recommend sleeping next to a man .
Men are like portable heaters that snore .
Women take clothing much more seriously than men .
I 've never seen a man walk into a party and say " Oh , my God , I 'm so embarrassed ; get me out of here .
There 's another man wearing a black tuxedo . "
Most men hate to shop .
That 's why the men's department is usually on the first floor of a department store , two inches from the door .
If a man prepares dinner for you and the salad contains three or more types of lettuce , he is serious .
If you 're dating a man who you think might be " Mr. Right , " if he a ) got older , b ) got a new job , or c ) visited a psychiatrist , you are in for a nasty surprise .
The cocoon - to - butterfly theory only works on cocoons and butterflies .
Men own basketball teams .
Every year cheerleaders ' outfits get tighter and briefer , and players ' shorts get baggier and longer .
No man is charming all of the time .
Even Cary Grant is on record saying he wished he could be Cary Grant .
When four or more men get together , they talk about sports .
When four or more women get together , they talk about men .
Not one man in a beer commercial has a beer belly .
Men are less sentimental than women .
No man has ever seen the movie THE WAY WE WERE twice , voluntarily .
Most women are introspective : " Am I in love ?
Am I emotionally and creatively fulfilled ? "
Most men are outrospective : " Did my team win ?
How 's my car ? "
If a man says , " I 'll call you , " and he does n't , he did n't forget , he did n't lose your number , he did n't die .
He just did n't want to call you .
Men hate to lose .
I once beat my husband at tennis .
I asked him , " Are we going to have sex again ? "
He said , " Yes , but not with each other . "
Men who can eat anything they want and not gain weight should do it out of sight of women .
Getting rid of a man without hurting his masculinity is a problem .
" Get out " and " I never want to see you again " might sound like a challenge .
If you want to get rid of a man , I suggest saying , " I love you , I want to marry you , I want to have your children . "
Sometimes they leave skid marks .
Men accept compliments much better than women do .
Example : " Mitch , you look great . "
Mitch : " Thanks . "
On the other side : " Ruth , you look great . "
Ruth : " I do ?
Must be the lighting . "
Impulse buying is not macho .
Men rarely call the Home Shopping Network .
Men who listen to classical music tend not to spit .
Only men who have worn a ski suit understand how complicated it is for a woman to go to the bathroom when she 's wearing a jumpsuit .
Men do n't feel the urge to get married as quickly as women do because their clothes all button and zip in the front .
Women 's dresses usually button and zip in the back .
We need men emotionally and sexually , but we also need men to help us get dressed .
Men are self - confident because they grow up identifying with superheroes .
Women have bad self - images because they grow up identifying with Barbie .
When a woman tries on clothing from her closet that feels tight , she will assume she has gained weight .
When a man tries something from his closet that feels tight , he will assume the clothing has shrunk .
Male menopause is a lot more fun than female menopause .
With female menopause you gain weight and get hot flashes .
Male menopause - you get to date young girls and drive motorcycles .
Men forget everything ; women remember everything .
That 's why men need instant replays in sports .
They 've already forgotten what happened .
Men would like monogamy better if it sounded less like monotony .
All men would still really like to own a train set .
Spell Checking in Python
I was looking into spell checking in Python .
I found spell4py , and downloaded the zip , but could n’t get it to build on my system .
If I tried a bit longer maybe , but in the end my solution worked out fine .
This library was overkill for my needs too .
I found this article here : http://code.activestate.com/recipes/117221/
This seemed to work well for my purposes , but I wanted to test out other spell checking libraries .
Mozilla Firefox , Google Chrome , and OpenOffice all use hunspell , so I wanted to try that one ( as I ’m testing the spelling of words on the Internet ) .
Here are some python snippets to get you up and running with the popular spelling checkers .
I modified these to take more than 1 word , split them up , and then return a list of suggestions .
They do require each spelling checker to be installed .
I was able to do this through the openSuSE package manager .
Ispell
import popen2 class ispell : def __init__ ( self ) : self ._f = popen2 .
Popen3 ( " ispell " ) self ._f. fromchild .
readline ( ) # skip the credit line def __call__ ( self , words ) : words = words .
split ( ' ' ) output = [ ] for word in words : self ._f. tochild .
write ( word + '
' ) self ._f. tochild .
flush ( ) s = self ._f. fromchild .
readline ( ) . strip ( ) self ._f. fromchild .
readline ( ) # skip the blank line if s [ : 8 ] == " word : ok " : output .
append ( None ) else : output .
append ( ( s [ 17 :- 1 ] ) . strip ( ) . split ( ' , ' ) ) return output import popen2 class ispell : def __init__( self ) : self ._f = popen2.Popen3 ( " ispell " ) self._f.fromchild.readline( ) # skip the credit line def __call__ ( self , words ) : words = words.split(' ') output = [ ] for word in words : self._f.tochild.write( word +'
') self._f.tochild.flush ( ) s = self._f.fromchild.readline().strip( ) self._f.fromchild.readline( ) # skip the blank line if s [ : 8 ] == " word : ok " : output.append ( None ) else : output.append ((s [ 17 :-1 ] ) .strip ( ) .split( ' , ' ) ) return output
Aspell
import popen2 class aspell : def __init__ ( self ) : self ._f = popen2 .
Popen3 ( " aspell - a " ) self ._f. fromchild .
readline ( ) # skip the credit line def __call__ ( self , words ) : words = words .
split ( ' ' ) output = [ ] for word in words : self ._f. tochild .
write ( word + '
' ) self ._f. tochild .
flush ( ) s = self ._f. fromchild .
readline ( ) . strip ( ) self ._f. fromchild .
readline ( ) # skip the blank line if s == " * " : output .
append ( None ) elif s [ 0 ] == ' # ' : output . append ( " No Suggestions " ) else : output .
append ( s. split ( ' :' ) [ 1 ] . strip ( ) . split ( ' , ' ) ) return output import popen2 class aspell : def __init__ ( self ) : self ._f = popen2. Popen3 ( " aspell - a " ) self._f.fromchild.readline( ) # skip the credit line def __call__ ( self , words ) : words = words.split(' ') output = [ ] for word in words : self._f.tochild.write( word +'
') self._f.tochild.flush ( ) s = self._f.fromchild.readline().strip( ) self._f.fromchild.readline( ) # skip the blank line if s == " * " : output.append( None ) elif s [ 0 ] == ' # ' : output.append ( " No Suggestions " ) else : output.append(s.split ( ' : ' ) [ 1] . strip ( ) .split( ' , ' ) ) return output
Hunspell
import popen2 class hunspell : def __init__ ( self ) : self ._f = popen2 .
Popen3 ( " hunspell " ) self ._f. fromchild .
readline ( ) # skip the credit line def __call__ ( self , words ) : words = words .
split ( ' ' ) output = [ ] for word in words : self ._f. tochild .
write ( word + '
' ) self ._f. tochild .
flush ( ) s = self ._f. fromchild .
readline ( ) . strip ( ) . lower ( ) self ._f. fromchild .
readline ( ) # skip the blank line if s == " * " : output .
append ( None ) elif s [ 0 ] == ' # ' : output . append ( " No Suggestions " ) elif s [ 0 ] == '+' : pass else : output .
append ( s. split ( ' :' ) [ 1 ] . strip ( ) . split ( ' , ' ) ) return output import popen2 class hunspell : def __init__ ( self ) : self ._f = popen2.Popen3 ( " hunspell " ) self._f.fromchild.readline( ) # skip the credit line def __call__ ( self , words ) : words = words.split(' ') output = [ ] for word in words : self._f.tochild.write( word +'
') self._f.tochild.flush ( ) s = self._f.fromchild.readline().strip().lower ( ) self._f.fromchild.readline( ) # skip the blank line if s == " * " : output.append( None ) elif s [ 0 ] == ' # ' : output.append ( " No Suggestions " ) elif s [ 0 ] == '+' : pass else : output.append(s.split ( ' : ' ) [ 1] . strip ( ) .split( ' , ' ) ) return output
Now , after doing this and seeing the suggestions .
I decided a spell checker is n’t really what I was looking for .
A spelling checker always tries to make a suggestion , and I wanted to filter out things from a database .
I started this with the hope that I would be able to take misspellings and convert them into the correct word .
In the end , I just removed words that were not spelled correctly using WordNET through NLTK .
WordNET had a bigger dictionary than most of the spell checkers which also helped in the filtering task .
NLTK has a simple how to on how to get started using WordNET .
Hot Pockets Come Back to Bite Jim Gaffigan in the Ass
Jim Gaffigan ’s new stand - up special , “ King Baby , ” premieres on Comedy Central on March 29th .
Will there be a routine to rival his famous Hot Pockets riff ?
Well , if this video is any indication , one of those in a lifetime is probably enough for Gaffigan …
Most people know that breathing in polluted air is n’t good for their health .
It can irritate the lungs , cause allergic reactions , trigger asthmatic attacks and is considered to be a contributing factor in lung cancer development .
But now a new study also indicates that breathing polluted air can interfere with your DNA , altering and reprogramming genes and creating an increase risk of developing cancer and other diseases .
And it does n’t even have to be long term exposure – the study found that it only took three days to alter the DNA of the steel - foundry workers participating in the study .
Before and after blood samples from the workers showed a significant change slowing down in the methylation ( a biological process in which genes are organized into different chemical groups ) rate of four genes that researchers think act as tumor suppressors .
While it ’s true that steel foundry workers are exposed to about 10 times more particulate matter than most of us , researchers say the same changes can occur in city dwellers .
The good news is that researchers believe that these changes in DNA methylation are reversible , possibly with something as simple as folic acid , a vitamin that ” Ëœs already found in many foods .
Image : A6U571N
Louisiana police stopped and detained an American citizen for displaying the historic Gadsden " Do n't Tread on Me " flag on his car , World Net Daily reports .
The flag has a treasured histor y in America - named after an American general and statesman , Christopher Gadsden , and was once used by The United States Marine Corps as a motto flag .
In any case , political talk show icon G. Gordon Liddy was incensed by the reported incident and is now encouraging patriotic and First Amendment loyalists to go buy a Gadsden flag sticker and put it you - know - where -- on your bumper sticker .
Just so happens , the Bureaucrash activist group is offering the sticker -- along with other politically incorrect , First Amendment - loving t- shirts , stickers , pins and other " contraband . "
Visit Bureaucrash.com and click on " contraband " to get your Gadsden flag on .
Edit : Link to the G Gordon Liddy Show podcast , hour 1
A couple reacts immediately after an earthquake struck during their wedding photo shoot at a deserted catholic seminary in Pengzhou in southwest China 's Sichuan province Monday May 12 , 2008 .
Five couples were having wedding photos taken when the earthquake struck , and all escaped without injury .
The century - old seminary was destroyed in the quake , which left tens of thousands dead in Sichuan .
( AP Photo )
After nearly 70,000 confirmed deaths and five million people left homeless ( as of May 29th ) , the Sichuan Earthquake of 2008 continues to cause hardship across the region .
More than 30 " quake Lakes " , formed by landslides have flooded many areas , relief and supplies are still needed and the cleanup continues .
( 13 photos total
Soldiers of the People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) set up a makeshift bridge for refugees to evacuate Pingwu county of Mianyang , Sichuan province May 28 , 2008 .
( REUTERS / China Daily CHINA ) .
In this photo released by China 's Xinhua News Agency , the Tangjiashan quake lake formed by the landslide following the May 12 earthquake near Beichuan County is seen on Monday , May 26 , 2008 .
Chinese officials rushed Tuesday to evacuate another 80,000 people in the path of potential floodwaters building up behind a quake - spawned dam as soldiers carved a channel to try to drain away the threat .
( AP Photo / Xinhua , Zhu Wei )
Buildings are partially submerged at a village in Anshun , Guizhou province May 27 , 2008 .
Floods triggered by rain and hail storms in southern China have killed at least 20 people and left 16 missing , Xinhua news agency reported on Tuesday , citing local authorities .
( REUTERS / China Daily CHINA ) .
A worker walks inside the dining area of a newly built shelter at a site housing earthquake survivors in Dujiangyan , west of Chengdu , Sichuan province , May 24 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Bobby Yip ( CHINA )
A woman carries vegetables into her collapsed house , caused by last week 's earthquake , in the village of Si Wen Jai in Sichuan province , May 23 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Nir Elias ( CHINA )
Earthquake survivors row rafts to transport baggage on the ' quake lake ' at the Majingxiang Hydropower Station May 24 , 2008 in Anxian County of Sichuan Province , China .
Majingxiang ' quake lake ' is the second largest quake lakes formed in the Sichuan earthquake by landslides that blocked rivers .
The lake is over 40 meters ( 131 feet ) deep with water rising at 2.5 meters per day .
The upcoming rainy days will add to the risk of the lakes .
( Photo by China Photos / Getty Images )
An aerial view of tents housing displaced earthquake survivors in Sichuan province May 24 , 2008 .
REUTERS /UN Photo / Evan Schneider / Handout ( CHINA ) .
A quake survivor stands amid the rubble in Hanwang on May 25 , 2008 in southwest China 's quake - stricken Sichuan province .
( FREDERIC J. BROWN / AFP / Getty Images )
Relief materials are dropped over the earthquake - hit Qingchuan County , Sichuan province May 24 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Stringer ( CHINA ) .
A woman mourns for her child who died in the May 12 earthquake , in the debris of the collapsed Juyuan Middle School in Dujiangyan , in southwest China 's Sichuan province , Tuesday , May 27 , 2008 .
( AP Photo / Color China Photo )
Relief workers try to remove bleaching powder and disinfectant while caustic smoke billows in a chemical reaction near a refugee camp in earthquake - hit Leigu Town of Beichuan County , Sichuan province May 29 , 2008 .
The relief goods , including more than 10 tons of bleaching powder and disinfectant , reacted after being soaked by overnight rains , producing caustic smoke , a witness said .
REUTERS / Bo Bor ( CHINA )
A woman crosses a damaged bridge following May 12 earthquake in Hanwang town in China 's southwest Sichuan province Wednesday , May 28 , 2008 .
( AP Photo / Oded Balilty )
More information and articles :
New York Times Sichuan Earthquake topic page
2008 Sichuan earthquake Wikipedia Entry
More may follow 7 arrests in Houston child predator sting 7 men arrested in Houston child predator sting
And more are expected , authorities say
Seven men were arrested on Friday in a sting targeting child predators and more arrests are expected , authorities said .
Over the past two weeks , investigators with the Houston Metro Internet Crimes Against Children have posed as teenagers in online chat rooms while talking to men .
“ We never initiate conversations with the individuals .
They suggest meeting for sex , ” said Eric Devlin , of the Harris County District Attorney ’s Office , part of the federally funded task force .
“ We tell them that we ’re a 13 - year - old female from Houston , ” Devlin said .
“ They go , ‘ Oh that ’s great .
That ’s what I ’m looking for . ' ”
Before agreeing to meet , the investigators asked the men to give their names and describe themselves .
“ Most of these guys sent us pictures , so we knew exactly who was coming , ” Devlin said .
Suspect Travis Chapman , 39 , brought his roommate to a location in Spring where investigators were waiting , officials said .
Also arrested was Joshua Clayton , 18 , who claimed during an online chat session to be a woman and former porn actress , authorities said .
“ He wanted us to go on the webcam and model .
He said he would pay us for it , ” Devlin said .
Omair Khan , 26 , lives with his parents in Houston and asked them to drop him off at a north Harris County Dairy Queen , where he thought an underage girl was waiting for him , officials said .
Mark Edward Welch , 21 , and James Raymond Watters , 26 , were also arrested .
The names of the others were not available .
The men were all charged with multiple counts of online solicitation of a minor .
Some have been released on bail while others remain in custody at the Harris County Jail .
mike.glenn@chron.com
Friday , May 8 , 2009
The Third National Underwear Day in Hot Brazil organized on 17th Feb 2009 at downtown Damn Hot Brasilia .
The event is organized by fashion website Finissimo , and all models who took place in the event final on last Thursday .
New calculations made by marine chemists from the Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute ( MBARI ) suggest that low - oxygen " dead zones " in the ocean could expand significantly over the next century .
These predictions are based on the fact that , as more and more carbon dioxide dissolves from the atmosphere into the ocean , marine animals will need more oxygen to survive .
Concentrations of carbon dioxide are increasing rapidly in the Earth 's atmosphere , primarily because of human activities .
About one third of the carbon dioxide that humans produce by burning fossil fuels is being absorbed by the world 's oceans , gradually causing seawater to become more acidic .
However , such " ocean acidification " is not the only way that carbon dioxide can harm marine animals .
In a " Perspective " published in the journal Science , Peter Brewer and Edward Peltzer combine published data on rising levels of carbon dioxide and declining levels of oxygen in the ocean in a set of new and thermodynamically rigorous calculations .
They show that increases in carbon dioxide can make marine animals more susceptible to low concentrations of oxygen , and thus exacerbate the effects of low - oxygen " dead zones " in the ocean .
Brewer and Peltzer 's calculations also show that the partial pressure of dissolved carbon dioxide gas ( pCO 2 ) in low - oxygen zones will rise much higher than previously thought .
This could have significant consequences for marine life in these zones .
For over a decade , Brewer and Peltzer have been working with marine biologists to study the effects of carbon dioxide on marine organisms .
High concentrations of carbon dioxide make it harder for marine animals to respire ( to extract oxygen from seawater ) .
This , in turn , makes it harder for these animals to find food , avoid predators , and reproduce .
Low concentrations of oxygen can have similar effects .
Currently , deep - sea life is threatened by a combination of increasing carbon dioxide and decreasing oxygen concentrations .
The amount of dissolved carbon dioxide is increasing because the oceans are taking up more and more carbon dioxide from the atmosphere .
At the same time , ocean surface waters are warming and becoming more stable , which allows less oxygen to be carried from the surface down into the depths .
advertisement
In trying to quantify the impacts of this " double whammy " on marine organisms , Brewer and Peltzer came up with the concept of a " respiration index . "
This index is based on the ratio of oxygen and carbon dioxide gas in a given sample of seawater .
The lower the respiration index , the harder it is for marine animals to respire .
Brewer provides the following analogy , " Animals facing declining oxygen levels and rising CO 2 levels will suffer in much the same way that humans in a damaged submarine would suffer , once the concentrations of these gasses reach critical levels .
Our work helps define those critical levels for marine animals , and will enable the emerging risk to be quantified and mapped . "
In the past , marine biologists have defined " dead zones " based solely on low concentrations of dissolved oxygen .
Brewer and Peltzer hope that their respiration index will provide a more precise and quantitative way for oceanographers to identify such areas .
Tracking changes in the respiration index could also help marine biologists understand and predict which ocean waters are at risk of becoming dead zones in the future .
To estimate such effects in the open ocean , the MBARI researchers calculated the respiration index at various ocean depths , for several different forecasted concentrations of atmospheric carbon dioxide .
They found that the most severe effects would take place in what are known as " oxygen minimum zones . "
These are depths , typically 300 to 1,000 meters below the surface , where oxygen concentrations are already quite low in many parts of the world 's oceans .
Previously , marine biologists have assumed that the effects of increasing carbon dioxide in the oceans would be greatest at the sea surface , where most of the gas enters the ocean .
Such studies have predicted a doubling of pCO 2 ( from about 280 to 560 micro- atmospheres ) at the sea surface over the next 100 years .
Brewer and Peltzer 's calculations suggest that the partial pressure of carbon dioxide will increase even faster in the deep oxygen minimum zones , with pCO 2 increasing by 2.5 times , from 1,000 to about 2,500 micro-atmospheres .
Previous studies have indicated that such oxygen minimum zones may expand over the next century .
Brewer and Peltzer 's research suggests that the effects of this expansion will be even more severe than previously forecast .
According to coauthor Peltzer , " The bottom line is that we think it 's important to look at both oxygen and carbon dioxide in the oceans , rather than just one or the other . "
The impact of these chemical changes may be minimal in well - oxygenated ocean areas , but as the authors point out in their paper , " We may anticipate a very large expansion of the oceanic dead zones . "
WASHINGTON -- Top White House economic adviser Lawrence Summers received about $ 5.2 million over the past year in compensation from hedge fund D.E. Shaw , and also received hundreds of thousands of dollars in speaking fees from major financial institutions .
A financial disclosure form released by the White House Friday afternoon shows that Mr. Summers made frequent appearances before Wall Street firms including J.P. Morgan , Citigroup , Goldman Sachs and Lehman Brothers .
He also received significant income from Harvard University ...
Follow it !!
It drops noms as it walks !
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
A US salmonella outbreak in peanut products this year left 600 people sick President Barack Obama has said the US food safety system is a " public health hazard " and in need of an overhaul .
He sounded the warning during his weekly radio and video address , as he appointed a new head of the federal Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) .
New York Health Commissioner Margaret Hamburg has been named for the post .
Mr Obama cited a string of recent food safety scandals including a salmonella outbreak in peanut products this year that has been linked to nine deaths .
The president said recent underfunding and understaffing at the FDA had left the agency unable to conduct annual inspections of more than a fraction of America 's 150,000 food processing premises .
" That is a hazard to public health .
It is unacceptable .
And it will change under the leadership of Dr Margaret Hamburg , " Mr Obama pledged .
Parental concern
The president also announced he was creating a working group to co-ordinate food safety laws throughout government and advise him on how to update the legislation , which he said had not been touched since it was drafted a century ago .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The appointment of 53 - year - old Dr Hamburg , a bioterrorism expert who was an assistant health secretary under President Bill Clinton , must be approved by the Senate .
Mr Obama also named Baltimore Health Commissioner Joshua Sharfstein as her deputy .
The president noted contaminated food outbreaks had more than tripled to nearly 350 a year since the early 1990s .
He cited a contaminated spinach scare in 2006 and this year 's salmonella peanut product outbreak , which left more than 600 people ill and led to one of the largest product recalls in US history .
Mr Obama said when he learned of the recall , he immediately thought of his seven - year - old daughter , Sasha , who eats peanut butter sandwiches several times a week .
" No parent should have to worry that their child is going to get sick from their lunch , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) --
For the second week in a row , reports have surfaced that government regulators are closely eyeing Google .
The Justice Department is taking a closer look at Google 's settlement with authors and publishers over how material will be accounted for on Google 's book search service .
And the Federal Trade Commission is wondering whether the boards of Google ( GOOG , Fortune 500 ) and Apple ( AAPL , Fortune 500 ) are a bit too close .
It was bound to happen : Google could n't get this dominant - with 76 % of the search market - without attracting some attention in DC .
The question is whether the company has played by the rules in gaining its status .
The last thing the " do no evil " company wants is a rehash of Microsoft 's situation in the 1990s .
Google has a number of explanations for why it plays fair , which it 's been sharing in a presentation called " Google , Competition and Openness . "
For one , the company likes to say its competition is " just one click away . "
In other words , there 's nothing really preventing users from switching to another search engine - aside from sheer habit - if they want to find better results .
As proof , Google points to an incident from January 31 when a Google coding error affected all of its search results and users shifted search engines immediately ; Yahoo ( YHOO , Fortune 500 ) queries apparently doubled over the usual figures .
As for the charge that the Google can produce the best search algorithm because it has more data on what users want than anyone else , the company says its search improvements are based only on 1 % of searches .
Another difference between Google and Microsoft ( MSFT , Fortune 500 ) of yore : Google tries to keep its software formats open , so users are n't tied to their programs .
So it 's possible to export Google Docs into Word , PDF , OpenOffice and others .
Again the idea is that Google does n't lock anyone in ; if a user wants a better piece of software , the open formats makes it easy to change .
( This is a topic the European Union has tirelessly hammered away at Microsoft for , saying the company tries to limit consumer choice by steering them towards formats exclusive to Microsoft products .
Microsoft , however , responds that its applications are interoperable with a large range of document formats .
For instance Office supports about a dozen formats , including non-Microsoft formats like PDF , ODF and HTML . )
The advocacy group , Consumer Watchdog , released a marked - up version of Google 's presentation that raises questions about Google 's openness claims , saying the company is not transparent about its ad auction system , quality score , Page Rank and use of private user data .
Regulators are so far just nibbling around the corners .
When they seemed really ready for a fight last year over Google 's proposed search ad partnership with Yahoo , Google backed down from the deal , proclaiming it was n't worth the trouble .
As James Stewart wrote in The Wall Street Journal this week : " Google 's continued gains in market share bear out my contention that Google is that rare breed : the natural monopoly .
By natural , I also mean lawful , since the monopoly derives from Google 's skill and qualities inherent in the business , not from anticompetitive behavior . "
Adds Stewart : " I sometimes get the sense that antitrust regulators , in their single - minded zeal to promote competition , ignore the fact that monopolies , in and of themselves , are n't illegal , or even necessarily bad . "
So go ahead .
Call Google a monopoly .
But the government has n't turned up anything untoward yet .
And whatever Google 's doing , it 's making it very hard - for now - for anyone to unseat it from its throne .
Improving communications skills and the use of a simple blood test could help cut the growing number of inappropriate prescriptions of antibiotics , a joint Cardiff University trial has discovered .
In a major new clinical trial , published in the British Medical Journal , a team of researchers from Cardiff University 's School of Medicine together with researchers from the Maastricht University Medical Centre in the Netherlands found those GPs in primary care who underwent training in advanced communications skills and those who made use of a simple blood test prescribed fewer antibiotics for lower respiratory tract infections , which generally do not respond to antibiotics .
Professor Christopher Butler , Head of Department of Primary Care and Public Health at Cardiff University who led the trial , said : " As the problem of bacteria resistant to antibiotic treatment grows , researchers from around the world are seeking ways to improve the quality of antibiotic prescribing .
Prescribing antibiotics only when patients will clearly benefit , reduces the pressure that drives antibiotic resistance .
" Conditions like acute bronchitis account for some 80 % of all lower respiratory tract infections and despite evidence of little or no benefit from antibiotics , the majority of these patients are still prescribed antibiotics .
" We know that with the many pressures facing GPs , including worry about leaving pneumonia untreated , they often give patients " the benefit of the doubt " and prescribe antibiotics .
Our clinical trial therefore sought to evaluate ways antibiotic prescribing could be reduced without adversely affecting patient recovery or satisfaction with care . "
The trial evaluated an ' illness focussed ' approach , where clinicians seek to better understand the patient 's illness experience and communicate more effectively about management , and a ' disease focussed ' approach , where clinicians focus on diagnosis , in this case , a simple point - of - care blood test .
The trial randomised 20 general practices in the Netherlands , where 40 GPs managed 431 patients with lower respiratory tract infection .
Dr Kerry Hood , Director of the South East Wales Trials Unit said , " The results showed that 54 % of GPs practising according to usual care prescribed antibiotics , whereas 27 % of those who had been trained in the advanced communication and 31 % of the GPs who used the blood test methods did so .
Only 23 % of GPs who were trained in the advanced communication skills and who used the blood test prescribed antibiotics . "
Professor Butler added , " This international collaboration between primary care researchers from Cardiff and Maastricht has shown that both an ' illness focussed ' and a ' disease focussed ' approach were effective in reducing antibiotic prescribing , but the two approaches combined give the greatest benefit .
We need to both communicate better and improve diagnosis to do the best for our patients and to preserve antibiotic effectiveness for our children .
" Importantly , the results showed that prescribing fewer antibiotics did not mean that patients were unwell for longer .
Patient 's recovery and satisfaction with care were not compromised by GPs not prescribing their patient antibiotics . "
Source : Cardiff University
A book written by a priest , which offers theological and practical advice on sex for married couples , has become a best - seller in Poland .
In ' Sex as you do n't know it : for married couples who love God ' - Franciscan Father Ksawery Knotz says he wants to sweep away the fears and strait - laced attitudes which many people have .
Sex in marriage , he said , should not be boring but " saucy , surprising and fantasy packed " .
The book , which has been dubbed the ' Catholic Kama Sutra ' , has the blessing of the Catholic Church in Poland .
The St Paul 's publishing house are now rushing to print a second edition after the first one sold out within weeks .
Father Knotz who lives in a monastery of the Order of Friars Minor Capuchin in Stalowa Wola , southern Poland .
writes : " Some people , when they hear about the holiness of married sex , immediately imagine that such sex has to be deprived of joy , frivolous play , fantasy and attractive positions , "
" They think it has to be sad like a traditional church hymn ...
But every act , caress , or sexual position that has the goal of arousal is permitted and pleases God .
During sexual intercourse , married couples can show their love in every way , can offer one another the most sought - after caresses . "
Father Knotz writes that sex is an important way for a husband and wife to express their love and grow closer to God .
" Married couples celebrate their sacrament , their life with Christ also during sex , " he writes .
" Calling sex a celebration of the sacrament of marriage raises its dignity in an exceptional way .
Such a statement shocks people who learned to look at sexuality in a bad way .
It is difficult for them to understand that God is also interested in their happy sex life and in this way gives them his gift . "
Fr Knotz goes on to stress that his book is completely in line with Church teaching .
He discourages the use of contraceptives , saying they " lead a married couple outside of Catholic culture and into a completely different lifestyle " .
Some critics have questioned whether a celibate priest would be competent enough to write about sex .
But Fr Knotz says his knowledge comes from years of counseling married couples .
He also runs retreats for couples which are always booked out .
" I look at it this way : you do n't have to have a heart condition to be a cardiologist and you do n't have to be an alcoholic to work as a therapist , " he said .
Fr Knotz explains he was originally inspired by the open atmosphere of his family home and the early teachings of late Polish - born Pope John Paul II who broached the subject of sexuality in his book " Love and Responsibility " , first published in 1960 .
" The Holy Father 's ' theology of the body ' and other philosophical and theological works delve deeply into the divinity of sexual relations in marriage .
I 'm just making these complex ideas more accessible to average Catholics , " he said .
Tags : ''ex as you do n't know it : for married couples who love God ' , Franciscan Father Ksawery Knotz
We Need Your Support ICN aims to provide speedy and accurate news coverage of all subjects of interest to Catholics and the wider Christian community .
As our audience increases - so do our costs .
We need your help to continue this work .
Please support our journalism by donating today .
Donate
A reader writes :
I am a stay at home Mom of a toddler , active in my synagogue and preschool .
I also have suffered from secondary insomnia almost my entire life .
Two or three nights a week I fall asleep , only to wake up 3 or 4 hours late .
I am then unable to return to sleep for the rest of the night .
In my twenties , I had a cigar box full of marijuana that I left in a drawer by my bed .
( I was never a recreational user , since smoking in the company of others made me feel paranoid . )
If I woke up in the middle of the night , I would smoke a little , go back to sleep and wake up feeling bright eyed and bushy tailed .
But I stopped smoking when I met my now husband , since he did n't approve .
Now my insomnia has gotten much worse since the birth of my child , with all the attendant middle of the night awakenings .
Ben Nelson in a graphic frame normally reserved for Repugs
Nelson says , he does not want to “ destabilize or adversely affect ” the private health insurance coverage now in place for most Americans .
“ I have not closed my mind to any option , ” says Nelson , a key figure in the approaching showdown over health care reform .
While he ’s opposed to opening the door to choice between a government and a private plan , Nelson says he wants to “ see how a public plan is crafted .
“ It ’s a deal - breaker for me if there ’s a government - run plan to replace existing insurance plans , ” he says .
“ I see a role for government , but not the primary responsibility , ” Nelson says .
“ I see a backup plan , ” but not at the expense of “ erosion of a market - based system . ”
... What ’s not on the table is a single - payer universal health care system managed by the federal government .
Nelson says he ’d adamantly oppose it , but the Obama administration and congressional leaders are n’t even crafting such a plan .
“ Single - payer ca n’t pass , ” Nelson says .
What ’s open is how to construct coverage for 45 million uncovered Americans who would be brought under the umbrella of universal coverage .
The private insurance industry is prepared to eliminate barriers to coverage for Americans with pre-existing health conditions if there is universal coverage , Nelson said .
The Senate 's most Republican Democrat ( see chart below ) , Nebraska reactionary Ben Nelson , has long been in the pocket of the Medical - Industrial Complex and Big Insurance .
He was a former insurance company executive .
They have underwritten his career with millions of dollars in legalized bribes -- $ 1,196,799 from Insurance special interests and another $ 1,000,366 from the HMOs and other " health care " industries .
And they 're promising him lots more if he will do their dirty work for them again this year .
And he will .
Nelson is worried that voters in Nebraska will start understanding that he does n't work for them -- not ever -- but that his real employers are the wealthy and powerful vested interests he is always serving .
His main function in the Senate seems to have always been to water down all reforms and make them meaningless .
Today he went to the Lincolnto spin his role in the killing of health care reform so that the dull minded among his constituents miss the point .
" Sen. Ben Nelson , " reads the friendly and deceptive first line , " says he ’s open to a government role in securing universal health care coverage .
" A couple nights ago progressive health care reform advocate , Maryland Congresswoman Donna Edwards explained how the Insurance company shills in Congress would embrace the public option and then make sure it non-robust , worthless and uncompetitive with the plans of their " generous " patrons .
So what is it that the insurance companies and shills in the Senate like virtually the entire Republican caucus plus the worst of the Conservadems want to kill ?
In short , anything that looks like it will compete with the awful private insurance plans that almost all Americans hate with a passion .
Progressives demand a plan that is fully risk - bearing , like Medicare .
It must fully bear the risk of medical claims for its enrollees .
The idea is to keep administrative costs low -- like Medicare and unlike the private insurers -- and guarantee a high standard of care .
As for payments , again Medicare is a good model to start with , but the new entity should be free to use its buying power to establish fair provider rates .
It should have the authority to structure provider rates that build on Medicare ’s payment system and to develop and implement payment system reforms that promote quality care , prevention , and chronic care management .
At the very minimum it has to be available to ( which also means ) who lacks employer - provided insurance .
And it must allow patients to have access to their choice of doctors and other providers that meet defined participation standards , as Medicare does .
Imagine having representatives in our own government who are there to fight for us , not for their campaign contributors in big business ?
It 'll never happen until we get rid of the horribly corrupt way we finance our " democracy . "
Until then there will always be stooges like Ben Nelson and Max Baucus -- not to mention the entire GOP -- who fight for the lobbyists and for the industries that underwrite their careers rather than for their own constituents .
Not a single Republican voted for Social Security when Roosevelt proposed it -- not one .
They called it socialist and said it would bankrupt America .
Sound familiar ?
As I mentioned yesterday , when Rep. John Sullivan , Oklahoma 's rabid anti-health care fanatic , decided he needed -- reason not yet clear -- to fly across the country and check himself into the Betty Ford Clinic to treat his long - documented dependency on alcohol , the taxpayers were forced to pick up the entire tab , probably $ 30,000 .
Nice for him , but is n't it a bit hypocritical for him to vote against that kind of health insurance for the rest of us ?
Labels : Ben Nelson , conservadems , Culture of Corruption , health insurance , universal health care
At first glance , the sweeping credit card legislation that passed the Senate on Tuesday looks like a huge victory for consumers .
The bill , after all , contains relief from penalty fees and certain interest rate spikes .
But for people who pay off their bills each month , and milk the card rewards programs for everything they ’re worth , there is some cause for concern .
For months now , the card companies have been threatening to cut rewards programs sharply to make up for revenue lost because of the new restrictions .
My guess , however , is that this talk is just so much saber - rattling .
Card companies want to make money , and big spenders help them do it , even if those cardholders do not go into debt .
By George Friedman After U.S. airstrikes killed scores of civilians in western Afghanistan this past week , White House National Security Adviser Gen. James L. Jones said the United States would continue with the airstrikes and would not tie the hands of U.S. generals fighting in Afghanistan .
At the same time , U.S. Central Command chief Gen. David Petraeus has cautioned against using tactics that undermine strategic U.S. goals in Afghanistan — raising the question of what exactly are the U.S. strategic goals in Afghanistan .
A debate inside the U.S. camp has emerged over this very question , the outcome of which is likely to determine the future of the region .
On one side are President Barack Obama , Defense Secretary Robert Gates and a substantial amount of the U.S. Army leadership .
On the other side are Petraeus — the architect of U.S. strategy in Iraq after 2006 — and his staff and supporters .
An Army general — even one with four stars — is unlikely to overcome a president and a defense secretary ; even the five - star Gen .
Douglas MacArthur could n't pull that off .
But the Afghan debate is important , and it provides us with a sense of future U.S. strategy in the region .
Petraeus and U.S. Strategy in Iraq Petraeus took over effective command of coalition forces in Iraq in 2006 .
Two things framed his strategy .
One was the Republican defeat in the 2006 midterm congressional elections , which many saw as a referendum on the Iraq war .
The second was the report by the Iraq Study Group , a bipartisan group of elder statesmen ( including Gates ) that recommended some fundamental changes in how the war was fought .
The expectation in November 2006 was that as U.S. President George W. Bush 's strategy had been repudiated , his only option was to begin withdrawing troops .
Even if Bush did n't begin this process , it was expected that his successor in two years certainly would have to do so .
The situation was out of control , and U.S. forces did not seem able to assert control .
The goals of the 2003 invasion , which were to create a pro-American regime in Baghdad , redefine the political order of Iraq and use Iraq as a base of operations against hostile regimes in the region , were unattainable .
It did not seem possible to create any coherent regime in Baghdad at all , given that a complex civil war was under way that the United States did not seem able to contain .
Most important , groups in Iraq believed that the United States would be leaving .
Therefore , political alliance with the United States made no sense , as U.S. guarantees would be made moot by withdrawal .
The expectation of an American withdrawal sapped U.S. political influence , while the breadth of the civil war and its complexity exhausted the U.S. Army .
Defeat had been psychologically locked in .
Bush 's decision to launch a surge of forces in Iraq was less a military event than a psychological one .
Militarily , the quantity of forces to be inserted — some 30,000 on top of a force of 120,000 — did not change the basic metrics of war in a country of about 29 million .
Moreover , the insertion of additional troops was far from a surge ; they trickled in over many months .
Psychologically , however , it was stunning .
Rather than commence withdrawals as so many expected , the United States was actually increasing its forces .
The issue was not whether the United States could defeat all of the insurgents and militias ; that was not possible .
The issue was that because the United States was not leaving , the United States was not irrelevant .
If the United States was not irrelevant , then at least some American guarantees could have meaning .
And that made the United States a political actor in Iraq .
Petraeus combined the redeployment of some troops with an active political program .
At the heart of this program was reaching out to the Sunni insurgents , who had been among the most violent opponents of the United States during 2003 - 2006 .
The Sunni insurgents represented the traditional leadership of the mainstream Sunni tribes , clans and villages .
The U.S. policy of stripping the Sunnis of all power in 2003 and apparently leaving a vacuum to be filled by the Shia had left the Sunnis in a desperate situation , and they had moved to resistance as guerrillas .
The Sunnis actually were trapped by three forces .
First , there were the Americans , always pressing on the Sunnis even if they could not crush them .
Second , there were the militias of the Shia , a group that the Sunni Saddam Hussein had repressed and that now was suspicious of all Sunnis .
Third , there were the jihadists , a foreign legion of Sunni fighters drawn to Iraq under the banner of al Qaeda .
In many ways , the jihadists posed the greatest threat to the mainstream Sunnis , since they wanted to seize leadership of the Sunni communities and radicalize them .
U.S. policy under former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld had been unbending hostility to the Sunni insurgency .
The policy under Gates and Petraeus after 2006 — and it must be understood that they developed this strategy jointly — was to offer the Sunnis a way out of their three - pronged trap .
Because the United States would be staying in Iraq , it could offer the Sunnis protection against both the jihadists and the Shia .
And because the surge convinced the Sunnis that the United States was not going to withdraw , they took the deal .
Petraeus ' great achievement was presiding over the U.S. - Sunni negotiations and eventual understanding , and then using that to pressure the Shiite militias with the implicit threat of a U.S. - Sunni entente .
The Shia subsequently and painfully shifted their position to accepting a coalition government , the mainstream Sunnis helped break the back of the jihadists and the civil war subsided , allowing the United States to stage a withdrawal under much more favorable circumstances .
This was a much better outcome than most would have thought possible in 2006 .
It was , however , an outcome that fell far short of American strategic goals of 2003 .
The current government in Baghdad is far from pro-American and is unlikely to be an ally of the United States ; keeping it from becoming an Iranian tool would be the best outcome for the United States at this point .
The United States certainly is not about to reshape Iraqi society , and Iraq is not likely to be a long - term base for U.S. offensive operations in the region .
Gates and Petraeus produced what was likely the best possible outcome under the circumstances .
They created the framework for a U.S. withdrawal in a context other than a chaotic civil war , they created a coalition government , and they appear to have blocked Iranian influence in Iraq .
But these achievements remain uncertain .
The civil war could resume .
The coalition government might collapse .
The Iranians might become the dominant force in Baghdad .
But these unknowns are enormously better than the outcomes expected in 2006 .
At the same time , snatching uncertainty from the jaws of defeat is not the same as victory .
Afghanistan and Lessons from Iraq Petraeus is arguing that the strategy pursued in Iraq should be used as a blueprint in Afghanistan , and it appears that Obama and Gates have raised a number of important questions in response .
Is the Iraqi solution really so desirable ?
If it is desirable , can it be replicated in Afghanistan ?
What level of U.S. commitment would be required in Afghanistan , and what would this cost in terms of vulnerabilities elsewhere in the world ?
And finally , what exactly is the U.S. goal in Afghanistan ?
In Iraq , Gates and Petraeus sought to create a coalition government that , regardless of its nature , would facilitate a U.S. withdrawal .
Obama and Gates have stated that the goal in Afghanistan is the defeat of al Qaeda and the denial of bases for the group in Afghanistan .
This is a very different strategic goal than in Iraq , because this goal does not require a coalition government or a reconciliation of political elements .
Rather , it requires an agreement with one entity : the Taliban .
If the Taliban agree to block al Qaeda operations in Afghanistan , the United States will have achieved its goal .
Therefore , the challenge in Afghanistan is using U.S. power to give the Taliban what they want — a return to power — in exchange for a settlement on the al Qaeda question .
In Iraq , the Shia , Sunnis and Kurds all held genuine political and military power .
In Afghanistan , the Americans and the Taliban have this power , though many other players have derivative power from the United States .
Afghan President Hamid Karzai is not Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki ; where al - Maliki had his own substantial political base , Karzai is someone the Americans invented to become a focus for power in the future .
But the future has not come .
The complexities of Iraq made a coalition government possible there , but in many ways , Afghanistan is both simpler and more complex .
The country has a multiplicity of groups , but in the end only one insurgency that counts .
Petraeus argues that the U.S. strategic goal — blocking al Qaeda in Afghanistan — cannot be achieved simply through an agreement with the Taliban .
In this view , the Taliban are not nearly as divided as some argue , and therefore their factions cannot be played against each other .
Moreover , the Taliban cannot be trusted to keep their word even if they give it , which is not likely .
From Petraeus ' view , Gates and Obama are creating the situation that existed in pre-surge Iraq .
Rather than stunning Afghanistan psychologically with the idea that the United States is staying , thereby causing all the parties to reconsider their positions , Obama and Gates have done the opposite .
They have made it clear that Washington has placed severe limits on its willingness to invest in Afghanistan , and made it appear that the United States is overly eager to make a deal with the one group that does not need a deal : the Taliban .
Gates and Obama have pointed out that there is a factor in Afghanistan for which there was no parallel in Iraq — namely , Pakistan .
While Iran was a factor in the Iraqi civil war , the Taliban are as much a Pakistani phenomenon as an Afghan one , and the Pakistanis are neither willing nor able to deny the Taliban sanctuary and lines of supply .
So long as Pakistan is in the condition it is in — and Pakistan likely will stay that way for a long time — the Taliban have time on their side and no reason to split , and are likely to negotiate only on their terms .
There is also a military fear .
Petraeus brought U.S. troops closer to the population in Iraq , and he is doing this in Afghanistan as well .
U.S. forces in Afghanistan are deployed in firebases .
These relatively isolated positions are vulnerable to massed Taliban forces .
U.S. airpower can destroy these concentrations , so long as they are detected in time and attacked before they close in on the firebases .
Ominously for the United States , the Taliban do not seem to have committed anywhere near the majority of their forces to the campaign .
This military concern is combined with real questions about the endgame .
Gates and Obama are not convinced that the endgame in Iraq , perhaps the best outcome that was possible there , is actually all that desirable for Afghanistan .
In Afghanistan , this outcome would leave the Taliban in power in the end .
No amount of U.S. troops could match the Taliban 's superior intelligence capability , their knowledge of the countryside and their willingness to take casualties in pursuing their ends , and every Afghan security force would be filled with Taliban agents .
And there is a deeper issue yet that Gates has referred to : the Russian experience in Afghanistan .
The Petraeus camp is vehement that there is no parallel between the Russian and American experience ; in this view , the Russians tried to crush the insurgents , while the Americans are trying to win them over and end the insurgency by convincing the Taliban 's supporters and reaching a political accommodation with their leaders .
Obama and Gates are less sanguine about the distinction — such distinctions were made in Vietnam in response to the question of why the United States would fare better in Southeast Asia than the French did .
From the Obama and Gates point of view , a political settlement would call for either a constellation of forces in Afghanistan favoring some accommodation with the Americans , or sufficient American power to compel accommodation .
But it is not clear to Obama and Gates that either could exist in Afghanistan .
Ultimately , Petraeus is charging that Obama and Gates are missing the chance to repeat what was done in Iraq , while Obama and Gates are afraid Petraeus is confusing success in Iraq with a universal counterinsurgency model .
To put it differently , they feel that while Petraeus benefited from fortuitous circumstances in Iraq , he quickly could find himself hopelessly bogged down in Afghanistan .
The Pentagon on May 11 announced that U.S. commander in Afghanistan Gen. David McKiernan would be replaced , less than a year after he took over , with Lt. Gen. Stan McChrystal .
McKiernan 's removal could pave the way for a broader reshuffling of Afghan strategy by the Obama administration .
The most important issues concern the extent to which Obama wants to stake his presidency on Petraeus ' vision in Afghanistan , and how important Afghanistan is to U.S. grand strategy .
Petraeus has conceded that al Qaeda is in Pakistan .
Getting the group out of Pakistan requires surgical strikes .
Occupation and regime change in Pakistan are way beyond American abilities .
The question of what the United States expects to win in Afghanistan — assuming it can win anything there — remains .
In the end , there is never a debate between U.S. presidents and generals .
Even MacArthur discovered that .
It is becoming clear that Obama is not going to bet all in Afghanistan , and that he sees Afghanistan as not worth the fight .
Petraeus is a soldier in a fight , and he wants to win .
But in the end , as Clausewitz said , war is an extension of politics by other means .
As such , generals tend to not get their way .
When the rest of the world waits , holding its breath , for the start of the large hadron collider in Europe , those Russian people decided not to wait , but to built a prototype of the collider by themselves .
As for the choice of the material there was not a big choice , they decided to follow local traditions and make it out of wood , why not ?
As well , as its larger brother , Russian Wooden Collider is not finnished yet .
The main thing is to connect wires correctly , in order not to miss that Higgs particle .
Russian wooden collider is much greener , than its Western pal .
As you can see on this image it uses wide range of renewable technologies , such as self - powered wooden wind powe generators , and the wood itself is not toxic and can be used even by kids and people with wide range of allergies , except of the sawdust allergy affectees .
This project is a collaborated effort by Moscow initiators and countryside locals , all joined by one great purpose and team spirit .
And it all has started just with few sketches .
And then , before getting the whole concept to its field testing it was carefully tasted in indoors labs , as any scientific object should be nowadays .
“ This project is a big leap forward in using renewable materials in particle physics .
Just imagine no need for the shielding against dangerous Alpha- Beta - rays , no need for high voltages and pollution of the environment caused by all the plastics and metal parts production .
Literary , anyone can go and build his collider from the saw wood , which is widely available across the country .
And if you ask me if it is not dangerous , that anyone can build such hi-tech device in his back yard , I tell you we have nothing to fair .
All those rumours about the possibility of opening black hole portal to forth dimension when the particles collide is bull , especially it ’s not worth any speculation in our case , when the wood is used – it wo n’t contradict the nature itself , and nature as you know , is a great power ” , tells the Wooden Physics expert .
via pollisky
via
In the list below you can see some more previously mentioned products made of wood in Russia :
A Sydney cabbie who raped three female passengers is an " honest , caring person who would not harm a soul " , a judge has been told .
Fatima Kazan also said her brother - in - law , Hassan Nagi , was " very , very sorry " for his offences .
Raped three women ... Hassan Nagi . Credit : Kate Geraghty
She was giving evidence in the Downing Centre District Court on Wednesday at the sentencing hearing of Nagi , 37 , of Bexley .
Nagi has pleaded guilty to raping three women , aged 31 , 23 , and 27 , in 2003 , 2006 and 2007 .
The Amazon Kindle 2's release in February was attended by much fanfare and controversy : Kindle customers were delighted to discover that Amazon had upgraded the Kindle 's feature - set so that it could use a credible text - to - speech synthesiser to read the books aloud .
This set off the Authors Guild ( an organisation that is also on record as opposing making books searchable through Google , and making used books available through Amazon ) , who claimed that Amazon was in violation of copyright , since only the rightsholder could authorise an " audiobook adaptation " of a book .
As a point of law , I think that the Authors Guild is just wrong here , for the obvious reasons that :
1 . It 's not an infringement for a Kindle owner to use technology privately to modify a copyrighted work .
If you own a painting , you can take a photo of it to carry around in your wallet – without paying the painter any extra .
You can rip your CDs at home without the musician 's permission .
And you can use a technology to convert an ebook to a text - to - speech audiobook in your home without paying the author or getting his or her permission .
The question gets murkier if we 're talking about selling or giving away those photos , MP3s , and audio editions , but that 's not what the Guild objects to — they say that the conversion itself infringes copyright .
2 . Even if I 'm wrong and it is an infringement to convert an ebook to a text - to - speech reading , Amazon 's hands are clean , because the infringer is the person who presses the " read aloud " button – that is , the Kindle owner .
Xerox does n't have to make photocopiers that only copy public domain works .
Apple does n't have to make a version of iTunes that only rips CDs you own , and rejects ones you 've borrowed off your mates .
Microsoft can ship Windows without making sure that the files in the file - system do n't infringe on copyright .
The Mozilla Foundation can give away versions of Firefox , even though the browser can just as handily be used to download infringing material as non-infringing material .
But ultimately , the legality of the feature is irrelevant – as is the nonsensical discussion about whether the Kindle 's text - to - speech is ( or will someday be ) as good as a commercial , human - generated audiobook ( the answers being , " No , " and " The day that artificial intelligence gives us perfect Kindle readings , we 'll have bigger fish to fry than audiobook rights " ) .
The reason it 's irrelevant is that Amazon wants to get licenses from members of the Authors Guild in order to sell their books in the Kindle store .
And when Amazon goes to those members , they can simply say , " No , I wo n't let you sell my books because the Kindle has a text - to - speech capability and I do n't like it . "
No need to go into bizarre , long - winded speculations about whether copyright law requires Amazon to build copyright enforcement into its devices , or whether Jeff Bezos 's crack team of AI wizards at Amazon are about to unleash an army of superintelligent artificial voice - actors , sandwiched within the Kindle 's slender chassis .
The Authors Guild can simply say : " We advise our members to withhold licenses from the Kindle store because we think the Kindle format is bad for our business . "
Now , I happen to disagree with that position because I do n't think that text - to - speech is a substitute for audiobooks for the majority of listeners , and because the value of text - to - speech is such that people will buy enough ebooks to offset any losses from substitution , and , most importantly , authors who oppose this feature look like grasping , greedy jerks and will alienate their readers .
Maybe I 'm right and maybe I 'm wrong , but the important thing is , we do n't need new theories about copyright law to test the proposition .
The existing , totally non-controversial aspect of copyright law that says , " Amazon ca n't publish and sell my book without my permission " covers the territory nicely .
But while we were all running our mouths about the plausibility of the singularity emerging from Amazon 's text - to - speech R&D , a much juicier issue was escaping our notice : it is technically possible for Amazon to switch off the text - to - speech feature for some or all books .
That 's a hell of a thing , is n't it ?
Now that Amazon has agreed with the Authors Guild that text - to - speech will only be switched on for authors who sign a contract permitting it , we should all be goggling in amazement at the idea that this can be accomplished .
After all , the Kindle customers who 've already received their units , bought devices that were advertised as " capable of reading Kindle books aloud " , not " reading some Kindle books aloud " .
The only ways that Amazon could accomplish this is :
1 . If they had anticipated this outcome and secretly enabled this feature before shipping the Kindles – effectively engaging in false advertising , or ;
2 . If they can force you to downgrade your Kindle to remove the feature ( possibly by ending your ongoing access to the Kindle store , or even by terminating your access to your existing Kindle books ) .
Neither of these should inspire confidence in the Kindle as a long - term device .
Dropping $ 359 ( £ 251 ) on a device whose features are subject to the outcomes of ongoing negotiations to which you are not a party is , frankly , nuts .
Would you buy a car if it was known that your air - conditioner and stereo system could be remotely disabled ?
Or if we suddenly discovered that the manufacturer could remotely lock you out of your boot in order to assuage some pressure group who'd rather you no longer be allowed to carry parcels around ?
It 's one thing for next year 's model to ship without the fantastic stereo system but it's another thing entirely for the manufacturer to rip it out of your dashboard after you 've bought it .
If I were running the Authors Guild , this would be my number one issue : we can't afford to allow our books to be used to lure readers into purchasing devices that can turn against them .
Because whatever bad feelings arise from this , some of them will surely be visited upon us .
Novelists know that a gun on the mantelpiece in act one is apt to go off by the third act .
If we want to talk about potential outcomes for Amazon , then one in which the company disappears , changes hands , or loses its mind should get far more consideration from us than the possibility that it will mastermind major technological breakthroughs in machine - speech synthesis .
And on the day that Amazon goes crazy , goes under , or goes to the dogs , our readers – the people whose long - term goodwill we depend on to earn our livings – face the possibility of having their Kindles arbitrarily downgraded , refeatured , or otherwise modified to attack them and the books they 've bought from us .
If I were running the Authors Guild , I 'd be sounding the alarm to my members to license their ebooks only for formats and devices that give our readers – our customers – a fair deal that makes them glad to have supported us .
A gallery of screenshots from the latest build of Apple 's upcoming Mac OS X 10.6 Snow Leopard operating system showcases a handful of minor design tweaks that have been reported around the web in recent weeks .
The screenshots , published by World of Apple , come from Mac OS X 10.6 build 10A261 , which was released to members of Apple 's developer connection earlier this month .
New Keyboard Shortcuts Preference Pane
While it 's rumored that Apple is keeping some more significant interface changes close to its chest at this time , a handful of subtle refinements have cropped up in versions of the software provided to third party developers , such as a revised Keyboard Shortcuts Preference pane modeled after the Finder , with commands organized into categories displayed in the left - hand column .
[ :: Description redacted at the request of Apple : :]
Snow Leopard 's Keyboard Shortcuts panel has been redesigned with clarity in mind | Source : World of Apple .
New Put Back function
[ :: Description redacted at the request of Apple : :]
Put Back will return items placed in the Trash to their original location in the Mac OS X file system | Source : World of Apple .
Navigating Folders in Stacks
[ :: Description redacted at the request of Apple : :]
Snow Leopard will offer an interface for navigating nested folders in Stacks view | Source : World of Apple .
A video demonstrating this functionality has also been published .
Early release unlikely
Meanwhile , rumors of an early release of Snow Leopard are unlikely to come to pass .
A presentation slide from one Apple director had raised hopes for a public release sometime during the first quarter of 2009 , though developers speaking to both World of Apple and AppleInsider suggest this wo n't be technically possible given the current state of the software , which still requires considerable refinement .
Another rumor that may not come true , at least in its reported form , is the inclusion of QuickTime Pro features in the complimentary version of QuickTime Player that 's due to ship with Snow Leopard .
Since reports on the matter first surfaced earlier this month , people familiar with previous Mac OS X beta tests have reported that Apple routinely enabled Pro features in versions of QuickTime Player seeded with builds of both Mac OS X 10.4 Tiger and 10.5 Leopard to provide developers unfettered access to test those functions .
QuickLook Icons
The Metropolitan Police has confirmed it is ending its investigation into who leaked politicians ' expenses information to the media .
The Met's Economic and Specialist Crime Command met lawyers from the Crown Prosecution Service yesterday to discuss misuse of Parliamentary expenses .
The group will meet again , but for now there has been no decision to start an investigation .
Meanwhile , the police have decided to drop any investigation into who leaked the information and how they got it , presumably from a secure computer .
The Met said : " We have considered a range of offences and although the leak of documents is not something that the MPS ( Met Police Service ) would condone , we have looked at the likelihood of a successful prosecution and whether a prosecution is appropriate given other potential sanctions that might be available . "
The Met explained the decision : " The public interest defence would be likely to prove a significant hurdle . "
Police noted that the documents were not related to national security , and were mainly due to be released anyway .
It is believed that an ex-SAS man , John Wick , acted as middleman in selling the discs on .
Although much of the information was due to be released anyway the issue of " flipping " - switching your main residence so as to claim for maintenance and improvements - was only revealed because the uncensored forms were released .
After watching this government 's repeated failure to look after our private data , it is hard to feel sympathy when information about how they pissed our money up the wall is leaked .
In not entirely unrelated news , the Speaker of the House Michael Martin has resigned .
In an extremely brief statement Martin said the House was at its best when united , and in order to maintain that unity he would relinquish the post of speaker .
He quits 21 June , and there will be an election for a new speaker on 22 June . ®
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
To operate in remote areas , some equipment had to run on a car battery A genetic map of Africa - the continent from which all modern humans originate - has provided information about its huge diversity of language and culture .
It is the result of the largest African genetic study ever undertaken .
The work revealed the continent to be the most genetically diverse place on Earth , and identified descendents of our earliest human ancestors .
The international team of scientists describe their 10 - year study in the journal Science .
The team , led by Sarah Tishkoff from the University of Pennsylvania , studied genetic material from 121 African populations .
They collected over 3,000 samples , and identified 14 " ancestral population clusters " .
These are groups of populations with common genetic ancestry , who share ethnicity and similarities in both their culture and the properties of their languages .
" This is a spectacular insight into the history of African populations and therefore the history of mankind , " said Muntaser Ibrahim , a researcher from the University of Khartoum , who was also involved in the study .
The team looked at individual ancestry , or genetic similarities in their samples , by comparing the frequencies of more than 1,000 DNA markers - sections of the DNA code that are known to reveal common genetic heritage .
" In the past , [ geneticists ] studied just a few Africans , and suggested they were representative of the continent , but we 've found that no population is representative of all of this diversity , " said Dr Tishkoff .
" Our goal has been to do research that will benefit Africans , " she said .
" I hope this will set the stage for future genomics research there , and future biomedical research . "
The completion of the study could enable such research , allowing the link between genes and disease to be properly studied .
" The genetic variants we 've identified may play a role in disease susceptibility and the different ways in which people respond to drugs , " Dr Tishkoff explained .
Remote research
Her team had to gather genetic samples from some of the continent 's most remote communities .
To extract the important information from blood samples , they have to be " spun down " , using a centrifuge to produce a pellet containing the DNA .
" In the most remote areas , we used a centrifuge that plugged into a car battery , " Dr Tishkoff recalled .
Largely as a result of these difficulties , a large amount of the group 's data comes from populations that have never previously been studied genetically .
This is the first time we have had the genetic data to reconstruct migration events
Sarah Tishkoff
University of Pennsylvania
This allows the map to provide an entirely new link between biology , and existing anthropology and linguistic information .
The research also located the origin of modern human migration in south - western Africa , near the coastal border of Namibia and Angola .
This is based on the widely - accepted theory that the highest level of genetic diversity is in the oldest population - the one that has had the longest to evolve .
The site is the homeland of the indigenous San communities , Dr Tishkoff explained .
" It 's not surprising but it 's a very neat finding because the San have already been shown to have the oldest genetic lineages , suggesting they may be descendents of a population ancestral to all modern humans . "
Genetic reconstruction
The data has revealed a great deal about the history of the continent .
" This is the first time we have had the genetic data to reconstruct migration events , " Dr Tishkoff commented .
Her team , which represented an variety of academic disciplines , showed how genetic and linguistic diversity have co-evolved .
This analysis revealed some surprises .
" The Masai people [ in Kenya ] , for example , have maintained their traditional language and pastoral lifestyle , but genetically they 've mixed a lot with populations from Ethiopia [ who speak a different language ] , " said Dr Tishkoff .
The researchers also took samples from four African American populations , and traced their African ancestry .
This was , as expected , mostly pinned down to West Africa .
Mark Thomas from the Department of Genetics , Evolution and Environment at UCL praised the study , and said that the level of diversity discovered was " broadly what we would expect " .
He added that because the origins of African American ancestry can be seen " all the way from Senegal down to Angola , it will be a long time before a DNA test will be able to identify someone 's ancestral origin .
" That 's despite the ridiculous claims of some of these DNA testing companies . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Obama 's Stealth Middle East Peace Plan
Netanyahu and Obama in the Oval Office yesterday .
( Marvin Joseph / The Post )
Yesterday 's public exchange of remarks between President Obama and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu offered no indication of progress towards peace in the Middle East -- maybe even the opposite .
Israel 's new , hawkish leader refused to even utter the phrase " two - state solution , " demanded concessions from the Palestinians without expressing any interest whatsoever in making any of his own , and focused primarily on the Iranian nuclear threat .
Obama spoke vaguely of his confidence that progress could be made in the " days , weeks and months to come , " and of potentially engaging Arab states and " realign[ing ] interests in the region in a constructive way . "
But that was just empty words , right ?
Perhaps not .
Yitzhak Benhorin writes for Ynet News that Netanyahu met with Israeli reporters after the meeting and reported that Obama told him " that he intends to promote a new regional peace initiative for the Middle East ....[ T ]he prime minister said that his understanding the regional component will be the key focal point of the new initiative .
It will likely be presented in Obama 's planned June 4th speech in Cairo . "
Hilary Leila Krieger and Herb Keinon write for the Jerusalem Post that Netanyahu " termed the plan ' interesting , ' and said that it would involve not just the Palestinians and Israelis , but also a number of moderate Arab states . "
This sounds like the initiative that Jordan 's King Abdullah was talking about last week .
Richard Beeston and Michael Binyon wrote in the Times of London : " America is putting the final touches to a hugely ambitious peace plan for the Middle East , aimed at ending more than 60 years of conflict between Israel and the Arabs , according to Jordan 's King Abdullah , who is helping to bring the parties together .
" The Obama Administration is pushing for a comprehensive peace agreement that would include settling Israel 's conflict with the Palestinians and its territorial disputes with Syria and Lebanon , King Abdullah II told The Times .
Failure to reach agreement at this critical juncture would draw the world into a new Middle East war next year .
' If we delay our peace negotiations , then there is going to be another conflict between Arabs or Muslims and Israel in the next 12 - 18 months , ' the King said ....
" The initiative could form the centrepiece for Mr Obama 's much - anticipated address to the Muslim world in Cairo on June 4 .
A peace conference could then take place involving all the parties as early as July or August ...
" ' What we are talking about is not Israelis and Palestinians sitting at the table , but Israelis sitting with Palestinians , Israelis sitting with Syrians , Israelis sitting with Lebanese , ' said the King , who hatched the plan with Mr Obama in Washington last month .
He added that , if Mr Obama did not make good his promise for peace , then his credibility would evaporate overnight .
" The Israeli Government has so far rejected any moves that would lead to a two - state solution , the creation of a Palestinian state living side by side with Israel , but the King insisted that what was being proposed was a ' 57 - state solution ' , whereby the Arab and entire Muslim world would recognise the Jewish state as part of the deal . "
AFP reports that Abdullah told a session of the World Economic Forum last week in Jordan : " The Arab peace initiative has offered Israel a place in the neighbourhood and more : acceptance by 57 nations , the one - third of the UN members that do not recognise Israel " -- in return for the creation of an independent Palestinian state in the West Bank and Gaza Strip .
There are 57 countries in the Islamic Conference .
The Times predicted that details of the plan would likely to be thrashed out in a series of meetings -- starting with the one between Obama and Netanyahu .
The recognition by the Arab states could conceivably be a powerful incentive for Israel .
Netanyahu told Ynet News , for instance , " that Israel shares Obama 's view that as many Arab nations as possible should be included in the Palestinian process , ' so that they talk directly to Israel . ' "
Reuters reported last week : " Among Arab states , only Egypt , Jordan and Mauritania have diplomatic relations with Israel .
Most Muslim countries avoid political , economic ties and even diplomatic ties . "
Jason Burke , Ewan MacCaskill and Rory McCarthy wrote in Sunday 's Observer : " The real strength of Obama 's strategy lies in the regional dimension .
His team is following the dictum ' If you can't solve a problem , make it bigger ' .
Their aim is to dilute the knotty intricacies of the Israeli - Palestinian dispute in a broader environment , in the hope that regional powers such as Jordan and Egypt can offer Israel incentives that the weakened Palestinians cannot or will not give .
" By linking all the various elements of the complex matrix of conflicts and rivalries that comprise Middle Eastern politics , the White House hopes to get something , somewhere , to give .
" Some of those blocks might be clearing .
Moderate Arab states such as Jordan and Egypt , as well as US allies like Saudi Arabia , are concerned both by the continuing threat of radical Islamic violence and by Iran 's bid for regional primacy and may be prepared to make concessions themselves or press the Palestinians to do so . "
There 's also an Iranian angle .
Tim McGirk writes for Time : " Obama wants to rally Arab nations to create a bloc against Iran 's nuclear ambitions , and he thinks that the only way to bring the Arabs on board is to achieve headway on the Israeli - Palestinian conflict ....
" He has his sights on a regional peace initiative , roping in moderate Arab states , which he will unveil on June 4 in Cairo .
Obama knows that his plan will succeed or flop depending on Israel 's willingness to make concessions to the Palestinians . "
Next week , before his trip to Cairo , Obama is hosting Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas at the White House .
As for Iran , Sheryl Gay Stolberg writes in the New York Times : " President Obama said Monday that he expected to know by the end of the year whether Iran was making ' a good - faith effort to resolve differences ' in talks aimed at ending its nuclear program , signaling to Israel as well as Iran that his willingness to engage in diplomacy over the issue has its limits .
" ' We 're not going to have talks forever , ' Mr. Obama told Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel after a two - hour session in
the Oval Office ....
" Mr. Netanyahu and Mr. Obama came to the meeting with competing goals : Mr. Obama wanted Mr. Netanyahu to embrace a two - state solution to the Israel - Palestinian conflict , and Mr. Netanyahu wanted Mr. Obama to take a strong stand on the threat to Israel 's security posed by Iran .
Some independent experts said afterward that Mr. Netanyahu appeared to have succeeded . "
Aluf Benn writes for Haaretz : " Netanyahu said he hopes ' Obama will succeed ' in his talks with Iran , but this is a diplomatic phrase .
It is doubtful that he believes the Iranians will suddenly become nice and give up their nuclear program just because Obama talks with them .
" In practice , this means that Netanyahu agreed to give Obama until the end of the year .
Then , if Iran 's nuclear program is still proceeding , Israel will consider ' other options . ' "
And in a related development , Joby Warrick and R. Jeffrey Smith write in The Washington Post : " A planned U.S. missile shield to protect Europe from a possible Iranian attack would be ineffective against the kinds of missiles Iran is likely to deploy , according to a joint analysis by top U.S. and Russian scientists .
The U.S. - Russian team also judged that it would be more than five years before Iran is capable of building both a nuclear warhead and a missile capable of carrying it over long distances .
And if Iran attempted such an attack , the experts say , it would ensure its own destruction . "
In this article , I conclude my status report on the development of some of the most active notation software projects for Linux .
MuseScore
In one sense , MuseScore is the " odd man out " in this article .
It does not employ LilyPond in any way , but it does support MusicXML .
That support gives it an entry into the LilyPond environment by way of LilyPond 's musicxml2ly utility .
However , MuseScore is intended to be a complete workspace for the composer who wants a true WYSIWYG music notation environment for writing and printing scores .
The program thus supports the same range of features seen in other notation programs , but it handles its printing functions internally , without assistance from external applications or utilities .
MuseScore supports an unlimited number of staves ( with up to four voices per staff ) ; note entry by mouse , keyboard or MIDI device ; import / export of MusicXML and MIDI files ; immediate audition and score playback ; and extensive language integration ( 14 languages supported so far ) .
Figure 4 . MuseScore 0.9.5
MuseScore is available in binary packages for Debian , Ubuntu and Windows .
Program dependencies are not strenuous , but they include up - to - date versions of Qt , X11 , ALSA and ( once again ) the cmake build utility .
The fluidsynth soundfont synthesizer is required for internal playback , but it is not absolutely necessary .
MuseScore is a GPL 'd application , so , of course , the source code also is available ( along with some helpful instructions on building the program on Ubuntu systems ) .
I apologize to MuseScore users for not going into the program in further detail .
However , MuseScore is very easy to learn , and I found myself using it without consulting the documentation at all .
Of all the programs presented here , MuseScore has a " look and feel " closest to the actual pen and paper process of score preparation , and it does live up to its description as a true WYSIWYG music notation editor .
NtEd
Although Dr. Joerg Anders ceased development of his original NoteEdit , he eventually decided to revive his work toward a WYSIWYG notation editor for Linux .
NtEd is the excellent result of those efforts .
As we might expect , NtEd 's user interface is heavily indebted to NoteEdit .
However , significant changes in the development track indicate that NtEd is its own project with its own unique goals .
The GUI is now based on the Cairo libraries ; MusicXML files can be imported , and a neat " floating toolbox " has been added for faster program operation .
Figure 5 . NtEd 1.5.0
NtEd works more or less like the other applications profiled here .
Symbols are placed on or removed from a staff with keyboard , mouse or file input , and scores can be printed directly from the program .
Alternately , you can export your work to a variety of graphics formats ( including SVG , PNG , PDF and PostScript ) or as a MIDI file .
And , of course , you also can export your work in the LilyPond file format .
The original NoteEdit neatly resolved the problem of working with multiple voices within a single staff .
While editing , users can choose one of four voice selectors to create a wholly independent part — that is , symbols will have their own stem directions and other unique characteristics .
NtEd is generally smart enough to represent difficult symbol concatenations , and , of course , its LilyPond export gives users the opportunity to fine - tune their publication - ready scores .
NtEd is available in packages for Fedora 9 , OpenSUSE , Debian and Slackware .
The source package requires no unusual dependencies and can be compiled easily on any mainstream Linux system with the libraries and development packages for GCC , ALSA , Cairo and GTK .
The NtEd Web site provides complete instructions for building the program ; see that site for the latest news regarding the build procedure .
This program is truly a superb work , representing the enormous efforts of its developer to provide a notation editor with high - quality features and an easily apprehended user interface .
Version 1.5.0 continues to expand its already considerable feature set , and it appears that the good doctor has some fine plans in store for his creation .
I look forward to seeing and using his improvements .
Noteflight
Just as I put the final touches to this article , fellow LAU member David Baron posted a message regarding Noteflight , a new Web - based music notation service .
Alas , I was unable to test Noteflight , but I wanted to let my readers know about it .
According to the Web description Noteflight is :
... a full - featured application that displays , edits , prints and plays back music notation in any standard Web browser .
You can create your own scores , choose to share them with others , or publish them to Noteflight 's browsable , searchable online library of music .
The software is already at release stage 1.0 and runs on designated browsers for Windows , Linux and Mac .
Alas , it is not software libre , but it is available at no cost for individual users .
One more thing : Noteflight 's advisory board includes the legendary Donald Byrd , a famous name in the development of music notation software .
With his imprimatur on the program , I 'm inclined to look into it in some depth .
I 'll work up a report about Noteflight as soon as possible , but in the meantime , my readers should feel free to post their own reports in the Comments section below .
Outro
Although it may be argued that Linux does not yet have its own Sibelius or Finale , it must be admitted that Linux notation software developers are working overtime to address that need .
The programs reviewed in this article are growing into wonderful applications , and I advise interested readers to try them all .
If you 're a power user of any of them , be sure to let the developers know what you 'd like to see in their software .
Who knows , we might wind up with something even better than those Win / Mac stalwarts — at least , that 's what I 'd like to see .
Next up : who knows ?
I 'm looking at new developments in ecasound and a new version of Guitarix ( complete with new UI for the latest version of the amazing jconv ) , and I 'm still busy testing features in the latest and greatest versions of Ardour .
By my next article , the Linux Audio Conference 2009 will have completed its course , so perhaps I can get some reports from presenters and attendees .
You 'll just have to check back in a couple of weeks to see what I come up with .
Until that time , stay tuned , breathe , keep your gear clean and your powder dry .
After her husband left and monsoon rains washed away her straw hut , Rowshan Ara felt she had no choice but to head to Bangladesh 's teeming capital .
Now , she and her two small children survive in Dhaka by begging , among countless beggars crowding the city 's broken pavement and traffic - clogged streets .
But Bangladesh 's young government last month ordered a crackdown on begging in public places , imperiling the livelihoods of Ara and tens of thousands of others who make up the poorest of the poor .
The law carries a maximum sentence of three months in jail .
" How will I survive if I can't beg ? " asks Ara .
She worked briefly as a housemaid , but she left that job because employers did n't want her children around and she had nowhere else to leave them .
For a time , she says , she sold her body on the streets , but she refuses to return to that life .
" Now , I beg , " she says from her sidewalk post outside the country 's glitziest shopping mall .
" It 's given me a chance to always keep my kids with me . "
She earns an average of 150 takas ( US $ 2.20 ) a day , enduring long hours in the brutal sun and making just enough to get by .
She does n't know what she 'll do if she 's forced from the streets .
Details on the implementation of the law are still being negotiated , and it's not clear when authorities will begin the crackdown , says Mir Md. Aslam , a spokesman for the Ministry of Social Welfare .
The country 's new government , which came to power in January , aims to eliminate begging completely within five years , says Finance Minister A.M.A. Muhith .
It 's an ambitious goal in one of the world 's poorest countries , and many critics say it is impossible .
Bangladesh 's economy has grown by a steady 6 percent a year in recent years , and Muhith hopes the country can share the recent prosperity enjoyed by India .
The World Bank said in November that the percentage of Bangladeshi people living on less than US $ 1 a day has been reduced to 40 percent from 49 percent in 2000 .
There are no official figures about the number of beggars in Bangladesh .
But numbers from independent researcher Pravash Chandra Das , who now works for Grameen Bank , show that Dhaka , a city of 10 million , has about 100,000 beggars .
Beggars are everywhere in Bangladesh : at busy intersections , crowded train stations , college campuses and mosques of every size .
Many are physically disabled , and in cities they tap on car windows and ride passenger buses looking for change .
In villages , they go door - to - door hoping for alms .
Some critics cheer the government 's hard line against beggars .
" They create public nuisance , " says Zahedul Islam , who works at a public relations firm in Dhaka .
" When I see kids running after a Westerner and touching his clothes and asking for alms , I feel embarrassed .
It 's a shame for the nation . "
Bangladesh is a country plagued with devastating annual monsoons , a history of corrupt governments , and a vast rural population without access to health care or education .
The poor , experts say , live perpetually on the brink of disaster .
" They are trapped in the vicious cycle of poverty , " said Qazi Kholiquzzaman , an economist with the Bangladesh Development Council .
" They are poor , and every year they become poorer , and many of them slowly end up as beggars just to survive . "
Kholiquzzaman said the government 's ban wo n't work , and called for authorities to instead increase development programs for the 25 million poorest people .
Grameen Bank , the small credit agency founded by Nobel laureate Muhammad Yunus , launched a program to loan money to beggars in installments sometimes as small as two taka .
Since the program began in 2002 , 108,000 beggars have received loans , said director Das .
Das said some 16,000 beggars have stopped begging and earn money doing odd jobs like carrying dry fish or cheaply made toys in the same areas where they once used to beg .
" Such steps could yield positive results in stamping out the begging problem , " he says .
" If we can stamp out begging in the future it will ensure a facelift for the country . "
The program only works with beggars in rural areas , and does not cover Dhaka or Chittagong , the second largest city .
Ara said she hopes to be able to stop begging , but she sees no other option for her family .
" Please do n't throw me out of the streets , " she says .
" It 's my home now . "
Investigators said that he slept at a baseball field while in Scranton and had sex with the girl several times there .
After he left , the girl told her parents , who called police .
The beet is the melancholy vegetable , the one most willing to suffer .
You ca n’t squeeze blood out of a turnip . ..
Tom Robbins Jitterbug Perfume
Does that mean that Beets are inherently Klingon ?
Especially when you consider that the Kingons were based on the USSR ….
Obama does n’t like beets but I think they are a perfect food , they are even the name of a fake pop band .
Eastern European countries are especially known for their love of the beet , most notably used in Borscht .
Most Westerners usually roast them in the oven or cut them up into salads or they roast them and then add them to salads .
Beets are also used to sweeten some dishes .
Healthy types enjoy beets not just because of their taste but also because they have many desirable nutritional qualities .
RawVeg .info says they are both detoxifying and full of antioxidants
Beets are another high - antoxidant veggie , with an ORAC score of 1840 , and a total antioxidant concentration of 1.98 .
They contain many healthful substances : betaine ( aka : trimethylglycine , TMG ) , betalains , betacyanin , betanin , folate , iron , and fiber .
Betaine helps convert homocysteine into methionine , preventing heart disease .
Beet fiber seems to be particularly health - promoting .
Pectin , a soluble fiber in beets , binds toxins , heavy metals , and excess hormones that have been dumped into the gut from the liver .
The toxins are passed out instead of being reabsorbed .
Some people say that beets can even extend your life .
I like to buy them at the farmer ’s market with the greens attached because then it is two meals for the price of one .
The beet greens have a similar nutritional profile to Swiss chard and mixed with the beet root they are pretty much an unstoppable force of goodness .
Cruising the net the other day I came across a very strange recipe that utilized both the root and the leafy part in a pasta dish .
Beets and Greens pasta moved to the top of my list of recipes to try since I just got some at the farmer ’s market on Saturday .
The meal was quick , easy , and fantastic .
Mr. Smurf gobbled it down like he had been standing in a line all day waiting for beets .
The noodles turned intensely fuchsia from the beet juice which might even make it kid friendly .
Beets are very earthy tasting though so maybe not .
I changed the recipe just a little bit and later realized how much it resembled a certain Klingon dish so I give you :
Gagh
Ingredients
1 bunch beets , with greens , divided and chopped
1 Tbsp. olive oil
1 small onion , diced
. 5 tsp dried red pepper flakes
5 garlic cloves , peeled and minced
1 cup vegetable broth
3 Tbsp. fresh lemon juice
Zest of 1 lemon
2 Tbsp. each of basil and chives
Salt & pepper
½ lbs linguine
First , get a pot of water going for the pasta and then prep all the other ingredients .
When the water is boiling add cook the pasta according to directions .
Meanwhile , saute the onion and red pepper flakes until the onions are soft .
Then add the garlic and the beet roots .
After another minute or two when the beets are soft add the broth , the zest , and the beet greens .
Cover and cook until the greens are wilted .
Add the herbs , the lemon juice , salt and pepper and cook for another minute before you toss with the pasta .
Enjoy with ( vegan ) Bloodwine !
Petition : We Think RailsConf Sessions Should Be Recorded , Properly
This year , RailsConf brought in a new idea of allowing people to record sessions themselves and upload them to blip.tv .
The problem is , few people are carrying good gear around to conferences , and even fewer want to hold up their Flip HDs throughout a whole session .
Other Ruby conferences have used the services of the excellent Confreaks conference recording team to bring high quality videos of sessions and presentations to the Web .
For example , consider the videos of MountainWest RubyConf 2009 and acts_as_conference 2009 ; they 're awesome !
High quality , slides shown next to the presenter , the works .
The problem is that companies like Confreaks cost money and some conferences do n't want videos of presentations leaking out .
RailsConf is already partially happy with the latter , though , and if they could spend potentially $ 15 k - $ 25 k for an hour of Tim Ferriss ( this is his quoted rate , though whether they paid this is not known ) , surely < $ 10 k for full video coverage is a bargain .
Update : Turns out it 's not quite THAT cheap .
But see the comments below for responses related to this , including one from Carl Youngblood of Confreaks himself .
If you agree , let O'Reilly hear your voice .
Either state your support on Twitter using the tag #railsconf and say you want the talks filmed , or leave a comment here in support .
At least this way , we can find out if people want the sessions taped , and if so , they 'll have no excuse of not knowing about the demand .
Tweet This Post
Influenza A( H1N1 ) - update 26
12 May 2009 - As of 06:00 GMT , 12 May 2009 , 30 countries have officially reported 5251 cases of influenza A( H1N1 ) infection .
Mexico has reported 2059 laboratory confirmed human cases of infection , including 56 deaths .
The United States has reported 2600 laboratory confirmed human cases , including three deaths .
Canada has reported 330 laboratory confirmed human cases , including one death .
Costa Rica has reported eight laboratory confirmed human cases , including one death .
The following countries have reported laboratory confirmed cases with no deaths - Argentina ( 1 ) , Australia ( 1 ) , Austria ( 1 ) , Brazil ( 8 ) , China ( 2 , comprising 1 in China , Hong Kong Special Administrative Region , and 1 in mainland China ) , Colombia ( 3 ) , Denmark ( 1 ) , El Salvador ( 4 ) , France ( 13 ) , Germany ( 12 ) , Guatemala ( 1 ) , Ireland ( 1 ) , Israel ( 7 ) , Italy ( 9 ) , Japan ( 4 ) , Netherlands ( 3 ) , New Zealand ( 7 ) , Norway ( 2 ) , Panama ( 16 ) , Poland ( 1 ) , Portugal ( 1 ) , Republic of Korea ( 3 ) , Spain ( 95 ) , Sweden ( 2 ) , Switzerland ( 1 ) and the United Kingdom ( 55 ) .
WHO is not recommending travel restrictions related to the outbreak of the influenza A( H1N1 ) virus .
Individuals who are ill should delay travel plans and returning travelers who fall ill should seek appropriate medical care .
These recommendations are prudent measures which can limit the spread of many communicable diseases , including influenza .
Further information on the situation will be available on the WHO web site on a regular basis .
BAGHDAD , Iraq ( CNN ) -- Abu
Ahmed says he was there :
An Iraqi held prisoner at Abu Ghraib by the American military when inmates were abused .
Abu Ahmed says he and other inmates were held naked and forced to stand in their cells .
more photos »
He says he was kept naked and saw other naked inmates stacked onto a pile while photos were taken , photos that would become public and bring shame to the United States .
The pain of the past few years is clearly etched on the man 's face and equally obvious as he talks .
It began October 1 , 2003 , he says , when U.S. troops came to his home and detained him during a sweep of his neighborhood .
The next day , he was processed and put into Abu Ghraib prison in Baghdad .
" They made us take off all our clothes , even our underwear , " recalled the man who is afraid to reveal his identity , instead offering up the alias of Abu Ahmed .
Watch Abu Ahmed tell his story »
" They walked us in front of all the cells , about 50 or 60 cells , in front of all the detainees , in front of the soldiers , of the female soldiers .
They got us in the cells , still naked , and they locked us inside , " he said , tears welling in his eyes .
" They made us stand in the corner of the cell .
We were not allowed to sit down .
We were not even allowed to talk . "
See the photos of the abuse »
That treatment went on and on , Abu Ahmed said .
" For 32 days I was without clothes , even if we wanted to pray , we had to pray naked . "
Abu Ahmed says he saw more abuse from his cell , including one of the incidents captured in one of the infamous photos .
" One day , they brought three or four detainees , maybe more .
They were about 40 years old or older .
They took off their clothes , forced them to climb on top of each other and start taking pictures ... I saw it with my own eyes , " he said .
" Those detainees , I found out , were former Iraqi officers -- they brought them after a fight inside the camps , they brought them because they were very well respected inside the camp , so they humiliated them and returned them to the camp as a message to the others . "
The U.S. military fully admits that the treatment of Iraqis inside Abu Ghraib at that time was unacceptable by its own standards , and that detention centers in Iraq today are run on very different lines .
President George W. Bush declared that the " abhorrent " acts were " a stain on our country 's honor and our country 's reputation . "
They made Americans " sick to our stomachs , " he said in May 2004 , soon after the photos became public .
But Abu Ahmed says it is still hard for him to look at an American .
" Thanks to God , I have the ability to handle worse sights .
I can't blame you for everything that these people did , " he said .
" But , at the end , the American people are responsible for everything that happened , " Abu Ahmed said , referring to the war that he believes turned his life upside down .
Abu Ahmed spent a total of 20 months in U.S. custody , between Abu Ghraib and Camp Bucca , outside Basra in southern Iraq .
He then returned home , where he spent less than five months with his family before being arrested again , this time by the Iraqi army in yet another sweep through his neighborhood .
He says his treatment inside Iraqi facilities was even worse than what he faced at the hands of the U.S. military .
His Iraqi captors , Abu Ahmed says , beat him with cables and pipes ; he even had a cement block hung from his genitals .
Documents issued to him by the U.S. military corroborate many aspects of his story , showing that he was in Abu Ghraib and Camp Bucca during the time he says he was .
He asked us not to contact the Iraqi army to confirm details of his detention , fearing that they might arrest him again .
He does not want any restitution and now works with the Iraqi government , trying to rebuild his life .
Abu Ahmed has never been charged with a single crime .
All About Abu Ghraib • Iraq • Torture
Los Angeles , London , New Delhi , Singapore and Washington DC ( May 21 , 2009 ) –
In comparing ultrasound with other medical imaging methods such as MRI and CT scans , a literature review of published studies in the May / June issue of Journal of Diagnostic Medical Sonography ( JDMS ) describes the use of ultrasound to provide an accurate diagnosis more cost effectively than the alternatives .
Since its first uses in the 1950s , ultrasound has been utilized mostly in hospital settings .
But with the development of less costly , portable equipment , its use has expanded to doctor 's offices , trauma settings , and even to outer space .
The article compares the use of ultrasound to magnetic resonance ( MR ) imaging , computed tomography ( CT ) , contrast angiography ( CA ) , and single - photon emission computed tomography ( SPECT ) .
In addition to evaluating the accuracy and cost effectiveness of ultrasound as compared to other medical imaging techniques , the study reviewed the use of ultrasound in the following applications :
Obstetric and Gynecological
Abdominal
Vascular
Cardiac
Emergency
Disease Diagnosis
" Ultrasound provides the ability to rapidly evaluate and diagnose abnormalities throughout the spectrum of clinical medicine , " write the authors S. Michelle Bierig , MPH , RDCS , RDMS , FASE , FSDMS and Anne Jones , RN , BSN , RVT , RDMS , FSVU .
" Its accuracy and cost - effectiveness in a variety of applications has led to its widespread adoption and use .
The utilization of ultrasound compared to the use of alternative imaging methods leads to increased cost efficiency in the diagnosis and management of patients . "
Source : SAGE Publications
In new study , high school exit exam gets a failing grade
L.A. Cicero Associate Professor Sean Reardon was the lead author of a study released by Stanford 's Institute for Research on Education Policy and Practice that found exit exams have not improved student achievement .
Graduation rates for low - achieving minority students and girls have fallen nearly 20 percentage points since California implemented a law requiring high school students to pass exit exams in order to graduate , according to a new Stanford study .
The new study said that the exit exam , which is first given in 10th grade to help identify students who are struggling academically and need additional instruction to pass the test , has failed to meet one of its primary goals : to significantly improve student achievement .
The study also said the exam is not a fair assessment of the basic skill levels of minority students and girls , because it takes higher skill levels for them to pass the test .
Those are some of the major findings of a 60 - page study released Tuesday by the university 's Institute for Research on Education Policy and Practice .
" Clearly the exam has had a disproportionately negative impact on students of color and girls , " said Sean Reardon , an associate professor of education at Stanford and the study 's lead author .
" That is consistent across all four school districts we studied .
It 's a statewide phenomenon , not just a problem of one or two districts .
These findings are troubling . "
The study also found that the exam does not motivate low - achieving minority students and girls — those who scored in the bottom 25 percent on state standards tests given in the ninth and 10th grades — to work harder and study more in order to earn a diploma .
" There is no evidence that the exit exam policy as currently implemented has any benefits for students , " Reardon said .
" It does not serve students well , and appears to have sharply inequitable effects . "
The exit exam has two sections : mathematics and English language arts .
Students who fail the exam in 10th grade have at least five opportunities to retake the sections they have not passed — twice in 11th and 12th grade , and at least once after high school .
California , like the other two - dozen states with exit exams , spends millions of dollars and a considerable amount of time administering the exam , preparing students to take the test and offering remedial classes to students who fail the exam , the study said .
" Our analysis suggests that , to date , this is neither money nor time well spent , " Reardon and three co-authors wrote .
The researchers found that minority students — blacks , Hispanics and Asians — received lower scores on the exit exam than white students who had the same level of prior and current academic achievement .
They also found that girls received lower scores on the math section of the exit exam than boys who had the same level of prior and current academic achievement .
The researchers ruled out differences in school quality , as well as racial and gender bias in the test , as explanations for the large racial and gender differences found in the study .
Instead , they attributed the differences to a phenomenon known as " stereotype threat , " which prevents minorities and girls from doing as well as they could on the high - stakes test .
While white students and boys may experience stress from fear of failing the test , minority students and girls taking the test " experience stress from two sources : fear of failing the test and concern about proving a negative stereotype , " the study said .
" If exit exam policies like California 's are to be retained it is imperative that they be accompanied by serious efforts to ameliorate their negative effects on minority students and girls , " the researchers wrote .
The study used longitudinal student data from school districts in Fresno , Long Beach , San Diego and San Francisco to estimate the effects of the exit exam requirement on student persistence ( whether students stayed in school through the 11th and 12th grades ) , their academic achievement ( as measured by their scores on another state standardized test given in 11th grade ) , and their graduation rates .
The study compared the persistence , achievement and graduation rates of students who were not subject to the exit exam requirement ( those who were scheduled to graduate in 2005 ) with students who had to pass the test in order to receive high school diplomas ( those who were scheduled to graduate in 2006 and 2007 ) .
Reardon presented the study , " Effects of the California High School Exit Exam on Student Persistence , Achievement and Graduation , " last week at the annual meeting of the American Educational Research Association in San Diego .
The co-authors are Allison Atteberry and Nicole Arshan , doctoral students in Stanford 's School of Education , and Michal Kurlaender , an assistant professor of education at the University of California - Davis .
Republicans say revelations about a CIA briefing Pelosi received in 2002 help Bush 's case .
GOP 's torture strategy : Pelosi
For Democrats pushing an investigation into potential criminal wrongdoing in the war on terrorism , the GOP now has a two - word response : Nancy Pelosi .
Republicans say new revelations about a CIA briefing Pelosi received in 2002 have given them their best shot yet at blocking a sprawling probe into Bush administration interrogation techniques by allowing them to insist that its targets would include the speaker of the House .
Advertisement
“ If someone is going to schedule hearings , I believe that the first witness should be Nancy Pelosi , ” Rep. Pete Hoekstra , the ranking member on the House intelligence committee , told POLITICO .
“ Clearly , she was involved in policy formulation . ”
According to records released last week by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence , Pelosi and other congressional officials were told in 2002 that enhanced interrogation techniques had been used on terrorist suspect Abu Zubaydah .
The report appeared to contradict Pelosi ’s claims — made earlier and again after the report was released — that she had been told only that such techniques might be used in the future , not that they had already been used .
According to a 2005 Justice Department memo released this year by the Obama administration , Zubaydah had been waterboarded 83 times by the time Pelosi was briefed in 2002 .
In light of the intelligence report , Republicans say that any probe into torture should be broadened to include what Pelosi knew and how much influence she had in shaping the Bush administration ’s controversial policies .
The GOP ’s goal , according to congressional Republicans , is to dissuade Democrats from pursuing an inquiry that could lead to the prosecution of Bush administration officials by making it clear to Democrats that Pelosi and other lawmakers would have to testify , too .
Rep. Peter King ( R - N.Y. ) , the top Republican on the House Homeland Security Committee , said in an interview that if Pelosi failed to object to the techniques at the time , she was “ an enabler ” and “ an accomplice ” if any crimes were committed .
If an investigation goes forward , King said , Pelosi should be forced to divulge what she knew .
In a statement Friday , Pelosi said she had been advised at the 2002 briefing about techniques the Bush administration was “ considering using in the future ” — and that she ’d been assured they were legal .
Pelosi also pointed to a letter from CIA Director Leon Panetta saying that the memo ’s description of the briefings “ may not be accurate . ”
Still , Republicans believe they now have Pelosi caught in a jam :
To satisfy her liberal base , she ’s got to keep pressing for an investigation into potential crimes by the Bush administration .
But if Republicans can score points with the “ what did she know and when did she know it ? ” question , Pelosi also may have an interest in putting this issue aside .
“ I ’ll be very curious to see how she deals with it , ” said a senior House GOP aide .
“ Does she stop talking about it and piss off her left ? ”
Nadeam Elshami , a spokesman for the speaker , said Saturday that Republicans are “ trying to politicize intelligence with irresponsible actions ” and that Pelosi still supports an inquiry into the use of the interrogation techniques .
The House and Senate intelligence committees have launched internal reviews , but it ’s unclear whether they will expand beyond classified inquiries .
So far , Democrats seem determined to keep their inquiries focused on the Bush administration .
“ There should be no effort to divert attention from the fundamental question of why this policy was created and who was responsible for its design and execution , ” said Trevor Kincaid , a spokesman for Rep.
Jan Schakowsky ( D - Ill. ) , who chairs an intelligence subcommittee that is taking part in a review of harsh interrogation techniques .
The documents released last week showed that the CIA held 40 briefings for a host of members of Congress from 2002 until March 2009 on the interrogation tactics , but that Pelosi participated only in the first briefing in September 2002 .
She was the top Democrat on the intelligence committee at the time .
Calls for an investigation into potential wrongdoing by Bush administration officials are expected to mount once the Justice Department releases a long - anticipated report on the memos that authorized the tough interrogation techniques .
The report is expected to criticize John Yoo , Jay Bybee and Steven Bradbury , three former top officials in the department ’s Office of Legal Counsel who were the prime authors of the controversial torture memos .
Tennessee Sen. Lamar Alexander , the third - ranking Republican in the Senate , said it ’s only fair to include Pelosi and other Democrats in any investigation that follows .
“ If it ’s fair game to second - guess the lawyers in the Justice Department who were doing their job for doing a legal opinion that was asked for , then it ’s fair game to investigate the intelligence officers who asked for the opinion , the Bush administration officials who approved the interrogation techniques , the members of Congress who might have known about it and the Clinton administration officials who knew about it , including Eric Holder , who was deputy attorney general , ” Alexander said .
He added : “ I believe President Obama ’s first instinct was right when he said we should look forward . ”
The Obama administration has resisted calls from Pelosi and other Democrats in Congress to pursue an investigation into the use of the brutal interrogation techniques — but has not ruled one out .
The intelligence document released last week does not specify the techniques on which Pelosi was briefed , nor does it make any mention of waterboarding .
Nonetheless , Republicans are now prepared to argue that Pelosi bought into — or at least signed off on — what the Bush administration was doing .
“ They were American torture programs — if you want to call them torture — because Republicans and Democrats knew about them , and did nothing to stop them , ” said Hoekstra , who called for the release of additional memos to detail what Pelosi was told in the 2002 briefing .
In a hearing last Thursday before a Senate panel , Alexander pointedly asked Attorney General Eric Holder whether it was safe to assume that the use of the interrogation techniques should be broadened to include members of Congress or the Clinton administration .
“ Hypothetically , that might be true .
I do n’t know , ” Holder said .
Today , we are pulling out some goodies from the archives for everyone .
Every city has its own gang history , part of Chicago 's are Gang cards , most prominent in the 70's and early 80's , back in the day when a gang was more of a neighborhood crew then what it is today .
Fists , bats , and bottles days , before guns became the norm in the gang .
Most of the gangs were just about the neighborhood and hanging out together .
Stock art from the printer as well as some hand drawn illustrations were the back bone of many of the cards .
Some cards are pretty humorous , with some off the wall illustrations , logos , sayings , and rhymes .
They do n't make them like they used to ...
We took some inspiration from the original gang cards and did a little round of our own , revamped cards ...
Labels : art , design , gang cards , history , old chicago , Supervision
In order to read or download Hazardous Materials Data Sheet ebook , you need to create a FREE account .
eBook includes PDF , ePub and Kindle version
A federal judge has ruled that the power of the US president to hold " war on terror " suspects at Guantanamo Bay jail is more limited than the administration would like , paving the way for a legal battle .
In his ruling , Judge John Bates said the US government cannot detain a person merely for having shown " substantial support " for the Taliban or Al Qaeda .
" The government reliance on ' substantial support ' as a basis for detention independent of membership in the Taliban , Al Qaeda or an associated force is rejected , " Judge Bates wrote .
The notion of " substantial support " was put forward in March by the administration of President Barack Obama as reason for the indefinite detentions of " war on terror " suspects without charge .
" There is at this time no justification in ... the law of war for such an approach , " Judge Bates said .
" The government does , however , have the authority to detain ' any person who has committed a belligerent act , ' " he added .
Judge Bates is the fourth out of a dozen federal judges to give his view on the power of the president to detain inmates in Guantanamo without trial .
On the basis of his decision , he can decide whether to free some of the inmates .
About 200 Guantanamo prisoners have challenged their continued detentions and their cases have been shared out among a dozen Washington federal judges .
The Obama administration may now appeal the decision , a move which could go to the Supreme Court if Judge Bates ' more restrictive definition limits the president 's power to hold those arrested during a conflict .
Guantanamo prisoners could also use Judge Bates 's definition to challenge their continued imprisonment .
- AFP
Diabetes : Know Your Numbers
Last week I attended an informative seminar at George Washington University Hospital in Washington , DC on “ Living with Diabetes . ”
It was presented by Dr. Joshua Cohen , an endocrinologist at the George Washington University School of Medicine , Division of Endocrinology and Metabolism Diabetes Center .
He said that health is the # 1 concern on the Internet and within health , diabetes is # 1 .
He defined diabetes as a group of diseases characterized by high levels of blood glucose sugar .
Diabetes is also closely related to obesity .
In 1990 , the obesity trend was 10 to 15 % .
In 2001 , it was greater than 25 % .
Furthermore , children born today have a 30 to 50 % chance of developing diabetes !
The danger of diabetes , of course , is the resulting complications that occur on the macro vascular level and the micro vascular level .
Vascular refers to the vessels of the body , especially the arteries and veins , that carry blood and lymph .
On the macro vascular level , there are atherosclerosis complications ( deposits of fat causing the walls of arteries to thicken ) such as coronary heart disease and stroke .
On the micro vascular level , it can affect the eyes , kidneys , and nerves leading to blindness , kidney failure , and limb amputation , respectively .
As a knowledgeable patient , Dr. Cohen says you need to know your numbers .
Hemoglobin A1C
Blood pressure and lipid levels ( triglycerides , cholesterol — LDL , HDL — remember “ L ” for lousy and “ H ” for happy )
C-reactive protein ( CRP ) which measures the level of inflammation in the body and is a determinant of your risk of heart disease
The hemoglobin A1C is the average glucose level over a two to three month period .
Just a 1 % reduction can significantly reduce diabetic complications .
The number should be less than 7 % .
The American Diabetes Association ( ADA ) says blood pressure numbers should be :
Healthy blood pressure : below 120/80
Early high blood pressure : between 120/80 and 140/90
High blood pressure : 140/90 or higher
The ADA says the LDL , HDL and triglycerides numbers you should aim for are :
LDL Cholesterol : Less than 100 mg/dL
HDL Cholesterol : Greater than 60 mg/dL
Triglycerides : Less than 150 mg/dL
The American Heart Association says
You are at low risk of developing cardiovascular disease if your hs -CRP level is lower than 1.0mg /
L
You are at average risk of developing cardiovascular disease if your levels are between 1.0 and 3.0 mg /
L
You are at high risk for cardiovascular disease if your hs -CRP level is higher than 3.0 mg /
L
Dr. Cohen stressed the importance of having a treatment plan .
If your body needs insulin , it is not a narcotic .
If your body ca n’t produce it , you risk hypoglycemia .
Take a glass of milk or juice immediately .
More than previously thought , your whole gastrointestinal ( G/ I ) system plays a role .
Personally , I do not have diabetes , nor am I a pre-diabetic .
However , most of my very close friends do have diabetes and considering the complications as noted in my previous post , it is something that I ’m very interested in .
Help educate your friends if they have any of the following symptoms .
Early detection can decrease complications .
Frequent urination
Excessive thirst
Extreme hunger
Unusual weight loss
Increased fatigue
Irritability
Blurry vision
Some people prefer to stay on diabetes medication to control their blood sugar level , but most prefer to do it naturally through diet and lifestyle changes .
If you ’re interested in lowering your blood sugar naturally , read about how GluCare helps you maintain a healthy blood sugar level .
Tagged with : American Diabetes Association • Array • Arteries And Veins • Association Ada • Blood Glucose • Blood Pressure Numbers • C Reactive Protein • Cholesterol • Cholesterol Ldl • Coronary Heart Disease • Diabetes • Diabetes Center • Endocrinology And Metabolism • George Washington University • George Washington University Hospital • George Washington University School Of Medicine • Glucose Level • HDL • Hemoglobin A1c • Joshua Cohen • Kidney Failure • LDL • Ldl Hdl • Limb Amputation • Lipid Levels • Living With Diabetes • Obesity • Sugar Diabetes
Filed under : Diabetes • Network Marketing • Senior Health
Like this post ?
Subscribe to my RSS feed and get loads more !
The central portion of the Democracy Bridge , which spans the largest river in Honduras , the Ulua , collapsed in El Progreso after a strong earthquake rocked the country Thursday .
( ( Associated Press ) )
A powerful earthquake toppled more than two dozen homes in Honduras and Belize early Thursday , killing at least six people and injuring 40 as terrified residents spilled from their homes across much of Central America .
The epicentre of the 7.1 - magnitude earthquake was about 64 kilometres northeast of the popular Caribbean resort area , Roatan , in Islas de la Bahia , according to the U.S. Geological Survey .
The quake had a depth of about 10 km — which is considered to be shallow — according to the geological survey .
A magnitude - 4.8 aftershock also struck about three hours after the quake .
Hotel employees on the islands of Roatan and Util — which were closest to the epicentre — reported the tremor sent water sloshing out of resort pools .
" People were running for the door , " Alfredo Cedeno said from the reception desk at the Gran Hotel Paris in La Ceiba .
" You could really feel it and you could see it . "
" I thought the second floor was going to collapse it was shaking so hard , " a hotel guest told The Associated Press .
Though the tremors were felt as far away as Guatemala and sent people running into the streets of Guatemala City as the quake rocked the country at about 2:24 a.m. local time , officials said that there did n't appear to be any major damage in the country .
( CBC )
Maria Rivera , a spokeswoman with Honduras 's emergency commission , said that major damages caused by the quake are beginning to be reported in the coastal areas .
" The quake was felt in almost the entire country , " she said .
Emergency services officials said a 15 - year - old boy died in the town of La Lima , about 160 kilometres north of the capital Tegucigalpa , when the ceiling of his house collapsed .
Two of the boy 's relatives were also injured .
A six - year - old girl also died when a beach - home in Morazan collapsed .
There are also two unconfirmed reports of two children dying in another coastal community , officials said .
Emergency officials described the earthquake as one of " great proportions . "
The death toll is expected to rise as reports from the mountainous region near the coast begin to come in , officials said .
Rivera said wooden homes collapsed in Puerto Cortes , a stadium wall in Comayagua and that a bridge across the Ulua River has been severely damaged .
In Santa Barbara , in the northwest part of the country , the ceiling of a historic colonial church collapsed .
Several industrial buildings along the coast have also sustained damage .
" Dozens of workers have been evacuated from factories in San Pedro Sula because the buildings have cracks , " said Carlos Gonzalez , deputy director of Honduras 's Permanent Emergency Commission .
" There are cracks in the roads in several cities . "
A water tower toppled over in the town of Independence in Belize and electricity was knocked out through much of the country , said country officials .
Homes were also being reported destroyed .
' Remain calm '
" I urge you not to panic , but to remain calm , " Melvin Hulse , national emergency minister , said on the radio .
" Your government is monitoring the situation and will be keeping you informed . "
Though officials said that the earthquake was also strongly felt in El Salvador or Nicaragua , there were no reported damages .
The quake occurred in a region where the North American and Caribbean plates come together , according to Gonzalo Cruz , head of geophysics at Honduras 's National Autonomous University .
The quake has resulted in the Pacific Tsunami Warning centre issuing tsunami warnings for Honduras , Belize and Guatemala .
But after no waves were reported by the islands closest to the epicentre in the two hours following the quake , the warning was cancelled .
But " danger to boats and coastal structures can continue for several hours due to rapid currents , " the warning centre said .
Only a few days left to Double your gift
President Barack Obama created a new Clean Energy Service Corps on Tuesday as part of a landmark national service bill he signed into law .
That could be good news for young Americans wanting to get a foot in the door of the clean energy industry — but they ’ll have to wait at least a year for the Corps to get up and rolling .
The Edward M. Kennedy Serve America
Act will more than triple the size of the AmeriCorps domestic service program , from its current 75,000 volunteers to 250,000 by 2017 .
The Clean Energy Service Corps , which will be part of AmeriCorps , will train people and put them to work installing solar panels , weatherizing low - income homes , conducting home energy audits , and consulting small businesses on their energy use .
Like most other AmeriCorps positions , the Clean Energy Corps will offer modest living stipends of $ 11,000 to $ 22,000 a year , and education grants of up to $ 5,350 at the end of a year of service .
President Obama , who got his political start as a community organizer in Chicago , can testify that such work brings other benefits .
So can Michelle Obama , who founded an AmeriCorps program in Chicago and intends to focus on community service during her work as first lady .
“ Through service , I found a community that embraced me , citizenship that was meaningful , the direction I had been seeking , ” she said on Tuesday .
“ I discovered how my own improbable story fit into the larger story of America .
It ’s the same spirit I have seen across this country .
I have seen a rising generation of young people work and volunteer and turn out in record numbers . ”
Record numbers indeed : AmeriCorps applications over the past five months have spiked 234 percent over the same period a year ago , according to Sandy Scott , a spokesperson for the Corporation for National and Community Service , AmeriCorps ’ parent organization .
He said it now receives three applications for every available spot , suggesting there ’s ample demand for the new positions .
“ I think it ’s a combination of the economy and an ‘ Obama effect , ' ” Scott said .
“ His call to service is really striking a strong chord with millennials , with college graduates , who are already a service - oriented generation .
It ’s really an astonishing surge in the number of applications that bodes well for the future of our country . ”
Where do I sign up ?
The new law takes effect in October , and local organizations must then bid to host AmeriCorps volunteers , so new positions wo n’t be announced until May 2010 at the earliest , Scott said .
AmeriCorps already offers environmental positions doing work such as wildlife habitat restoration , trail building , and invasive species removal .
As for less tree - huggie and more energy - focused work , Scott said , “ There ’s some number of those positions .
There ’s not a lot .
That ’s going to be rapidly increasing under the new legislation . ”
AmeriCorps.gov lists open positions , along with scads of information .
And CorpsNetwork.org links to lots of conservation - related volunteer spots at other organizations .
AmeriCorps is also adding some 13,000 new positions through funding from the economic stimulus package passed in February .
Those will open up more quickly —
Scott said grant winners will be announced in the next two weeks , and the positions should be listed publicly soon thereafter .
Rep. Jay Inslee ( D - Wash . ) , who worked to get the Clean Energy Service Corps into the national service bill , said he was glad to see it modeled after the AmeriCorps program President Bill Clinton established in 1993 .
“ We have the ability to give young people a real growth experience while at the same time fulfilling a national goal , ” said Inslee .
“ AmeriCorps has been successful .
Now we ’ve married it with the goal of creating energy efficiency in our homes and businesses …
You can look forward to thousands of young Americans getting out to help homeowners . ”
While he expects corps positions to include training in renewable energy systems such as solar and wind , Inslee said efficiency programs such as home and business energy audits and weatherization will likely make up the bulk of the work .
“ We call efficiency the ‘ first fuel ’ : it ’s always the cheapest and the fastest , ” he said .
“ If you look at the opportunities , the fastest ones to get these young folks deployed will be around energy efficiency . ”
Oh , Charlie Crist .
Thanks for bringing the church back into politics .
Or thanks for letting it keep its grubby mitts in everything .
But hey , we love the Jesus license plate , too !
His pecs are so defined and his skin surprisingly supple - looking after being on the cross so long .
He really was the king of kings !
That ’s right .
We at SCFOM think believe good ol ’ Charlie does n’t really want to support an unconstitutional Jesus license plate .
Nah !
He ’s into guys !
The license plate is just a cover !
In order to advance the gay Republican agenda , Charlie , we suggest license plates featuring the following people icons that you can likewise pass off as the will of the people :
Divine
Judy
Joan
Brando
Madonna
And , of course , Cher .
We know these icons are a little mainstream .
But if Charlie ’s going to come out , he needs mainstream gay , not fringe gay .
So help us help Charlie , and support the Jesus plate !
Schwarzenegger - Ken Lay Meeting Emails Now Online
EDITOR'S NOTE : See also Greg Palast 's take on these memos , and Arnie 's response when a voter took up the issue at a political rally .
THIS JUST IN !
ARNOLD RESPONDS TO PALAST CHARGES IN " Arnold Unplugged - It 's Hasta la Vista to $ 9 Billion if the Governator is Selected "
NEWS RELEASE
The Foundation for Taxpayer and Consumer Rights
Oct 03 , 2003
Enron E-mails Confirm Schwarzenegger - Ken Lay Meeting
Enron E- Mails Show Arnold Met With Ken Lay During Energy Crisis
Santa Monica , CA -- Internal Enron e-mails confirm that Arnold Schwarzenegger was among a small group of executives who met with Lay at the posh Peninsula Beverly Hills hotel in May of 2001 , in the midst of California 's energy crisis .
The Foundation for Taxpayer and Consumer Rights , which obtained the e-mails , is calling on Schwarzenegger to acknowledge the meetings and disclose the information that was presented and discussed .
The meeting with Enron occurred ten days after rolling blackouts darkened California for two consecutive days ; Schwarzenegger has previously said that he does not remember such a meeting .
" You do n't meet with America 's most well - known corporate crook in the middle of California 's biggest financial disaster and not remember , " said FTCR 's senior consumer advocate Douglas Heller .
" Mr. Schwarzenegger should come clean about what happened at that meeting and if he shares Ken Lay 's views on energy regulation . "
The documents provide a list of invitees to the hastily arranged meeting and a list of those who actually attended .
Only eleven of the 45 invitees attended , including Schwarzenegger .
The meeting was meant to be an opportunity to gain business community support for Enron 's " comprehensive solution " to the energy crisis .
In one e-mail , Enron 's VP of Public Relations wrote : " We 'd like to position this meeting as an insider 's conversation of what 's going on with the energy situation .
This meeting should be for principals only . " ( emphasis in original )
FTCR contends that Enron policies were responsible for the severe energy crisis California faced in 2000 and 2001 .
The group noted that the crisis had dramatic implications on the state economy and state budget and will continue to impact consumers for years to come .
FTCR has called for a repeal of the deregulation and supported SB 888 ( Dunn ) to re-regulate the state 's electricity system .
FTCR has been critical of Enron 's involvement in the California energy crisis , in which the company developed schemes for manipulating the power market that forced massive price spikes in the state .
" Since it was apparently important enough for Schwarzenegger to attend despite the last minute notice , Schwarzenegger should now explain what happened at his meeting with Enron 's Ken Lay and whether or not he supports electricity re-regulation , " said Heller .
VIEW THE EMAILS IN PDF FORMAT HERE :
http://www.consumerwatchdog.org/utilities/rp/rp003709.pdf
- 30 -
FTCR is a non-partisan , nonprofit organization .
FTCR does not support or oppose candidates for office and takes no position on the California recall .
© Scoop Media
Jean Nouvel created a spectacular facade , based upon electronically controlled camera iris shaped devices in the style of decorative Arab screens , for the IMA in Paris , 20 years ago .
For some reason , mechanical facades have recently started cropping up here and there in architecture .
Here are some of our favorites .
Posted by David Galbraith
Follow @daveg
Harvard Law professor Charles Nesson is branching out .
For years he watched with horror as the RIAA demanded money from tens of thousands of Americans , finally getting into the ring himself when federal judge Nancy Gertner connected him to Joel Tenenbaum , a young man in need of an attorney for his file - sharing suit .
The move made waves that continue to ripple — the resources and legal minds of Harvard Law would wade into the controversy and provide a much needed counterweight to the crushing RIAA litigation machine !
But critics noted that this was only a single case , and it only came after years of recording industry lawsuits .
Did n't Harvard 's privileged profs need to do more ?
It turns out that Nesson is doing more .
Though his main involvement is with the Tenebaum case — where he plans to argue that file - sharing is simply fair use — Nesson is also involved in two similar cases .
In one of them , the lawyers are asking that the RIAA be forced to return all the money it has ever collected from the settlement campaign .
Thomas and English
The best known of these is the Jammie Thomas case in Minnesota , where defendant Thomas faces another trial this summer after losing the first time around .
Thomas ' long - time attorney , Brian Toder , withdrew from the case recently , citing unpaid legal bills of $ 130,000 .
One of Thomas ' new lawyers is K.A.D. Camara , a Harvard Law grad who took classes from Nesson .
Camara sounds like an intriguing guy ; he was involved in a bizarre controversy during his time at Harvard after he uploaded course notes containing the word " nig " to refer to African - Americans .
He was also the youngest graduate of Harvard Law , having skipped high school altogether to earn his JD at 19 .
The Nesson link here is n't accidental ; as the student team defending Joel Tenenbaum noted today , " Professor Nesson has played an active role in arranging for Jammie Thomas to be represented .
And yes , with support and input from Professor Nesson and and our team , Thomas ’ new attorneys will undoubtedly be re-styling and filing some of the arguments we ’ve put forth in Joel ’s defense here in Boston . "
Given the skepticism which some of Nesson 's own supporters have toward his legal approach , it 's not clear that this will be a good thing for Thomas , though it may be the only real chance left to her .
A jury was utterly unconvinced by her claims the last time around , so challenging the underlying legal framework of statutory damages and making fair use claims might actually have a greater chance of success .
I checked in with the student legal team at Harvard , who tell me that they remain " focused on Joel " but that " Professor Nesson is lending his guidance and inspiration to the other cases . "
Camara will also get some PR help from the team , sure to boost what is already guaranteed to be a high - profile retrial .
Nesson is also working with Camara on a third case , this one against college student Brittany English .
Camara 's website , which lists the case as " pro bono , " says that the lawyers " are asking the courts to declare that statutory damages like these — 150,000:1 — are unconstitutional and that the RIAA ’s campaign to extract settlements from individuals by the threat of such unconstitutional damages is itself unlawful , enjoin the RIAA ’s unlawful campaign , and order the RIAA to return the $ 100 M + that it obtained as a result of its unlawful campaign . "
( The RIAA says the $ 100 million number is inaccurate . )
A double whammy
In the unlikely event that Nesson , Camara , and the Harvard Law crew succeed in all of their goals , not only will file - sharing be redefined as fair use , but the recording industry will be out $ 100 million .
Ouch .
And Nesson & Co. are n't finished yet .
Debbie Rosenbaum , who handles PR for the Harvard Law students , says that the students " will need to recruit more students to work on Joel 's case in the Fall , so we will hopefully be able to have enough manpower to take on even more cases then . "
Back in 2007 , we noticed that no prelitigation letters had yet gone to Harvard — an odd omission , but one possibly explained by the fact that " some of the best and brightest at Harvard Law School will get involved [ in the cases ] in a big way . "
At the time , Nesson had already made his position clear , calling the RIAA out for " bully " tactics .
Now that he 's revved up , he seems intent on orchestrating a grand defense that goes far beyond his particular clients .
Does that worry the music industry ?
It 's certainly generating plenty of press , but if the RIAA was worried about bad press it would have stopped suing people long ago .
But despite all the activity and publicity , Nesson and crew still need to win in court .
When you 're arguing that the RIAA needs to return all its settlement money and that file - sharing is fair use , that 's certainly not a given .
Use Native Plants In Your Garden This Spring
Are you wondering which plants to start growing in your garden this spring ?
You might want to consider going native for minimal maintenance throughout the year , but while it this sounds good , many question the green wisdom behind this notion .
Simply speaking , native plants make ideal garden plants because they are uniquely suited to growing in their native area .
This translates to less work and resources .
Since native plants have spent centuries adapting to your area ’s natural geographic conditions , they are n’t going to need much in the way of supplemental fertilizer , spraying or winter mulching .
Native plants also tend to behave better than other plants in your garden .
Having evolved within the community , they are rarely invasive and have natural predators that help to keep them in check .
In addition , local wildlife species have developed a relationship with native plants for generations relying on them for food , shelter and nesting .
So a garden filled with native plants is likely to attract its own share of birds and butterflies .
You might be wondering where to find plants that are native to your geography .
Local nurseries and park departments are your best resource .
They will often release native plant lists in conjunction with seasonal sales .
PlantNative , is an invaluable online resources that provides a comprehensive list of native plant nurseries and sources of native plants , broken down by state .
eNature.com also provides resources for native gardening along with an invasive plants guide .
Please follow and like us :
Related
The cost of sending text messages on your mobile phone while abroad in the European Union is about to fall sharply in July , when a new law approved Wednesday comes into effect .
Similarly , the price of Internet downloads onto your mobile while you are travelling in the E.U. will drop , and calls made from abroad will be charged per second , rather than per minute .
Currently European consumers are paying as up 24 percent too much because their calls are rounded up to the nearest minute , according to the European Commission , the regulatory and executive branch of the E.U .
The European Parliament rubber - stamped the update of roaming laws Wednesday at a plenary meeting in Strasbourg .
A text message sent from abroad in the E.U. will cost no more than € 0.11 ( US$ 0.15 ) from July 1 , instead of € 0.28 today , the European Commission said in a statement .
The vote means the new rules will be in place in time for summer holidays , the Commission said .
The new law also cuts the price of mobile phone calls while roaming in another E.U. country .
The present cap for a mobile phone call made abroad will progressively drop from € 0.46 to € 0.35 per minute by July 2011 , and from € 0.22 today to € 0.11 for mobile calls received while roaming abroad .
Mobile operators will also be required to bill roaming calls by the second from the 31st second at the latest .
" Today 's vote marks the definite end of the roaming ripoff in Europe , " said E.U. Telecoms Commissioner Viviane Reding .
The new E.U. roaming rules in a nutshell :
--
The price that consumers can be charged for sending a text message while abroad will be capped at € 0.11 ( excluding VAT ) , compared to a current average of € 0.28 .
-- Data roaming charges are substantially reduced ( the cost of surfing the Web or downloading movies with a mobile phone while abroad ) by introducing a wholesale cap of € 1 per megabyte downloaded , compared to an average wholesale price of € 1.68 per megabyte , with peaks in Ireland ( € 6.82 ) , Greece ( € 5.30 ) and in Estonia ( € 5.10 ) .
The wholesale cap will fall to € 0.80 in 2010 and to € 0.50 in 2011 .
-- Consumers will be protected from so - called " bill shocks " by allowing customers to choose a cut - off mechanism once the bill reaches € 50 , unless the consumer opts for a higher limit .
Operators will have until March 2010 to put these transparency measures in place .
-- Reduced price caps for mobile roaming calls .
Now at € 0.46 for calls made and € 0.22 for calls received abroad , the caps will go down to € 0.43 for calls made and € 0.19 for calls received abroad on July 1 ; to € 0.39 and € 0.15 on July 1 , 2010 ; and to € 0.35 and € 0.11 by July 1 , 2011 ( all prices per minute , excluding VAT ) .
- Per-second billing after the first 30 seconds for roamed calls made and from the first second for calls received while abroad .
The E.U. roaming
Web site offers an overview of current roaming tariffs per country .
Patent 5,533,051 on compression of random data
Patent 5,533,051 " Method for Data Compression " Filed Mar. 12 , 1993 ; granted Jul. 2 , 1996 Inventor David C. James ; Assignee : The James Group
The first line of the patent abstract is :
Methods for compressing data including methods for compressing highly randomized data are disclosed .
A second aspect of the present invention which further enhances its ability to achieve high compression percentages , is its ability to be applied to data recursively .
Specifically , the methods of the present invention are able to make multiple passes over a file , each time further compressing the file .
Thus , a series of recursions are repeated until the desired compression level is achieved .
the direct bit encode method of the present invention is effective for reducing an input string by one bit regardless of the bit pattern of the input string .
Assume that the program can compress without loss all files of size N bits or more .
Compress with this program all the 2 ^N files which have exactly N bits .
All compressed files have at most N - 1 bits , so there are at most ( 2^N ) - 1 different compressed files [ 2 ^ ( N - 1 ) files of size N - 1 , 2 ^ ( N - 2 ) of size N - 2 , and so on , down to 1 file of size 0 ] .
So at least two different input files must compress to the same output file .
Hence the compression program cannot be lossless .
If the method were indeed able to shrink any file by at least one bit , applying it recursively would shrink gigabytes down to a few bits .
The patent contains evasive arguments to justify the impossible claims :
Page 12 , line 22 :
Of course , this does not take into account any overhead registers or other " house - keeping " type information which must be tracked .
However such overhead tends to be negligible when processing the large quantities of data typically encountered in data compression applications .
Thus , one skilled in the art can see that by keeping the appropriate counters , the direct bit encode method of the present invention is effective for reducing an input string by one bit regardless of the bit pattern of the input string .
Although a certain amount of " loss " is necessary in keeping and maintaining various counters and registers , for files which are sufficiently large , this overhead is insignificant compared to the savings obtained by the direct bit encode method .
The patent contains even more evasive arguments :
Page 22 , line 31 :
It is commonly stated that perfectly entropic data streams cannot be compressed .
This misbelief is in part based on the sobering fact that for a large set of entropic data , calculating the number of possible bit pattern combinations is unfathomable .
For example , if 100 ones and 100 zeros are randomly distributed in a block 200 bits long , there are 200C100 = 9.055 10^58 combinations possible .
The numbers are clearly unmanageable and hence the inception that perfectly entropic data streams cannot be compressed .
The key to the present compression method under discussion is that it makes no attempt to deal with such large amounts of data and simply operates on smaller portions .
6 . A method of compressing a stream of binary data , comprising the steps of : parsing n- bits from said stream of binary data ;
determining the value of said parsed n- bits ;
based on the results of step B , coding said values of said n- bits in at least one of a first , second , and third target string , wherein coding said value includes generating a plurality of code strings and correlating said value with one of said code strings and dividing said correlated code string variable length codes and dividing at least some of said into at least first and second segments , and assigning at least one of said correlated code string segments to at least one of said first , second , and third target strings , wherein at least one of said plurality of codes is not greater than n - 1 bits long .
7 . The method of compressing a stream of binary data of claim 6 , wherein n=2 .
It took three years to the patent office to ascertain the validity of such a patent .
A person with basic knowledge in mathematics and data compression can find the flaws immediately upon first reading .
Check here for an analysis of patent 5,488,364 on the same subject .
Jean -loup Gailly
Back to the gzip home page
back to Jean - loup 's page
If there ’s one thing I do n’t want to have flexing ability , it ’s a ladder .
Share TOE ► Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
More
Print
Pocket
Tumblr
Reddit
The Current Discussion : Israel 's real " existential question " is whether or not to disenfranchise its Arab minority , says Fareed Zakaria in his column this week .
Is he right ?
This particular issue - especially the description of Israel as a " Jewish state " - almost torpedoed the 2007 Annapolis conference .
Palestinians adamantly refused to recognize the state established on Palestinian land as a Jewish state , because 20 % of that state 's citizens are non-Jewish Palestinian Arabs .
But former President George Bush would not budge , calling Israel a " Jewish state " as he spoke in favor of an independent Palestinian state ( which he promised would be realized before his term was up . )
While this was not the first time that a U.S. senior official has referred to Israel as a religious entity , Bush 's insistence on the description despite Palestinian president Mahmood Abbas 's demands that this term not be used reflected a total U.S. acceptance of the Israeli position .
Calling Israel a Jewish state goes directly against the general U.S. principle of separating politics from religion and counters the democratic values that the U.S. is trying to export to the rest of the world , including the Arab region .
After seeing such support from the U.S. , Israeli ideological leaders from hawks to doves have raised the level of their public propaganda , pushing for the ethnic cleansing of Palestinian Arabs who are citizens of the state of Israel .
It started with the foreign minister Tizpi Livni , who said in a talk to high school students that once the Palestinian conflict was resolved , citizens of Israel would not be allowed to talk about their national aspirations .
She later backpedaled from those racist - sounding remarks , but right - wing candidate Avigdor Lieberman did not .
His election campaign , which came as the Gaza assault was taking place , included a call for Palestinian citizens of Israel to take a loyalty oath to Israel as a Jewish state and to serve in the army or complete some type of public service .
As Palestinian citizens of Israel have repeatedly said , they did n't come to Israel - Israel came to them .
Making non-Jewish citizens swear a loyalty oath to the Jewish state is obviously unacceptable .
Palestinian citizens of Israel are also angry with Lieberman 's call for them to serve in the Israeli army , fighting against their fellow Palestinians , while Orthodox Jews are exempt from military and other forms national service .
The new Obama administration , as it weighs its position on the upcoming Durban II conference on racism , will also be forced to take a position on the rights of the Arab minority in Israel and the undemocratic demands that are being forced upon them as part of the package of a two - state solution .
Palestinians living in Israel support the possibility of the establishment of a Palestinian state alongside the state of Israel .
But they feel that this should not negate their decision to stay living where they are and to continue demanding rights equal to those their fellow citizens of Israel enjoy , be they Jews or followers of any religion or even non-followers of religion .
Please e-mail PostGlobal if you 'd like to receive an email notification when PostGlobal sends out a new question .
Pics and Reviews of All Nerf Guns
man if you did n't guess at Halloween that I like holidays , you know now
We donned our mind - reading helmet here at Lifehacker and have divined the perfect thing for a little Friday Fun : a high altitude rocket made from office supplies .
Advertisement
An inventive user at DIY site Instructables details how to turn a few common office supplies into an impressive rocket .
If you can get your hands on a sharpie , a can of compressed air , and an assortment of other office items like tape , rubber bands , and bottle caps , then you 're on your way to winning the Office MacGyver award .
The parts list has a Leather Multi-Tool as an item but as you 'll see in the video below all you actually need are needle nose pliers .
Click to view
We can't promise you it will achieve low earth orbit or even break low lying cloud cover , but we can promise you 'll put your eye out if you 're not careful , so unless you want to live out your career known as the One Eyed Pirate of Cubicle Farm Four , we recommend exercising extreme care with your homemade projectiles .
( Or just , you know , get your vicarious fix through the video .
It 's what we 're doing . )
Advertisement
Office Supplies Challenge : Liquid Fuel Rocket [ via Make ]
Boo the Gentleman Caller
Happy Birthday , Chrono Trigger !
Chrono Trigger Plus 2.0
Check it out at RomHacking .
net here :
https://www.romhacking.net/hacks/3691/
Quote
All 1999 is explorable , and the small part that was previously available is improved as well .
You can now acquire the ability to go to 1999 via Epoch , however only from the End of Time and only to a set location .
Later versions will allow it on the world map but I 'll need time to readjust the tile properties .
Tons of bugs have been fixed including all known ones related to Magus on the Blackbird .
Added a few flavor scenes .
End of Time is expanded .
Crossing Lab 32 on foot is now longer and has some story .
New area in 2300 ad where Porre used to be .
A few scenes now feature the entire recruited party rather than just the three current members .
Possibility of acquiring the Speed shoes that allow 50 % faster running
Can now buy a drone that will join you in battle as a sort of AI party member .
It 's hard to believe that Chrono Trigger turns 24 this year .
A quarter of a century later , the game continues to inspire with colorful characters , an engaging story , and time travel shenanigans .
Even though the IP remains dormant by SquareEnix , the fandom is alive in well here at the Compendium and across the web .
And for Chrono Trigger 's 24th birthday , our current Architect of Kajar , IHBP , gives us a very exciting gift !
After toiling in the depths of Kajar Laboratories for some time , we finally have the official release of This exciting new enhancement of Chrono Trigger includes a plethora of bug fixes , new locations , and even guest party members .
The enhancements include :
On the day of its first foreign policy discussions with Mexico , the Obama administration remains mum on whether it will honor a campaign promise to alter a Bush administration policy establishing a massive fence along the U.S. - Mexico border , including in federally protected areas .
So far , the Department of Homeland Security has erected about 613 miles of new pedestrian fencing and vehicle barriers to thwart illegal border crossers and drug smugglers trying to enter the United States .
While President Obama voted for the 2005 Secure Fence Act as an Illinois senator , he pledged on the campaign trail last year to review the Bush administration 's fortification efforts , in part due to concerns about environmental impacts .
" I think that the key is to consult with local communities , whether it's on the commercial interests or the environmental stakes of creating any kind of barrier , " Obama said last year at a debate in Austin , Texas .
While acknowledging that some areas may need fencing , Obama said deploying new surveillance technology and stepping up patrols would " be the better approach . "
Yet almost three months into the new administration , neither Obama nor Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano are addressing the issue .
Meanwhile , construction is beginning on two new sections of the fence , one through the Rio Grande Valley near Brownsville , Texas , and another in the Otay Mountain Wilderness in California 's San Diego County .
Homeland Security spokesman Matt Chandler said Napolitano decided to allow border fence projects already contracted under the Bush administration to go forward .
But she is reviewing the fence policy as part of a comprehensive examination of all immigration and border security programs .
" She will discuss her review of immigration and border security policies once it is completed , " he said .
Lloyd Easterling , a spokesman for U.S. Customs and Border Protection , a DHS subagency , said , " As it stands right now , we 're committed to completing the project at hand . "
Proponents of the the border fence say the project is an effective deterrent to would - be illegal border crossers , and they cite government data showing precipitous drops in illegal border crossings at places like Yuma , Ariz . , once a hot spot for illegal immigrants driving into the United States .
But critics point to a 2008 Congressional Research Service report that found the new fencing simply shifts illegal crossings to other , more remote locations .
Perhaps more important , any attempt by the administration to scale back the border fence is likely to attract intense public scrutiny at a time when Mexican drug cartel violence has flared up along the border , fueled in large part by guns smuggled from the United States .
Obama is making his first visit to Mexico today , where among other things he will discuss the intensifying drug war , which killed 6,300 people last year .
Needs are critical
Even so , critics say they are dismayed by the Obama administration 's slow progress in addressing the fence 's environmental impacts .
" The need to address all the negative impacts that have already occurred is critical , " said Michael Degnan , lands representative for the Sierra Club .
Matt Clark , Southwest representative for Defenders of Wildlife , said his group was " hopeful that the administration would quickly change course , and even reverse the Bush - era wall - building approach to border issues . "
Defenders of Wildlife has joined a coalition of other environmental groups -- as well as faith - based organizations , immigration groups and border community organizations -- backing a bill to be introduced later this month by Rep. Raúl Grijalva ( D - Ariz . ) calling for mitigation of the environmental damage caused by the fence .
While the language of the Grijalva bill is still being hammered out , proponents say it will probably seek to reverse a 2005 provision allowing the Homeland Security secretary to waive any federal or state law deemed to interfere with fence construction , including the nation 's core environmental laws .
Former DHS Secretary Michael Chertoff invoked the waiver authority four times during his tenure .
In February , Grijalva and seven other members of Congress -- five from Texas and two from California -- sent a letter to the Obama administration asking for a suspension of fence construction .
" Though there are places where a fence is the most feasible option , we strongly believe the Bush Administration 's approach of constructing a fence along much of the Southwest border was ill - conceived as it was void of any meaningful input from the local communities or the Border Patrol Sector Chiefs who are most familiar with the challenges of securing our border , " the letter read .
Jose Borjon , a spokesman for Rep. Solomon Ortiz ( D ) , who represents the southeastern tip of Texas , said the congressman met with DHS officials two weeks ago and urged them to find an alternative to the border fence .
" But that has not happened , " he said .
" Construction in Brownsville has begun . "
Mitigation efforts
Environmental groups , meanwhile , are concerned about fence sections in Texas , Arizona and California that have been built across wildlife refuges , national monuments , national conservation areas and other federal lands ( Land Letter , Jan. 15 ) .
In Arizona 's San Pedro Riparian National Conservation Area , for instance , a pedestrian fence now stretches to the river 's edge , where it is met by a river - crossing vehicle barrier and a new section of pedestrian fence on the other side .
Clark of the Defenders of Wildlife said the area has been significantly degraded by the fence and construction of a temporary road down a steep embankment .
" It 's not a pretty sight , " he said .
" And even though they 've got a couple of things to try to prevent erosion into the river , the damage has been done , and we are seeing increased erosion . "
Newly erected sections of fence in Texas and Arizona bisect protected habitat for the federally endangered jaguar and ocelot , the Sierra Club 's Degnan added .
" We 've seen lands that Congress protected in perpetuity scarred by roads and other damage , " he said .
The Interior Department has tried to offset some of the effects under a January agreement with DHS establishing a $ 50 million mitigation fund ( Land Letter , Jan. 26 ) .
Officials expect to release a list of mitigation projects this summer , but environmentalists say the funding will fall short of what is needed to fully mitigate the damage .
April Reese writes from Santa Fe , N.M .
Copyright 2009 E&E Publishing .
All Rights Reserved .
We have received a complaint from solicitors acting for Trafigura about this article .
Read Trafigura 's statement here
Documents have emerged which detail for the first time the potentially lethal nature of toxic waste dumped by British - based oil traders in one of west Africa 's poorest countries .
More than 30,000 people from Ivory Coast claim they were affected by the ­poisonous cocktail and are currently bringing Britain 's biggest - ever group lawsuit against the company , Trafigura .
The firm chartered the ship , Probo Koala , which transported the cargo to Ivory Coast in 2006 .
An official Dutch analysis of samples of the waste carried by the Probo Koala indicate that it contained approximately 2 tonnes of hydrogen sulphide , a killer gas with a characteristic smell of rotten eggs .
The documents have been obtained by the BBC .
One chemist told BBC Newsnight last night that if the same quantity and mixture of chemicals had been dumped in Trafalgar Square : " You would have people being sick for several miles around … millions of people . "
Trafigura , which claims to be one of the world 's biggest independent oil ­traders , originally issued statements in 2006 denying the tanker was carrying toxic waste .
It said it merely contained routine " slops " – the dirty water from tank washing .
Executives of the company lined up to specifically deny that the waste contained any hydrogen sulphide .
It was put by the Guardian to ­Trafigura 's lawyers with 24 hours notice that the company had been making wrong statements about the toxic waste .
The firm 's ­lawyers , Carter - Ruck , then asked to be given more time , until 5.30 pm tonight .
When 5.30 pm passed , they asked for another hour .
By 7 pm , they still remained silent .
They issued a statement at 7.38 pm saying : " We have no intention of descending into a detailed debate as to the chemical composition of the ' slops ' . "
They said such matters would be resolved at the high court trial and that Trafigura 's position was " the slops did not and cannot have caused the deaths and widespread illnesses which have been alleged " .
In the long - running and bitterly contested lawsuit , Trafigura has currently offered to pay anyone from Ivory Coast who can prove the toxic waste actually caused them to fall ill .
The claimants ' lawyer , Martyn Day , the senior partner at Leigh Day , a firm which specialised in group actions , says this concession will prevent the evidence detailing the true history of the Probo Koala from coming out in court .
The case is due to be heard in October .
Court hearings were held in secret ­yesterday , after allegations were made that Trafigura had been attempting to " nobble " witnesses to induce them to change their stories .
Trafigura in turn claims that its employees face reprisals and even threats to their lives .
Mr Justice McDuff said : " This case has attracted much media attention and aroused strong feelings for many .
­However , I have acceded to an application to hold part of the hearing in private because on the evidence I have heard certain parties to the litigation have felt intimidated or threatened with reprisals . "
He said the secret hearing involved " applications for witness anonymity and other witness protection " .
A previous hearing had issued an injunction banning Trafigura from contacting any of the claimants .
This followed the submission of evidence that one of the claimants had been flown business class from Ivory Coast to Morocco , put up at a luxury hotel , and offered money .
The claimant said he had also been interviewed in the Morocco hotel by Simon Nurney , partner at ­Macfarlanes , Trafigura 's solicitors .
Macfarlanes denied last night there had been any impropriety .
They said : " Macfarlanes has valid and exceptional legal reasons for agreeing to meet the individual referred to by the Guardian .
There was ( and is ) evidence that fraudulent and exaggerated claims were being made against our client .
We therefore had the right , and indeed duty , to investigate by interviewing the claimants .
" Macfarlanes arranged to meet the individual in Morocco .
Given the extreme sensitivity of any meeting between that individual and Macfarlanes , he specifically requested that the meeting should take place outside the Ivory Coast .
­Macfarlanes were represented in Morocco by one of our partners , who acted with the full knowledge and support of the firm and the ­client .
This partner and another member of the legal team were present at the meetings in Morocco .
Macfarlanes paid the individual 's travel and related expenses in relation to these meetings , but neither made nor offered any other payment or inducement . "
Apple ( AAPL ) is serious about letting more iPhone software -- beyond its native apps like phone , iPod , and Mail -- run in the background , we 've heard from sources in the mobile industry .
This could potentially happen as soon as Apple 's iPhone 3.0 release , based on scuttlebutt we 've heard .
Here 's two potential scenarios we 've heard .
Treat these as rumors for now , as we do n't know how realistic they are -- especially for the first version of iPhone 3.0 , due within a few months .
Apple might allow users to select two apps that can run in the background .
Specifically , one source says there 's some evidence of this in a new beta of Apple 's iPhone 3.0 software developers kit .
( We do n't have the SDK , and would n't know where to look if we did . )
Apple might selectively allow some apps to run in the background .
We assume that developers could apply for permission to run in the background , and that Apple might approve or deny them based on the resources they need , how well they behave with the operating system 's stability , and how much network bandwidth they need .
Apple has so far not allowed its iPhone app developers to write software that runs in the background to avoid potential battery life and security problems -- and to avoid confusing users with a " task manager . "
It 's possible that this will not happen for iPhone 3.0 .
But it would n't be a complete shock if it did , either .
Apple 's competitors like RIM , Microsoft , Palm , and Google all support background processing for third - party apps .
It 's something Apple will have to support someday , even if only on new hardware .
The sooner , the better .
In the meantime , Apple has developed a push notifications system that will allow apps to get a user 's attention while the app is not running .
For instance , an instant messaging service like AIM could use a push notification to let you know that it 's received a new IM for you , prompting you to open the AIM app on your iPhone .
This will be helpful even if background processing is enabled for some apps .
But it 's not going to be a complete replacement .
We 've reached out to Apple for comment , and will update if we hear back .
Please let us know if you have more information : dfrommer@businessinsider.com .
Update : Daring Fireball 's John Gruber says :
Ordinarily I would n’t link to something as sketchily sourced as this , but : I heard something very similar from a decent ( but second - hand ) source back in January during Macworld Expo .
What I heard then was that Apple was working on a vastly improved dock for your most - frequently used apps , and that there ’d be one special icon position where you could put a third - party app to enable it to run in the background .
Take it with a grain of salt , though : my source in January described it as an idea Apple was working on , nothing more .
The major limiting factor right now is RAM .
There just is n’t much left for third - party processes on the current hardware ’s 128 MB .
Good point .
We assume Apple has gone through the painstaking trouble of making its apps as efficient as possible .
But even now , when listening to music and playing a game at the same time , things get slow sometimes .
Even worse is when the phone tries to check email during those other processes .
So the idea of limiting background processing is a good one .
That said , we 'd love the ability to keep an IM app open in the background .
Thousands of people blocked the centre of Ankara , to defend the secular Turkish state and accuse their government of being pro-Islamic .
Local television said 100,000 people joined the rally , many brandishing pictures of Kemal Ataturk , the founder of modern Turkey and a staunch defender of secularism .
Similar demonstrations have been held since 2007 , amid growing fears that Turkey ’s Islamist - based ruling AK Party and its Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan want to erode the traditional separation of religion and the state .
Fears of final bloodbath as Sri Lanka pledges to annihilate Tamil rebels who laid down their weapons
Fears were growing last night that the 25 - year civil war in Sri Lanka will end today in one final bloodbath .
The Tamil Tiger rebels admitted defeat yesterday , offering to lay down their guns as government forces swept through their remaining strongholds .
But Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa rejected the plea for a cease - fire , determined to wipe out the last pockets of rebel resistance .
Government soldiers of the 58th and 59th Division on a beach inside the ' No Fire Zone ' where they have surrounded the Tamil Tiger rebels for the final battle i
A soldier looks at a destroyed Tamil Tiger boat on a beach in the Sri Lankan war zone , where rebels have laid down their guns ending the 26 - year conflict
With about 2,000 beleaguered Tamil fighters surrounded on a strip of land of less than half a square mile , the impasse made a bloody end to the quarter century conflict almost inevitable .
The government has cut off any chance of a sea escape from the shrinking patch of jungle and sources say troops plan to ‘ bomb the rebels into oblivion . ’
The Tamils were reduced to desperate suicide attacks in an effort to repel a final assault by troops set on annihilating them .
There were also reports that as many as 300 Tamil fighters committed mass suicide , biting into the cyanide pills they carry around their necks in case of capture , after their appeal for clemency was rebuffed .
37,000 civilians are said to have left the war - torn strip of land in the past 24 hours
The Sri Lankan military walk across a beach in the ' No fire zone ' , as the Tamil rebels admit the war has reached its ' bitter end '
There were conflicting reports about reclusive Tamil leader Vellupillai Prabhakaran .
One report suggested he killed himself after a massive explosion was heard inside a bunker being used as his headquarters , although this was being denied by his supporters .
Government officials claimed that thousands of civilians being used as human shields by the Tamils had been freed .
At least 70 rebels were killed as they tried to escape posing as refugees .
Aid groups say that 72,000 civilians have fled during the past four days .
They fear that as many as 7,000 may have been killed in the crossfire .
With the war in its final throes in the northeast of the country , Sri Lankans poured into the streets in a spontaneous celebration , dancing and setting off fireworks .
The president is planning a televised news conference in the capital , Colombo , on Tuesday morning to formally announce the end of Asia ’ s longest modern conflict .
Sri Lankan soldiers standing next to an anti-aircraft gun they say they recovered from Tamil Tiger rebels in Putumattalan
Mahinda Rajapaksa surrounded by crowds of well - wishers on arrival from Jordan today .
The Sri Lankan Prime Minister declared victory in the civil war yesterday
Founded on a culture of suicide before surrender , the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam issued a statement yesterday accepting : ‘ This battle has reached its bitter end .
‘ We remain with one last choice – to remove the last weak excuse of the enemy for killing our people .
We have decided to silence our guns . ’
After the government rejected peace talks , rebel spokesman Selvarajah Pathmanathan said they were offering to lay down their arms to protect 25,000 injured Tamils in the area .
The remains of a burnt - out tractor used by the Tamil Tigers in their last - stand battle with the Sri Lankan army
Military equipment captured from the Tamil Tigers in fighting is put on display
He said 3,000 civilians had been killed in the last 24 hours .
‘ Our people are dying .
Every hour more than a hundred are dying , ’ he told Channel 4 News .
He claimed that although the Tamils wanted a ceasefire , they were not surrendering .
Getting an independent picture of events is difficult because the media and aid workers have been banned from the war zone by the Sri Lankan authorities .
Sri Lankans wave the national flag in Colombo following Prime Minister Mahinda Rajapaksa 's declaration of victory in the 26 - year war against Tamil rebels
But defeat for the Tamils has been a foregone conclusion for months .
In the past three years , government forces have captured nearly 6,000 square miles the Tigers had previously controlled as a quasi-state for Sri Lanka ’s minority Tamils .
Hundreds of suicide bombings and assassinations over the past two - and - a - half decades had turned the Tigers into one of the world ’s most violent armed groups , designated as terrorists by more than 30 countries .
The cataclysmic end to the war came after the government rejected calls for a truce to protect civilians , and the Tigers refused to surrender and free 50,000 to 100,000 people the United Nations and others said they were holding as human shields .
The fighting between the Tamil rebels and the Sri Lankan army has been taking place in a tiny strip of northern coastland
Each side accuses the other of killing civilians , and diplomats say there is evidence both have done so .
The UN rights chief said on Friday that she backed an inquiry into potential war crimes and humanitarian violations by both sides .
A wave of diplomatic pressure from Britain , the United States , France and the United Nations last week , including threats to delay a £ 1.2 billion International Monetary Fund loan , appeared to come too late to stop the final fight .
Added : Programs by Timothy Williams ( SDSoftware ) ( UsefulSaver 1.0.1 , ExplorerView 1.1 , BlackTop 1.0 , SysFile 1.2 )
Added : JJC Program Finder , Text to File Renamer , Multi-File Renamer , Quick Folder Locate and Open , Recall , and Mini Clock Alarm
Added : Easy MP3 Tools , Multicalc , Safe Backup , File Splitter , Shortcut Genie , and JJC Mp3 Manager
Added : DirGraph 1.35 and 2.0 , Kurlo 1.3 , Popcorn 1.99.3 , and MSConfig Cleanup 1.5
Added : Programs by Patrice Zwenger ( CaptureScreen 2.0.4396 , Image by Image 1.2.4411 , ImageOpen 1.4.4404 , WinPing 1.6.4104 , WinTrace 1.3.3595 , WinHtmlDump 1.1.3603 , FFT 1.4.4136 , WhoIs 1.5.4093 , ServerInfos 1.1.3995 , Web - Thumb 1.1.3960 , PacketViewer 1.3.3577 , DiskAlarm 1.2.4370 , NetTraffic 1.2.4147 )
jv16 Powertools
jv16 Powertools 1.3.0.195 ( last uncrippled Freeware version )
OS : Win9x / ME/ NT4/2000/XP
jv16 PowerTools is a full set of tools to keep your computer up and running .
Until now your computer might have been the one who was in charge , but with jv16 PowerTools you can take control .
The program contains all the tools you need for cleaning , controlling and tuning up your computer .
Including a registry cleaner , duplicate file finder , temp file finder and much much more !
Installation note :
Do NOT run the program before you have copied it to its final destination .
If you move the program after you have used it even once it starts asking for a password and you must re-install the program before you can use it again .
Home Page ( commercial version )
Download ( 2146 kB )
Mirror ( 2146 kB )
RegCleaner
RegCleaner 4.3.0.780 ( last freeware version )
OS : Win9x/NT/ME/2000/XP
RegCleaner is an easy to use program .
With RegCleaner you can easily get rid of those old and obsolete registry entries created by software that you have destroyed ages ago .
And by easily , I mean easily .
You do n't have to be any expert to use this program .
Key Features : - Remove file types - Remove entries of old software - Uninstall and remove Software from the Add / Remove list - Remove unused DLL files - Remove unused Shared DLLs ( Automatically detected ) - Automatic backup feature Other features - Advanced automation .
You can easily create scripts to make many tasks much easier .
Please notice : Support for Windows 95 is limited , all the functions are n't available under Win95 .
Also , RegCleaner does n't work on many multi processor systems , usually it starts ( you can see it with the task manager ) but it stays invisible .
Home Page : ( N/A )
Download ( 505 kB )
Mirror ( 505 kB )
PowerArchiver
PowerArchiver 6.11 ( last freeware version )
OS : Win9x/NT/ME/2000/XP
Full built - in support for ZIP , CAB , LHA ( LZH ) , TAR ( + TAR.GZ , +TAR .BZ2 ) and BH ( BlakHole ) archives and XXE and UUE Internet encoded files .
Built - in support for reading and extracting : RAR , ARJ , ARC , ACE , ZOO , GZIP and BZIP2 archives .
Multiple disk spanning , passwords , comments , renaming files in archive , installing archive , checking archive for viruses , integrated viewer with support for TXT , RTF , BMP , JPG ( JPEG ) , ICO , WMF and EMF files .
Create ZIP , RAR , ACE , ARJ , LHA and BH SFX archives .
Complete integration with Windows Explorer : d&d , powerful Explorer Shell Extensions .
and more ...
Home Page ( commercial version )
Download ( 2065 kB )
Mirror ( 2065 kB )
REAPER
REAPER 0.999 ( last freeware version )
OS : Windows 2000 / XP / Vista
REAPER is a powerful but sensible Windows application designed for the recording , arrangement , editing , mixing and rendering of audio .
REAPER provides a flexible but easy to use interface that is equally suited to amateurs and professionals alike .
Home Page ( shareware )
Download ( 1089 kB )
On the dark side of the Earth , the solar wind stretches out Earth ’s magnetic field , forming a region known as the magnetotail .
When it is stretched too far , it snaps , releasing energy that creates a pair of counter - spiralling vortices in the solar wind .
One vortex sends particles into Earth ’s ionosphere ; charged particles return up through the other vortex , completing the electrical circuit ( Illustration : A Keiling et al / THEMIS / NASA )
On the dark side of the Earth , space is riddled with giant plasma tornadoes that power shimmering auroras , new observations reveal .
Researchers operating the five spacecraft of NASA ’s THEMIS mission reported the discovery today at the European Geosciences Union meeting in Vienna , Austria .
They were measuring how the solar wind , a flow of charged particles from the sun , interacts with Earth ’s magnetic field .
On the Earth ’s dark side , the solar wind stretches out the field , forming a region known as the magnetotail .
The magnetotail is like a rubber band ; when it is stretched too far , “ eventually it snaps and releases the energy ” , says team member Andreas Keiling of the University of California , Berkeley .
Advertisement
Counter spirals
The sudden energy release creates a pair of counter - spiralling vortices , which THEMIS detected by measuring the speed and direction of the solar wind in the magnetotail .
Each one is 70,000 kilometres long and wide enough to envelop the Earth ( see illustration ) .
One vortex in the pair sends particles spiralling along Earth ’s magnetic field lines until they hit molecules of the ionosphere 400 km above the surface .
The energy released by the collisions creates the auroral glow , like the gas in a neon light .
Charged particles return up through the other vortex , completing the electrical circuit .
The vortices appear every three hours or so , and each one channels a current of 100,000 amps into the ionosphere while it is there .
Little warning
Indeed , magnetometers across North America confirmed that auroral events happened about a minute after THEMIS registered the formation of vortices in the magnetotail .
Also , the auroras moved towards the poles in pairs , mirroring the paired vortices in space .
Though the discovery will help researchers understand more about what drives space weather , it wo n’t help us avoid the disaster scenarios such weather can cause ( see Space storm alert : 90 seconds from catastrophe ) .
“ It takes about a minute from when the tornado forms for it to propagate down to the ionosphere , ” Keiling told New Scientist .
“ Any warning has to come before that . ”
The observations are limited , and it is not yet proven that all auroras are caused by giant space tornadoes , but Keiling thinks this is likely .
“ A tornado will be involved at some point in the process , ” he says .
See a gallery of auroras
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter
LiteFlick a jQuery lightbox plugin based websites which brings today ’s most interesting photos from flickr.com and it ’s totally different from Yahoo !
Images features .
Within a click you can see the images and even without refreshing pages again and again — you can enjoy the flickr ’s photos within short time with faster experiences .
LiteFlick brings 10 x 8 grid of photos which looks great and it ’s better though flickr.com showing on search with details information and the users identity .
On liteflick by one search you will 80 photos per seconds and easy to get detailed information .
In below you will get most popular tags and as well related tags which makes you more happy .
More then hundreds or thousands pages may generate , you can see all pages by clicking next pages option .
In search bar their is two options — username based search or any text .
When user base it will show photos from specific user based storage and when text it will be whole flickr based .
On left hand side , you will see recent and interesting options which inspiriting you to visit or surf more on liteflick .
Someone asked that question when the tiny shuffle came out , so we tried it .
Well , we did n't , but we found someone who did :
The very sweet sword - swallower Heather Holiday , from the Coney Island Circus .
Advertisement
Heather is a professional sword swallower .
Someone with no gag reflex — or better said , trained to suppress it while swallowing 36 - inch long solid steel swords down her throat .
No tricks , no smoke and mirrors .
She 's the real deal .
I saw her swallow an entire — and very large — soup spoon with my own eyes in a second .
She did n't even blinked .
She gobbled it down like I eat maple - syrup - bathed buttermilk pancakes .
Advertisement
Needless to say , she had the right credentials to try our test : Swallow the tiny , 1.8 x 0.7 x 0.3 - inch
iPod shuffle and then take it out again , after we have listened to a couple of songs thanks to the in - cable remote control — which is a bad idea for regular use , but it 's great to play songs when someone has the iPod down the esophagus .
G/O Media may get a commission First Bag Free
Unfortunately , as you will see in the video , she was n't able to do it for a number of reasons .
First , the iPod shuffle is way too light .
Apart from controlling your gag reflex , her technique for swallowing swords use the force of gravity to pull them down .
She also uses her esophagus muscles to control how fast it gets in her body , but the gravity is what pull downs the sword .
With the iPod shuffle — which is only 0.38 ounces or 10.7 grams — this was impossible .
The iPod just hanged there and had to be pushed with her hand or a large object — like a spoon — to get into the entry of her throat .
However , from there it was not possible to make it go down .
Advertisement
Click to viewHeather thinks she can do it with more training — or maybe pushing it with something larger — so she took the iPod with her and will be back when she can do it .
Until then , here 's the answer to the question :
No , you can't swallow the iPod shuffle , even if it 's small enough to get it in .
If the iPod shuffle is sword - swallower proof , it 's certainly child - and moron - proof .
Heather Holiday photo by Roma Steel
[ Check Heather Holiday 's page here ]
Headquarters , Washington
202-358-0668
grey.hautaluoma-1@nasa.gov
Jonas Dino
Ames Research Center , Moffett Field , Calif .
650-604-6512
jonas.dino@nasa.gov
Frank Curran
Universities Space Research Association , Huntsville , Ala .
256-971-0243
fcurran@usra.edu
Grey HautaluomaHeadquarters , Washington202-358-0668Jonas DinoAmes Research Center , Moffett Field , Calif.650-604-6512 Frank CurranUniversities Space Research Association , Huntsville , Ala.256-971-0243
RELEASE : 09-013
NASA Selects Teams for Moon Impact Observation Campaign
MOFFETT FIELD , Calif . -- NASA has selected four teams to observe the impact of the Lunar Crater Observation and Sensing Satellite , known as LCROSS , with the lunar surface during the mission 's search for water ice on the moon .
The LCROSS mission is a small companion mission to the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter , scheduled to launch from Cape Canaveral , Fla. , in spring 2009 .
Instruments aboard the satellite are designed to search for evidence of water ice on the moon as the spacecraft collides with a permanently shadowed crater near one of the moon 's poles .
The resulting debris plumes are expected to be visible from Earth with telescopes 10 - to - 12 inches in diameter or larger .
These chosen observation teams will provide additional data and analysis about permanently shadowed craters to help researchers determine if water exists on the moon and in what form .
The LCROSS mission and the Universities Space Research Association , or USRA , of Columbia , Md. , established specific selection criteria .
USRA administered the rigorous selection process .
" The LCROSS team is extremely pleased with the quality of proposals received , " said Jennifer Heldmann , lead for the LCROSS Observation Campaign at NASA 's Ames Research Center in Moffett Field , Calif .
" The contributions from the selected observation proposals will contribute substantially to the LCROSS mission .
" The selected proposals are :-- Accessing LCROSS Ejecta : Water Vapor and Particle Size and Composition from Keck , Gemini , and the IRFT Telescopes ; principal investigator Eliot Young , Southwest Research Institute in Boulder , Colo . -- LCROSS Lunar Plume Observations with the Apache Point Observatory ; principal investigator Nancy Chanover , New Mexico State University in Las Cruces .-- Multi-spectral Imaging of the LCROSS Impact ; principal investigator Marc Buie , Southwest Research Institute .--
Searching for Polar Water Ice During the LCROSS Impact Using the MMT Observatory ; principal investigator Faith Vilas , University of Arizona in Tucson .
"
We are proud to be a part of the process that will enable these very important observations and look forward to working with the principal investigators and our NASA counterparts to ensure success in the observation campaign , " said Frank Curran , director of USRA 's Operations in Huntsville , Ala .
Curran was USRA 's coordinator for the selection process .
On the night of the impacts , the LCROSS science team will be in constant contact with professional astronomers to provide live targeting information .
This information is crucial to ensuring the astronomers point their large telescopes correctly to capture the exact moment of the impacts and the resulting debris plumes .
NASA 's Ames Research Center developed the LCROSS science payload .
Ames also is managing the project and conducting mission and science operations .
NASA 's Lunar Precursor Robotic Program at NASA 's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville managed the cooperative agreement with USRA .
The Universities Space Research Association , established in 1969 by the National Academy of Sciences , is a private , nonprofit consortium of 102 universities offering advanced degrees in space - and aeronautics - related disciplines .
For more information about the Lunar Crater Observation and Sensing Satellite mission , visit :
http://www.nasa.gov/lcross
For more information about the LCROSS Observation Campaign , visit :
http://lcross.arc.nasa.gov/observation.htm
For more information about the Universities Space Research Association , visit :
http://www.usra.edu
- end -
text - only version of this release
NASA press releases and other information are available automatically by sending a blank e-mail message to hqnews-subscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov .
To unsubscribe from this mailing list , send a blank e-mail message to hqnews-unsubscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov .
Back to NASA Newsroom | Back to NASA Homepage
Yesterday , KissMetric came out with one those fancy infographics .
This one about Quora .
It is a nice looking infographics but with a huge problem .
The numbers behind the " Quora Growth Metrics " are from Compete , a completely unreliable source of data .
KISSmetric note that " This graph is based on speculative data from compete.com , not definite numbers from Quora . "
Speculative being the keyword here .
Compete is not a trustworthy source of information .
I am surprised by the number of sites who keeps using them without questioning the data .
All it takes , is for you to compare your own site , with what Compete reports .
Here is an example from this site .
The yellow line shows the absolute unique visitors reported by Google Analytics ( which I use ) .
The blue one is Compete .
As you can see , Compete is all over the place .
Some days it is only 5 % off , but the next day it is 57 % off .
In July , Compete even claimed that I had 16 % * more * traffic than what I actually had .
And in 2011 it has not even been close to the actual numbers .
Compete fluctuates between being 5 % - 73 % wrong .
The only one worse than Compete is Quantcast .
It is just useless .
Quantcast is consistently 89% - 99 % wrong .
This is a problem with pretty much every 3rd party source .
You might think this is not a big deal , but it does have a negative impact on where companies place their ads .
One example , Google 's Ad Planner reports that I have 70,000 unique visitors , but that is only 10 % of the actual traffic .
When people use that service to check up on this site , they get the wrong picture .
As a result , I do not sell the ad spot .
Note : Earlier today , I allowed Google Ad Planner to access to my actual data , but it will take 48 hours before you might see any change .
The only service out there , providing any form of useful data , is Alexa .
It does n't give any specific numbers , only vague percentages , but the pattern is spot on .
Here I have superimposed the graph from Google Analytics ( in green ) with the one from Alexa ( blue ) .
The point is that marketing people , news sites , and journalists must stop using data from these sources .
They are inaccurate , causing more harm than good .
You are better off not knowing , than to rely on wildly misleading data .
And if you are a journalist or a media site ?
Do n't mislead your readers .
Read also :
" Reddit : We Have More Traffic Than You Think " - Quantcast , Compete and Nielson reported 1 million visitors , Reddit actually has 8 million .
" Real Social Data , Please ! " - debunking another analytic analysis based on inaccurate data .
An Allenspark man accused of yelling at a U.S. Census Bureau worker while holding an assault rifle faces a charge of felony menacing , according to the Boulder County Sheriff ’s Office .
Terence Housh , 53 , was arrested Friday after census worker Alex Goulder called police to report the altercation .
According to an arrest report , Goulder approached Housh ’s property to verify the address and Housh said , “ This is private land .
I ’m not telling you anything . ”
Goulder said he showed his ID badge , tucked a flier into the door and began recording the house ’s location , at which point Housh came outside and told Goulder he was trespassing .
Goulder left and worked at other houses , but had to drive by Housh ’s residence because the circular road only exited near the home .
When Goulder drove by , Housh was standing in front of his house yelling and holding a large black firearm .
Goulder said he drove by quickly and did n’t see Housh point the gun at him , but he feared for his life .
When police contacted Housh , he said he had an assault rifle on his lap the entire time , like he always does , but had done nothing wrong .
Census workers will continue to be in Boulder County through this week
Get more Boulder County News at DailyCamera.com .
With Democrats in control of the New York state Senate , a medical marijuana bill has for the first time been passed by a Senate committee .
In previous years , medical marijuana bills had managed to pass in the House , but not in the Republican - controlled Senate .
The bill , S04041 , passed the Senate Health Committee Tuesday .
It must now pass the Senate Codes Committee before proceeding to a Senate floor vote .
The identical House version of the bill , A7542 , has been referred from the House Health Committee to the House Codes Committee .
Under the bills , New Yorkers suffering from a " serious condition " can be certified by a physician as benefiting from the use of medical marijuana .
It also creates a registry program .
Any patient or caregiver registered with the state would be able to possess up to 2 ½ ounces of marijuana and up to 12 plants .
With friendly leadership in both chambers , New York could become the 14th medical marijuana state .
But time is running out -- the session has only about a month to go , and leaders have plenty of other issues on their plates .
Both the Drug Policy Alliance and the Marijuana Policy Project have been involved in pushing for the legislation .
In my earlier rant against the current - gen Frankenstein graphics cards , a couple of people were quick to point out that while modern - day system - specs are indeed impenetrable to most people , the good old days of PC gaming were n’t much better .
In the early 90’s , we had to fiddle around with config.sys and autoexec .
bat to get games to work , make special boot disks , and know what freaking port and IRQ thingjigger our soundcard was hooked into .
It was appalling .
She 's not a 10,000 polygon bump - mapped model , but Cate Archer of No One Lives Forever 2 manages to look pretty dang good .
Okay , her outfit is over - the - top , but that 's the fault of the 60's spy movie heroines she 's sending up , not the graphics engine .
Those were the rough and tumble years before the new technology settled into place and was packaged and distilled for the average consumer .
PC Gaming was a niche back then .
And as much as I hate to say it , I think Windows was good for PC Gaming .
It handled that stupid memory management / soundcard nonsense and gave developers a “ stable ” platform on which to build .
Once you ’ve paid the overhead in memory and performance , having an operating system there is actually pretty nice .
It eventually made it possible for non-technical people to play some PC games .
About the time TV commercials for videogames start showing up you can say the hobby has come into its own and it ’s time to start acting like responsible producers .
If you ’re advertising to the Average Joe , then Joe had darn well better be able to use the thing when he gets it home .
And there was a period of time where that was ( mostly ) true .
PC Games peaked somewhere between 1997 and 2002 .
That was our golden age .
It was after the stone age of DOS , but before the four horsemen of bugs , DRM , graphics fixation , and console - itis came in and made a mess of things .
We had graphics cards that opened up a new age of 3d , but they were simple to buy and would last for years .
( They could arguably outlast your PC .
Mine did . )
Check out the games of 1998 : 1998 StarCraft , Unreal , Fallout 2 , Grim Fandango , Half - Life , Thief : The Dark Project Four franchises saw their beginning in 1998 .
The only sequel of note was Fallout 2 .
( It was , sadly , pretty buggy .
But ONE buggy sequel and FIVE incredible new games is a complete inversion of what we ’re getting these days . )
I played four of those games again this year .
1999 System Shock 2 , Quake III Arena , Unreal Tournament , Planescape : Torment , Age of Empires II : The Age of Kings , Sid Meier ’s Alpha Centauri , Homeworld , Outcast , Kingpin : Life of Crime , Rollercoaster Tycoon I own every single one of those .
I ’d call most of them classics .
I could fire up any one of them right now and have a blast .
( Okay , maybe not Kingpin , but still .. that was a really good year . )
2000 The Sims , Deus Ex , Diablo II , Escape from Monkey Island , The Operative : No One Lives Forever , The Longest Journey Another banner year .
Again , this is ignoring the lesser games , and expansion packs .
I think what makes the Golden Age of PC Gaming so special is that we were in a sweet spot , visually .
Graphics were at the point where games could be immersive and atmospheric , but they did n’t cost a fortune to produce .
As development became more complex and costs rose , other aspects of the game had to be cut to pay for the bling - mapping .
I ca n’t imagine ever getting another game as immense as the original Unreal .
I ca n’t imagine getting another game as deep as System Shock 2 or Deus Ex . ( Both BioShock and Deus Ex 2 were greatly simplified when compared to their predecessors . )
We have less room for risky new ideas like Thief .
Sure , graphics are better now , but we have sacrificed almost every other aspect of gameplay to get those graphics .
A few games manage to get good graphics , and gameplay , and stability , and half - decent backwards compatibility ( Half - Life 2 comes to mind ) but most fail to deliver on at least two of those .
Sometime around 2002 backwards compatibility began to shrink , so that you needed to stay a little more up - to - date to be able to shop in the “ New Releases ” section .
Graphics cards started to get harder to understand .
Release & patch became the common solution to dealing with the expense of playtesting .
Games got shorter & shallower .
Every time I bring this up I get people posting helpful suggestions like , “ Yeah it sucks buy a console and stop whining . ”
Which misses the whole point of these posts .
I ’m not complaining because I can’t figure out where in this great big world I have to go to get more games .
I ’m talking about this stuff because it needs to be said .
Look at titles like Haze , Crysis , and Quake 4 .
Think of the millions and millions of dollars being wasted on these short , dull tech demos .
Think of the games we could be playing with that kind of cash being thrown around .
I played Quake 4 a while back .
It was shallow , but amusing .
But I ’ll bet for the budget of Quake 4 you could ( if you dialed back the graphics to 2002 levels ) build a breakthrough along the lines of Thief or System Shock 2 , with the added bonus that just about every PC out there would be able to run the thing .
Imagine , you could spend the same money and make more money and give customers more value .
As always , I ’m watching what the indie developers are doing .
They do n’t have the luxury of making these kinds of mistakes once , much less year after year .
Indies do n’t quite have access to cheap tools that can give us Golden - Age graphics without a lot of additional work , but the tools are getting better every year , and the gap left by big - name publishers is getting ever - wider .
It ’s also worth noting here that Good Old Games is a new site that will be selling DRM - free versions of the classics for cheap .
The public beta starts soon .
I already own most of those games , but once the place opens up I ’m going to go fishing and see if there ’s anything I missed .
For $ 5 – $ 10 USD , you probably ca n’t go wrong .
Just for fun :
Name a few of your favorite games .
I ’m willing to bet if we collected a list of favorite PC games from people old enough to remember all three ages of PC Gaming , we would see that the games form a Gaussian distribution somewhere around 1997 - 2002 .
Here ’s to the Golden Age .
May our emulators never fail us .
When I was in college 35 years ago , there was a major fad of neo -Malthusian doom - mongering , led by the “ Limits to Growth ” book and movement .
A retreat was organized from the college , and some concerned , environmentally conscious professors and students , myself included , went off for a concentrated seminar in which we educated each other about all the models and dire predictions of the coming collapse .
My roomate became especially concerned , and got hold of the “ World Dynamics ” modelling system and language ( “ DYNAMO ” ) and the Club of Rome model and ran it on Drew University ’s IBM 1130 computer .
Our 1130 had less processing power than a modern calculator watch and a grand total of 16,234 bytes of memory .
It chugged through this simulation of all the Earth ’s economy , resource extraction , technological development , and ecological impacts in just a few minutes , and spat out the graphs telling us we were all doomed .
My roomate got an “ A ” from his concerned professor , graduated , and went on to be a successful business executive .
Limits to Growth is a breathtakingly simplistic model of the phenomena it claims to explain .
As one modeller of the period writes in a re-assessment of its hubris ,
During the past 30 years I have contributed to this oeuvre in various ways , beginning
with a long - range forecast of technical developments concerning energy ’s impact on
the global environment [ 1 ] .
In the early 1970s I also began using MIT ’s DYNAMO in
building models embracing energy , environment , population , and economy .
One of
those exercises , a long - term look at CO2 emissions from fossil fuel combustion and their
role in future global warming , was published in 1974 , when few people were interested
in such a topic [ 2 ] .
The reception given to The Limits to Growth [ 3 ] , the most celebrated forecast of
its time , which used DYNAMO to model the entire world , made me very uneasy about
long - range predictions .
When taking the model apart , line by line , I was particularly
astonished by the variables labeled Nonrenewable Resources and Pollution .
Lumping
together ( to cite just a few of scores of possible examples ) highly substitutable but
relatively limited resources of liquid crude oil with unsubstitutable but immense deposits
of sedimentary phosphate rocks , or short - lived atmospheric gases with long - lived radio -
active wastes , struck me as extraordinarily meaningless .
Despite the fact that some writings identiﬁed major ﬂaws of The Limits to Growth
right after the book ’s publication [ 4 , 5 ] , too many people took seriously this grotesque
portrayal of the world that pretended to capture the intricate interactions of population ,
economy , natural resources industrial production , and environmental pollution with
less than 150 lines of simple equations using dubious assumptions to tie together sweeping
categories of meaningless variables .
Limits to Growth was roundly trashed by most economists and spent 30 years in the dustbin of history .
Even its simplistic model had to be finely tuned : modify just 3 of the parameters by 10 % and no collapse occurs .
But the pendulum has swung back and the acolytes of neo-Malthusian apocalypticism are again in full cry .
In recent months the blogosphere has been echoing with claims that lo and behold , the Limits to Growth scenarios have been coming true over the past 30 years :
A real - world analysis of a controversial prediction made 30 years ago concludes that economic growth cannot be sustained and we are on track for serious economic collapse this century .
The reality behind these rumors is this report by Graham Turner of CSIRO Sustainable Ecosystems .
Turner compared real - world statistics to the LtG projections since the 70s and finds that they match , which he claims is evidence that the models must be right .
What did he actually find ?
In the following , the observed data , running from about 1970 to 2000 , is the purple lines with the filled circles .
The model we are interested in — the one that it ’s claimed the data support — is the green one with open diamonds .
( The blue open boxes line is the virtuous “ sustainable ” world with a per-capita industrial consumption of — I kid you not — $ 350 per year .
( see page 7 here and footnote ) )
All the y - axes are normalized to arbitrary units in the paper .
Here ’s the graph for population :
Sure enough , population went up along the growth track that ’s a simple extrapolation from previous growth rates .
It fits the LtG model because the LtG model matches a simple exponential growth rate to present date .
More to the point , it matches the standard mainstream demographic projections :
— which are based on assumptions of steady economic growth throught the century .
There ’s no indication whatsoever that it ’s about to peak as LtG predicts .
Turner ’s paper gives no hint of what he considers to be a null hypothesis , or what he would consider to be a falsifying mismatch of the data to LtG predictions .
Here ’s the graph for “ services per capita ” — the upper purple curve is electricity , the bottom ones are literacy (! ) :
This parameter shows again just how lousy LtG is as a model of any kind of causality .
Literacy rates are strongly affected by worldwide religions which prohibit the education of women ; electricity rates , and thus usage , are affected by everything from resource depletion , which they are trying to measure , to political distortion of technology substitution .
Even so , the real - world graphs are just as consistent with a slow - growth or leveling - off null hypothesis as they are with LtG .
No hint of a collapse is to be found .
Here ’s food per capita :
You would expect food per capita to level off rather than to increase exponentially — once gastronomic satiety is achieved , additional wealth is spent on other pursuits .
The actual data fit this null hypothesis perfectly , with no evidence whatsoever than a catastrophic drop is eminent .
Next is industrial output per capita :
Again , perfectly consistent with a standard growth curve with no reason to believe that the LtG has anything to do with reality .
Note that the recent dip in output has nothing to do with resource depletion , and everything to do hubristic modellers messing with things they did n’t understand .
Here are non-renewable resources , particularly fossil fuels , shown with upper and lower bounds :
The key to understanding this graph , and indeed the entire LtG mindset , is that they assume there is a fixed amount of something we can’t do without , and then predict that if we continue to consume it , we must necessarily run out .
Note , by the way , that even the “ sustainable ” prediction runs out too , as it must .
It just takes longer .
Perhaps one of the reasons that LtG got such play in the 1970s was that they were actually experiencing what was effectively “ peak oil ” , as I argue here .
But the history since then actually bolsters the substitutability argument more than it does a finite - resources point of view .
First , rising prices spur development and new technologies make recovery of hitherto expensive resources cheap .
This effectively increases the supply .
Second , in the case of energy , other ways of getting the same effect are found , such as buying insulation instead of more heating oil .
One of the worst effects of apocalypticism is that it often impedes these efforts and thus becomes a self - fulfilling prophecy .
A classic example is the strangulation of nuclear power in the US contemporaneous with LtG .
All our currently - running reactors are designs from the 1970s .
Compare today ’s computers with 1970s ones and see how different the reactors might be today if the same kind of development had taken place .
And finally we have the graph for pollution :
This graph is a case of a complete bait - and - switch .
The “ actual data ” line has nothing to do with anything that was considered pollution in 1972 ; it ’s CO2 .
CO2 is a very cheesy proxy for pollution , since the Earth has a hormesis response to its levels : too little of it would be as disastrous as too much ( ice ages ) .
Meanwhile , the levels of actual pollutants have gone down in the more advanced industral societies even as they have gone up in the more recently - developing ones such as China .
History indicates that pollution levels rise with industrialization to a certain level and then decline , a phenomenon that LtG completely ignores .
( and if we ’re substituting , why ca n’t we have “ computing cycles per capita ” in Services ? )
So I would claim that this graph is comparing apples and oranges and says nothing substantive .
The point of LtG was n’t about the nice exponential growth we ’ve actually seen between 1970 and now ; it ’s about the collapse they predict in 20 more years when we run out of everything .
As the acolytes of apocalypticism at New Scientist put it :
The book predicted that the 21st century would see mass starvation and economic collapse , as humanity exhausted natural resources .
…
But [ Turner ’s ] study in 2008 showed that the book ’s predictions of changes in industrial production , food production and pollution had been largely correct [ . ]
But this is idiotic .
All Turner ’s figures show is that we ’ve been on a nice , steady exponential growth curve .
They say nothing whatsoever about “ mass starvation and economic collapse . ”
The paper makes not even the slightest attempt to distinguish cases which would support a simple null hypothesis of continued growth from those which would support LtG .
There is not one shred of evidence — none — to support the latter .
Solving a problem starts with knowing that you have one .
Project Kaisei vividly shows how discarded plastics are clogging the ocean ,
causing a major problem for the planet ’s vital “ blue heart ” ,
entangling marine life and insidiously killing as it accumulates in the food chain ,
from tiny plankton to great whales .
Best of all , the mission highlights hope with ideas for positive action
Mr. Cheney claims that the waterboarding saved thousands of lives .
Most accounts that do n’t come from officials involved in the formation of those policies suggest that that is not the case .
The question needs to be answered so Americans can decide if they want to buy into Mr. Cheney ’s view that the ends always justify such barbaric means .
Americans also need to know who pushed the Justice Department lawyers to twist the law and the Constitution to excuse torture .
And we need to know the legal reasoning , if any , behind former President George W. Bush ’s decision to authorize illegal tapping of Americans ’ telephones and e-mail accounts .
We need to know the legal reasoning , planning and authorization behind Mr. Bush ’s program of “ extraordinary rendition ”  in which people were abducted and sent to countries where it was obvious to all that they were in danger of being tortured , or would be tortured .
Until these questions are answered , there is no way to ensure that these abuses will never be repeated .
And the only way to get those answers is with a full investigation that has both stature and subpoena power .
The report on detainee abuse in Iraq , released by the Senate Armed Services Committee this week , showed how decisions made at the White House on detainee abuse led directly to Abu Ghraib .
Among the documents that still need to be released is a Justice Department report on the attorneys who wrote the torture apologias .
It was finished last year , but it was bottled up by then - Attorney General Michael Mukasey , who wanted to give those very lawyers a chance to read and amend it .
The C.I.A. should also declassify its inspector general ’s report on detainee abuse .
This post is a bit different from my usual content .
It 's not about Haskell or functional programming , and not strictly about software .
But I think it 's a nice little brain teaser that may be of interest .
Some may view it as too much tedium ( congruent to 3 or 4 mod 5 in Knuth 's scoring system ) , but I found the multitude of beautiful patterns in this problem interesting enough that I did n't notice the tedium .
Consider a chessboard with squares numbered as follows ( in octal ) :
8| 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 7 | 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 6 | 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 5| 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 4| 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 3| 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 2| 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 1| 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 a b c d e f g h
This is a natural 0 - 63 ( decimal ) numbering where the 3 high bits ( first octal digit ) of the position index indicate the row and the 3 low bits ( second octal digit ) indicate the column .
This is n't the only way the chessboard can be enumerated .
Consider the following numbering scheme ( also in octal ) :
8| 64 04 14 24 26 16 06 66 7| 05 65 34 44 46 36 67 07 6| 15 35 74 54 56 76 37 17 5 | 25 45 55 75 77 57 47 27 4| 21 41 51 71 73 53 43 23 3 | 11 31 70 50 52 72 33 13 2 | 01 61 30 40 42 32 63 03 1| 60 00 10 20 22 12 02 62 a b c d e f g h
You might want to take a moment to analyze the patterns in this numbering .
They 're very interesting .
The bottom line is that the location of a piece can be described using 6 bits and some known numbering system .
Therefore , all possible locations of one piece are equivalent to all 6 bit numbers .
All possible arrangements of two pieces can be enumerated with a 12 bit number , 6 bits for the location of each piece .
( Note that this representation includes positions where two pieces are on the same square , but we wo n't worry about that for the purpose of this problem . )
And of course this can be extended to more pieces very easily .
But instead of just storing 6 bits of one piece and then 6 bits of the other , it 's useful to put the 3 high bits of each piece together and the 3 low bits together .
To illustrate , let 's assume that our piece list is an array {rook , king} and their positions are another array { 052 , 046} ( octal .
I 'll use the C notation of starting with a leading zero to denote octal from now on . ) .
Our index for this position will be the 12 bit number 04562 .
To make it very clear , the ordering here is : piece 1 high bits , piece 0 high bits , piece 1 low bits , piece 0 low bits .
The nice thing about having this index all in one number is that you can do operations on all the piece positions at the same time rather than looping through an array handling each piece location individually .
It is useful to be able to flip the board in different directions .
When there are no pawns , there are 3 ways to flip the board that do not change the meaning of the position .
You can flip around the horizontal , vertical , and diagonal axes .
If you are using the first square numbering , you can flip a single piece position around the horizontal axis by calculating highBits XOR 7 .
You can flip around the vertical axis by calculating lowBits XOR 7 .
And you can flip around the diagonal axis by swapping the high bits and low bits .
But that 's for a single piece .
For an n-piece endgame position index with the high and low bits together as described above , the following C code will do it .
const uint numBits = 3 * numPieces ; const u64 lowBits = ( ( 1ULL << numBits ) - 1 ) ; const u64 highBits = lowBits << numBits ; //
Flip around horizontal axis flipped Index = index ^ lowBits ; // Flip around vertical axis flipped Index = index ^ highBits ; // Flip around diagonal axis flippedIndex = (( index&highBits ) >> numBits ) | (( index&lowBits ) << numBits ) ;
Again , this code works for the first square numbering .
The puzzle is to write code that does these flips for the second square numbering .
Now the easy way would be to create three tables of 64 values each that you can use to look up the flipped squares .
But in order to use that , you 'd have to loop through each piece , extract the piece 's location from the index , lookup that square in the table , and store the flipped square into the correct bits of the new index .
Looping through the pieces is slow .
How can you do it without having to loop through the pieces ?
Fixed Ambassador not using hitboxes to trace against players .
It now works like all other bullet - firing weapons in the game
Fixed Ambassador shooting through gates
Fixed Ambassador not critting during the round win period
Fixed control point not being named correctly on Arena Sawmill
Fixed cloaked Spies being able to taunt attack
Fixed
Spy feign death not being reflected in scoreboard
Fixed Jarate effect on DX8 machines
Fixed rare crash in Spy " A Cut Above " achievement
Fixed the backpack icon appearing over the " Could not connect to Steam " message in the client inventory
Fixed German localization string for respawning players showing %1
Updates to Team Fortress 2 have been released .
The updates will be applied automatically when your Steam client is restarted .
The specific changes include :
予想外にあっけない幕切れだった。NoScript 1.9.2.6がリリースされ、1.9.2.4で問題になっていたホワイトリストは自動的に削除されるようになった。そして、二度と追加されることはない。NoScriptの作者Giorgio Maone氏は、公式サイトのほか、自己のブログにも謝罪文を掲載した（『Dear Adblock Plus and NoScript Users , Dear Mozilla Community』）。
大きな反響をいただき、台湾からのトラックバックさえあった『Adblock
Plus vs. NoScript』の続報である。筆者は対立が長引くと見ていたのだが、わずか数日でNoScriptが全面的に譲歩する結果となった。Maone氏の謝罪文には経緯も説明されているので、まずはそれを見てみよう。
NoScript作者から見た争いの経緯
やはり今回の争いの発端はEasyListにあった。フィルターセットと呼ばれる、Adblock Plusがカットする広告のリスト。その中でも最も有名なのが、このEasyListだ*1。そこにNoScript関連のドメインが追加されたのだが、当初、Maone氏がWebサイト側の設定でそれをかわそうとすると、リストのアップデートが行われるという応酬が一週間ほど続いたようだ。最終的にリストの設定は非常に強力なものとなり、広告をカットするだけでなく、NoScript等をインストールするためのリンクも正常に動作しなくなったという。
広告収入を減らされ、しかもサイトの動作を阻害されたと感じて怒り心頭に発したMaone氏は、NoScript関連のドメインで上記フィルターセットを機能させなくするスクリプトを書いて、NoScriptに追加した。Maone氏は自家製ホワイトリストと表現しているが、Adblock Plusの作 者Wladimir Palant氏は 、Adblock Plusの一部機能を無効にされたと受け取った。この点に関連して、コードを難読化したかどうかが問題になっているのだが、Maone氏は否定している。読みやすいコードではないにせよ、わざと読めなくしたことは一切ないと。ただ、一部の「データ」を読みにくくしたことは認めている。EasyListの管理人による対抗措置を困難にするためだったらしい。
Maone氏の説明では、そのバージョンをリリースした後になって、別の拡張機能（この場合はNoScript）からAdblock Plusのホワイトリストにドメインを追加できることに気づいたのだという。また、Palant氏は触れていなかったが、この時点で同氏からMaone氏へメールがあり、NoScriptの措置に問題があるとの指摘がなされた。そこでMaone氏は、独自のスクリプトを使わず、上記ホワイトリストに自己のドメインを追加することに決めた。しかし、ユーザーへの説明は自己のサイトやMozilla Add-ons（AMO）で行えば十分と判断した。Maone氏によれば、その旨を含むメールをPalant氏に送ったが、返事がなかったので、異議がないと考えたのだそうだ。
そして、懸案 のNoScript 1.9.2.4がリリースされる。これもMaone氏の説明だが、リリース後すぐに、措置が不十分だと悟ったという。起動時に意図を説明し、明示的にユーザーの承諾を得るようにすべきだったと。実際、リリースから半日と経たないうちにAMOからメールがあり、次のバージョンではオプトイン用のダイアログを追加すべきと提案された。
だが、事態の進行速度は、Maone氏の予想をはるかに超えていた。AMOのレビューは批判の嵐となり、NoScriptのフォーラムにも非難の声が相次いだ。本家スラッシュドットで大きく騒がれ、Maone氏に届いたメールもかなりの量だったらしい。どうやら、Palant氏のブログ記事の影響は大きかったようだ。
話はそれだけでは終わらない。Maone氏がユーザーの承諾を求めるよう変更したNoScript 1.9.2.5をAMOに提出してレビューを申請したときには、AMOのスタンスも厳しくなっていたのである。オプトイン用のダイアログを追加するだけでは不十分であり、そもそもAdblock Plusのホワイトリストへの追加はNoScriptの機能と関連しないから、そのような措置は認められないと通告された。つまり、NoScriptがホワイトリストに手を出すこと自体がアウトになったわけだ。
Maone氏は書いていないが、この通告は非常に重い。NoScript 1.9.2.5をAMOで公開することができず、かといって何もしなければ、同等以上の問題を抱える当時のNoScriptについて、掲載の継続そのものが危ぶまれるからだ。Maone氏も白旗を揚げざるを得なかった。こうして、NoScript 1.9.2.6が急遽リリースされる運びとなった。
なお 、Maone氏がフォーラムで説明しているところでは、問題のホワイトリストを削除しても次回起動時に再度書き込みが行われるのは、意図的ではなく、純粋なバグだったそうだ。
Every household in Britain should by 2020 be able to cut its energy bills and carbon footprint using " smart meters " and handheld devices to control energy use closely , the government said today .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Britain plans to replace all existing electricity and gas meters -- often clunky objects hidden away amid domestic clutter in dark understairs cupboards - with easily viewed devices that show consumers exactly how much energy they are using , including by individual appliances .
The hope is users will change their behaviour to save money .
The meters will also help homeowners sell electricity from green technologies like roof - top wind turbines back to the grid while improving energy demand forecasts and network management .
" The meters most of us have in our homes were designed for a different age , before climate change .
Now we need to get smarter with our energy , " Energy and Climate Change Secretary Ed Miliband said .
" Smart meters will empower all consumers to monitor their own energy use and make reductions in energy consumption and carbon emissions as a result .
Smart meters will also mean the end of inaccurate bills and estimated meter readings . "
The government estimates that smart meters could deliver net benefits of between 2.5 billion pounds and 3.6 billion pounds over the next 20 years .
In April the government set a 2020 target to cut greenhouse gas emissions by 34 percent compared with 1990 levels , making it the first country to bind itself to a framework for emissions reductions .
But the necessary renewable energy growth and efficiency improvements have been small .
A consultation on how to install and run smart meters across the country will run until July 24 , 2009 .
The Energy Retail Association of Britain 's biggest suppliers said the government should follow up with swift action to get the meters rolling .
" We 're delighted that the Government has finally announced its commitment to enable energy companies to put smart meters in every home , " Garry Felgate , Chief Executive of the ERA , said
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
" However , we are still waiting for more detail on the meters themselves and the timetable for the project . "
THREE OPTIONS
The government said it would prefer energy suppliers to install and maintain the devices , while communications with them would be coordinated by a third party across Great Britain .
The other options being considered are for energy suppliers to manage all aspects including communications , or where regional franchises manage installation and operation with communications managed nationally .
British Gas , which is trialling the meters in almost 50,000 homes and businesses , backs the government 's choice .
" We believe the central communications model is best for customers , as it will speed up the roll - out of the technology by almost four years , " Phil Bentley , the managing director of Britain 's biggest energy supplier said .
Smart meters are seen as a first step towards creating " smart grids " where consumers can adjust electricity use to benefit from cheaper energy at times of low demand , including charging electric cars , and reduce consumption at peak times .
The older meters , many installed in the 1970s , show the total amount of electricity and gas used since installation .
TuneCore is poised to partner with Amazon 's on - demand CD - printing - and - distribution service , Wired.com has learned .
It 's a deal that could put powerful new physical publishing options in the hands of musicians , even as the world goes increasingly digital .
The service is expected to be announced Thursday , linking Amazon with TuneCore , a novel digital distribution startup that ’s made waves signing the likes of Trent Reznor , Keith Richards and other stars seeking a way out of the label system , as well as slews of garage bands and hopefuls on their way up .
Tunecore will charge just $ 31 a year in upfront fees to handle a 10 - track CD from pressing to delivery , passing all other costs through to the buyer .
In other words , the service promises to remove nearly all of the risks of short - run CD manufacturing , which can cost musicians hundreds or even thousands of dollars for discs that rarely sell enough to cover expenses .
" As an artist , you have unlimited physical inventory , made on demand , with no upfront costs and worldwide distribution to anyone who orders it at Amazon.com , " said TuneCore CEO Jeff Price , formerly of indie label SpinArt Records ( Pixies , KaitO , Apollo Sunshine ) .
The deal comes as physical music sales are tanking and as major CD distributors like Amazon seek to evolve to a digital model .
Yet Price suggests that there may be life left in good old physical storage media , with a slight twist .
Why would people buy music on CD if it's also available in iTunes , Amazon MP3 and other digital stores ?
" Why not ? " responds
Price , who says he believes the costs are so low it will makes sense for lots of bands to try it out .
" Let the music fan decide how they want the music . "
In addition to competing with downloads and streaming , one obvious drawback to this model is that you can't sell an on - demand CD at shows , where enthusiastic fans are most likely to pick one up .
But Price says labels wondering why artists still need them now have yet another thing to worry about .
When you can sell CDs on Amazon for 30 bucks , who needs a label ?
Certainly not Reznor , an early TuneCore adopter who once paid the service 38 bucks to distribute a quadruple - length album through Amazon MP3 .
Amazon already offered on - demand CD printing through its CreateSpace acquisition , for a flat fee of $ 5 per disc .
TuneCore 's massive footprint means far more bands will use that service , because it's now just another checkbox in the system they already use .
For TuneCore , the deal expands its primary business helping indie artists get digital distribution through online outlets such as iTunes , Napster and Amazon MP3 .
TuneCore will now compete directly with CDBaby , the current leader in low - volume CD manufacturing and distribution .
CDBaby charges $ 278 for 100 discs , although it recently lowered its minimum order to just five copies .
Brooklyn - based TuneCore gave us a peek inside its accounting system , which shows the most successful artists on the service regularly earning upwards of $ 20,000 per month .
Chump change this is not .
As with its digital distribution service , TuneCore passes 100 percent of Amazon 's payout to the artist — about 40 percent of the retail price .
If one of Amazon 's 80 million customers buys your 10 - song CD on Amazon for $ 8.98 , you 'll receive $ 3.59 .
After selling just nine discs , you 're in the black .
TuneCore takes care of the UPC code , artwork , bar code , CD label design and so on , so that artists can concentrate on writing songs — and cashing checks .
The on - demand CD partnership with Amazon is just the latest in a long string of successes for the 2006 startup , whose distribution catalog dwarfs those of the labels .
" There 's more music released in one day on TuneCore than there is on a major [ label ] in the course of a year — in three days , more than all the majors combined , and within a month , all the majors and indies combined , " explained Price .
" TuneCore artists have generated over $ 32 million in revenue from music sales over the past 22 months .
" Some of the artists , frankly , have been selling more than the Billboard Top 40 artists , " he added .
" It 's just not being picked up by the mainstream places [ like SoundScan ] that track sales . "
As their label contracts expire , some fairly heavy hitters are signing up for TuneCore .
In addition to Reznor and Richards , the service now handles distribution duties for Joan Jett and other luminaries .
But unsigned bands are always found among TuneCore 's top sellers .
For instance , Never Shout Never sold over 250,000 songs in 60 days , as well as 30,000 T - shirts ( also handled by TuneCore ) .
Universal Music Group — the biggest record label in the world — has also partnered with TuneCore to offer additional services to its indie artists .
For $ 50 , Universal 's Grammy - winning producers will master your music for CD before it gets distributed .
And for another as - yet undisclosed fee , Universal 's art department will also design the high - resolution PDF that iTunes now requires with each album submission — all they need is four images and the names of your songs .
TuneCore has other plans in the works :
Amazon will launch a TuneCore - branded section next month .
A TuneCore widget will soon allow bands to distribute tweets and songs to fans .
If you sell 100 songs in the New York or Los Angeles area , you get to play Le Poisson Rouge or The Roxy , earning a guaranteed minimum of $ 100 — even if no one shows up .
TuneCore is working on a deal with live music behemoth Live Nation / House of Blues that would give artists who sell a certain number of songs a live gig , also with a minimum guarantee of $ 100 .
If you sell enough songs through TuneCore , MusicNotes will score one of them into downloadable sheet music so that others can learn how to play your music .
Another deal rewards bands who sell a certain number of songs with 16 packs of Ernie Ball guitar strings and 8 packs of bass strings for free , every month .
Yet another deal lets bands who hit certain metrics offer fans the chance to wrap Blackberries , computers and other gadgets with an image of the artist .
A TuneCore iPhone app will soon allow 30 - second and full - song streams for participating bands .
Here 's how you can distribute a CD through Amazon using TuneCore .
Once you 've signed in , click Add Album :
Then you enter some basic information and choose which stores you 'd like to stock the album :
Here 's the part that deals with Amazon 's on - demand CD service :
gmail
Then it 's time to pick a cover for your CD .
There are hundreds of options , and you can upload your own artwork :
Add tracks and liner notes , and you 're just about there :
Pick a design for the disc itself , and you 're done – now , all you have to do is wait for those Benjamins to roll in :
See Also :
May 21 , 2009
After the return of the delegation of the Federation of Austrian - Arab Doctor from their visit to Gaza , where they could see the devastation and destruction left by the Israeli war machine during the so - called " Operation Cast Lead " , a meeting was held in Vienna where Dr. Tarek Afifi , who was in the delegation , told his colleagues about his observation in Gaza .
He described his feelings during the visit in such awful words that they can not be described in an English language .
He said , that he felt death inside him during his visit to Izbat Abed Rabbo , a small village of farmers near Beit Lahia in the north - east of Gaza Strip .
He said that the smell of death was suffocating when he saw the ruins of a big house and the pieces of an ambulance buried under it .
In the windows of ambulance he saw some pieces of clothes of the medical team which was killed inside the ambulance while trying to get out victims of the Israeli bombing .
Dr. Afifi then related the story of Abu Tareq , Mohammad Abed Rabbo , a volunteer worker in charge of the so - called camp which was established on the ruins of Izbat Abed Rabbo .
Abu Tareq had told him how they murdered two of his children before his eyes , and also the story of the three young girls ( Samer age of 9 , Amal age of 7 , and Sahar age of 4 ) who were murdered by an Israeli criminal while he was eating chocolate .
Abu Tarek said that when the ambulance came to evacuate the three young girls to the hospital , the Israeli criminal , the same soldier who had murdered the girls , shot a rocket on the house , which collapsed over the ambulance and everybody inside the house .
Abu Tarek said that another Palestinian who was riding a carriage pulled by a horse passed by the victims and he tried to help get them out , but the jewish soldiers completed their massacre by shooting the horse and his owner .
Dr. Tarek also mentioned the medical situation in the hospitals of Gaza .
He related that 500 kidneys patients face death because the filters for the kidney support equipment is over .
He also mentioned the miserable situation at the Egyptian border at Rafah , and how the Egyptian workers at the border are unfriendly and humiliate the people who want to access Gaza .
He said that the visit of his delegation to Gaza had been coordinated with the Egyptians at the Rafah border , but that after their arrival at 7 AM , the Egyptians said that the intelligence officer in charge of opening the border had not arrived .
But " soon " took hours : at 2 PM they Egyptians said that the officer had arrived but the border was closed for the day , and invented that the Arab Doctors visit was not coordinated .
Then they asked again , and they were finally allowed to cross the border after seven more hours of waiting .
Dr. Afifi saw many people waiting at the Rafah border , among them a Christian Peace delegation praying while they waited for admission to Gaza .
They told him that they had been praying there during the last four days .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Native pollinator specialist Robbin Thorp , emeritus professor of entomology at the University of California , Davis , just returned from a scientific trip to southern Oregon and Northern California to see if he could find the critically imperiled Franklin ’s bumble bee .
No luck .
He did n’t see a single one .
“ But the season is still young , ” he said , hopefully .
Each year since 1998 , Thorp has conducted scientific surveys in the bumble bee ’s narrow range of distribution .
He annually makes three to five trips of several days each .
In 1998 , he sighted 100 Franklin ’s bumble bees ( Bombus franklini ) .
“ It was relatively common then , ” he said .
“ It was within the top 10 of the 20 or so species I was searching for . ”
Thorp has seen it only once since 2004 .
“ The last time I saw it was in August 2006 at Mt. Ashland when I spotted a single , solitary worker . ”
Franklin ’s bumble bee is a distinctive black - faced insect splashed with yellow markings on its thorax and top of its head .
“ It has a solid black abdomen and a black inverted U - shaped design on its yellow thorax . ”
He fears that Franklin ’s bumble bee may be extinct , and that other bumble bees are at risk of extinction .
Thorp , a fellow of the California Academy of Sciences since 1986 , will discuss “ The Plight of the Bumble Bee ” from 12:10 to 1 p.m. at on Wednesday , May 27 in 122 Briggs Hall , UC Davis .
The talk will be Webcast live in a pilot project spearheaded by UC Davis entomology professor James Carey , chair of the University of California Committee on Research Policy .
Interested persons can sign up to view the Webinar at breeze.ucdavis.edu/ucsnbugs / .
The presentation also will be archived at entomology.ucdavis.edu/news/webcastlinks.html .
The decline , disappearance and possible demise of Franklin ’s bumble bee , is closely linked to the widespread decline of native pollinators in North America , Thorp said , and should concern all facets of society .
“ The loss of a native pollinator could strike a devastating blow to the ecosystem , economy and food supply . ”
“ One of the main reasons the Franklin ’s bumble bee is at risk is because it has such a small geographical range .
It has the most restricted distribution range of any bumble bee in North America and possibly the world .
Its range is about 190 miles north to south and 70 miles east to west in a narrow stretch between southern Oregon and northern California between the coast and Sierra - Cascade ranges . ”
Its known distribution includes Jackson , Douglas and Josephine counties in Oregon and Siskiyou and Trinity counties in California .
It lives at elevations ranging from 540 feet in the north to 6800 feet in the south .
Franklin ’s bumble bee , named in 1921 for Henry J. Franklin , who monographed the bumble bees of North and South America in 1912 - 13 , frequents California poppies , lupines , vetch , wild roses , blackberries , clover , sweet peas , horsemint and mountain penny royal during its flight season , from mid-May through September .
It collects pollen primarily from lupines and poppies and gathers nectar mainly from mints .
It ’s not just Franklin ’s bumble bee that ’s at risk , Thorp said .
Populations of the Western bumble bee ( Bombus occidentalis ) and two close relatives in the east , the Rusty - patched bumble bee ( B. affinis ) and the Yellow - banded bumble bee ( B. terricola ) are rapidly dwindling , too , he said .
Bumble bees , commercially reared to pollinate greenhouse tomatoes , peppers and strawberries , pollinate about 15 percent of our food crops , valued at $ 3 billion , he said .
Wildlife , including birds , elk , deer and bears depend on pollination of fruits , nuts and berries for their survival .
“ We ’re disturbing , destroying and altering the habitat where the native pollinators exist , ” Thorp said .
Provided by University of California
Explore further Commercial bees spreading disease to wild pollinating bees
Website error pages are perhaps one of the most overlooked pieces of a fully rounded website .
Not only are they important but they give you the opportunity to have a little fun .
Although many web developers rely on server logs to keep an eye out for hits on error pages , I 'm going to take a different approach by using a PHP generated email .
In addition , we will spice up the design a bit , add basic navigation and link to the website sitemap .
About Error Pages
The most common error page - the one in which you are most likely to be familiar with - is the " 404 Not Found page " .
More people encounter this type of error page than any other .
Other common error messages you may have come across are 500 Internal Server Error , 400 Bad Request or 403 Forbidden .
Wondering what the number is for ?
It simply refers to the HTTP code .
Default error pages are quite boring ( as you can see above ) and offer no purpose to visitors other than letting them know some boring error happened .
For these reasons , it is a great idea to provide custom pages for the most common errors encountered .
This tutorial will only cover two : the " 404 Not Found " and " 403 Forbidden " .
Check for custom error page support
First , check to make sure your hosting provider allows you to use your own error pages .
Almost all of them do , and most of them even provide a configuration area within your control panel to help you quickly create the pages .
In this tutorial we will configure an Apache web server ( the most common ) .
This is easier than you might think .
Configure .htaccess
Next , connect to your server via FTP or control panel and navigate to the document root directory ( usually www or public_html ) which contains your website files .
We will be looking for the .htaccess file .
It is sometimes hidden so make sure you are viewing all files including hidden ones .
If your server does n't have one , you can create one using any text editor .
Make sure to make a backup of the .htaccess file if your server already has one .
Add the following lines to your .htaccess file :
The first half ( ErrorDocument 404 ) is telling the server we are going to define the location of the 404 error document .
The second half defines the actual location of the error document .
In this case we will put it in the " error " directory and call them 404. php and 403. php , respectively .
Now save the .htaccess file and upload it to the document root directory .
Design the Custom Error Pages
It is best to stay with the same design as your website already uses so that you do n't confuse your visitors and risk losing them .
You should also include helpful elements such as a polite error message , suggested links , a search feature , or a link to your sitemap .
These features will depend on the level of content your website provides and what you feel will be most helpful .
As you can see below , the 404 Not Found page for Nettuts + has stated the error and emphasized the search feature by including it in the body beneath the error message .
You could take this a step further by including a short list of links to possible pages which might encourage the visitor to continue exploring more of the site ( keep it simple and short though ) - or even a humorous image ( every one likes laughing right ? ) .
For small websites it may be a good idea to include a visible sitemap as well .
Here is something I put together for this tutorial that you can use for your website as well ( included in the download above ) .
It 's very simple so you will be able to put the content of it directly into your existing website template .
As you can see , I attempted to include a little bit of a humorous element while also stating the error politely and including some options to help the visitor either find what they were looking for or continue browsing the website .
You 'll notice it does not specify the HTTP error code in the body of the page .
Instead I chose to only use the error code in the title of the page .
The reason for this is to keep things as simple and user friendly as possible .
Most people do n't care what 404 or 403 means , they want to know what 's going on in plain English .
For people who want the error code , it is still available via the title .
If you want to see some really great 404 designs visit :
The Auto - Mailer PHP and Why We Will Use Email Notification
This is the part of the tutorial in which some web guru 's might argue with .
You can use your web server 's logs to check for error pages and much , much more .
Why do I choose email notifications ?
I do n't want to log into my server every day and dig through all that extra information .
I am available by email almost literally all day , the fastest way to reach me is email ( or twitter ) .
With this in mind , I want to know about 404 and 403 errors fairly quick so email is best .
An increasing number of people are starting websites , while most of those people know almost nothing about web hosting let alone server logs .
These people will only be running small sites ; so email is ideal .
Being notified right away allows me to quickly take action if a website of mine is being " harvested " ( ThemeForest templates ) , if someone is attempting to access something restricted repeatedly or if I have a broken link somewhere .
So with all that said , let 's get on with the code shall we !
The Code
First , we will create a file named error - mailer .
php which will be used to collect information about our visitor and send the email .
Once you have created the file we will start by specifying our email and email settings .
Then we will collect information about our visitor such as IP address , requested URI , User Agent , etc .
The following code will collect that information .
Now we will write the script to email the information to us with the details specified earlier .
We are using the phpMailer class to do this as demonstrated by Jeffrey via the ThemeForest blog to create a nice AJAX contact form .
This version of the phpMailer class is for PHP 5 / 6 so if your server is running PHP 4 you will need to use the corresponding version by downloading it here .
404.php and 403. php Error Pages
The last thing we need to do is customize the error pages we designed earlier by sending the proper headers and set the $ error_code variable by inserting the following code at the beginning of each page respectively ( separated by -------).
What we are doing here first is setting the correct HTTP header to return 404 Not Found and 403 Forbidden , respectively .
When search engines accidentally land on this page we want to make sure they know what kind of page it is , instead of thinking that it 's a normal web page named 404. php or 403. php .
Then we specify the error code to be used in the mailer script and include the mailer script so it can do its work .
This way if we make a change to the mailer script , we only need to edit one file instead of two or more ( if you setup additional custom error pages ) .
Conclusion
There you have it !
Your own custom error pages that are search engine friendly , and let you know via email when you 've had a visitor as well as all the information you will need to fix any problems .
A few last things to consider :
Cucusoft Video Converter Ultimate is the best and most powerful sofrware for users to convert videos to be played on all kinds of portable devices .
And also it can convert video to any other video formats .
Why use Video Converter software ?
Video Converter software can help you convert video to MP4 / MKV / WMV / AVI and other popular formats such as : H.264/MPEG -4 AVC , FLV , 3GP , DivX , MOV , M4V , DivX , XviD , ASF , SWF , VOB , and HD video etc. with high speed and excellent sound / image quality .
And best Video Converter also possesses powerful video editing functions to help you customize video effect .
How do we review Video Converter Software ?
As a professional audio and video software web site , we will from the following aspects of the software carries on the comparison to facilitate the users to choose .
1. Feature Set
Video Converter software has some basic functions such as Tirm , Ctop , merge , oupput setting .
We will from the functional strength up to competitions .
2. Quality Guarantee
To give each product a proper ranking we looked at the stability of each product .
Stability encompasses the product 's ease of installation , available help , error messages and necessary additional downloads .
We believe that each DVD ripper software choice should be complete and ready to use from the time you purchase it , working without problems and providing necessary help as required .
3. Easy to Use
We will according to collecting the information of the user and a different brand of product interface , operation guide and other factors .
The combination of these factors we will use the product to convenience to give the most fair evaluation .
4. Ease of Installation
We will personally to try , and according to the time of installation , installation error probability and other factors evaluation is given .
RALEIGH , N.C. --
The traditional American hospital gown -- flimsy in front , open to the breeze in the back -- has been around about as long as the Band - Aid .
If anything , it has changed less .
The one - size - fits - none garment remains one of the least loved aspects of American medicine .
A bare - bottomed Jack Nicholson wore the most common model , open in back with a couple of ties , to comic effect in the 2003 movie " Something 's Gotta Give . "
Medical ...
Last week we featured a Round Up of houses from the United States .
So for you to start comparing different architecture at different places , we bring you our first Round Up of previously featured houses from Latin America .
Chile – Wall house / FAR frohn&rojas
Wall house innovates on house design , through a sustainable soft skin .
This house was awarded the 2007 AR Emerging Awards and selected as one of the 2008 Record Houses by Architectural Record .
With a limited budget , our office was asked to design a residence for a retired couple in one of the suburban areas that stretch out from the center of Santiago de Chile along the Pan - American Highway ( read more … )
Brazil – Vila Romana Residence / MMBB Arquitetos
The design of the Espirito Santo Residence is derived from the twin imperatives of topography and usage .
It is situated on a corner plot with views of the town ’s principal valley , with a drop of 10 meters from one side of the plot to the other .
The first question to be tackled was that of creating an artificial terrain that would allow for easy transit around the external areas and their use for day - to - day activities ( read more … )
Mexico – Aquino House / Augusto Fernández Mas ( K+A Diseño )
This single - family residence is located on a steeped lot in front of federal government lands and aside a river ; it entailed a series of building and environmental restrictions .
The sloped terrain made retaining walls necessary , as well as a drainage system to channel large amounts of rainwater .
The house is configured by orthogonal shapes and materials such as wood , stone and metal without artificial claddings ( read more … )
+ 5
Ecuador – Pentimento House / Jose María Sáez & David Barragán
A garden and a client without fear .
An architecture to be naked to connect with their surroundings .
Built with a single piece of prefabricated concrete , which can be placed in four different ways ( assembly ) which solves structure , wall , furniture , ladders , even a garden facade that is the origin of the project .
Outside is a neutral grid that is camouflaged like a fence or hedge .
Inside , each wall is different ( read more … )
Colombia – Ecological Shelters at Finca El Retorno / G Ateliers
The project is located in Guatapé - Antioquia , a place with natural potential for ecological tourism development just two hours from Medellín .
The design acknowledges the natural beauty of the site to create 8 ecological shelters that care to minimize the impact on the site and achieve a delicate fusion of architecture and place .
These shelters emerge from the topography and enhance the surrounding nature without competing with it ( read more … )
Television footage had shown his corpse but there were questions over whether the body really was the rebel leader .
Mr Muralitharan , who had served Prabhakaran for 20 years as his eastern commander , was sent to the battle scene to dispel doubts .
" There is no doubt , it is his body .
He was shot by the army , " he said .
May 20 , 2009
Dateline : Liberty Island
Imagine the temptation to write a caption saying that Fred R. Conrad of The Times has managed to get inside Liberty 's head .
We 'll resist it , however , and note instead that Mr. Conrad has created a 360 - degree view , panoramic in every direction , that can keep you busy until the crown reopens to the public on July 4 .
a bad week for science in politics
Science - illiterate politicians spent their week proudly showing their ignorance in Congress .
Discussions about global warming and certain lawmakers just do n’t mix .
Obviously they have a right to voice their opinions about climate change just like every one of us , but some of the things they say are so wrong or misguided form a scientific standpoint , one starts to wonder whether we should really trust them with looking after our nation .
Maybe they did n’t do all that well in science class ( as they like to remind us come election time ) , but do n’t they have staffers and advisers who could help them out with getting a grasp on what can only be described as middle school science ?
Rather than do just a little research or ask a knowledgeable person , they ’re going into the public eye and with absolute seriousness spout off their misconceptions .
Exhibit A is the now infamous incident in which Texas Rep. Joe Barton asked the Secretary of Energy Steven Chu about the origins of oil and how it got to Alaska , implying that hundreds of millions of years ago , Alaska must ’ve been warm for oil to form .
An incredulous Chu cautiously explained that the landmass that is now the state of Alaska was indeed warm at one time but eventually drifted with its oil deposits to its current location , something that most of us learned by age 11 and really should n’t be asking during an important hearing with smug smirks on our faces .
To make matters worse , Barton then bragged about “ stumping ” Chu and had the official GOP live blog call the answer he received “ perplexing . ”
So to sum this up , Barton was asking questions every middle school student should know before passing a basic science class test and his GOP colleagues are “ perplexed ” by seventh grade science .
And Rep. Barton is bragging about this , telling the world via his Twitter feed that he confused a distinguished scientist who was floored that an elected official could n’t grasp the concept of continental drift !
This is one of the lawmakers who will define our energy policy over the coming years and not only does he lack some of the basic knowledge he needs to make informed decisions about it , he ’s proudly putting his ignorance on parade to an audience of millions and thinking he ’s just outsmarted a Nobel laureate in physics .
Then , as if to compete with this appalling incident , House Minority Leader John Boehner decided to challenge the scientific consensus on excessive concentrations of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere by saying that “ the idea that carbon dioxide is a carcinogen that is harmful to our environment is almost comical . ”
Which it is .
Especially when we consider that carbon dioxide is not a carcinogen .
It ’s a greenhouse gas .
Having a very low concentration of it in our atmosphere is the difference between a moderate range of global temperatures and our planet being a mostly frozen slush ball due to our distance form the Sun .
So if just a tiny splash of carbon dioxide is what ’s keeping us warm , what happens when we start adding on to that with wild abandon ?
And if the planet gets too hot as it did during the Permian extinction which killed the vast majority of life on Earth 250 million years ago ?
That would n’t be harmful to the environment ?
That goes double for Michele “ The Government Will Put Young People In Brainwashing Camps ” Bachmann , who in a recent speech to Congress declared that carbon dioxide is a natural gas and that it makes up 3 % of our atmosphere .
Here ’s another byproduct of natural processes .
Gamma rays .
They do n’t just come from an exploding nuclear warhead and they ’re perfectly natural .
But they ’re lethal to all known life in powerful enough bursts .
Bachmann sounds like a homeopath telling us that anything natural must be good for us even though nature can just as easily kill you as nurture you .
The other problem with her lecture is the fact that if we really had a 3 % concentration of carbon dioxide in the air , Earth would be an arid desert where complex life would have to evolve very differently to survive .
Instead , that concentration is just 0.03 % and as mentioned above , it ’s potent enough to give us our moderate climates rather than keep us in a permanent ice age .
What ’s really sad is that Barton , Boehner and Bachmann are just using the latest iteration of arguments given by other lawmakers who sincerely believe that the discussion about global warming is some sort of nefarious socialist conspiracy to either defang American industry or start a UN led New World Order .
These are people being paid with money taken out of every paycheck we receive and rather than help us make decisions which will help us in the long run , they choose to spend their time arguing about things they clearly do n’t have any real grasp of and are too self - assured to ask an adviser or a staffer to do a simple , two minute fact check .
from the book “ Anything You Want ” : My $ 3.3 M mistake 2009-05 - 27
Ever since I was a teenager , my dad would occasionally send me things to sign — things for the family business .
I did n’t understand the complexities of it , and did n’t need to , so I ’d just sign without question .
Four years before starting CD Baby , as I was recording my first album , I needed to borrow $ 20,000 to buy studio equipment .
My dad said , “ Instead of lending you money , start a corporation .
Then the family business can buy shares in your corporation . ”
So I did .
Because my band was called Hit Me , I called the company Hit Media Inc .
My dad ’s company bought some shares , and that helped me finish my album , and continued to run my record studio at a profit .
Four years later , I was living in Woodstock , New York , and started this little hobby called CD Baby .
The first time I got a check addressed to “ CD Baby ” , I brought it down to the bank and told the bank teller , “ I need to set this up as a new business , so let ’s open a new business account . ”
She said , “ Oh you do n’t need to do that .
You can just make it an alias on your Hit Media account . ”
At that time , Hit Media was a recording studio and booking agency .
It seeemed a little strange since CD Baby was definitely a new business , but it saved 10 minutes and $ 100 , so I said OK .
Four years later , CD Baby was doing really well .
A few million dollars in sales .
Probably half a million dollars in net profits .
I paid my dad back the $ 20,000 I borrowed .
I called up my accountant in January to say , “ OK .
I got all the accounting books balanced .
Should we file early this year ? ”
He said , “ Oh , you do n’t need to file .
CD
Baby is just a line item on your dad ’s company ’s tax return . ”
I said , “ Uh ... what ? ”
“ You did n’t know that your dad ’s company owns 90 % of CD Baby ? ”
“ Uh ... what ? ”
“ You should talk to your dad . ”
Yes , it turns out that one of those pieces of paper I signed without question had sold 90 % of the shares of Hit Media Inc to his company .
Then because the bank teller advised me to make CD Baby an alias of Hit Media , that meant my dad ’s company owned 90 % of CD Baby as well .
Oh , what a sinking feeling .
What I thought was my company all these years was not actually my company .
I owned only 10 % .
I could n’t be mad at my dad .
He was doing me a favor back then , and thought I knew the deal .
Nobody thought my little hobby was going to turn into a multi-million - dollar business .
It was my fault for not reading what I signed .
My fault for letting a bank teller ’s quick advice make that major decision for my business structure .
What made it even worse is that I could n’t just buy it back for the original $ 20,000 .
The IRS wo n’t allow that .
The only way was to pay full market value , as determined by an outside valuation company .
In the end , I had to pay $ 3.3 million dollars to buy back that 90 % .
By Dan Jones
Author , Summer of Blood
The anger in the air is palpable .
The ordinary people hold the political class in contempt .
The government is failing , as war and economic catastrophe are dealt with in increasingly unconvincing fashion by second - rate public servants .
There is , for the first time in a generation , a sense of revolution brewing .
This is not today 's Britain .
It is England in 1381 , the year that witnessed one of the greatest popular risings in our history : the Peasants ' Revolt .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Between May and November that year , England was seized by spasms of popular rebellion , provoked by poll taxes and a disastrous war , and underpinned by the common belief that the government was a pack of scoundrels .
Towns and villages from Somerset to Scarborough rose against their rulers , beating and sometimes killing MPs , lawyers , landowners and politicians , tearing down their homes and vandalising their land .
Bloody revenge
At the heart of the rising was a march on London on Corpus Christi weekend ( Thursday 13 to Saturday 15 June ) .
Traditionally this was a time of mystery plays and festive processions .
In 1381 , the main procession consisted of villagers from the Thames estuary marching along the pilgrim road between Canterbury and London , burning houses and taking political prisoners as they protested against their venal , incompetent masters .
The peasant 's revolt ransacked London before it was put down
When the protestors , led by their general Wat Tyler and the maverick preacher John Ball , reached London , they found they had significant common cause with the townsmen .
The London populace bore long - held grudges towards their own ruling elites - which included the oligarchic , super - rich merchant traders in the City as well as the hapless courtiers who governed in the name of 14 - year old King Richard .
Common fury with the state of lordship bound rural and urban rebels in a compact to clean up government .
So the town mice opened their gates to the country mice , and together they all set about the cats .
At first there were organised protests , attacks on specific , symbolic landmarks : the Savoy Palace , home of the powerful and unpopular duke of Lancaster , was burned to the ground ; the Temple , home of the legal profession , was sacked .
Prisons were broken open and the Tower of London , where the government had holed up , was besieged .
Demonstrations became riots .
A chopping block was set up at Cheapside , where the street ran sticky with the blood of the condemned .
Kind Richard II was only 14 years old when faced with the rebellion The Archbishop of Canterbury had his head hacked off on Tower Hill .
The Treasurer was murdered , as - in Suffolk - was a Chief Justice .
Some 140 Flemish merchants and their families were butchered on the banks of the Thames , in a shocking xenophobic massacre .
But for the luck of the young king , Richard II , and the fortitude of a few good men around him led by Mayor of London , William Walworth , the City would have been burned to the ground .
Tyler and his mob were eventually defeated at Smithfield , but it took nearly six months to calm the rest of the country .
Political revolt
The summer of discontent left a profound mark on the English political consciousness .
A few lines written , prior to the rebellion , by the Kentish poet John Gower , were suddenly recognised as an important tenet of government .
" There are three things of such a sort that they produce merciless destruction when they get the upper hand , " he wrote .
" One is a flood of water , another is a raging fire and the third is the lesser people , the common multitude ; for they will not be stopped by either reason or by discipline . "
I have thought many times during the past months that our politicians would benefit from revisiting the events of the Peasants ' Revolt .
In many ways it is a tale of mutual misunderstanding : the ordinary folk thought the worst of their politicians , and politicians saw their people as an economic resource , to be taxed and tormented as the necessities of government demanded .
The Black Death was a major factor in fermenting anti-government feeling
This government , like the government in 1381 , has been caught out by a global crisis of unprecedented severity .
In the fourteenth century it was the Black Death , which killed 40 % of Europe 's population .
The government 's reaction - to impose labour laws that stifled economic recovery but preserved the social hierarchy , was vastly unpopular , for it prevented ordinary people from improving their lives .
Now , it is the collapse in global credit which has brought a different sort of misery to millions .
No doubt there are many differences between 1381 and 2009 .
They were medieval , we are modern .
And history never repeats itself as exactly as historians sometimes wish .
But if I were an MP today , I would make it my business to learn the course and the lessons of 1381 by heart .
Then I would give thanks that there are no longer any chopping blocks at Cheapside .
Dan Jones is the author of Summer of Blood .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Hot Celebrity Trio Covers Marie Claire March 2009 ( Photos )
are currently promoting their newly released movie He 's Just Not That Into You and also grace the cover of Marie Claire magazine 's March 2009 issue .
This trio of gorgeous woman may well end up being the hottest cover of the month .
Check out February 's top celebrity cover girl 's here .
If you prefer the buff crowd over the glam crowd , we have some hot covers from Shape and Fitness magazine here .
Drew Barrymore recently revealed her new tongue piercing .
Be sure to check out her tongue bling here .
Another shot of our lovely trio below - with another view of Drew 's tongue piercing .
In my earlier blog in July ( http://pauravshukla.blogspot.com/2008/07/luxury-consumption-will-it-really-be.html)
I had stated that Luxury consumption will not affected as much globally by this recession .
However , within the last six months the market performance of luxury companies has made analysts shift from one end of the pendulum to another .
As many consumers look to cut costs for all their expanses to cope with this downturn , one would expect their overall spending patterns to be adversely affected , with the luxury goods segment being one of the hardest hit .
However , Robert Polet , chairman of the Gucci Group disagrees with most views .
While he agreed that consumer psyche vis -à - vis buying behaviour has taken a hit , he believes that his company is in the business of selling dreams – and you ca n’t put a price tag on a dream .
These views were captured in one of his interviews at INSEAD business school .
“ People buy our brands because they want to be a part of a particular dream …
So people before going into the store , they decide ‘ I would like to be part of that dream . ’
And that is an emotional decision .
It ’s an aspirational decision for many .
And they ’re seduced when in the store ; they ’re seduced by the product , by a really desirable product that you cannot resist …
This is not about selling bags or shoes or ties or suits .
This is about ‘ Would you like to be a Gucci man or a Gucci woman ? ’ ”
Polet stated that Gucci will take a less reactive approach to this recession rather than tackling the crisis head on .
This meant Gucci will not change its broad strategy but make several tactical changes only .
“ Let me just reaffirm the importance of actually sticking to your strategy because the strategy that you build around brands is the strategy for the longer term .
You manage brands for a long life or longevity , so you do n't sort of whisk them around every quarter or every year or every two years , and that is come hell or high water I would say .
But you know what , times change and there are things that you need to adapt to and in the short term – change your tactics . ”
Polet is now counting on Asia to cushion the Gucci brand from the shock waves of the ailing economy .
Gucci has already opened 24 stores in China while it had none just four years ago .
“ I 'm absolutely convinced of it and it 's actually happening as we speak .
Asia is delivering its part of the portfolio that we knew that it would deliver . ”
The three things I stated in one of my earlier blogs ( http://pauravshukla.blogspot.com/2008/07/luxury-consumption-will-it-really-be.html) and ( http://pauravshukla.blogspot.com/2008/08/managing-luxury-brands-in-recession.html) about mass consumption of luxury , global travel and the Asia impact still seem to be working .
( CNN ) -- Pirates off the eastern coast of Somalia picked the wrong target this week when they tried to attack a U.S. Navy ship , the Navy said Thursday .
Pirates off the coast of Somalia tried to attack the USNS Lewis and Clark on Wednesday .
The attempted attack happened Wednesday against the USNS Lewis and Clark , a dry cargo and ammunition ship that supports the U.S. Navy 5th Fleet and coalition ships in the area , the Navy said .
Two pirate skiffs pursued the Lewis and Clark for more than an hour as it headed north , the Navy said .
They got as close as one nautical mile from the ship .
The Lewis and Clark sped up and tried to escape the pirates , and the ship 's security team issued verbal warnings to the approaching skiffs , the Navy said .
The suspected pirates , who were then two nautical miles behind the Lewis and Clark , fired small arms at the ship .
They fell a mile short of the ship 's stern , the Navy said .
The Lewis and Clark sped up and the skiffs stopped their chase .
" The actions taken by Lewis and Clark were exactly what the U.S. Navy has been recommending to prevent piracy attacks -- for both commercial and military vessels , " said Capt .
Steve Kelley , commander of Task Force 53 , assigned to the Lewis and Clark .
" Merchant mariners can and should use Lewis and Clark 's actions as an unequivocal example of how to prevent a successful attack from occurring , " he said .
Evasive maneuvers and other defense measures such as on - board security teams have worked to protect other ships and their cargo , the Navy said .
That was the case late Wednesday morning in the Gulf of Aden , when a Greek vessel fended off a pirate attack .
The Greeks hit the approaching skiff , causing the pirates ' boat to capsize , the European Union 's Maritime Security Center said in a written statement .
A Spanish crew recovered seven pirates from the water and detained them , the statement said .
No casualties or damage was reported .
A Dutch cargo crew in the Gulf of Aden was n't so lucky Thursday , the maritime center said .
The small cargo vessel was hijacked , likely by Somali pirates , while sailing west in the transit corridor .
The crew of eight Dutch sailors , who had Coca - Cola on board , altered the craft 's course toward Somalia , the center said .
The crew is believed to be unhurt .
More than 30,000 vessels transit the Gulf of Aden each year , the Navy said .
So far this year , there have been 97 attempted attacks on merchant vessels , 27 of which have been successful , the Navy said .
The Lewis And Clark is one of six dry cargo / ammunition ships in the U.S. Navy 's Military Sealift Command , which delivers supplies to the U.S. military around the globe .
The ship also supported the counter - piracy task force in the area earlier this year , the Navy said .
All About Somalia • U.S. Navy • Pirates
woman 1 : I have no idea what to get my husband for his birthday .
Any ideas ?
woman
2 : Why do n't you give him a blumpkin ?
woman 1 : No , no , that will never do .
I gave him one of those last year .
woman 3 : Well then , how about a Crumpkin ? woman 1 : Perfect !
Now I just need to get some crack ...
Western Australia has rejected daylight saving in its fourth referendum on the issue in four decades .
With more than 70 per cent of the vote counted , almost 56 per cent of residents have voted no - the biggest no vote in WA 's history .
Yes campaigner Matt Birney says they are bitterly disappointed with the result .
" We take some heart in the fact that nearly 500,000 people voted for us and for our campaign , but it was n't enough .
That 's obviously a source of great disappointment not only to us but also to our supporters , " he said .
Mr Birney says he accepts the majority 's decision and believes this is it for daylight saving in WA .
" There 's no doubt this can't be re-visited .
" This is the final nail in the coffin of daylight saving .
In one fell swoop of democracy daylight saving has been defeated in this state . "
WA Labor MP and no campaigner Andrew Waddell believes changing demographics played a big part in the result .
" The younger people were more environmentally aware than previously so that would play in our favour , " he said .
" Plus the population itself is ageing and it seems that people who have gone through several cycles in their life realise that sometimes daylight saving works and sometimes it does n't but the net effect is it 's just not worth it . "
WA 's Electoral Commissioner , Warwick Gately , says there has been a subtle shift since the last referendum .
" When you look back to 1992 and before that the results were about 53 per cent ' no ' and 47 per cent ' yes ' , " he said .
Last vote ?
It is the fourth time the state has voted on the issue since 1975 , with more than 1.3 million West Australians casting their votes .
The result follows a three - year trial of daylight saving , which began on the last Sunday in October and ended on the last Sunday in March .
Business leaders have been funding and supporting the yes case , arguing that daylight saving makes it easier to deal with companies in the eastern states during the summer months .
But rural groups have been pushing a strong no case , saying winding back the clocks by an hour causes major problems for farmers .
The Western Australian Farmers ' Federation says the defeat of daylight saving in WA is a win for country people .
President Mike Norton says an overwhelming number of country people are against it .
" Even your larger rural voting areas like Bunbury , like Albany , like Geraldton , they were all very very high votes in the ' no ' , " he said .
" And there 's only the pockets around the metropolitan area that were really supportive of the ' yes ' campaign . "
He says the ' yes ' campaigners made a mistake relying on the younger vote .
" They believed that the younger generation were going to vote yes , " he said .
" Look I do n't know , from the polling that we 've seen , the younger generation were pretty evenly split on the issue . "
Earlier Premier Colin Barnett admitted casting a yes vote , saying daylight saving suits his lifestyle and is better for young families .
But he has ruled out holding another referendum on the issue during his time in office .
" If the vote is no , I suspect we 'll have another call for a vote in 10 years time for another referendum , " he said earlier .
" But I can assure people , as long as I am Premier of Western Australia , we 'll not have a referendum for many years . "
Queensland is the only other Australian state without daylight saving .
Hello readers of Wednesday Photos .
I am writing to let you all know that this website will be taking a short break from publishing weekly photos .
I have been seeing a decline in the number of photo submissions lately and I want to take some time to evaluate the site and its future .
I had hoped to run photos continuously for one full year , since it started the first week of 2009 .
Unfortunately I have not had enough time to market and promote the blog , and updating it on a weekly basis has become a big task .
I am so happy to have provided you all with eight months of wonderful photos , and I hope you will all enjoy this look back at the many , many photos that have graced this website since its inception .
I do have plans to do more with WednesdayPhotos.com in the near future , but there may be a few changes to the site or the project as a whole .
If you have any comments , suggestions , or simply some photos that you 'd like to share , please send them my way .
You know how to contact me !
wednesdayphotos at gmail dot com .
Thank you to all who have read this blog , and many , many thanks to all who have sent me photos .
Please stay tuned for more exciting changes with this site .
Gavin Hyatt of Witney , Oxfordshire went to the hospital with a bleeding belly button .
The doctor said " It was like something from Alien .
I did n't believe Gavin when he said something was coming out of his belly button until I saw him . "
That something was a 4 cm parasitic twin that had been stuck inside Hyatt for the last 30 years .
Hyatt told The Sun :
" At first I thought I had been stung by something due to the burning pain in my belly button .
" But there was no sign of anything on the skin .
Then I felt a large lump just above my navel , which was so painful that I nearly passed out .
" I could n't sleep and made an emergency appointment with the GP the next day .
" There was a red patch around the area which was hot to the touch .
Dr Santos felt it and said it was a hernia . "
Following on from the tiny Z - Nano and the Ultra - Slim Optical Bluetooth Mouse , comes this little gem from Japan .
Called the Lingo , it is claimed to be the world ’s smallest wireless mouse and with dimensions of 27.5 mm ( 1.08 ″ ) x 60 mm ( 2.36 ″ ) x 19 mm ( 0.75 ″ ) , that ’s not too difficult to believe .
The 800dpi Lingo Wireless
Mouse gets a range of about 10 m , around 15 hours of battery life and operates at a frequency of 2.4 Ghz .
The tiny USB 2.0 receiver appears to have a housing within the mouse too for when it ’s not in use .
A good idea , as it looks real easy to lose .
The Lingo is expected to go on sale in Japan next month for $ 50 , but keep an eye on stores like Japan Trend Shop who may release it locally .
Sources :
Technosite ( jp ) via CrunchGear
( Image : George Diebold / Photographer 's Choice / Getty )
BRIAN GREENE spent a good part of the last decade extolling the virtues of string theory .
He dreamed that one day it would provide physicists with a theory of everything that would describe our universe – ours and ours alone .
His bestselling book The Elegant Universe eloquently captured the quest for this ultimate theory .
“ But the fly in the ointment was that string theory allowed for , in principle , many universes , ” says Greene , who is a theoretical physicist at Columbia University in New York .
In other words , string theory seems equally capable of describing universes very different from ours .
Greene hoped that something in the theory would eventually rule out most of the possibilities and single out one of these universes as the real one : ours .
So far , it has n’t – though not for any lack of trying .
As a result , string theorists are beginning to accept that their ambitions for the theory may have been misguided .
Perhaps our universe is not the only one after all .
Maybe string theory has been right all along .
Greene , certainly , has had a change of heart .
“ You walk along a number of pathways in physics far enough and you bang into the possibility that we are one universe of many , ” he says .
“ So what do you do ?
You smack yourself in the head and say , ‘ Ah , maybe the universe is trying to tell me something . ’
I have personally undergone a sort of transformation , where I am very warm to this possibility of there being many universes , and that we are in the one where we can survive . ”
 We keep banging into the possibility …
There are numerous micro-stock websites that vector designers can design for and make consistent earnings through .
Envato runs a few stock sites , such as Graphic River , which you may be interested in participating in .
You may find the article on Freelance Switch about making money through selling your work on stock sites enlightening as well .
There are some great tips in that article .
I have quite a bit of experience working with Shutterstock and iStockphoto .
This tutorial details a professional workflow for creating vector illustrations and prepping the artwork for these sites .
I 've also included a bunch of time - saving tools and tips as well .
Let 's get started !
Introduction
The world of vector graphics opened it 's door for me after I discovered the royalty - free micro-stock community and the business possibilities for a start - up digital artist .
It 's been more than a year since my first vector uploaded to Shutterstock and then iStockphoto .
During this time I 've collected some knowledge of how to prepare vector illustrations for sale on micro-stock websites and I would like to share it with you in this tutorial .
Now I sell my vector illustrations royalty - free exclusively at iStockphoto , but I 'll tell you some tips for Shutterstock as well .
You Will Learn
How to create a vector illustration from sketch to finish in Adobe Illustrator according to the demands of micro-stock websites .
How to clean up your Adobe Illustrator file before saving it in EPS format .
How to find and close all open paths .
How to save EPS and JPEG files correctly for micro-stock sale .
You Will Need
Paper and pencil
Photo camera or scanner
Adobe Illustrator ( I used CS3 , but the method works with other versions too )
Drawing tablet
Scripts for Adobe Illustrator ( download them using links in this tutorial )
Want access to the full Vector Source files and downloadable copies of every tutorial , including this one ?
Join Vector Plus for just 9 $ a month .
Step 1 : Making a Sketch
Draw a sketch of your illustration .
I made this sketch with an H pencil and played with it until I was satisfied with the result .
Your sketch is a reference for forms and composition of your future illustration , so work on it .
Scan your sketch or photograph it .
As I do not own any scanner , I took a picture of my drawing with my camera and imported it into Photoshop .
Then I clean it up and saved it in usable size for Illustrator ( File > Save for Web & Devices ) .
My sketch is 600 pixels by 786 pixels .
Step 2 : Importing to Illustrator
Open Adobe Illustrator .
Create a new document 700 px by 800 px ( File > New ) .
Import your sketch to Illustrator ( File > Place ) .
Check the box Template .
Your sketch will be automatically placed on a separate layer with a lower opacity for your convenience .
You could move your sketch on the artboard to find the best position .
I placed my sketch a little bit to the right to give more space on the left part of the illustration .
Step 3 : Creating Shapes of the Boy
Create a new layer and name it " Boy . "
Using the combination of Pen ( P ) and Shape tools create the shapes of a boy .
Try to close all the shapes while you are creating them , as you need all your shapes closed in your final vector illustration for micro-stock sale .
I usually do n't stick to my sketch and try to experiment with the shapes .
I also refine my lines and shapes at this stage .
For example , I changed the shape of the eyes .
After you finish creating your shapes , your boy character should look like the image below .
Step 4 : Coloring the Boy Character
Now start selecting the shapes and coloring them .
At this stage you can send the parts forward or backward according to each other .
I like to add basic color to a character at this stage so that I have a nice difference .
This way it does n't get boring if I change the types of work during the process .
I do n't have any typical system for choosing colors .
Playing around with colors to see what looks better , works for me .
So far we have the basic colored shapes of a boy .
The details , shadows and highlights , as well as the map and hands of the boy , will be added after we finish creating and coloring other elements of this illustration .
Step 5 : Map
Create a new layer and name it " Map . "
Create the shape of the map using the Pen Tool ( P ) .
Using the Pencil Tool ( N ) , draw the shapes of a forest and lake .
Make sure you close them by holding the Alt key while drawing with the Pencil Tool ( N ) .
The shapes that reach the edge of the map should go beyond it .
Using the Pencil Tool ( N ) with a stroke color , no fill , and set to 1 pt , draw the paths in the forest .
The lines should reach beyond the main shape of the map .
Select them and expand ( Object > Expand ) , then check Fill and Stroke .
Use the Pen Tool ( P ) and Rectangle Tool ( M ) to create houses .
Select each shape with the Selection Tool ( V ) and color the shapes .
Duplicate the base shape of the map and put the copy in front .
Lock the base shape ( Object > Lock > Selection ) .
Now select all the shapes together with the copy of the main shape and press Crop in the Pathfinder menu .
Unlock the base shape .
You should have a result similar to the image below .
Now we will be making the folded edges of the map .
With the Pen Tool ( P ) or Line Segment Tool ( \ ) , draw the lines where the edges of the folded parts of the map should be .
Theses lines should go beyond the main shape .
Next select all the lines together with the map shapes and click Divide in the Pathfinder menu .
Ungroup the object .
Your map will be cut into small pieces .
Carefully group all the objects of each folded part of the map together .
Use the Direct Selection Tool ( A ) to color the darker and the lighter parts of the map .
Group the whole map together .
Use the Pencil Tool ( N ) to draw the shapes of the hands .
Color them , group and put them in front of the map .
Step 6 : Squirrel
Create a new layer and name it " Squirrel . "
Use the Pencil Tool ( N ) to create a rough shape of the squirrel .
Always close the shapes by holding down Alt .
Where the shape should close in a corner , use the Pen Tool ( P ) .
Use the Ellipse Tool ( L ) for the eyes .
For the whiskers use the Pen ( P ) or Pencil ( N ) Tools ( 0,5 pt , flat brush , white stroke , no fill ) .
Color the shapes .
Step 7 : Road Sign
Create a new layer and name it " Road sign . "
Using Shape Tool , create the shapes of the road sign .
I used the Rounded Rectangle Tool for the post and the Rectangle Tool ( M ) for the upper arrow .
To make the point of the arrow I added the point with the Add Anchor Point Tool (+ ) in the center of the right side of the shape and dragged it to the side with the Direct Selection Tool ( A ) .
Copy the shapes , reflect ( right - click > Transform > Reflect > Vertical ) .
Make two copies and position the lower arrows in their places on the post .
Use the Ellipse Tool ( L ) for the nails .
Color all the shapes .
Step 8 : Ground
Create a new layer and name it " Ground . "
Use the Pen Tool ( P ) to create the shape of the grass .
Close the shapes carefully .
I did n't follow the sketch precisely and extended the grass a bit to the left .
Use the Pencil Tool ( N ) for the rough shapes of the flowers and the Ellipse Tool ( L ) for bright shapes in the center of each flower .
Create stems of the flowers using the Pen ( P ) or Pencil ( N ) Tools ( 0,5 pt , flat brush , green stroke , no fill ) .
Using Pen Tool ( P ) create the shape of the road .
Use Pencil Tool( N ) for the stones .
Remember to hold
Alt while drawing the shapes to close them .
Color the shapes .
Step 9 : Sky
Create a new layer and name it " Sky . "
With the Rectangle Tool ( M ) , create a big rectangle the size of your artboard ( 700 px by 800 px ) .
Align it to Artboard using the Align palette .
Make a gradient that goes from a more intensive blue to a lighter blue .
I like to select a color , apply it to the gradient on both sides and then adjust each side in the Color palette .
Create shapes of the clouds with the Pen Tool ( P ) and apply the gradient to them using the same technique as with the sky , but make the colors lighter .
Use the Pen Tool ( P ) to create the shapes of the birds and color them .
Step 10 : Details , Shadows , and Highlights
At this point your illustration should look like the image below .
You can create a separate layer to place all the details , shadows and highlights of the illustration , but I will add the details on every layer one by one starting with the boy character .
Create the shapes of the shadows with the Pen Tool ( P ) and color them darker than the color of the main shape .
Repeat this process with the highlights on the hat , hair and the bottle etc. , but use lighter colors than the main shapes .
Create shapes for the cheeks and the shadow near the nose with a gradient from skin color to the darker color .
I decided to change the cheeks of the boy to smooth round ones at this stage .
Make the lines on the shoe soles by drawing two identical lines and placing them to the left and to the right of the white rectangle .
The lines should go beyond the rectangle above and beneath it .
Then blend them ( Object > Blend > Blend Options ... >
Blend distance > 4 px , then Object > Blend > Make ) .
Expand the strokes ( Object > Expand ... )
Copy the rectangle of the shoe sole and place it in front of the lines .
Select them all and crop ( Pathfinder menu > crop ) .
Use the same technique with the lines on the t- shirt .
I made the lines freehand in different directions .
Create the shapes of details , shadows and highlights on all the layers one by one .
At this point , you should have a finished vector illustration that should look like the image below .
But this vector is not yet ready for the sale on micro-stock website .
Now we will prepare this illustration for micro-stock sale .
Step 11 : Closing All Open Paths
Create the copy of your vector illustration file and name it " traveler_stock.ai " .
Open it in Adobe Illustrator .
Delete the layer with your sketch .
It is a raster image and we should have only vector in our file .
Your vector illustration should not contain any open paths .
The examples of open paths are : broken outlines of shapes , single points , or brush strokes .
Our illustration is rather complex , so it is difficult to find all the open shapes in it at once .
For this purpose you can use the Select menu , which is a free plugin for Adobe Illustrator .
Download it , install it and use it on your illustration to find all open paths .
After you 've installed it and relaunched Illustrator , you can find the script in Illustrator under Menu > Select > Open Paths Directory .
After that you can close them by hand or use other useful scripts for Adobe Illustrator , like Close Selected Paths and Close All Paths that you can download via this this link ( found on iStockphoto forum ) .
These plugins will brilliantly help you with your broken shapes , but they will do you no good with stray points and single strokes .
You should carefully separate these three types of open paths in your illustration and close them with a separate methods .
Stray points should be simply deleted and strokes should be expanded ( Object > Expand > Fill and Stroke ) .
After you 've installed the scripts , you 'll find them in File > Scripts Directory .
Step 12 : Check for Transparencies , Hidden and Locked Objects
Now that we have closed all the shapes in our vector illustration , we can check it for transparencies .
You can not use any transparencies in your vector for micro-stock sale because as you save it in EPS 8 format all your transparencies will become open shapes .
Check carefully for any transparencies that you might have used by mistake .
Also , go to the Object menu to see if there are any hidden or locked objects in your illustration .
If yes , unlock them and show them all by pressing Unlock All and Show All .
Step 13 : Making Groups
Go to every layer one by one and group all parts of every object together ( e.g. all parts of the boy character like basic shapes , details , shadows and highlights should be grouped together ) .
This is important because in the EPS 8 file that you will create later there will be no layers , and without objects grouped together you will have a mess of pieces for your client to download .
I also make the sub - groups inside of the bigger groups ( e.g. hat is a sub - group and boy is a group ) .
Step 14 : Cleaning Your Palettes
Go to your Swatches palette and click on the drop - down menu .
Click on Select All Unused ... and as all the swatches that you have n't used are highlighted , press on the Delete Swatch button .
Do the same with your Brushes palette .
Step 15 : Saving EPS 8 File
Go to File > Save
As , select the location and click on the drop - down menu , then choose Format > Select Illustrator EPS ( eps ) >
Save .
The EPS Options panel appears .
From the Version menu select Illustrator 8 EPS .
Leave the rest at the defaults and press Save .
You should now have an EPS file appropriate for sale on micro-stock website .
Step 16 : Saving JPEG
File
Go to File and select Save For Web and Devices .
When the window appears select JPEG as the type of file .
Go to image size tab below and set the height to 2800 pixels , the width will be automatically set to 2450 pixels .
The iStockphoto rule is that you need an image with the sides not smaller than 2800 px by 1900 px or visa verse .
Press Apply and Save .
For Shutterstock you need to save a much smaller JPEG file .
Use the same directions for that .
You can also save ZIP archive for uploading additional files to iStockphoto like AI files or different versions of EPS files .
For the last couple of months I 've been using a script for saving files for micro-stock website that my husband Alex wrote for me .
It is working great and saves me some time .
It is called " Save For Stocks " .
This script saves an EPS8 file , 2800 px by 1900 px JPEG for iStockphoto and a smaller JPEG for Shutterstock .
You can download it for free and read the instructions at my website .
Conclusion
At this point you should have a package of files ready for upload to micro-stock websites and sale .
I hope you enjoyed this tutorial and found the information useful and that it will help you with your micro-stock vector experience .
If you have other tips and tricks for preparing your vector illustrations for micro-stock websites , I would be happy to hear from you .
Below is another look at the final image .
Subscribe to the Vectortuts + RSS
Feed to stay up to date with the latest vector tutorials and articles .
The government is backing a project to install a " communication box " in new cars to track the whereabouts of drivers anywhere in Europe , the Guardian can reveal .
Under the proposals , vehicles will emit a constant " heartbeat " revealing their location , speed and direction of travel .
The EU officials behind the plan believe it will significantly reduce road accidents , congestion and carbon emissions .
A consortium of manufacturers has indicated that the router device could be installed in all new cars as early as 2013 .
However , privacy campaigners warned last night that a European - wide car tracking system would create a system of almost total road surveillance .
Details of the Cooperative Vehicle - Infrastructure Systems ( CVIS ) project , a £ 36 m EU initiative backed by car manufacturers and the telecoms industry , will be unveiled this year .
But the Guardian has been given unpublished documents detailing the proposed uses for the system .
They confirm that it could have profound implications for privacy , enabling cars to be tracked to within a metre - more accurate than current satellite navigation technologies .
The European commission has asked governments to reserve radio frequency on the 5.9 Gigahertz band , essentially setting aside a universal frequency on which CVIS technology will work .
The Department for Transport said there were no current plans to make installation of the technology mandatory .
However , those involved in the project describe the UK as one of the main " state backers " .
Transport for London has also hosted trials of the technology .
The European Data Protection Supervisor will make a formal announcement on the privacy implications of CVIS technology soon .
But in a recent speech he said the technology would have " great impact on rights to privacy and data " .
Paul Kompfner , who manages CVIS , said governments would have to decide on privacy safeguards .
" It is time to start a debate ... so the right legal and privacy framework can be put in place before the technology reaches the market , " he said .
The system allows cars to " talk " to one another and the road .
A " communication box " behind the dashboard ensures that cars send out " heartbeat " messages every 500 milliseconds through mobile cellular and wireless local area networks , short - range microwave or infrared .
The messages will be picked up by other cars in the vicinity , allowing vehicles to warn each other if they are forced to break hard or swerve to avoid a hazard .
The data is also picked up by detectors at the roadside and mobile phone towers .
That enables the road to communicate with cars , allowing for " intelligent " traffic lights to turn green when cars are approaching or gantries on the motorway to announce changes to speed limits .
Data will also be sent to " control centres " that manage traffic , enabling a vastly improved system to monitor and even direct vehicles .
" A traffic controller will know where all vehicles are and even where they are headed , " said Kompfner .
" That would result in a significant reduction in congestion and replace the need for cameras . "
Although the plan is to initially introduce the technology on a voluntary basis , Kompfner conceded that for the system to work it would need widespread uptake .
He envisages governments making the technology mandatory for safety reasons .
Any system that tracks cars could also be used for speed enforcement or national road tolling .
Roads in the UK are already subject to the closest surveillance of any in the world .
Police control a database that is fed information from automatic number plate recognition ( ANPR ) cameras , and are able to deduce the journeys of as many as 10 million drivers a day .
Details are stored for up to five years .
However , the government has been told that ANPR speed camera technology is " inherently limited " with " numerous shortcomings " .
Advice to ministers obtained by the Guardian under the Freedom of Information Act advocates upgrading to a more effective car tracking - based system , similar to CVIS technology , but warns such a system could be seen as a " spy in the cab " and " may be regarded as draconian " .
Introducing a more benign technology first , the report by transport consultants argues , would " enable potential adverse public reaction to be better managed " .
Simon Davies , director of the watchdog Privacy International , said : " The problem is not what the data tells the state , but what happens with interlocking information it already has .
If you correlate car tracking data with mobile phone data , which can also track people , there is the potential for an almost infallible surveillance system . "
In response to a series of reports by human rights organizations and international legal scholars documenting serious large - scale violations of international humanitarian law by Israeli armed forces in its recent war on the Gaza Strip , 10 U.S. state attorneys general sent a letter [ . pdf ] to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton defending the Israeli action .
It is virtually unprecedented for state attorneys general – whose mandates focus on enforcement of state law – to weigh in on questions regarding the laws of war , particularly in a conflict on the far side of the world .
More significantly , their statement runs directly counter to a broad consensus of international legal opinion that recognizes that Israel , as well as Hamas , engaged in war crimes .
The wording of the letter closely parallels arguments by Bush administration officials in support for Israel ’s devastating offensive during their final days in office .
Having been signed nearly 11 weeks after the end of the fighting and made public only late last month , it may have been part of an effort to undermine tentative efforts by the Obama administration to take a more balanced approach to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
A statement by state attorneys general putting forth a legal rationale for the large - scale killings of civilians is particularly distressing as concerns about civilian casualties from U.S. air and missile strikes in Afghanistan and Pakistan have grown .
The attorneys general signing on to the letter included Republicans Rob McKenna of Washington , Mike Cox of Michigan , John Suthers of Colorado , Bill McCollum of Florida , Jon Bruning of Nebraska , and Mark Shurtleff of Utah .
Signatories also included such prominent Democrats as Richard Cordray of Ohio , Patrick Lynch of Rhode Island , Jack Conway of Kentucky , and Buddy Caldwell of Louisiana .
Facile Legal Reasoning
The legal rationale put forward in the March 30 letter is extraordinarily facile .
For example , they claim that the war waged on the civilian infrastructure of the Gaza Strip was taken in furtherance of Israel ’s “ right to self - defense under Article 51 of the UN Charter . ”
In reality , however , while Article 51 does allow countries the right to resist an armed attack , it does n’t grant any nation the right to engage in such a disproportionate response .
Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak admitted that the Israeli invasion had been planned for months , back when a six - month cease - fire was still in effect .
Even when Hamas resumed firing rockets into Israel in December , following a deadly Israeli raid into Gaza the previous month , there were few casualties .
Indeed , not a single Israeli had been killed by Hamas rocket attacks for more than half a year prior to Israel launching its war on Dec. 27 .
During the subsequent three weeks of fighting , Palestinians killed 10 Israelis , three of whom were civilians , while Israeli forces killed more than 1,400 Palestinians , the vast majority of whom were civilians .
Incredibly , these attorneys general insist that these mass killings by Israeli forces were “ justified and , in our view , met the international legal standards . ”
The attorneys general also ignored the fact that Article 33 of the UN Charter explicitly prohibits nations going to war unless they “ first of all , seek a solution by negotiation , inquiry , mediation , conciliation , arbitration , judicial settlement , resort to regional agencies or arrangements , or other peaceful means of their own choice . ”
However , Israel – with strong bipartisan U.S. support – had refused to even meet with Hamas to negotiate a long - term cease - fire , which Hamas had offered prior to the breakdown of the six - month lull in return for a lift in the Israeli siege of the enclave .
The letter correctly accuses Hamas , which had lobbed rockets into civilian - populated areas in southwestern Israel , of violating Article 48 of Protocol I to the Geneva Convention of 1948 , which states : “ Parties to the conflict shall at all times distinguish between the civilian population and combatants and between civilian objects and military objectives and accordingly shall direct their operations only against military objectives . ”
However , the attorneys general refused to acknowledge that Israel had also violated that same provision on a far grander scale .
While virtually every human rights organization , intergovernmental organization , and international legal authority that researched this recent conflict recognizes both Hamas and Israel were guilty of war crimes , these attorneys general still insist that Hamas alone was to blame and that Israel ’s actions were perfectly legal .
Ignoring the Facts
Human Rights Watch ( HRW ) – which has been highly critical of Hamas attacks on civilian areas of Israel as well as repression by the Islamist group of Palestinian opponents within the Gaza Strip – reported during the fighting that in using heavy shelling against heavily populated civilian areas , “ Israel is committing indiscriminate attacks in violation of the laws of war . ”
In a comprehensive report published in March , HRW noted that “ Israel ’s repeated firing of white phosphorus shells over densely populated areas of Gaza during its recent military campaign was indiscriminate and is evidence of war crimes . ”
Similarly , while Amnesty International also “ found evidence of war crimes and other serious violations of international law by all parties to the conflict ” and attacks by both sides against civilian areas in which no fighters were present , the attorneys general insisted that the Palestinian side alone was guilty of such illegal actions .
An independent United Nations inquiry documented six major Israeli attacks against UN buildings , including schools in which children were killed , noting that actions by Israeli forces “ involved varying degrees of negligence or recklessness with regard to United Nations premises and to the safety of United Nations staff and other civilians within those premises , with consequent deaths , injuries , and extensive physical damage and loss of property . ”
The report concluded that “ no military activity was carried out from within the United Nations premises in any of the incidents . ”
Without presenting any evidence to the contrary , the attorneys general categorically rejected such findings , insisting that Israel was engaged only in “ a limited and directed action against the source of Hamas ’ military acts . ”
The International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) focused on other war crimes , noting how the “ Israeli military failed to meet its obligation under international humanitarian law to care for and evacuate the wounded , ” citing instances in which Israeli forces prevented Red Cross or other medics safe access to assist seriously wounded civilians .
The Israeli chapter of Physicians for Human Rights reported with “ certainty ” that Israel violated international humanitarian law by attacking medics , damaging medical buildings , engaging in indiscriminate attacks on civilians , and delaying medical treatment for the injured .
The ICRC declared Israel ’s “ delay in allowing rescue services access unacceptable . ”
In addition , Israel rejected pleas by international humanitarian agencies by closing border crossings days at a time , denying access to food , medical supplies , fuel , and water sanitation equipment .
Despite this , the attorneys general instead praised Israel for “ allowing the entrance of humanitarian aid into Gaza . ”
A report by a delegation of prominent U.S. attorneys which visited Gaza Strip soon after the fighting reported that “ that Israeli forces deliberately targeted civilians during the Gaza offensive . ”
The Israeli press has reported testimony of Israeli soldiers who killed Palestinian civilians under highly permissive rules of engagement that allowed soldiers to kill any Palestinian in certain areas regardless of whether they were armed , and were ordered to intentionally destroy civilian property .
An investigation by the British newspaper the Guardian revealed a series of Israeli missile attacks against clearly distinguishable civilian targets .
United Nations Special Rapporteur for Human Rights in the Occupied Territories Richard Falk , noting Israel ’s “ unlawful uses of force on a large scale ” against Gazan society as a whole , referred to the operation as a “ flagrant violation of international humanitarian law , as set forth in the Geneva Conventions . ”
Falk , an American Jew and emeritus professor at Princeton University who is arguably the country ’s preeminent international legal scholar , also noted the illegality of Hamas rocket attacks into Israel , but stressed that Israeli air strikes ” were aimed at civilian areas in one of the most crowded stretches of land in the world . ”
Ignoring such evidence , the attorneys general insisted that Israel was directing its artillery , bombings , and missile attacks only toward “ the source of Hamas ’ military attacks ” and the Israeli government should therefore not be held responsible for any military action that harmed Palestinian civilians because they did so “ unintentionally . ”
Defending Mass Killings of Civilians
These attorneys general try to absolve Israel of any responsibility of the hundreds of civilian deaths by accusing Hamas of “ using these civilians as human shields . ”
They provide no evidence for this charge , however , save for a quote from the notoriously right - wing editorial page of the Wall Street Journal .
Independent human rights groups have accused Hamas of less - severe violations of international humanitarian law , such as not taking all necessary steps it should to prevent civilian casualties when it positioned fighters and armaments too close to concentrations of civilians .
However , this is n’t the same thing as deliberately using civilians as shields .
Furthermore , the nature of urban warfare , particularly in a territory as densely populated as the Gaza Strip , makes the proximity of retreating fighters and their equipment to civilians unavoidable in many cases .
Even if Hamas were using human shields in the legal definition of the term , it still does not absolve Israel from its obligation to avoid civilian casualties .
Amnesty International has noted that the Geneva Conventions make it clear that even if one side is shielding itself behind civilians , such a violation “ shall not release the parties to the conflict from their legal obligations with respect to the civilian population and civilians . ”
To argue otherwise , as do these attorneys general , is a dangerous legal position for the chief law enforcement official of a state to take , such as ordering their state police to kill innocent people in a hostage situation .
By this logic , if a botched bank robbery led the would - be robbers to hold bank employees and customers at gunpoint , these attorneys general could then order state patrolmen to kill the gunmen and hostages alike , defending their action on the grounds that the bad guys were using “ human shields . ”
Denying Political Reality
It ’s not just this flawed legal reasoning that underscores how this initiative by these attorneys general was based not upon a legitimate interpretation of law but for narrow ideological purposes .
They reveal their political prejudices in their insistence in the letter to Clinton in claiming that “ Israel withdrew from Gaza in 2005 ” but that the Palestinians failed to establish “ a flourishing independent state . ”
In reality , despite the removal of illegal Israeli settlements and the withdrawal of occupation forces from that crowded urban enclave , Israel has maintained sole control over Gaza Strip ’s airspace and territorial waters , thereby prohibiting movement of people and goods by land and sea , as well as largely controlling the Gaza Strip ’s border with Egypt .
With Israel effectively preventing any exports or imports , except for occasional humanitarian aid , the economy has collapsed and , even prior to the war , the territory was experiencing a serious humanitarian crisis .
Since Israel ’s “ withdrawal , ” the Israeli government has also controlled the Gaza Strip ’s electricity , water , and telecommunications and has periodically engaged in air strikes and armed incursions into the enclave , murdering and kidnapping suspected militants .
No people could reasonably be expected to establish “ a flourishing independent state ” under such circumstances .
Furthermore , in maintaining their siege on the enclave , Israel legally remains the occupying power .
The attorneys general go on to accuse Hamas of taking advantage of Israel ’s “ withdrawal ” to “ cause a civil war with the Palestinian Authority , leading to a coup d’etat in 2007 . ”
However , while Hamas is indeed guilty of innumerable political intrigues and inexcusable violence towards its Palestinian opponents , this is a gross misrepresentation of recent history .
Rather than making war against the Palestinian Authority , Hamas was part of the Palestinian Authority .
Indeed , they controlled the legislative branch of government as well as the post of prime minister and most other ministries as a result of winning the plurality of the vote in parliamentary elections in January 2006 .
The following year , Saudi officials negotiated a power - sharing agreement between Hamas and Fatah , which still controlled the presidency .
U.S. officials , however , unsuccessfully encouraged President Mahmoud Abbas to renounce the agreement , dismiss the entire government , and abolish parliament .
The Bush administration then began secretly arming Fatah groups to enable them to fight Hamas and pushing Fatah to stage a coup .
This is what led Hamas to launch a countercoup by overrunning Fatah offices and taking full control of the Gaza Strip in June 2007 .
Alvaro de Soto , former UN special coordinator for the Middle East peace process , stated [ . pdf ] in his confidential final report leaked to the press a few weeks before the Hamas takeover that “ the Americans clearly encouraged a confrontation between Fatah and Hamas ” and “ worked to isolate and damage Hamas and build up Fatah with recognition and weaponry . ”
De Soto also recalled how in the midst of Egyptian efforts to arrange a cease - fire following a flare - up in factional fighting earlier that year , a U.S. official told him that “ I like this violence . …
[ I ]t means that other Palestinians are resisting Hamas . ”
Though all this has been well - documented and is widely known in both Israel and Palestine , this bipartisan group of attorneys general has instead sought to defend the Bush administration ’s provocative and illegal intervention by putting the entire blame on Hamas .
This letter to the secretary of state was put together by a right - wing group calling itself the American - Israel Friendship League ( AIFL ) , which boasts that the organization has sent 42 state attorneys general to Israel in the past 21 years .
It refers to the letter as “ a strong rejoinder to those who have castigated Israel over its role in Gaza and used it in an attempt to delegitimize the Jewish state . ”
Dangerous Precedent
The Bush administration strongly supported Israel ’s war on the Gaza Strip as an extension of its “ war on terror . ”
It was in the name of this “ war on terror ” that President George W. Bush shamelessly politicized the U.S. Justice Department to justify spying on nonviolent dissidents at home and the torture of suspects abroad .
Now we have a bipartisan group of state attorneys general who have shown themselves similarly willing to politicize their offices by putting forward twisted and perverse interpretations of the law in the name of fighting terrorism .
Unless these rogue attorneys general are challenged by elected officials and ordinary citizens in their respective states for their signing on to such a reckless statement , it could mark a dangerous precedent regarding respect for human rights and the rule of law .
Reprinted courtesy of Foreign Policy in Focus .
Mark Stephens , AKA Robert X. Cringely , is a smart guy who has good ideas and interesting predictions .
Every so often , though , he writes something that makes me wonder , " Is he just saying that to see if we 're paying attention ? "
In 2003 , he proposed a business called Snapster that would digitize music CDs and share them freely with all its shareholders , claiming he could n't find a lawyer who could find a " serious flaw " in his logic -- which made me wonder exactly which lawyers he had been talking with .
In his current column ( quoted below ) , and in a similar op - ed piece in The New York Times , he talks about Boot Camp and the future of Mac OS X on Intel hardware :
Microsoft and Apple are happy with each other for the moment , and rather than representing some Apple attack on Microsoft , Boot Camp just represents the state of their happy partnership .
But this wo n't last for long .
It never does .
I predict that Apple will settle on 64 - bit Intel processors ASAP ( with FireWire 800 please ) , and at that time will announce a product similar to Boot Camp to allow OS X to run on bog - standard 32 - bit PC hardware , turning the Boot Camp relationship on its head and trying to sell $ 99 copies of OS X to 100 million or so Windows owners .
This ignores virtually everything that is fundamental to both how operating systems are developed and how Apple does business today .
To call a hypothetical version of OS X compatible with off - the - shelf PCs " a product similar to Boot Camp " is to misunderstand at a profound level how operating systems are developed .
A Mac running OS X is simpler to install , use , and maintain than a PC running Windows because Apple controls both the hardware and the software .
Apple only has to design for hardware configurations that it itself has built .
Were Apple to ship OS X for " bog - standard 32 - bit PC hardware " , it would be just as frustrating as Windows .
Microsoft has a far more difficult time shipping new versions of their OS not because they 're incompetent , but because their task is orders of magnitude larger than Apple 's , made so by the unending hardware configurations forced upon them by the commoditized market for PC hardware .
In other words , were Apple to ship OS X for any old PC , its ease of use would drop dramatically , while its development and support costs would rise astronomically .
[ Could Apple solve this problem by only offering OS X pre-bundled with certain Intel - based PCs ?
Yes , they could : doing so would limit the scope of the work required .
But why would they do this ?
Users can already buy an Intel - based PC with OS X pre-bundled .
It 's called a Mac . ]
Then there 's the issue of margins .
I do n't know what Apple makes on an iMac , or on a MacBook Pro , but I 'm sure it 's substantially more than $ 99 -- hundreds of dollars more .
I would n't be surprised to hear that Apple makes $ 500 per system on their high - end laptops and desktop computers .
If they were to ship OS X for any old PC , customers would say to themselves , " I can have a Mac experience with cheaper PC hardware , " and Apple 's hardware business would dry up .
Apple would then be dependent on a pure - play operating system business .
Users would quickly figure out that OS X was just as difficult to use on their PCs as Windows -- maybe even more so , given how far behind Apple would be in driver support .
The customer choice would be between Windows ( better driver support , far more applications , bundled with virtually every PC made ) or OS X ( poor driver support , far fewer applications , only available aftermarket ) .
Apple would have effectively killed their hardware business with no offsetting software business waiting for them on the other side .
Let me put it this way : Steve Jobs is famous for being obsessive about even the most seemingly trivial aspects of design .
This obsession has paid off by creating loyal customers who -- whether using an iPod or a Mac -- appreciate how Apple gets all the details right in creating an integrated and complete experience .
To me , it 's laughable to think that Jobs would give up this control and turn OS X into a generic PC operating system .
Leaving aside the fatal usability issues , support costs , and margin concerns described above , what Cringely proposes is impossible on aesthetic grounds alone .
I think Jobs would rather have dental surgery without benefit of anaesthesia than see his beautiful software running on clunky PC hardware .
It 's not going to happen .
And I 'm willing to make a public bet with Cringely that it wo n't .
