Consider the following game : you have a box that contains one white ball and one black ball .
You choose a ball at random and then return it to the box .
If you chose a white ball then a white ball is added to the box , and if you chose a black ball then a black ball is added to the box .
Played over time , what is the probability that more than 80 percents of the chosen balls are white ?
This question is related to the fact that professional players can emerge in pure games of luck that was mentioned in the previous post .
Whilst heading up the Manhattan Project during World War II , theoretical physicist Robert Oppenheimer quickly became aware of a promising young physicist by the name of Richard Feynman .
Sensing that Feynman would be incredibly valuable at UC Berkeley come the end of the war , Oppenheimer wrote the following letter to then chairman of its physics department , Raymond Birge .
To label the letter a glowing recommendation would be an understatement , but even so , and despite Oppenheimer ’s efforts , Feynman turned down the subsequent offer .
Indeed he was correct in his evaluation of Feynman , who went on to become one of the world ’s most renowned scientists and joint recipient of the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1965 .
Transcript
CONFIDENTIAL
November 4 , 1943
Professor R. T. Birge
Chairman , Department of Physics
University of California
Berkeley , California
Dear Professor Birge :
In these war times it is not always easy to think constructively about the peace that is to follow , even in such relatively small things as the welfare of our department .
I would like to make one suggestion to you which concerns that , and about which I have myself a very sure and strong conviction .
As you know , we have quite a number of physicists here , and I have run into a few who are young and whose qualities I had not known before .
Of these there is one who is in every way so outstanding and so clearly recognized as such , that I think it appropriate to call his name to your attention , with the urgent request that you consider him for a position in the department at the earliest time that that is possible .
You may remember the name because he once applied for a fellowship in Berkeley : it is Richard Feynman .
He is by all odds the most brilliant young physicist here , and everyone knows this .
He is a man of thoroughly engaging character and personality , extremely clear , extremely normal in all respects , and an excellent teacher with a warm feeling for physics in all its aspects .
He has the best possible relations both with the theoretical people of whom he is one , and with the experimental people with whom he works in very close harmony .
The reason for telling you about him now is that his excellence is so well known , both at Princeton where he worked before he came here , and to a not inconsiderable number of “ big shots ” on this project , that he has already been offered a position for the post war period , and will most certainly be offered others .
I feel that he would be a great strength for our department , tending to tie together its teaching , its research and its experimental and theoretical aspects .
I may give you two quotations from men with whom he has worked .
Bethe has said that he would rather lose any two other men than Feyman from this present job , and Wigner said , “ He is a second Dirac , only this time human . ”
Of course , there are several people here whose recommendation you might want ; in the first instance Professors Brode and McMillan .
I hope you will not mind my calling this matter to your attention , but I feel that if we can follow the suggestion I have made , all of us will be very happy and proud about it in the future .
I cannot too strongly emphasize Feynman ’s remarkable personal qualities which have been generally recognized by officers , scientists and laity in this community .
With every good wish ,
Robert Oppenheimer
RO:pd
CC to Dr. Lawrence
The Curious Origin of NORAD ’s Santa Tracking
Once upon a time , when everything was black and white and the Russians had horns and tails , someone printed an ad asking kids to call Santa Claus using a very wrong telephone number .
The time was 1955 .
The place , Colorado Springs .
The ad was printed by Sears , and the number … well , the number was n’t Santa ’s phone at the North Pole .
It was n’t even the gold and glitter phone at his secret bachelor pad in Las Vegas .
Someone at Sears ’ ad department made a mistake , so the phone number printed in the ad was n’t the one that the Colorado Springs store had set up to take note of the children ’s wishes .
It was the hotline for the Continental Air Defense ’s Director of Operations , Colonel Harry Shoup .
The CONAD boss was n’t amused when he got his first call .
Instead of a report on missiles falling over Wichita or a Soviet submarine surfacing on the San Francisco bay , what he got was a six - year old telling him what he wanted –probably his own nuclear missiles and a nuclear submarine .
However , instead of telling the kid to go visit the elves tied to the warhead of an Intercontinental Ballistic Missile , he did something else :
After the second boy called–and after realising what was happening –he told his staff to start giving Santa ’s polar coordinates to every child calling that line .
In 1958 , CONAD became the North American Aerospace Defence Command , a joint operation between the United States and Canada .
By then , the event was already being covered by the media , and kids were calling NORAD ’s phone number like crazy .
That Christmas Eve , hundreds of volunteers at Cheyenne Mountain and Peterson Air Force base spent part of their night answering the phone and telling kids where Santa was .
The rest , as it usually goes , is history .
This year marks the 50th anniversary of NORAD ’s Santa Tracking System , which in 1997 got into the Web–much to the relief of NORAD volunteers .
[ Norad Santa Tracking , Wikipedia ]
New solar chargers are able to run and charge a laptop at the same time
The technology behind solar energy is constantly evolving .
Portable devices that charge up gadgets from the sun are becoming smaller and more powerful .
A new generation of portable solar chargers can plug straight into a laptop and provide up to a quarter of its power needs while in use .
The Solargorilla charger by Powertraveller , for instance , can also level out the electrical spikes caused when clouds obscure the sun .
Jerry Ranger , head of Powertraveller , says the charger is able to convert a high percentage of the sunlight 's energy in a more compact way than previous devices .
" You can get the power output if you get a massive great big panel but clearly that 's impractical so we 've needed to get it down to a size that 's portable , " he told BBC Click .
" So previously we had around 15 % efficiencies , we 're now on the verge of getting 20 % , and within the next 18 months we expect to deliver around 22 % efficiencies , " he explained .
Consumers can currently use portable panels only for charging up small devices such as phones or music players .
Powertraveller plans to launch a portable four - panel folding array that can run a laptop and charge the battery at the same time .
Planned for spring 2010 , it will be the first commercial device to offer AC or DC outputs .
Solar roofing tiles are a new way to exploit solar energy in the home Consumers are also increasingly exploiting the sun 's energy in the home .
Panel power
There has been a steady growth in small - scale electricity production at home in recent years .
In 2008 there was a considerable jump - the number of people looking to generate their own electricity doubled in just 12 months .
Traditionally , homes have harnessed power from the sun through conventional solar panels , but an American company has developed what it hopes is the next generation of panel power .
SRS Energy has created " sole power " tiles , which are coated with thin - film flexible photovoltaic cells .
The roof tiles are a dark blue colour to maximise the absorption of sunlight , and will be available from spring 2010 .
The tiles are an example of how technology , in the form of new polymers and coatings , has the potential to increase the amount of energy that can be adapted from the sun .
For years most solar cells struggled to harness just one sixth of the sun 's energy .
But newer materials are helping solar panels become more efficient , according to Professor Tony Day , director of the Centre for Efficient and Renewable Energy in Building , London South Bank University .
" Laboratory tests are showing we can get to module efficiencies of about 22 - 23 % , with traditional materials , " he said .
" The next generation of materials it looks in the laboratory to be moving towards 30 % , and in some specialist applications even 40 % , " he added .
A Canadian university is using the sun to light one of its buildings
Light tunnels The British Columbia Institute of Technology decided to dispense with expensive solar panels and test out a new system in one of its buildings .
The Canadian university installed sun canopies in the roof to direct light through tunnels in the ceilings above every floor .
Each tunnel has a highly reflective coating to bounce the light round the building .
When a cloud goes over , the fluorescent lights kick in to maintain brightness until the sun returns .
Allen Upward , a research engineer at the University of British Columbia ( UBC ) said the system is seven times more effective than traditional solar methods .
" As a system for lighting a building , it 's far more effective than using solar panels to generate electricity and then turning that electricity back into light , " he explained .
The sun 's potential remains under - exploited - the Earth gets 5,000 times more energy from the sun than we use in electricity .
Solar farms have been popping up all over the world in an attempt to harness the green power on a mass scale .
One solar farm in southern Spain has swapped panels for mirrors and is using the sun 's heat rather than brightness to create electricity .
Heat power Just outside Seville , hundreds of mirrors track the sun as it crosses the sky and reflect their beams to a single point at the top of a tower .
This Spanish solar farm uses the heat from mirrors to create electricity
The intense heat is used to boil water and create steam to power a turbine - which creates electricity .
Engineer Valerio Fernandez , at Abengoa which runs the solar farm , says the resulting heat is the equivalent of 4,000 times the power of direct sunlight .
" With this amount of energy we can generate very high temperatures , about 2,000 degrees Celsius , " he said .
A consortium of 12 European businesses plans to build a huge solar project in the Sahara desert .
Desertec Industrial Initiative plans to produce solar - generated electricity with a vast network of power plants and transmission grids across North Africa and the Middle East .
It aims to supply Europe with 15 % of its energy needs by 2050 .
The plan has the backing of huge companies including Deutsche Bank , Siemens - and needs $ 500 bn ( £ 303 bn ) of investment .
But some solar experts are sceptical .
" Part of the problem with the Desertec project is that we are asking somebody else if we can lease their land so we can generate electricity to keep the lights on in Europe , " said Prof Tony Day .
" I think that there are political issues and ethical issues that we need to think about , " he said .
Viewer comments
Just caught your news item about solar heating and was blown away by the possibilities for desert sites in Africa .
Do n't see why we in the West can't pay the Third World top prices for using the deserts they can't grow anything in .
It 's a win / win situation .
We can utilise their constant sun to provide energy , they get the revenue which can't be gained in any other way .
No exploitation just fair like for like .
Sue Dean , Leamington Spa , Warwickshire Today 's report on solar energy was excellent .
Being well informed but not a solar energy professional , it told me exactly what I wanted to know .
Maybe wind turbines and tidal energy sources could be featured in a similar way .
Nick Hirst , Winchester
Your presenter seemed to suggest that it would be somehow immoral to help desert - blighted countries exploit their sunshine producing electricity for Europe .
I reply that it would be immoral not to do so , but go further and initiate desalination via solar power , and also biofuels from algae .
Partnerships with these struggling countries to utilise these vast tracts of currently useless tracts of land must be the only moral way to develop countries and fuel supplies for developed nations .
Anne Cleveland , England
In Malaysia we have plenty of sunshine , but one thing is stopping us from harnessing it .
It is illegal to generate electricity without a licence ( whether for commercial use or individual use ) .
So far only electrical companies can obtain them
Awang Ilyas , Bintulu , Malaysia
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We won !
Sorta !
After we complained about the annoyingness of Whole Foods CEO John Mackey and the media trend of finding it surprising that he is right - wing ( he is a CEO ) , Mackey stepped down as Chairman of Whole Foods .
What is fun is that we won and unions won !
The shareholder activists of ctW Investment Group , who manage union pension funds , have been agitating for Mackey to step down as chairman for months , because apparently it is bad to be both chairman and CEO .
And Mackey 's recent publicity blitz has not been very good for his company , because he keeps blowing everyone 's mind by both being a vegetarian and namechecking Hayek .
( Well , the ill will was fueled mostly his full - throated support for a market - based approach to ensuring that no one gets any health care unless they are directly employed by him . )
Of course as founder and still - CEO Mackey will still probably get all the space he could ever want in the op - ed section of the Wall Street Journal , as his company 's stock plummets because the people who can still afford to pay too much for fancy fancy arugula do n't like him anymore .
I do most of my interesting programming at home currently .
Limited time in the evenings means that development is very stop - starty : projects get periods of mad enthusiasm and then are dropped for a few months while I concentrate on something else .
In this context I 've found that having a large suite of automated tests can be a double edged sword : Usually when I come back to a project after a few months I have slightly different goals and so want to change the codebase , often drastically .
If the tests are tightly coupled to the implementation this adds significant drag , and is sometimes enough to cause me delete a ton of code and start again .
Worse than that , occasionally I just stop running tests and hack .
So over the years I 've come to spend an increasing amount of effort isolating tests to make them less brittle in the face of change .
This is not an exact science but there 's often some way to re-gig a test to make it achieve most of the same purpose without being quite so tightly coupled to the implementation .
I guess for my purposes I 'm advocating mostly blackbox over whitebox testing at some level .
Here 's a couple of examples :
System test data in ' native ' formats
I like to code ' top - down ' as it keeps me focused .
I usually start with some data that I want presenting or transforming or storing or mining or whatever .
I write some small system tests and code down from there .
I learnt this tip the hard way :
It 's very advantagous to have test data in a native external format that 's not likely to change .
On my first data - aggregation project I had most of the tests using an internal triples format of my own design , which meant that when I changed my mind a few months later I had a ton of testdata and tests to change .
I ended up deleting a lot of the code and starting again .
The second time I picked up the project I converted all the inline testdata to CSV and JSON and made the tests run an implicit import transform before invoking the top - level functions .
The tests became slightly more complex but also less brittle and I 'm now much less likely to delete them .
Inputs / outputs as language primitives
Inevitably as a codebase gets bigger I find that adding top - level blackbox tests is n't enough to drive development and that I need whitebox tests at a unit - level to help with algorithmically intense parts of the project .
These tests increase motivation and speed up my coding but unfortunately are a lot more brittle during change and tend to be the ones that get deleted first when I come back to a project .
To combat this I often find it 's worth refactoring important algorithms into functions that take language - primitive arguments ( e.g. ints , lists etc.. ) , separate from the object graph of the application .
A totally contrived illustration : Replace : Foo::do- something -clever- with - Bar- Objects ( objects ) with : do - something - clever - with -id -> name - pairs ( id / name - pairs ) and have ' Foo ' callers unpack the Bah objects into an list of id , name pairs before calling the function .
The tests checking ' do - something - clever ' functionality are now less coupled to the internal object graph and are passing only the data required to fulfill the operation .
Now this is obviously a tradeoff :
The additional unpacking may add overhead ( sometimes not ) .
It might make the function interface unnecessarily complicated .
Sometimes the tradeoff works well , sometimes it does n't , but I always at least consider trying to separate out domain - objects from an algorithmically intense function .
Often the algorithm is central to the application but the layout and interaction of the object graph is contrived .
--
It might be that I 'm missing some important piece of the testing puzzle - I 've mostly coded test - first for as long as I can remember but I 've always had a mixed relationship with the outcome .
Hopefully there 's a silver bullet somewhere that I just have n't been told about yet .
Human beings are guilty of a fashion faux pas now and again .
Even the most stylish of us have been known to leave the house with a shirt that ’s a shade too bright or a pair of pants that do n’t fit quite right .
Perhaps the most difficult wardrobe accessory to master is the hat .
Some people can make it work , while others can’t .
It does n’t help that hat designers frequently choose to craft what can best be described as fabric abominations .
Fortunately , there are plenty of folks walking the planet who either are n’t aware , or do n’t care how utterly stupid they look wearing these atrocious mishaps .
In honor of National Hat Day , from rednecks to royalty , here are 25 photos of people ( and animals ) donning ugly hats .
25 ) The Ice Cream Cone
If you ’re brave enough to sport this , you must pretend to lick it .
24 ) The Strawberry
Appetizing .
Colorful .
Awful .
23 ) The Sack
Wear this in public , prepare to be beaten .
22 ) Horseheads
Perfect for a day at the races .
21 ) The Tin Foil Tiara
The look on the cat ’s face says it all .
20 ) The Propeller
You can be a jackass in four different colors .
19 ) The Camilla
No wonder Brits are so pale .
This atrocity blocks the sun .
18 ) The Martini Glass
She might be smiling , but that ca n’t be comfortable .
17 ) The Suburban Pimp
Like father , like son .
16 ) The ?????
Uh … pink chicken covered with lili pads ?
15 ) Fruit Helmet
Some people should n’t be allowed to own pets .
14 ) Helium Headware
Anyone have a needle ?
13 ) Coyote Ugly
Ideal for hunters and homicidal maniacs .
12 ) Ten Gallon Douchebag
Some people look good in a cowboy hat .
This dork is n’t one of them .
11 ) Abstract
High fashion is wack .
10 ) Flower Madness
Pollinate this !
9 ) Red Horror
It looks like she ’s being consumed by a giant serpent .
8 ) Cheesehead
Worst .
Idea .
Ever .
7 ) Pink Nightmare
Do n’t double date with these gals .
6 ) The Head Puppet
Does n’t seem like appropriate attire for the cemetery .
5 ) The Astronomy Lesson
Boldly go where no hats have gone before .
4 ) The Giant Bow
Oh , Aretha .
What were you thinking ?
3 ) Crown of Yuck
Again , high fashion is wack .
2 ) Pillow Head
For napping on the go .
1 ) No Smoking
Ridiculous , but extra points for ingenuity .
SHANGHAI ( Reuters ) - Microsoft Corp has been ordered by a Chinese court to stop selling versions of its Windows operating systems that include fonts designed by a local company , citing a violation of licensing agreements .
Customers shop at Microsoft 's first retail store during the grand opening in Scottsdale , Arizona October 22 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Joshua Lott
The ruling , issued by Beijing ’s No. 1 Intermediate People ’s Court on Monday , may signal a new challenge for international and domestic software makers struggling with piracy in China -- newly assertive local firms ready to take their own IP claims to court .
“ ( Chinese firms ) are going to think of China as a place to have their own litigation strategy , I think that ’s a trend that ’s coming , ” said Michael Vella , head of China litigation and intellectual property rights at Morrison & Foerster LLP , who predicts more lawsuits by local companies .
“ We saw it in Taiwan .
At first , Taiwanese companies were always on the defensive , and in recent years we have seen them initiating litigation . ”
In its ruling , the court said Microsoft violated the scope of licensing agreements between it and a Chinese technology company , Zhongyi Electronic , which designs Chinese character fonts .
Microsoft will have to stop selling the Chinese versions of its Windows 98 , 2000 , 2003 and Windows XP , according to the court .
It is unclear when the ruling will take effect or how many copies are affected .
Microsoft said it will appeal the ruling .
“ Microsoft respects intellectual property rights .
We use third party IPs only when we have a legitimate right to do so , ” the firm said in a statement .
Analysts said the ruling is unlikely to affect Microsoft ’s long - term business outlook as only a small percentage of its total revenue comes from business in China .
“ The majority of operating systems in the market today are illegal copies , and the ones that are Zhongyi - related have an even smaller share of the market , ” said Edward Yu , chief executive of a China - focused technology research firm Analysys International .
“ So I do n’t think it will have much impact on Microsoft ’s business . ”
CHANGING ROLES
China has long been the target for foreign firms seeking to protect their intellectual property .
And China , under pressure from the U.S. government and the European Union , has increased enforcement of intellectual property laws .
Microsoft has faced its own issues at the hands of Chinese software pirates .
In August , a Chinese court jailed four people for spreading their bootleg “ Tomato Garden ” version of Microsoft ’s Windows XP program , in what the Xinhua news agency called the nation ’s biggest software piracy case .
And even before the highly anticipated launch of the software maker ’s Windows 7 operating system last month , Chinese bootleggers were already selling copies .
But roles are fast reversing as Chinese firms mature and become more aggressive in protecting their own designs from foreign firms .
“ By winning this case against an internationally well - known company like Microsoft , it shows that China , although still a developing country , is taking positive steps to protect intellectual property rights , ” said Ling Xin Yu , the lawyer for Zhongyi , told Reuters .
Zhongyi Electronic said in a statement on its website that the agreements signed with Microsoft only permitted the company to use Zhongyi ’s intellectual property in Windows 95 , but that the U.S. tech giant used it in subsequent versions of its Chinese Windows operating systems .
Research firm IDC estimates about 80 percent of software sold in China was pirated last year .
I received a very exciting box in the mail , decorated with an orangered envelope .
I opened it and inside was was a print out ... of a papercraft Narwhal !
I love papercraft and it took some excellent sleuthing .
Under the printout was an envelope entitled " Gift Voucher " .
Inside was $ 15 in an Australia wide - format .
Excellent , I will be using that to see Zombieland as recommended .
Finally , I also got two books , Twitterature : literature told through Twitter and World War Z. I love everything , thanks Secret Santa !
My Secret Santa got me an AWESOME Fracon Cake Poster for me to enjoy for a little while , and for other redditors to enjoy too .
Here are some more pics :
http://imgur.com/z925b.jpg
http://imgur.com/212Am.jpg
http://imgur.com/eve7p.jpg
http://imgur.com/rCBaS.jpg
He even added some shameless advertising , but I approve of it .
Everyone get your posters made at color4less.com
http://imgur.com/mBJx2.jpg
At some point in the future , I will hold a contest to see who will get the poster next .
Look for it in /r/ gaming and /r/ color4less
Of all the falsehoods and distortions in the political discourse this year , one stood out from the rest .
" Death panels . "
The claim set political debate afire when it was made in August , raising issues from the role of government in health care to the bounds of acceptable political discussion .
In a nod to the way technology has transformed politics , the statement was n't made in an interview or a television ad .
Sarah Palin posted it on her Facebook page .
Her assertion — that the government would set up boards to determine whether seniors and the disabled were worthy of care — spread through newscasts , talk shows , blogs and town hall meetings .
Opponents of health care legislation said it revealed the real goals of the Democratic proposals .
Advocates for health reform said it showed the depths to which their opponents would sink .
Still others scratched their heads and said , " Death panels ?
Really ? "
The editors of PolitiFact.com , the fact - checking Web site of the St. Petersburg Times , have chosen it as our inaugural " Lie of the Year . "
PolitiFact readers overwhelmingly supported the decision .
Nearly 5,000 voted in a national poll to name the biggest lie , and 61 percent chose " death panels " from a field of eight finalists .
( See the complete results .)
This is the story of how two words generated intense heat in the national debate over health care .
• • •
The former governor of Alaska had been out of the headlines since she announced her resignation on July 3 ; the Facebook message instantly brought her back to the political stage .
" As more Americans delve into the disturbing details of the nationalized health care plan that the current administration is rushing through Congress , our collective jaw is dropping , and we 're saying not just no , but hell no ! " Palin wrote .
" The Democrats promise that a government health care system will reduce the cost of health care , but as the economist Thomas Sowell has pointed out , government health care will not reduce the cost ; it will simply refuse to pay the cost .
And who will suffer the most when they ration care ?
The sick , the elderly , and the disabled , of course .
The America I know and love is not one in which my parents or my baby with Down Syndrome will have to stand in front of Obama 's ‘ death panel ' so his bureaucrats can decide , based on a subjective judgment of their ‘ level of productivity in society , ' whether they are worthy of health care .
Such a system is downright evil . "
It was n't the first time opponents of the Democratic plans for health care had raised the specter of euthanasia .
In February , the conservative editorial page of the Washington Times compared plans for more funding for health information technology with eugenics programs instituted in Nazi Germany .
Democrats in the House introduced a bill July 14 that closely mirrored President Barack Obama 's campaign promises on health care .
The bill increased regulation of insurance companies , proposed a national health insurance exchange where individuals and small business could shop for plans , expanded health programs for the poor , and gave incentives to doctors and hospitals for efficiency and improved care .
It did not promote euthanasia .
On July 16 , Betsy McCaughey , the former lieutenant governor of New York and a conservative health care commentator , suggested that the Democratic plan included a measure requiring seniors be told how to end their lives .
" Congress would make it mandatory — absolutely require — that every five years people in Medicare have a required counseling session that will tell them how to end their life sooner , " she said on a radio show hosted by conservative Fred Thompson .
PolitiFact gave McCaughey a Pants on Fire rating for that statement .
There were no mandatory sessions proposed .
Instead , for the first time , Medicare would pay for doctors ' appointments for patients to discuss living wills , health care directives and other end - of - life issues .
The appointments were optional , and the AARP supported the measure .
Nevertheless , Republican officials began amplifying McCaughey 's comments .
House Republican Leader John Boehner issued a statement July 23 that said , " This provision may start us down a treacherous path toward government - encouraged euthanasia if enacted into law . "
Rep. Virginia Foxx , R - N.C. , said on the House floor July 28 that a Republican alternative for health reform was " pro-life because it will not put seniors in a position of being put to death by their government . "
Palin 's statement then launched the health care debate into overdrive .
The term was mentioned in news reports approximately 6,000 times in August and September , according to the Nexis database .
By October , it was still being mentioned 150 to 300 times a week .
• • •
The phrase " death panels " appears to be original to Palin .
A search of news databases showed no use prior to her Facebook posting .
History professor Ian Dowbiggin , who has written several books on medical history , euthanasia and eugenics , said he had never heard the term before Palin used it .
He said the phrase invokes images of Nazi Germany , which denied life - saving care to people who were not deemed useful enough to broader society .
Adolf Hitler ordered Nazi officials to secretly register , select , and murder handicapped people such as schizophrenics , epileptics , disabled babies and other long - stay hospital patients , according to Dowbiggin .
" It 's not far - fetched to make the historical argument that as you get government more and more involved in health care , you create an environment that is more hospitable to the legalization of forms of euthanasia , " Dowbiggin said .
" But the Nazi example should be used very advisedly . "
" This is an issue that 's being exploited by political figures who are opposed to the health care legislation , " he added .
" They 're trying to sensationalize the issue as much as possible to drum up opposition . "
On Aug. 10 , PolitiFact rated Palin 's statement Pants on Fire .
In the weeks that followed , health care policy experts on both the right and the left said the euthanasia comparisons were inaccurate .
Gail Wilensky , a health adviser to President George H.W. Bush , said the charge was untrue and upsetting .
" I think it is really unfortunate that this has been raised and received so much attention because there are serious issues to debate in health care reform , " she said at a forum on Sept.
3 .
But some prominent Republicans did n't reject the death panels claim .
Sen . Charles Grassley of Iowa , the senior Republican on the Finance Committee , told people at a town hall meeting on Aug. 12 that people " have every right to fear .
You should n't have counseling at the end of life ; you ought to have counseling 20 years before you 're going to die .
You ought to plan these things out .
And I do n't have any problem with things like living wills , but they ought to be done within the family .
We should not have a government program that determines you 're going to pull the plug on Grandma . "
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , asked about the issue on This Week with George Stephanopoulos , said , " You are asking us to trust turning power over to the government , when there are clearly people in America who believe in establishing euthanasia , including selective standards . "
• • •
Democrats responded by saying the accusation was n't true and highlighting the actual Medicare provision and what it said .
That was n't necessarily an effective strategy , said Drew Westen , a psychologist who studies political communication and advises Democrats on messaging .
" Instead of stopping and asking themselves , ' What are Republicans trying to appeal to ? ' the Democrats rolled their eyes and said , ' Is n't this stupid , ' " he said .
" On one level , it was stupid , but on another level , it was hitting seniors very close to where they live . "
People intuitively understand that health care reform is about lowering costs , and end - of - life care can be quite costly , he said .
The " death panels " claim exploited fears that people already had .
Rather than just saying the claim was n't true , Westen said , a better response would be that there already are " death panels " — run by insurance companies .
" That 's the response that should have been there , from the first day the attack was made , " Westen said .
" You never let an attack like this stand or go unresponded to in any 24 - hour cycle . "
The charge was raised repeatedly during August town hall meetings .
The claim particularly caught the attention of seniors , said John Rother , a health policy expert with the AARP .
" That 's who 's most sensitive to any suggestion of denial of necessary care or being told you can't get the care you need from your doctor , " he said .
The town hall meetings highlighted the partisan divisions when it came to death panels .
The claim , along with the Tea Party movement , excited the Republican base to mobilize a vocal opposition , Rother said .
" If your start - out stance is being distrustful of government , then this fit right into your worldview . "
Though nonpartisan , AARP has generally supported Democratic efforts to pass health care legislation .
• • •
Two independent polls showed that about 30 percent of the public believed death panels were part of health care reform , both the week after Palin made the comment and a month later .
Yet seniors were no more likely to believe it than other age groups .
The polls showed a closer correlation by party , with Republicans more likely to say that death panels were part of the plans pending in Congress .
It 's not clear whether Palin 's comments swayed anyone who was undecided or unsure about health care reform .
" It touched a nerve of anxiety , and then there was a big response from the press and from experts that assured people that euthanasia was n't anywhere near this debate , " said Robert Blendon , a Harvard University researcher who studies public opinion on health care .
" Most people , at the end of the day , did not believe it was being proposed . "
As the furor over the phrase settled down , Democrats used it as evidence that Republicans were unreasonably opposing health reform .
President Obama rebutted the claim in a major health care address on Sept. 9 : " Some of people 's concerns have grown out of bogus claims spread by those whose only agenda is to kill reform at any cost .
The best example is the claim , made not just by radio and cable talk show hosts , but prominent politicians , that we plan to set up panels of bureaucrats with the power to kill off senior citizens .
Such a charge would be laughable if it were n't so cynical and irresponsible .
It is a lie , plain and simple . "
The phrase has been mentioned in the Congressional Record about 40 times since Palin's Facebook posting , but virtually all were Democrats citing it as an example of Republican intransigence .
" You know , GOP used to stand for Grand Old Party , " said Rep. Edward Markey , D - Mass . , on Nov. 7 .
" Now it stands for Grandstand , Oppose , and Pretend .
They grandstand with phony claims about nonexistent death panels .
They oppose any real reform . "
The House voted in favor of health care legislation the same day .
• • •
Rep. Earl Blumenauer , the Oregon Democrat who promoted the provision that allowed Medicare to pay for doctor appointments about end - of - life counseling , said he sees both positives and negatives from the controversy .
On the positive side , he said he 's optimistic the Medicare provision will make it into the final version of health care reform , which is still pending in the Senate , and people had more conversations about making their wishes known for things like living wills or do - not - resuscitate orders .
" It really did energize people who deal with palliative care , " he said .
" Ultimately , it helped advance the cause of giving people more control over end - of - life decisions . "
On the other hand , he said , the episode suggests that political distortions need to be confronted faster and more forcefully .
" It 's a sobering prospect that political discourse is going to resemble hand - to - hand combat for the foreseeable future , " he said .
That does n't bode well for keeping average citizens involved in the political process , especially those who are independent or not particularly partisan .
" I think they 're losing their appetite to wade through the vitriol , and I 'm in the same boat , " Blumenauer said .
" We are moving to a point where we drive normal people away , and everybody else gets their news and increasingly opinion prescreened , going for days never hearing an opposing viewpoint .
That gives me pause . "
• • •
As for Palin , she told the conservative National Review in an interview on Nov. 17 , the same day her bestselling memoir Going Rogu e was released , that she did n't regret her comments .
( PolitiFact 's calls and e-mail to Palin were not returned . )
" To me , while reading that section of the bill , it became so evident that there would be a panel of bureaucrats who would decide on levels of health care , decide on those who are worthy or not worthy of receiving some government - controlled coverage , " she said .
" Since health care would have to be rationed if it were promised to everyone , it would therefore lead to harm for many individuals not able to receive the government care .
That leads , of course , to death . "
" The term I used to describe the panel making these decisions should not be taken literally , " said Palin .
The phrase is " a lot like when President Reagan used to refer to the Soviet Union as the ' evil empire . '
He got his point across .
He got people thinking and researching what he was talking about .
It was quite effective .
Same thing with the ‘ death panels . '
I would characterize them like that again , in a heartbeat . "
TRENTON -- Gov.-elect Chris Christie and his transition aides are compiling plans to slash New Jersey state spending and state programs by as much as 25 percent in response to the continuous flow of dim financial news from the New Jersey Treasury Department , according to an
obtained by The Star - Ledger .
Even before he takes office next month , his team is looking for programs that can be eliminated entirely and calling on state administrators to find untapped federal funds to cover whatever they possibly can .
" Absent strong action , revenues and expenditures will likely remain out of balance for the foreseeable future , " according to a Dec. 18 memo from the state Office of Management and Budget to all cabinet members and agency directors .
The letter was dispatched " at the request of the governor - elect 's transition team " and said the deadline for responses is Jan. 6 , nearly two weeks before Christie is to be sworn in .
Christie , a Republican , defeated Democratic Gov. Jon Corzine in last month 's election and has been critical of Corzine 's spending practices and budget forecasts .
The latest cuts , aimed at closing a budget gap Christie estimates at $ 9.5 billion , would come on top of cuts ordered by Corzine to close a $ 1 billion hole in the current $ 29 billion budget .
The governor has yet to reveal those plans but expects to do so before Christmas .
Corzine has also frozen " discretionary " state aid to municipalities and arts groups , forcing them to scramble to pay bills .
Unlike the federal government , state law requires Trenton 's spending and revenue to be in balance ; deficits are not allowed .
•
Full Star - Ledger coverage of the N.J. Governor - elect Chris Christie transition
• Full Star - Ledger coverage of the N.J. budget
" In light of the state ’s fiscal circumstances , all agencies are asked to submit reduction plans equal to 15 percent , 20 percent and 25 percent below their " budget projections for fiscal 2011 , according to the memo .
The cuts cannot include the recent rounds of reductions enacted by Corzine , but must , instead , be made on top of them -- and must include at least a five percent cut in spending on direct state services .
" Across the board reductions are not to be submitted ; instead consideration should be given to the elimination of ineffective programs or the consolidation of duplicative programs . "
That reflects the " zero - based budgeting " approach Christie laid out during the campaign , to scorn from Democrats who said he lacked specifics .
The memo also repeats Christie 's vow not to raise taxes or fees , even if it means drastically shrinking the size and scope of government .
" The current situation requires the state to review its operations , to determine which functions should continue and which no longer are necessary , " it says .
" Revenue enhancements in place of reductions will not be considered at this time . "
The document urges agency heads to find savings without cutting salary accounts and to " maximize federal revenue , " including by shifting state employees into empty slots funded by the federal government .
The only new spending that is acceptable must " be shown to result in long - term savings " and fit within the cuts framework .
For weeks , Christie has been laying the groundwork for extreme budget moves -- from resisting more funding for food pantries to warning that some of his favorite causes , like higher education , might not be spared the ax in his first year .
" We 're broke , " has become his recurring line .
On Monday , Christie was asked about the possibility of using millions in state revenue to keep the struggling New Jersey Sports and Exposition Authority afloat .
" In the end , they 've got to understand that , despite the season , I 'm not in a giving mood , " Christie said .
But Democrats -- who control both houses of the Legislature -- are already beginning to balk at sharp cuts at the same time that Christie is planning to let extra income taxes on the state 's wealthiest people expire .
Christie will be sworn in Jan. 19 and is due to present his first budget to the Legislature on March 16 .
By Josh Margolin and Claire Heininger
Related coverage :
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Three people , including a 13 - year - old boy , have died in an explosion at a petrol station in the Syrian capital Damascus , officials say .
Syrian Interior Minister Said Sammour said the tyre of a bus had exploded as it was being pumped .
The bus is believed to have been carrying Iranian pilgrims visiting the Sayyida Zeinab shrine for Shia Muslims .
Last year a car bomb killed 17 people on a road leading to the shrine .
The bombing was blamed on Sunni militants .
But Mr Sammour ruled out an attack after Thursday 's explosion .
' Confusion '
He said the Iranian bus driver and two Syrian petrol station workers , including the boy , died when the tyre blew up as air was being pumped into it .
The BBC 's correspondent in Damascus , Lina Sinjab , says there is a sense of confusion in the city behind the official statement .
This is because images of the blast and several witnesses have suggested that it may have been more than just a tyre explosion .
Initial reports had suggested that a bomb may have caused the blast .
Interior Minister Said Sammour ruled out a terror attack
In a country with tight security control , bomb explosions are very rare , our correspondent says .
Mr Sammour said there were no other casualties apart from the dead .
Our correspondent says witnesses saw parts of bodies scattered around but could not confirm to her whether the bus was full or empty when the blast occurred .
Witnesses and media reports had earlier said six people died .
Mr Sammour told state - run Syrian TV the bus was carrying Iranian tourists and passengers .
He said there were no pilgrims nearby when the blast happened .
The al - Sayyida Zeinab shrine , popular with Iranian pilgrims , is dedicated to the granddaughter of the Prophet Muhammad .
IT IS predictable that disappointed factions on the Democratic left would need some way to vent anger at their leaders for pragmatically abandoning many features of health - insurance reform that the left wanted ( and that , in many cases , would have made reform cheaper and more effective ) .
It 's not so predictable , and seems self - destructive , that Howard Dean and netroots organisations like FiredogLake would go so far as to oppose the bill , and rally their members to lobby their representatives to vote against it .
But it seems simply bizarre that pro-reform liberals like Markos Moulitsas and Keith Olbermann have decided they oppose a mandate to require every individual to purchase health insurance .
You cannot have universal health insurance without a mandate .
Every country in the world that has a universal health - insurance system either requires its citizens to buy health insurance , or includes its citizens in a default insurance programme automatically and taxes them for it ( which is effectively the same thing ) .
The reasons for this are simple , and have been covered hundreds of times since the current debate over universal health insurance began during the Democratic presidential primaries in late 2007 .
If you do n't oblige everyone to buy health insurance , then many young and healthy people will bet on not needing insurance , and will decline to buy it .
That shrinks the remaining pool such that it is made up of older , sicker people with higher medical costs , and thus premiums will rise .
That in turn will cause more healthy people to leave the system .
This is the phenomenon of " adverse selection " .
Ultimately you 're left only with rich old sick people , and nobody else can afford insurance .
This is known as an insurance death spiral .
If you want affordable , universal health insurance , then everyone has to buy in .
One would think that at this late date in the health - reform narrative , everyone would have grasped this point .
One way to read the strange new opposition to the mandate is as a reminder that a substantial segment of the new , energised leftist segment of the Democratic Party began the decade as centrists or libertarians , and were pushed left ( in some cases far left ) during the Bush administration .
Mr Dean , Mr Moulitsas and Mr Olbermann all fit that bill , and you can hear a slight libertarian echo in Mr Moulitsas 's current rhetoric .
Though , to be fair , the main thrust of Mr Moulitsas 's anti-mandate argument is that granting private insurers a monopoly and pouring more money into the system will raise prices unless it is accompanied by European - style provider - cost regulations , which are not currently on the table .
But another way to look at it is this :
Americans are still not used to the way universal health - insurance systems work .
Mr Olbermann , for example , is angry that working - class Americans will be obliged to buy health insurance that could cost up to 17 % of their incomes .
Mr Olbermann is right ; that figure is too high .
But there is plenty of time before 2013 to ensure that no one ends up paying such extortionate premiums , and it's a good bet that , if reform passes , no one will .
What happens in systems where people are obliged to buy health insurance is that , if such insurance is unaffordable , governments are forced to find a way for people to afford it , or governments are voted out of office .
In the Netherlands and Switzerland , the private - based universal health - insurance models to which America 's current reform aspires , governments employ a mixture of provider - cost controls , premium regulations , and subsidies to make sure nobody has to pay 17 % of their income for health insurance .
If people were forced to pay that much for health insurance , governments would fall — and they have .
I remember what it felt like to move to the Netherlands and be told that I would have to buy health insurance , or I 'd be kicked out of the country .
For an American , it certainly felt ... different .
Then I encountered the other difference : I signed up for a plan , and found my premium cost me a quarter what I 'd been paying in America .
That was the result of decades of constituent pressure on politicians to get health - insurance costs down .
Mr Olbermann and Mr Moulitsas are still thinking like free - market consumers of health insurance : they do n't like it , so they want out .
Of Albert Hirschman 's trio of options for consumers in failing organisations , " Exit , Voice , and Loyalty " , they 're choosing " exit " .
When you move to universal health insurance , you have to get used to choosing " voice " : if you do n't like it , you fix it .
And if they want their side to continue winning any elections , they should probably get used to " loyalty " , too .
( Photo credit : AFP )
Car mats for all models from the UK 's no.1 specialist
We manufacture car mats tailored to fit your exact make and model .
Simply search for your vehicle and then choose from a wide range of carpet and rubber grades , colours , trims and heel pads .
We specialise in the supply of premium quality car mats , manufactured to an exceptionally high quality standard .
We use automotive grade carpets for all our mats , including our basic range .
This commitment to quality ensures that our customers return to us time and again .
In fact , over 20 % of our customers have bought from us before .
Key Benefits
Virtually without exception , our patterns are identical to those used in genuine OE mats .
Cut on the latest computerised cutting machinery to ensure absolute pattern accuracy .
Finished by hand with a choice of high quality synthetic trims .
Available in both carpet and rubber , all materials are designed to be easy to clean .
The carpet materials are all too Automotive standards and have a non-slip backing .
A wide choice of colour , quality and trims allows full personalisation of your own , unique car mats .
All our mats come fitted with clips to allow them to attach securely to OE floor fixings .
Enhance your car interior with a set of our fully tailored car mats .
The Compact Skoda Rapid Hatchback The Compact Skoda Rapid Hatchback
As many happy family motorists already all too well know , the Skoda Rapid is a fantastic choice of compact hatchback utilizing cutting edging technology .
Get More Post ...
Buying process Find Vehicle
Pick Model
Decide Material
Pick Trim Colour
Checkout Buy Your Car mats today !
( Click for much bigger version )
The second book featured above , The King Amaz'd by Gonzalo Torrente Ballester , is a wonderful and strange novel : Spain is in trouble , struck by incursions from Hell , because the King desires to see his wife naked .
Meanwhile , a pure - hearted priest who is able to chat with Satan without becoming corrupted , meets up with the Devil to sort out what can be done .
Beautifully written , and obeying its own strange internal logic , it 's a beautiful book .
As someone with an interest in the use of one image on multiple books , I 've wondered in the past which image has been most popular , appearing on the greatest number of books .
I think I 've found the answer : it 's Diego Velázquez 's ' Rokeby Venus ' , which was attacked in 1914 by " Slasher " Mary Richardson , the militant suffragette , supposedly to protest against the arrest of Emmeline Pankhurst the previous day .
“ I have tried to destroy the picture of the most beautiful woman in mythological history as a protest against the government for destroying Mrs Pankhurst , who is the most beautiful character in modern history , ” Richardson said at the time , though she admitted in 1952 that another reason was simply that she “ did n’t like the way men visitors gaped at it all day long ” .
( See more here . )
It 's the painting 's combination of sexiness and restraint , I suspect , that has seen it so widely used .
Here are just a selection of covers which feature it , and this excludes the many other Velázquez - focused books which also make use of it .
A week ago we posed several questions to Goldman managing directors Lucas van Praag and David Viniar .
Earlier today we received a broad response .
We present it in its entirety for our readers .
We will provide our counter - response shortly .
Dear Mr. Durden :
We read your comments about prop trading with interest .
I ’ve addressed some of the points you raised , as well as the questions you directed to David Viniar and me .
The fact that I have n’t necessarily addressed all your points should n’t be construed as tacit acceptance of any of them .
1 ) “ Considering that Goldman must disclose a trading VaR , or value at risk on a quarterly basis , which over the past year has averaged over $ 200 million , one can back into actual prop capital and revenue ”
Our VaR is primarily driven by client - related activity rather than proprietary activity .
Using VaR to “ back into actual prop capital and revenue ” would produce a meaningless result .
2 ) “ A month ago Zero Hedge presented a unique glance into Goldman ’s prop trading activities courtesy of the 2008 tax filing of the Goldman Sachs Foundation ”
Your premise wrong .
There are tax and legal restrictions which prohibit the firm from trading on the Foundation ’s behalf .
3 ) “ Goldman disclosed that it had $ 352.2 billion in fair value of principal trading instruments at September 30 , 2009 .
How much of this is considered allocated to prop if this is in fact a distinct strategy from principal ? ”
The $ 352.2bn is the fair value of our trading assets , the vast majority of which consist of trading inventory we use to make markets for our clients .
4 ) “ Does the firm 's FICC revenue line have absolutely no prop trading embedded within it ?
Goldman made $ 20 billion in FICC year to date : is none of this $ 20 billion due to capital at risk , or is it all due to wide bid / / ask spreads ? ”
We ’ve said publicly that prop trading represents approximately 10 % of this year ’s reported net revenue .
Some of that revenue is reflected in the FICC line .
We generate the vast majority of our revenue in FICC by facilitating trading activity for our clients and nearly all our revenues in FICC are “ due to capital at risk ” ( your phrase ) .
In periods when capital withdraws from the market , bid - offer spreads tend to widen and we benefit to the extent that we are willing to commit capital and do so successfully .
These activities necessarily involve risk taking .
Over the last 5 years , prop investing activities have represented about 12 % of firmwide net revenues
5 ) “ What was the pro rata allocation to Goldman Sachs Foundation as a percentage of capital per each trading ticket in 2008 ?
Does GSF have a dedicated trading silo within Goldman ? ”
As I said above , as required by law , the Goldman Sachs Foundation is managed separately .
There are no “ trading silos ” dedicated to the Foundation ’s activities
6 ) “ Why did the Goldman Sachs Foundation not participate in Goldman 's prop CDS trades ? ”
See above .
7 ) “ How much did Goldman 's prop operations lose in 2008 trading Russell 1000 futures ? ”
The amount was de minimus .
8 ) “ How much did Goldman 's prop operations lose trading all equity , credit and commodity products ? ”
Not disclosed
9 ) “ When will Goldman clearly and distinctly segregate on its income statement the prop trading profit and losses , if these are in fact unique from " principal " trading as defined , and attach an MD&A to all relevant disclosure ? ”
Our proprietary activity is small in the context of the firm ’s overall revenues and risk exposures .
10 ) “ Goldman is insinuating is that the firm 's prop trading really carries virtually no risk . ”
We do n’t think any trading activity is risk - free .
Risk is risk , and our job is to make sure individual risks are appropriately sized .
11 ) “ How do you define market risk ? ”
We define it as the potential for change in the market value of our trading and investing positions .
12 ) “ Do you take fixed price positions ? ”
Please explain your question .
13 ) “ Are you exclusively a hedger or do you ‘ optimize ’ your assets ? ”
Please clarify what you mean .
14 ) “ Do you have a risk policy ? ”
Yes .
We think of risk management as being one of our core competencies and it remains integral to our success as a firm .
Our management team is active in risk management discussions across the firm and open discussion on the subject are encouraged .
By the way , we think fair value accounting is a critically important aspect of risk management .
Another important tenet of our approach to risk management is the independence of control functions from the business units
We also use a variety of approaches to monitor risk .
In addition to VaR , we use multiple stressed - based methodologies , including jump - to - default analyses , to quantify tail risks .
16 ) “ How do you monitor trading / hedging limits ? ”
Virtually all of our equity and fixed Income businesses receive VaR based risk - limits , aged inventory limits and balance sheet limits .
The limits are reviewed by senior management and Risk Committee on a regular basis .
17 ) “ Mr. David Viniar , who recently said that the firm does n't benefit from any implicit government guarantee .
Goldman , as presented here , benefits directly from $ 21 billion in FDIC ( taxpayer ) - insured bond issues .
How does Mr. Viniar reconcile this particular fact with his spurious claim ? ”
We do n’t believe that we have any form of guarantee , implicit or otherwise , from anyone and we certainly do n’t manage our business as though we do .
We issued debt under the FDIC ’s Temporary Loan Guarantee Program and , like every other bank that issued debt under the program , paid the FDIC a significant amount of money upfront for the guarantee .
We also pay interest to the investors who bought the notes .
We stopped issuing debt under the program in March .
The notes are not callable .
In the context of the firm ’s approximately $ 900 billion balance sheet and hundreds of billions of dollars of funding , we do n’t think any informed investor would believe that FDIC insurance on a small portion of our funding represented a “ guarantee ” of the firm .
Regards / Lucas van Praag
The Shattered Greenhouse : How Simple Physics Demolishes the " Greenhouse Effect " .
Timothy Casey B.Sc. ( Hons . )
Consulting Geologist
First Uploaded ISO : 2009 - Oct -13
Revision 5 ISO : 2011 - Dec-07
Some former elements of this article such as the laser experiment , radiation budget commentary , and the UHI implications are to be later reproduced in an additional article concerning the mid-20th century revival of the " Greenhouse Effect " .
This notice will be removed when the new article is uploaded .
Abstract
This article explores the " Greenhouse Effect " in contemporary literature and in the frame of physics , finding a conspicuous lack of clear thermodynamic definition .
The " Greenhouse Effect " is defined by Arrhenius ' ( 1896 ) modification of Pouillet 's backradiation idea so that instead of being an explanation of how a thermal gradient is maintained at thermal equilibrium , Arrhenius ' incarnation of the backradiation hypothesis offered an extra source of power in addition to the thermally conducted heat which produces the thermal gradient in the material .
The general idea as expressed in contemporary literature , though seemingly chaotic in its diversity of emphasis , shows little change since its revision by Svante Arrhenius in 1896 , and subsequent refutation by Robert Wood in 1909 .
The " Greenhouse Effect " is presented as a radiation trap whereby changes in atmospheric composition resulting in increased absorption lead to increased surface temperatures .
However , since the composition of a body , isolated from thermal contact by a vacuum , cannot affect mean body temperature , the " Greenhouse Effect " has , in fact , no material foundation .
Compositional variation can change the distribution of heat within a body in accordance with Fourier 's Law , but it cannot change the overall temperature of the body .
Arrhenius ' Backradiation mechanism did , in fact , duplicate the radiative heat transfer component by adding this component to the conductive heat flow between the earth 's surface and the atmosphere , when thermal conduction includes both contact and radiative modes of heat transfer between bodies in thermal contact .
Moreover , the temperature of the earth 's surface and the temperature in a greenhouse are adequately explained by elementary physics .
Consequently , the dubious explanation presented by the " Greenhouse Effect " hypothesis is an unnecessary complication .
Furthermore , this hypothesis has neither direct experimental confirmation nor direct empirical evidence of a material nature .
Thus the notion of " Anthropogenic Global Warming " , which rests on the " Greenhouse Effect " , also has no real foundation .
1.0 Introduction : What on Earth Is the " Greenhouse Effect " ?
Confusion and Lack of Thermodynamic Definition
Although the " Greenhouse Effect " is of crucial importance to modern climatology and is the putative cornerstone of the Anthropogenic Global Warming hypothesis , it lacks clear thermodynamic definition .
This forecasts the likelihood that the name is misapplied .
Even general descriptions of the " Greenhouse Effect " may seem confused when compared to one another .
In the first year university geology text by Press & Siever ( 1982 , p. 312 ) we read :
" The atmosphere is relatively transparent to the incoming visible rays of the Sun .
Much of that radiation is absorbed at the Earth 's surface and then reemitted as infrared , invisible long - wave rays that radiate back away from the surface ( Fig. 12-14 ) .
The atmosphere , however , is relatively opaque and impermeable to infrared rays because of the combined effect of clouds and carbon dioxide , which strongly absorbs the radiation instead of allowing it to escape into space .
This absorbed radiation heats the atmosphere , which radiates heat back to the Earth 's surface .
This is called the ' greenhouse effect ' by analogy to the warming of greenhouses , whose glass is the barrier to heat loss . "
This explanation is fundamentally confusing because it is seemingly contradictory , as impermeable materials cannot absorb on the minute to minute timescale that applies to the " Greenhouse Effect " , even if such an impermeable material has a very high fluid storage capacity or porosity .
According to Press & Siever 's explanation above , the atmosphere is relatively impermeable due to the presence of clouds and carbon dioxide , which are part of the atmosphere .
How then , can the part of the atmosphere that makes it impermeable to infrared , simultaneously facilitate infrared absorption ?
Moreover , the idea of thermal permeability is a product of the 19th century pseudoscientific notion that heat was actually a fluid ( called " caloric " ) .
This led to a great deal of misunderstanding amongst the scientifically illiterate when it came to the findings of Fourier ( e.g. Kelland , 1837 ) .
We may compare this description of the " Greenhouse Effect " with that of Whitaker ( 2007 , pp. 17-18 ) , which lacks the misplaced 19th century usage :
" The incoming solar radiation that the earth absorbs is re-emitted in the form of so - called infra-red radiation - this is where the vital ' greenhouse effect ' begins .
Because of the chemical structure of the greenhouse gases in the atmosphere , they absorb the infra-red radiation from the Earth , and then emit it , into space and back into the atmosphere .
The atmospheric re-emission helps heat the surface of the Earth - as well as the lower atmosphere - and keeps us warm . "
This explanation describes the " Greenhouse Effect " as " vital " , perhaps because , as Whitaker points out , it warms the earth 's surface .
Wishart ( 2009 , p. 24 ) explains that this " Greenhouse Effect " is useful for a completely different reason :
" The Moon is another excellent example of what happens with no greenhouse effect .
During the lunar day , average surface temperatures reach 107ºC , while the lunar night sees temperatures drop from boiling point to 153 degrees below zero .
No greenhouse gases mean there 's no way to smooth out temperatures on the moon .
On Earth , greenhouse gases filter some of the sunlight hitting the surface and reflect some of the heat back out into space , meaning the days are cooler , but conversely the gases insulate the planet at night , preventing a lot of the heat from escaping . "
In Wishart 's explanation above , the Greenhouse Effect " is no longer a warming mechanism but a thermal buffer that moderates the extremes of temperature .
In fact , Plimer ( 2001 ) uses the term " greenhouse " to denote interglacial periods ( e.g. Plimer , 2001 , p. 80 ) .
In describing the conditions when life evolved on earth 3800 million years ago , Plimer ( 2001 , p. 43 ) , like Wishart , is more reminiscent of Frankland ( 1864 ) and Tyndall ( 1867 ) :
" The Earth 's temperature had moderated because the atmosphere was rich in carbon dioxide and water vapour created a greenhouse . "
The above quotes demonstrate a confusing array of " Greenhouse Effect " definitions , including the first one which seems to contradict itself .
Plimer ( 2009 , p. 365 ) really describes this situation very well when he writes :
" Everyone knows what the greenhouse effect is .
Well ... do they ?
Ask someone to explain how the greenhouse effect works .
There is an extremely high probability that they have no idea .
What really is the greenhouse effect ?
The use of the term ' greenhouse effect ' is a complete misnomer .
Greenhouses or glasshouses are used for increasing plant growth , especially in colder climates .
A greenhouse eliminates convective cooling , the major process of heat transfer in the atmosphere , and protects the plants from frost . "
The " Greenhouse Effect " was originally defined around the hypothesis that visible light penetrating the atmosphere is converted to heat on absorption and emitted as infrared , which is subsequently trapped by the opacity of the atmosphere to infrared .
In Arrhenius ( 1896 , p. 237 ) we read :
" Fourier maintained that the atmosphere acts like the glass of a hothouse , because it lets through the light rays of the sun but retains the dark rays from the ground . "
This quote from Arrhenius establishes the fact that the " Greenhouse Effect " , far from being a misnomer , is so - called because it was originally based on the assumption that an atmosphere and the glass of a greenhouse are the same in their workings .
Interestingly , Fourier does n't even mention hothouses or greenhouses , and actually stated that in order for the atmosphere to be anything like the glass of a hotbox , such as the experimental aparatus of de Saussure ( 1779 ) , the air would have to solidify while conserving its optical properties ( Fourier , 1827 , p. 586 ; Fourier , 1824 , translated by Burgess , 1837 , pp. 11-12 ) .
In spite of Arrhenius ' misunderstanding of Fourier , the Concise Oxford English Dictionary ( 11th Edition ) reflects his initial opening description of the " Greenhouse Effect " :
" Greenhouse Effect noun the trapping of the sun 's warmth in the planet 's lower atmosphere , due to the greater transparency of the atmosphere to visible radiation from the sun than to infrared radiation emitted from the planet 's surface . "
These descriptions of the " Greenhouse Effect " all evade the key question of heat transfer .
Given that the " Greenhouse Effect " profoundly affects heat transfer and distribution , what are the thermodynamic properties that govern the " Greenhouse Effect " and how , exactly , is this " Greenhouse Effect " governed by these material properties ?
Moreover , all of the elements expressed in the preceding quotations can be found in Arrhenius ' proposition of the " Greenhouse Effect " .
While Arrhenius credits Tyndall with the thermal buffer idea expressed in Plimer ( 2001 ) and Wishart ( 2009 ) , he then goes on to express the more complicated idea described in Press & Siever ( 1982 ) and Whitaker ( 2007 ) .
The " atmospheric re-emission " that " helps heat the surface of the earth " of Whitaker ( 2007 , pp. 17-18 ) is the key to Arrhenius ' original proposition , which revolves around the backradiation notion first proposed by Pouillet ( 1838 , p. 42 ; translated by Taylor , 1846 , p. 61 ) .
However , Pouillet used this idea to explain rather than add to the thermal gradient measured in transparent envelopes while , as we shall see , Arrhenius treated backradiation as an addition to the conductive ( i.e. net ) heat flow indicated by the thermal gradient .
2.0 How the " Greenhouse Effect " Is Built upon Arrhenius ' Legacy of Error : Misattribution , Misunderstanding , and Energy Creation
Arrhenius ' first error was to assume that greenhouses and hotboxes work as a radiation trap .
Fourier explained quite clearly that such structures simply prevent the replenishment of the air inside , allowing it to reach much higher temperatures than are possible in circulating air ( Fourier , 1824 , translated by Burgess , 1837 , p. 12 ; Fourier , 1827 , p. 586 ) .
Yet , as we have seen in the previous quotation of Arrhenius , this fundamental misunderstanding of greenhouses is attributed by Arrhenius to Fourier .
2.1 Misattribution versus What Fourier Really Found
Contrary to what Arrhenius ( 1896 , 1906 b ) and many popular authors may claim ( Weart , 2003 ; Flannery , 2005 ; Archer , 2009 ) , Fourier did not consider the atmosphere to be anything like glass .
In fact , Fourier ( 1827 , p. 587 ) rejected the comparison by stipulating the impossible condition that , in order for the atmosphere to even remotely resemble the workings of a hotbox or greenhouse , layers of the air would have to solidify without affecting the air 's optical properties .
What Fourier ( 1824 , translated by Burgess , 1837 , p. 12 ) actually wrote stands in stark contrast to Arrhenius ' claims about Fourier 's ideas :
" In short , if all the strata of air of which the atmosphere is formed , preserved their density with their transparency , and lost only the mobility which is peculiar to them , this mass of air , thus become solid , on being exposed to the rays of the sun , would produce an effect the same in kind with that we have just described .
The heat , coming in the state of light to the solid earth , would lose all at once , and almost entirely , its power of passing through transparent solids : it would accumulate in the lower strata of the atmosphere , which would thus acquire very high temperatures .
We should observe at the same time a diminution of the degree of acquired heat , as we go from the surface of the earth . "
A statement to the same effect can be found in Fourier ( 1827 , p. 586 ) .
This demonstrates the sheer dissonance between these statements and what proponents of the " Greenhouse Effect " claim that Fourier says in their support .
Moreover , I am not the first author to have discovered this fact by reading Fourier for myself ( e.g. Fleming , 1999 ; Gerlich & Tscheuschner , 2007 and 2009 ) .
Furthermore , in his conclusion , the optical effect of air on heat is dropped by Fourier ( 1824 , translated by Burgess , 1837 , pp. 17-18 ) and Fourier ( 1827 , pp. 597-598 ) which both state :
" The earth receives the rays of the sun , which penetrate its mass , and are converted into non-luminous heat : it likewise possesses an internal heat with which it was created , and which is continually dissipated at the surface : and lastly , the earth receives rays of light and heat from innumerable stars , in the midst of which is placed the solar system .
These are three general causes which determine the temperature of the earth . "
Fourier 's fame has , in fact , nothing to do with any theory of atmospheric or surface temperature .
This fame was earned years before such musings , when Fourier derived the law of physics that governs heat flow , and was subsequently named after him .
About this , Fourier ( 1824 , p. 166 ; Translation by Burgess , 1837 , p. 19 ) remarks :
" Perhaps other properties of radiating heat will be discovered , or causes which modify the temperatures of the globe .
But all the principle laws of the motion of heat are known .
This theory , which rests upon immutable foundations , constitutes a new branch of mathematical sciences . "
As you can see , Fourier admits that his work is constrained to the net movement of heat .
In fact , nowhere does Fourier differentiate between radiative and , for example , " kinetic " heat transfer , because the means to tell the difference were not available when Fourier studied heat flow .
What this tells us is that Fourier 's Law , and only Fourier 's Law , can describe the transfer of heat between bodies in thermal contact .
Thus the distribution of heat between the atmosphere and the surface of the earth , with which it has thermal contact , cannot be correctly calculated using the radiative transfer equations derived from Boltzmann ( 1884 ) because the thermal contact of these bodies makes this a question of Fourier 's Law .
However , to better understand this it is necessary to explore the motion of heat and the modes of heat transfer more thoroughly than did Arrhenius .
2.2 Aethereal Misunderstanding versus Subatomic Heat Transfer
Arrhenius ( 1906 b , pp. 154 and 225 ) still clung to the aether hypothesis , which refers to the unspecified material medium of space .
Arrhenius ' adherence to this hypothesis remained firm in spite of its sound refutation by Michelson & Morley ( 1887 ) .
This leaves the conceptual underpinning of radiation in Arrhenius ' " Greenhouse Effect " to Tyndall ( 1864 , pp. 264-265 ; 1867 , p. 416 ) , who ascribes communication of molecular vibration into the aether and communication of aethereal vibration to molecular motion .
This interaction conceptually separates radiated heat from conducted heat so that radiation remains separate and distinct from conductive heat flow - effectively isolating conductive heat flow from the radiative mode of heat transfer .
Thus no consideration is made for internal radiative transfer as a part of conductive transfer , in the context of aethereal wave propagation .
However , Arrhenius ' contemporaries , having moved beyond the debunked aether hypothesis , had a much more realistic perspective of the interactions between radiation , heat , and subatomic particles .
During the life of Arrhenius ' " Greenhouse Effect " , the scientific community understood that radiation was electromagnetic ( Maxwell , 1864 ; Heaviside , 1881 ; Hertz , 1888 ) , and by the time Arrhenius first published on the subject of the " Greenhouse Effect " , Thompson ( 1896 ) had extended his idea of electrons to photoelectric effects on gases due to ionizing radiation , known then as röntgen rays .
The photoelectric effect , by which a current or charge could be generated in certain materials by their exposure to electromagnetic radiation , was a matter of inquiry at the time .
The emission of radiation in discrete quanta , though first suggested by Boltzmann in 1877 , was mathematically formalised by Planck ( 1901 ) .
Einstein ( 1905 ) experimentally confirmed Planck 's Equation after adapting it to the photoelectric effect , which was the subject of his study .
However , ideas concerning the internal structure of the atom and it's relationship to ionisation , magnetism , photoelectric interactions , and discrete quanta of electromagnetic radiation were under intense development at the time ( Thomson , 1902 ; Thomson , 1903 ; Thomson , 1904 ) .
By the time Bohr ( 1913 ) corrected the problems in Thomson 's atomic model , the relationship between changes in electron shell ( i.e. orbit ) potential and photoelectric emission of radiation were a foregone conclusion .
The relevance of these discoveries to the question of heat transfer is that unlike the notion of aethereal heat transfer , emission of electromagnetic energy quanta by atoms and molecules in materials confirmed that the radiative mode of heat transfer was as much a part of thermal conduction as any other mode of heat transfer .
In order to understand how heat moves through materials , we must first examine the structure and behaviour of the material media at a sub-atomic level .
An atom comprises a nucleus within a shell .
The shell is due to " Thomson 's corpuscles " , later known as electrons , which are negatively charged particles that orbit a nucleus with a positive charge corresponding to the number of these electrons .
These orbital paths are also known as electron shells and , when shared by more than one atom , electron shells form the chemical bond between those atoms .
When a " photon " , or rather an electromagnetic wave pulse , passes through the electron shell - which is the region defined by the corresponding mathematical function called an orbital - one of a number of things may occur .
It may pass through the " shell " , it may be deflected by the " shell " , or it may be absorbed by an electron in the " shell " .
When an electromagnetic wave pulse or ' photon ' of light or heat is absorbed by an electron , the energy imparted to the electron is converted to kinetic energy , which moves the electron out to an orbital level commensurate with the energy gained .
If we consider , from the mass of both electron and nucleus , that the centre of mass is somewhere between the electron and the nucleus , then this centre of mass does not coincide with the centre of positive charge , about which the electron orbits .
Imagine a circumstance in which this centre of mass remains static , while the nucleus revolves around it .
As the electron shell is centred on the nucleus , then in this case the shell and the entire atom or molecule is thus seen to wobble or vibrate about a particular point .
The higher the electron shell , the more intense this wobble or vibration becomes .
As a consequence , the absorption of electromagnetic radiation by a material manifests itself as what appears to be a corresponding net increase in the kinetic energy of constituent molecules .
If we take the processes we have just examined and apply them to more than one molecule , we may then perceive as Waterson ( 1843 , 1846 , 1892 ) did , that through collisions between molecules , the material must either expand or its internal pressure will increase .
By this we may infer the kinetic propagation of heat through a medium by the collision of its molecules , as the momentum of one molecule is transferred to another in the collision .
This is not the only consequence of molecular collision .
Such a collision may transfer the kinetic energy from an electron of the inbound molecule to an electron of the outbound molecule .
It is also possible that the collision may destabilise one or both electron shells resulting in the corresponding drops to lower electron potentials .
When an electron falls to a lower orbit or electron shell of lesser potential , a " photon " or pulse of electromagnetic radiation is emitted .
That electromagnetic wave pulse then propagates through the material until it is either absorbed by another molecule or escapes from the material .
However short - lived , such radiation quanta carry a proportion of heat flow in all materials .
Whether we are talking about air , glass , or steel , a component of internal heat transfer is via internal radiation , however short the path of that radiation may be .
Ergo , thermal conduction is not solely the kinetic transfer of heat , but also the transmission and reception of radiation within a material or materials in thermal contact .
This is confirmed by the fact that conductive heat transfer , as defined by Fourier ( 1822 ) , is only concerned with total heat flow and therefore describes the sum of both radiative and kinetic transfer without addressing either specifically .
This differs markedly from the separation of radiative and kinetic transfer implicit in the ethereal model of heat transfer proposed by Tyndall and favoured by Arrhenius .
This divergence of Arrhenius ' idea of heat transfer from the facts of contemporary science forecasts a major error in Arrhenius ' thermodynamics .
2.3 Obfuscated Energy Creation versus " Kirchhoff's Law "
It is an interesting fact that Arrhenius ( 1896 and 1906b ) obfuscates his critical backradiation mechanism of the " Greenhouse Effect " by focusing the reader 's attention on the idea he falsely attributed to Fourier , which is now found in the dictionary ; namely , that the atmosphere admits the visible radiation of the sun but obstructs the infrared radiation from the earth .
However , Arrhenius ' calculations are based on surface heating by backradiation from the atmosphere ( first proposed by Pouillet , 1838 , p. 44 ; translated by Taylor , 1846 , p. 63 ) , which is further clarified in Arrhenius ( 1906a ) .
This exposes the fact that Arrhenius ' " Greenhouse Effect " must be driven by recycling radiation from the surface to the atmosphere and back again .
Thus , radiation heating the surface is re-emitted to heat the atmosphere and then re-emitted by the atmosphere back to accumulate yet more heat at the earth 's surface .
Physicists such as Gerlich & Tscheuschner ( 2007 and 2009 ) are quick to point out that this is a perpetuum mobile of the second kind - a type of mechanism that creates energy from nothing .
It is very easy to see how this mechanism violates the first law of thermodynamics by counterfeiting energy ex nihilo , but it is much more difficult to demonstrate this in the context of Arrhenius ' obfuscated hypothesis .
Suffice it to say that heat is lost at the earth 's surface when it is radiated to the atmosphere .
The atmosphere having gained this heat loses it when it is re-radiated , half into space and half back to earth because radiation is omnidirectional - being emitted by a molecule in any direction .
However , such heat losses are not represented in the " Greenhouse Effect " , which recycles this heat instead .
According to this hypothesis , this heat joins yet more heat absorbed from direct solar radiation during the relay - much of which is simultaneously emitted and recycled again .
The intensity of terrestrial radiation absorbed by the atmosphere is thus increased and , taken in addition to that absorbed by the earth 's surface , now totals more than the radiation available from the sun ( e.g. Kiehl & Trenberth , 1997 ; Trenberth et al. , 2009 ) .
The logic is seductive , yet flawed .
Radiation is simply the amount of power per square metre .
This power cannot be used and stored at the same time .
Power cannot be raised without intensifying the source or adding another source of energy .
You can prove this at home by observing the consequences when you unceremoniously unplug the power lead from your amplifier ( while listening to some music ) .
Without the additional source of power , it simply cannot amplify the signal from the radio receiver or the DVD pickup .
Authors who defend the " Greenhouse Effect " attempt to characterise it as a form of heat congestion ( e.g. Archer , 2009 ) .
The problem with this defense is that no amount of heat congestion can result in an average power output exceeding the average power input .
The defense is also subject to the limitations of " Kirchhoff's Law " .
" Kirchhoff's Law " dictates that while emissivity and absorptivity are always equal for a given material or body , the equality of absorption ( not absorptivity ) and emission ( not emissivity ) of radiation defines thermal equilibrium between bodies that are not in thermal contact .
Even the misconception that selective absorptivity makes it easier for radiation to get in than to escape , breaks down when both the atmosphere and the surface of the earth are treated as a whole body .
Regardless of internal complexities , a whole body ultimately can only emit the exact amount of radiation it receives , or a lesser amount corresponding to a lower pre-equilibrium temperature if thermal equilibrium has not been reached .
By increasing absorption , emission is increased - which was confirmed experimentally by Stewart ( 1858 , 1860a , 1860 b ) and Kirchhoff ( 1859 & 1860 ) .
Moreover , this greater emission has a cooling effect on the atmosphere and Frankland ( 1864 , p. 326 ) asserts that without this loss of heat by emission to space , atmospheric water vapour could not condense into clouds and precipitation .
This cooling by radiative emission is further confirmed by Ellsaesser ( 1989 ) and Chillingar et al. ( 2008 ) .
Thus surface evaporation and subsequent condensation at altitude has a powerful cooling effect , which in addition to convection , offsets the high degree of heating that occurs at the surface .
Inasmuch as we raise the absorptivity of the atmosphere , we equally raise its capacity to emit radiation to space .
This was understood by Tyndall , Frankland and Fourier , as well being experimentally confirmed by Pouillet ( 1838 , p. 44 ; translated by Taylor , 1846 , p. 63 ) .
This concept of " Kirchhoff's Law " possibly dates back to the experimental work of Leslie ( e.g. 1804 , p. 24 ) .
However , the inclusion of " Kirchhoff's Law " in Fourier ( 1822 ) is highly suggestive of a much earlier source given the abundance of pre-existing qualitative thermodynamic principles that were subsequently quantified by Fourier .
The principle that a material 's absorptivity is equal to it 's emissivity , thus , has a long history with many experimental confirmations .
This same law of physics , experimentally conifrmed by numerous scientists , dictates that the temperature of the atmosphere cannot be changed simply by increasing absorptivity .
" Kirchhoff's law " thereby functions as the key to understanding the behaviour of passive body temperature in constant incident radiation .
Moreover , when Arrhenius ( 1896 , p. 255 ) added the radiative transfer between the earth 's surface and the atmosphere to the conductive transfer between the earth 's surface and the atmosphere , he effectively duplicated the radiative transfer quantity , because it was already included in the conductive transfer quantity ( " M " ) .
This quantity is representative of net heat flow in accordance with Fourier 's Law which , further , does not distinguish between kinetic and radiative modes of heat transfer across a thermal contact .
Not only did Arrhenius duplicate heat , thereby invoking an energy creation mechanism to equip carbon dioxide with a power source it does not have , he propagated an erroneous explanation of how greenhouses work , which he falsely attributed to Fourier .
Moreover , Arrhenius used this erroneous explanation as an alternative focal point for his " Hothouse Effect " .
With respect to the " Greenhouse Effect " , as it later became known , this misdirection proved most effective in drawing scrutiny away from the weakest proposition of the idea - as attested by its consequent Concise Oxford Dictionary definition .
It is upon this litany of error and misdirection that the " Greenhouse Effect " and the implicitly " anthropogenic " nature of global warming and climate change is based .
Having ascertained the various mechanisms of the " Greenhouse Effect " , we are ready to test this hypothesis against the laws of physics as they apply to real and repeatable experimental results of a physical and material nature .
3.0 Elementary Physics versus the " Greenhouse Effect "
Heat distribution amongst materials in thermal contact is controlled by respective thermal conductivities rather than any putative optical properties .
The relationship between thermal gradient - the change in temperature per unit length - and heat flux - the rate of energy flow across a unit area - is key to understanding the relationship between thermal conductivity and heat distribution within a material or materials in thermal contact .
This is limited by the overall power available via the heat flux , which may come from another body in thermal contact or as radiation from a body isolated by a vacuum .
However , the amount of heat available to a system due to increased absorption , is lost to corresponding emission .
Thus a change in materials without a change in incident radiation - the radiation that falls on a body - can , at most , alter the distribution of heat within those materials .
3.1 The Physics of Nitrogen , Oxygen , and Carbon Dioxide
The relationship between conductivity and net heat transfer explains why physicists , as Gerlich & Tscheuschner ( 2007 and 2009 ) point out , only consider the question of heat and temperature in terms of measurable physical properties such as thermal conductivity and heat capacity , unless that heat is being radiated across a vacuum .
The latter case presents a question only answered by the Stefan - Boltzmann Equation , explained below .
However , in terms of bodies in thermal contact , such as the atmosphere and the surface of the earth , the assertions of Arrhenius with respect to backradiation must necessarily be accompanied by a great variation in thermal conductivity in order to account for a comparably greater change in thermal gradient .
This question is addressed in Gerlich & Tscheuschner ( 2007 and 2009 , pp. 6 -10 ) , which shows an insufficient difference in the thermal conductivities of carbon dioxide , nitrogen , and oxygen to account for the claims of Arrhenius .
Carbon dioxide does , in fact , have a lower thermal conductivity than either nitrogen or oxygen ( by roughly 36 % , calculated from the figures of Gerlich & Tscheuschner , 2007 and 2009 ) .
So a large increase ( i.e. by hundreds of thousands of parts per million ) in atmospheric carbon dioxide concentration that would increase the thermal gradient accordingly , could produce a measurable surface warming .
As this cannot change the amount of heat flowing through the system , the effect would be manifest by a decrease in atmospheric temperature offset by a corresponding increase in surface temperature .
However , a meagre doubling of the presently insignificant levels of atmospheric carbon dioxide cannot have a measurable effect .
In fact , geological history records that other factors have a much greater influence on global climate than carbon dioxide .
If carbon dioxide produced the backradiation claimed by Arrhenius , thermal conductivity measurements of carbon dioxide would be so suppressed by the backradiation of heat conducted into this material , that the correspondingly steep temperature gradient would yield a negative thermal conductivity of carbon dioxide .
In reality , a 10,000 ppm increase in carbon dioxide could , at most , reduce the conductivity of air by 1 % .
Given the actual difference between the thermal conductivities of carbon dioxide ( 0.0168 ) and zero grade air ( 0.0260 ) , a 10,000 ppm increase in carbon dioxide would lower the thermal conductivity of zero grade air by 0.36 % .
That would represent a 0.36 % increase in thermal gradient , or a surface warming of 0.18 % and a ceiling cooling of 0.18 % of the total difference in temperature between the top and bottom of the affected air mass .
In the case of a tropospheric carbon dioxide increase of 10,000 ppm , that would correspond to a warming of 0.125 ºC , or one eighth of a degree Celsius at the earth 's surface , offset by a cooling of 0.125 ºC at the tropopause .
On the scale of doubling the troposphere 's carbon dioxide , the surface warming predicted by this simple and materialistic thermodynamic approach is on the order of 0.004ºC .
3.2 Extending the Stefan - Boltzmann Equation to Incidence of Radiation
Beyond the material medium of the atmosphere , heat is transferred across the vacuum of space by electromagnetic radiation .
In fact , radiation is the only way heat can cross a vacuum and this radiative transfer of heat is governed by the Stefan - Boltzmann Law .
As we shall see , this is critical to calculating body temperature from heat entering an otherwise thermally isolated body .
It also dictates the temperature of the ideal greenhouse .
However , as the Stefan - Boltzmann Law concerns radiation emitted , we must first extend this law to relate temperature to incident radiation .
This is achieved by applying the the principle of equal absorptivity and emissivity best known as " Kirchhoff's Law " .
" Kirchhoff's Law " can be used to simplify the Stefan - Boltzmann Equation ( Boltzmann , 1884 ) yielding a form that is surprisingly elegant .
The significance of Kirchhoff's Law lies in the fact that emissivity not only constrains the proportion absorbed , but the readiness with which the body may emit ( Kirchhoff , 1859 ; Kirchhoff , 1860 , translated by Guthrie , 1860 ) .
Thus as emissivity decreases for the same emission of radiation , the temperature rises .
However , given a constant incident radiation , the proportion by which temperature is raised by lack of emissivity is balanced by the reduced proportion of absorbed radiation .
Substituting incident radiation multiplied by emissivity for emitted radiation in the Stefan - Boltzmann Equation arises the following way :
Where :
W b = Radiation ( heat flux ) in Wm - 2 emitted by the body in question if it is a perfect black body
W i = Radiation ( heat flux ) in Wm - 2 incident upon the body in question
W e = Radiation ( heat flux ) in Wm - 2 emitted by the body in question
T = Absolute Temperature in ºK of the body in question
ε = Emissivity = Absorption / ( Absorption + Reflection ) of the body in question
σ = Stefan's Constant = 0.000000056704
W m = Mean incidence of radiation over the entire surface of the body in Wm - 2
A x = Mean cross-sectional area of radiation incident on the body in m2
A t = Topographical area of the body in m2
W b = σ T4 Stefan 's Law relating black body radiation to temperature ( Stefan , 1879 )
W e = εW b Emissivity is the proportion of hypothetical black body radiation emitted
W b = W i And at thermal equilibrium , black body radiation is equal to incident radiation
W e = εW i Ergo emissivity is also the proportion of incident radiation emitted
W e = σ εT4 As the Stefan - Boltzmann Equation ( Boltzmann , 1884 ) elaborates on emitted radiation :
εW i = σ εT4
Thus a body 's temperature response to incident radiation is entirely independent of emissivity , such that
W i = σT4
This is confusing because it looks just like Stefan 's Law for black bodies .
However , as the radiation in question is not the body 's emitted radiation as used by Stefan ( 1879 ) , but is instead the incident radiation , it applies not only to black bodies but in general - as shown by the simple derivation .
However , this case is strictly for omnidirectional radiation , which is only incident when all the radiation is diffuse or scattered .
Radiation from a given source is directional and when the source is distant , the radiation is measured in a plane perpendicular to incidence .
As a body is a three dimensional object with a much larger surface area than the area across which incident radiation falls , the emitted radiation of a body is always correspondingly lower in intensity then the incident radiation .
As the area of incidence is less than the area of emission , we must further modify our equation so :
W i A x /A t = σT4
W m = W i A x /A t
W m = σT4
As you can see , the temperature of a body in constant incident radiation cannot be raised by compositional changes , and solely depends on the intensity of the radiation .
This confirms the duplication of energy and to some degree , the perpetuum mobile inherent in the " Greenhouse Effect . "
3.3 Returning to Wood 's Experiment to Test Pouillet 's Backradiation Hypothesis & Arrhenius ' Greenhouse Effect
We may well ask if it is at all possible for backradiation to coexist as a significant process alongside contact transfer .
It would certainly seem possible within the limitations of thermal gradients .
However , if we revisit the experiment conducted by Robert Wood in 1909 , an entirely different picture emerges .
Wood constructed two miniature greenhouses identical in all but one respect .
One used a plate of halite to transmit light into the interior , while the other used a plate of glass to transmit light into the interior ( Wood , 1909 ) .
While glass absorbs more than 80 % of infrared radiation above 2900nm , halite does not and is regarded as quite transparent to infrared .
The point of the experiment was to test whether the halite 's lack of absorption and re-emission of infrared radiation relative to that of glass would have any effect on the temperature of the greenhouse .
Taking Pouillet ( 1838 ) and Arrhenius ( 1906a ) into account , we may extend the backradiation hypothesis to this particular situation .
In this case , the glass lets through the light of the sun but absorbs 85 % of the terrestrial infrared radiation radiation returning to space - at least that emitted above 2900nm .
We may suppose that this 85 % is of the half of the radiation that is absorbed above 2900nm and is augmented by about 15 % of the other half of the outgoing infrared radiation based on the numbers from Nicalau and Maluf ( 2001 ) .
That is a total absorption of 50 % of the outgoing radiation .
This radiation is subsequently emitted from the glass itself ; half radiated outside and half radiated back inside the miniature greenhouse .
The amount of radiation reaching the bottom of the greenhouse is equal to that directly received from the sun plus the 25 % radiated back by the glass .
Although halite is more transmissive than glass in the visible spectrum , this is offset by the fact that halite is much more reflective than glass in the visible spectrum ( Lane & Christensen , 1998 ) .
The difference in light transmission is less than 5 % .
Thus in the case of this experiment , the glass greenhouse bottom can be said to have received at least 120 % ( 100 - 5+25 ) of the radiation received by the halite greenhouse bottom according to the Arrhenius ' revision of Pouillet 's hypothesis .
Thus we expect the temperatures of the respective greenhouses to reflect this significant difference in hypothetical radiation reaching the respective bases .
In Wood 's experiment , the halite greenhouse interior temperature rose to 65 ºC or 338 ºK ( Wood , 1909 ) .
Applying the Stefan - Boltzmann equation as shown above , to the relationship between incident radiation and body temperature we may determine from :
W m = σT4
That :
W m = 0.000000056704 x 3384
W m = 740 Wm - 2
Now , according to the backradiation hypothesis and the measurable optical properties of glass and halite , this 740 Wm - 2 should be supplemented , in the glass greenhouse , by 20 % in backradiation from the glass .
Thus we may surmise , via Arrhenius ' variation on Pouillet 's backradiation idea , that the radiation at the bottom of the glass greenhouse in the first stage of Wood 's experiment was 888 Wm - 2 .
This predicts the temperature of the glass greenhouse as follows :
T = { W m /σ}0.25
Given W m = 888 Wm - 2 :
T = {888/0.000000056704}0.25 = 353.8 ºK = 80.6ºC
As you can see , Arrhenius ' hypothetical backradiation should raise the glass greenhouse temperature 15 ºC above the halite greenhouse temperature , in Wood 's experiment .
In fact , the first stage of the Wood experiment resulted in the glass greenhouse being slightly cooler than the halite greenhouse .
Considering the possibility that this could be due to the fact that the glass filters some of the sun 's radiation that is not filtered by the halite , Wood proceeded to conduct a second stage in his historic experiment .
This time , he filtered the radiation entering both greenhouses with a sheet of glass .
This had the effect of reducing the internal temperature of the halite greenhouse to 55 ºC or 328 ºK .
Thus the radiation incident on the bottom of the halite greenhouse is as follows :
W m = σT4
That :
W m = 0.000000056704 x 3284
W m = 656 Wm - 2
Allowing for additional 20 % of backradiation gives us W m = 788 Wm - 2 in the glass greenhouse , predicting :
T = { W m /σ}0.25
Given W m = 788 Wm - 2 :
T = {788/0.000000056704}0.25 = 343.3 ºK = 70.2ºC
Once again , the backradiation hypothesis predicts a temperature difference of 15 ºC but in this second stage of the Wood experiment no significant difference in temperature was recorded between the glass greenhouse and the halite greenhouse .
From the recorded results of the Wood experiment , we can only conclude that the backradiation hypothesis of Arrhenius creates heat ex nihilo , but only in theory .
3.4 Is the " Greenhouse Effect " Really Necessary ?
The temperature of the earth 's surface is often explained using the " Greenhouse Effect " .
However , having refuted the " Greenhouse Effect " , we may wonder if it was necessary in the first place .
The earth orbits the sun in the vacuum of space .
There is no aether as Fourier , Tyndall and Arrhenius believed .
Moreover , there is no heat capacity or thermal conductivity in space .
The only way for heat to escape the planet is by emission to space .
That makes the temperature of the absorbing mass of the earth a question of radiative heat transfer .
Hereafter , I will refer to the that portion of the earth 's mass which absorbs solar radiation as the " solarsphere " because the atmosphere does not include the surface layer warmed by the sun on a day to day basis and there is no other term to encompass both .
The method of calculation is to treat the solarsphere as an absorbing body subject to incident radiation from the sun .
Given the solar constant of 1368 Wm - 2 ( Fröhlich & Brusa , 1981 ) and the fact that the cross-sectional area of solar radiation incident upon the earth is roughly one quarter of the earth 's surface area , it is unsurprising to observe that authors such as Kiehl & Trenberth ( 1997 ) arrive at 342 Wm - 2 as the mean quantity of solar radiation that falls on the entire surface of the earth .
Using this , we may calculate the expected geographical and altitudinal mean temperature of the earth 's solarsphere .
W m = σT4
T4 = W m /σ
T = { W m /σ}0.25
Given W m = 342 :
T = {342/0.000000056704}0.25 = 278.7ºK = 5.5ºC
This figure , is an average or mean temperature for all times , latitudes , and altitudes of the the earth 's solarsphere .
Just as the balance point or centre of gravity is found at the centre of mass , this average temperature may be found at the centre of heat capacity .
In materials of similar heat capacity , this can be found near the centre of mass .
Thus , in order to determine how well our 5.5 ºC result - calculated above - corresponds to observed reality , we must first determine the average observed temperature at the barometric median in the part of the earth penetrated by solar energy .
From the diagrams supplied by Vallier - Talbot ( 2007 , pp. 25 - 26 ) , we may roughly determine the centre of mass for a one square metre column extending from two metres below the surface to 50 kilometres above the surface .
Soils and clays amount to roughly 2 tons per cubic metre , with the atmospheric column having to weigh 10 tons in order to yield a mean barometric pressure of roughly 1000 hectopascals at the surface .
The total column weighs 14 tons with the centre of gravity corresponding to the barometric median at 700 hPa .
Referring once again to Vallier - Talbot ( 2007 , p. 26 ) we may determine that on average , this pressure corresponds to an elevation of roughly a mile or 1600 m above the surface .
Given the observed average atmospheric thermal gradient of - 7 ºC with every 1000 m of elevation above the surface ( Vallier - Talbot , 2007 , p. 25 ) , we may calculate the average absorbing mass temperature as it occurs at the altitude of the barometric mean for our absorbing column .
No doubt you 've worked out that the temperature drop over a tropospheric ascent is 11 ºC per mile , and we all know that the average surface temperature is 15 ºC ( Arrhenius , 1896 , p. 239 ; Burroughs , 2007 , p. 124 ) .
Notwithstanding 100 years of apparently constant mean temperature from Arrhenius to Burroughs , we may determine that the observed temperature at the altitude corresponding to the centre of absorbing mass is 4 º C or 277ºK .
This , via the reasoning above , extends to an observed average absorbing mass temperature for planet earth of 4 ºC or 277ºK .
This is slightly cooler than the mean absorbing mass temperature calculated above from the solar constant ( 278.7 ºK , 5.5 ºC ) even if we do allow for 0.5 º warming over the last century .
However , if we were to consider the impact of convective cooling , I think we can agree that the temperature we derive from the Stefan - Boltzmann equation is well within the tolerance we must allow for such tests .
Adding the tropospheric thermal gradient of 11 ºC per mile we got from Vallier - Talbot ( 2007 ) above , our temperature ( 278.7 ºK , 5.5 ºC ) , calculated from the Stefan - Boltzmann Equation using the Solar Constant , yields a calculated surface temperature of around 16.5 ºC .
The fact that this is warmer than the observed mean surface temperatures of Arrhenius and Burroughs ( 15 ºC ) leaves no room for such dubious free energy mechanisms as Arrhenius ' " Greenhouse Effect " .
The surface temperature of the earth can be much more simply explained without resorting to such complex and unverifiable entities as radiative amplification and power recycling via backradiation of the " Greenhouse Effect " .
Absorptivity of any of the parts can vary , but that only alters the overall emissivity , which in turn leaves unchanged , the gross power flowing though the system .
Once equilibrium is reached it is only the power flowing through a thermally isolated system that controls and maintains mean temperature .
This is because comtinuing and ongoing power is required to offset the amount of heat that is lost spontaneously and continuously due to emission of radiation .
Our calculation of mean surface temperature without the " Greenhouse Effect " above ( 16.5±0.5 ºC corresponding to 16 - 17 ºC ) is made without considering the effect of carbon dioxide .
According to Arrhenius ( 1906a , translated by Gerlich & Tscheuschner , 2009 , pp. 56 - 57 ) the observed temperature should be 20.9 ºC higher than that yielded by a calculation such as this , owing to the carbon dioxide in the atmosphere .
The observed surface temperature of 15 ºC ( Arrhenius , 1896 ; Burroughs , 2007 ) is actually 1 - 2 ºC lower than the calculated mean surface temperature of 16 - 17ºC .
The lower atmosphere will always be warmer than the upper atmosphere because higher material density in the lower atmosphere dictates a much higher thermal conductivity , absorption and density of heat .
In contact with an opaque surface warmed by the bulk of the heat absorbed from the sun , it is not difficult to explain why the surface is so much warmer than the altitude corresponding to the centre of mass in the solarsphere .
Moreover , the Ideal Gas Law ( PV = nRT ) dictates that the temperature of a gas containing a given amount of heat invariably increases with pressure .
As the highest atmospheric pressure is at the surface , it makes sense that the higher temperature is there , especially if obstruction to radiative outflow decreases with altitude .
Turning our attention to the example of Langley 's greenhouse experiment on Pike 's Peak in Colorado ( mentioned by Arrhenius , 1906 b ) , we may be tempted to ask how it is that a greenhouse can reach such high temperatures .
Qualitatively , we may attribute the difference between the 15 ºC mean surface temperature and the 113ºC observed in Langley 's greenhouse to the fact that noon - time radiation at the surface is three to four times as intense as the mean radiation over the whole of the earth 's surface .
Repeating our calculation method , this time for the midday conditions of a greenhouse :
T = { W m /σ}0.25
Given W m = 1368 :
T = {1368/0.000000056704}0.25 = 394.1 ºK = 121.0ºC
As you can see , our application of the Stefan - Boltzmann Equation predicts that incident Solar radiation at 1368 Wm - 2 should produce a maximum daytime temperature of 394.1 º K or 121.0 ºC in a greenhouse fully protected from heat losses to conduction .
Although Langley 's temperature is lower by eight degrees , it is near enough and , allowing for conductive heat loss , remains a testament to the insulating effectiveness of double glazing .
What is demonstrated in the above examples , is the fact that surface temperature and the temperature in a greenhouse can be explained without resorting to the extraneous entity called the " Greenhouse Effect " .
This is significant in light of Ockham 's Razor , which states :
Entia non sunt multiplicanda praeter necessitatem .
This reads in English as :
Entities are not to be multiplied beyond necessity .
Although the terminology may seem unfamiliar in light of 20th century usage , if we look at the words for what they mean we can , nonetheless , understand this statement .
This suggests , in modern palance , that it is simply not valid to hypothesise beyond what is strictly necessary to explain the material evidence we possess .
A hypothesis that does go beyond the support of material evidence violates this principle in that the evidence is already explained by a simpler theory .
This is one of the most fundamental and definitive principles of science .
4.0 Conclusion : a Greenhouse with neither Frame nor Foundation Cannot Stand
In the frame of physics , a " greenhouse effect " as such , can only be used to describe a mechanism by which heat accumulates in an isolated pocket of gas that is unable to mix with the main body of gas .
The elimination of convection within the troposphere by stratification , and the consequent temperature rise at the surface , presents us with a natural , if not hypothetical , example of a " greenhouse mechanism " in the frame of physics .
Pseudoscience , popular misconception and political misuse of the term " greenhouse effect " have given it quite a different and unrelated meaning .
The Hothouse Limerick
There was an old man named Arrhenius
Whose physics were rather erroneous
He recycled rays
In peculiar ways
And created a " heat " most spontaneous !
Timothy Casey , 2010 Since its original proposition by Arrhenius , the definition of the " Greenhouse Effect " has been chaotic and , as such , has successfully obfuscated the weakest and most important part of that proposition .
Namely , that terrestrial heat radiated into the atmosphere is there absorbed and re-emitted back to earth to raise surface temperatures beyond what is possible from the incident radiation alone .
In fact the physics , as we have examined them , only allow compositional changes to redistribute heat within the absorbing mass of the earth if no change in mean incident radiation occurs .
This predicts that atmospheric warming due to increased opacity can only result in surface cooling , which effectively does no more than alter the thermal gradient , thereby redistributing the heat without adding or subtracting from it .
This was confirmed by observations of surface cooling during eruptions that ejected ash and carbon dioxide into the stratosphere ( Angell & Korshover , 1985 ) and by observations of stratospheric warming as a consequence of these same eruptions ( Angell , 1997 ) .
The " Greenhouse Effect " would predict that backradiation from this warmer stratosphere would instead warm the surface significantly .
Evidently , this did not occur .
If the power recycling mechanisms that typify the " Greenhouse Effect " really existed , we could build cars that ran on nothing but their own recycled momentum and free energy machines could be built to create energy out of nothing more than spent energy .
With a viable " Greenhouse Effect " a windscreen would not need a demister as the heat back - radiated by the glass would prevent ice and water drops from condensing and double - glazed windows filled with carbon dioxide would be self heating .
In reality , heat flows and is conducted via two modes of heat transfer .
One mode of heat flow is by contact transfer , and the other is by radiative transfer .
By taking the radiative transfer part of conductive transfer and adding it to the total amount of conductive transfer between the surface of the earth and the atmosphere , Arrhenius ( 1896 ) duplicated a portion of the existing heat pro rata to the degree of absorption by carbon dioxide when , in fact , this portion of radiative transfer is already included in the conductive transfer figure .
In the real physics of thermodynamics , the measurable thermodynamic properties of common atmospheric gases predict little if any influence on temperature by carbon dioxide concentration and this prediction is confirmed by the inconsistency of temperature and carbon dioxide concentrations in the geological record .
Moreover , when the backradiation " Greenhouse Effect " hypothesis of Arrhenius is put to a real , physical , material test , such as the Wood Experiment , there is no sign of it because the " Greenhouse Effect " simply does not exist .
This is why the " Greenhouse Effect " is excluded from modern physics textbooks and why Arrhenius ' theory of ice ages was so politely forgotten .
It is exclusively the " Greenhouse Effect " due to carbon dioxide produced by industry that is used to underpin the claim that humans are changing the climate and causing global warming .
However , without the " Greenhouse Effect " , how can anyone honestly describe global warming as " anthropogenic " ?
Bibliography
Angell , J. K. , 1997 , " Stratospheric warming due to Agung , El Chichón , and Pinatubo taking into account the quasi- biennial oscillation " , Journal of Geophysical Research , Vol. 102 , pp. 9479-9486 .
Angell , J. K. , & Korshover , J. , 1985 , " Surface Temperature Changes Following the Six Major Volcanic Episodes between 1780 and 1980 " , Journal of Climate and Applied Meteorology , Vol. 24 , pp. 937-951 .
Archer , D. , 2009 , The Long Thaw , ISBN13 : 978-0-9611-3654-7
Arrhenius S. , 1896 , " On the Influence of Carbonic Acid in the Air Upon the Temperature of the Ground " , The London , Edinburgh , and Dublin Philosophical Magazine and Journal of Science , Series 5 , Vol. 41 , pp. 237-279 .
Arrhenius , S. , 1906a , " Die vermutliche Ursache der Klimaschwankungen "
[ The possible cause for climate variability ] , Meddelanden fran K.Vetenskapsakademiens Nobelinstitut Band 1 , No. 2 .
Arrhenius , S. , 1906 b , Världarnas utveckling ( Worlds in the Making : The Evolution of the Universe ) , H. Borns [ Translation in English Published 1908 ] , Harper & Brs , New York .
Bohr , N. , 1913 , " I . On the constitution of atoms and molecules " , The London , Edinburgh , and Dublin Philosophical Magazine and Journal of Science , Series 6 , Vol. 26 , pp. 1 - 25 .
Boltzmann , L. , 1884 , " Ableitung des Stefan 'schen Gesetzes , betreffend die Abhängigkeit der Wärmestrahlung von der Temperatur aus der electromagnetischen Lichttheorie " , Annalen der Physik und Chemie , Vol. 22 , pp. 291-294 .
Burgess , E. , 1837 , " General Remarks on the Temperature of the Terrestrial Globe and the Planetary Spaces ; by Baron Fourier . " , American Journal of Science , Vol 32 , pp. 1 - 20 .
Translation from the French , of Fourier , J. B. J. , 1824 , " Remarques Générales Sur Les Températures Du Globe Terrestre Et Des Espaces Planétaires . " , Annales de Chimie et de Physique , Vol. 27 , pp. 136–167 .
Burroughs , W. J. , 2007 , " Changing Weather " , in R. Whitaker [ Editor ] , Weather ( Revised and Updated ) :
The bestselling guide to understanding the weather , pp. 106-127 , ISBN13 : 978-1-7408-9579-8
Chillingar , G. V. , Sorokhin , O. G. , Khilyuk , L. , & Gorfunkel , M. V. , 2008 , " Greenhouse gases and greenhouse effect " , Environmental Geology , Vol. 58 , pp. 1207-1213 .
De Saussure , H - B. , 1779 , Voyages dans les Alpes , Précédés d'un Essai sur l'Histoire Naturalle des Environs de Geneve , Libraire du Roi .
Einstein , A. , 1905 , " Über einen die Erzeugung und Verwandlung des Lichtes betreffenden heuristischen Gesichtspunkt . " , Annalen der Physik , Vol. 17 , pp. 132–148 .
Ellsaesser , H. W. , 1989 , " Atmospheric carbon dioxide and the climate record " , annual PACLIM workshop , Conference 6 , Pacific Grove , CA , USA , pp. 13-28 .
Flannery , T. 2005 , The Weather Makers , ISBN13 : 978-1-9208-8584-7
Fleming , J. R. , 1999 , " Joseph Fourier , the ‘ greenhouse effect ’ , and the quest for a universal theory of terrestrial temperatures " , Endeavour , Vol. 23 , pp. 72-75 .
Fourier , J. B. J. , 1822 , Theorie Analytique de la Chaleur .
Firmin Didot ( reissued by Cambridge University Press , 2009 ; ISBN 978-1-108-00180-9 ) .
Fourier , J. B. J. , 1824 , " Remarques Générales Sur Les Températures Du Globe Terrestre Et Des Espaces Planétaires . " , Annales de Chimie et de Physique , Vol. 27 , pp. 136–167 .
Fourier , J. B. J. , 1827 , " MEMOIRE sur les temperatures du globe terrestre et des espaces planetaires " , Memoires de l'Acadeémie Royale des Sciences , Vol. 7 , pp. 569-604 , source : http://gallica.bnf.fr/ark:/12148/bpt6k32227.image.f808.tableDesMatieres.langEN.
Frankland E. , 1864 , " On the Physical Cause of the Glacial Epoch " , The London , Edinburgh , and Dublin Philosophical Magazine and Journal of Science , Series 4 , Vol. 27 , pp. 321-341 .
Fröhlich , C. & Brusa , R. W. , 1981 , " Solar radiation and its variation in time " , Solar Physics , Vol. 74 , pp. 209-215 .
Gerlich , G. , & Tscheuschner , R. D. , 2007 , " Falsification Of The Atmospheric CO2 Greenhouse Effects Within The Frame Of Physics " , arXiv:0707.1161v1 [ physics.ao-ph ] .
Gerlich , G. , & Tscheuschner , R. D. , 2009 , " Falsification Of The Atmospheric CO2 Greenhouse Effects Within The Frame Of Physics " , International Journal of Modern Physics , Vol. B23 , pp.275-364 , arXiv:0707.1161v4 [ physics.ao-ph ] , DOI : 10.1142/S021797920904984X
Guthrie , F. , 1860 , " Kirchhoff G.
On the relation between the radiating and the absorbing powers of different bodies for light and heat " , The London , Edinburgh , and Dublin Philosophical Magazine and Journal of Science , Series 4 , Vol. 20 , pp. 1 –21 .
Translation from Kirchhoff , G. U. , 1860 , " ber das Verhaltnis zwischen dem Emissionsvermogen und dem Absorptionsvermogen der K¨orper fur Warme und Licht " , Poggendorfs Annalen der Physik und Chemie , Vol. 109 , pp. 275–30 .
Kelland , P. A. , 1837 , Theory of Heat , Cambridge University Press , London .
Kiehl , J. T. & Trenberth , K. E. , 1997 , " Earth 's Annual Global Mean Energy Budget " , Bulletin of the American Meteorological Society , Vol. 78 , pp. 197-208 .
Kirchhoff , G. U. , 1859 " Ber den Zusammenhang zwischen Emission und Absorption von Licht und Warme " , Monatsberichte der Akademie der Wissenschaften zu Berlin , pp. 783–787 .
Kirchhoff , G. U. , 1860 , " Ber das Verhaltnis zwischen dem Emissionsvermogen und dem Absorptionsvermogen der K¨orper fur Warme und Licht " , Poggendorfs Annalen der Physik und Chemie , Vol. 109 , pp. 275–301 .
Lane , M. D. , & Christensen , P. R. , 1998 , " Thermal Infrared Emission Spectroscopy of Salt Minerals Predicted for Mars " , Icarus , Vol 135 , pp. 528-536 .
Leslie , J. , 1804 , An Experimental Enquiry into the Nature and Propagation of Heat , London .
Maxwell , J. C. , 1865 , " A dynamical theory of the electromagnetic field " , Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society of London , Vol. 155 , pp.459 –512 .
Maxwell , J. C. , 1873 , A Treatise on Electricity and Magnetism , Mcmillan & Co. , London .
Michelson , A. A. , & Morley , E. W. , 1887 , " The Relative Motion of the Earth and the Luminiferous Aether " American Journal of Science , Vol. 34 , p. 333
Nicolau , V. P. , & Maluf , F. P. , 2001 , " Determination of Radiative Properties of Commercial Glass " , PLEA 2001 - The 18th Conference on Passive and Low Energy Architecture , Florianopolis - Brazil , 7 - 9 November .
Planck , M. , 1901 , " On the Law of Distribution of Energy in the Normal Spectrum " , Annalen der Physik , Vol. 4 , pp. 553-560 .
Plimer , I. R. , 2001 , a short history of planet earth , 250 pp. , ISBN13 : 978-0-7333-1004-0
Plimer , I. R. , 2009 , Heaven and Earth : Global Warming , the Missing Science , 503 pp. , ISBN13 : 978-1-9214-2114-3
Pouillet , C. S. M. , 1838 , " Memoire sur la chaleur solaire , sur les pouvoirs rayonnants et absorbants de l'air atmospherique , et sur la temperature de l'espace " , Compte rendu des seances de l'Academie des Sciences , Vol. 7 , pp. 24-65 .
Press , F. , & Siever , R. , 1982 , Earth [ Third Edition ] , ISBN10 : 0-7167-1362-4
Stefan , J. , 1879 , " Über die Beziehung zwischen der Wärmestrahlung und der Temperatur " , Sitzungsberichte der mathematisch - naturwissenschaftlichen Classe der kaiserlichen Akademie der Wissenschaften , Vol. 79 , pp. 391-428 .
Stewart , B. 1858 , " An account of some experiments on radiant heat , involving an extension of Prevost ’s theory of exchanges " , Transactions of the Royal Society in Edinburgh , Vol. 22 , pp. 1 –20 .
Stewart , B. , 1860a , “ Radiative Powers of Bodies with regard to the Dark or Heat - producing Rays of the Spectrum . ”
The London , Edinburgh , and Dublin Philosophical Magazine and Journal of Science , Series 4 , Vol. 20 , pp. 169-173 .
Stewart , B. , 1860 b , “ On the Light radiated by heated Bodies ” , The London , Edinburgh , and Dublin Philosophical Magazine and Journal of Science , Series 4 , Vol. 20 , pp. 534-540 .
Taylor , R. , 1846 , " Memoir on the Solar Heat , on the Radiating and Absorbing Powers of the Atmospheric Air , and on the Temperature of Space .
By M. Pouillet , Member of the Royal Academy of Sciences of Paris , Professor of Natural Philosophy in the Faculty of Sciences , & Co. " , Scientific Memoirs , Vol 4 , pp. 44-90 .
Translation from the French , of Pouillet , C. S. M. , 1838 , " Memoire sur la chaleur solaire , sur les pouvoirs rayonnants et absorbants de l'air atmospherique , et sur la temperature de l'espace " , Compte rendu des seances de l'Academie des Sciences , Vol. 7 , pp. 24-65 .
Ter Haar , D. , 1967 , " On a Heuristic Viewpoint Concerning the Production and Transformation of Light ; A. Einstein . " , The Old Quantum Theory , Chapter 3 , pp. 91-107 .
Translation from the German , of Einstein , A. , 1905 , " Über einen die Erzeugung und Verwandlung des Lichtes betreffenden heuristischen Gesichtspunkt . " , Annalen der Physik , Vol. 17 , pp. 132–148 .
Thomson J. J. , 1896 , " XL .
On the passage of electricity through gases exposed to Röntgen rays " , The London , Edinburgh , and Dublin Philosophical Magazine and Journal of Science , Series 5 , Vol. 42 , pp. 392-407 .
Thomson J. J. , 1902 , " XXVIII .
On some of the consequences of the emission of negatively electrified corpuscles by hot bodies " , The London , Edinburgh , and Dublin Philosophical Magazine and Journal of Science , Series 6 , Vol. 4 , pp. 253-262 .
Thomson J. J. , 1903 , " LXXXIV .
The magnetic properties of systems of corpuscles describing circular orbits " , The London , Edinburgh , and Dublin Philosophical Magazine and Journal of Science , Series 6 , Vol. 6 , pp. 673-693 .
Thomson J. J. , 1904 , " XXIV .
On the structure of the atom : an investigation of the stability and periods of oscillation of a number of corpuscles arranged at equal intervals around the circumference of a circle ; with application of the results to the theory of atomic structure " , The London , Edinburgh , and Dublin Philosophical Magazine and Journal of Science , Series 6 , Vol. 7 , pp. 237-265 .
Tyndall J. , 1861 , " On the Absorption and Radiation of Heat by Gases and Vapours , and on the Physical Connexion of Radiation , Absorption , Conduction . - The Bakerian Lecture . " , The London , Edinburgh , and Dublin Philosophical Magazine and Journal of Science , Series 4 , Vol. 22 , pp. 169-194 , 273-285 .
Tyndall , J. , 1864 , Heat Considered as a Mode of Motion : Being a Course of Twelve Lectures Delivered at the Royal Institution of Great Britain in the Season of 1862 , New York .
Tyndall , J. , 1867 , Heat Considered as a Mode of Motion : From the Second London Edition Revised , with Additions Embracing the Author 's Latest Researches , New York .
Trenberth , K. E. , Fasullo , J. T. , & Kiehl , J. , 2009 , " Earth 's Global Energy Budget " , Bulletin of the American Meteorological Society , Vol. 90 , pp. 311-323 .
Vallier - Talbot , E. , 2007 , " Understanding the Weather " , in R. Whitaker [ Editor ] , Weather ( Revised and Updated ) :
The bestselling guide to understanding the weather , pp. 22-59 , ISBN13 : 978-1-7408-9579-8
Waterson , J. J. , 1843 , " Note on the Physical Constitution of Gaseous Fluids , and a Theory of Heat " , in Thoughts on the Mental Functions .
Waterson , J. J. 1846 , " On the physics of media that are composed of free and perfectly elastic molecules in a state of motion " [ Abstract Only ] , Royal Society of London Philosophical Transactions , Vol. 5 , pp. 604 .
Waterson , J. J. 1892 , " On the physics of media that are composed of free and perfectly elastic molecules in a state of motion " .
Royal Society of London Philosophical Transactions , Vol. 183A , pp. 5 –79 .
Weart , S. R. , 2003 , The Discovery of Global Warming , ISBN10:0-6740-1157-0
Whitaker , R. , 2007 , Understanding Climate Change : The Story of the Century , ISBN13:978-1-8770-6943 -7 .
Wishart , I. , 2009 , Air Con : The Seriously Inconvenient Truth about Global Warming , ISBN13 : 978-0-9582-4014-7
Wood , R. W. , 1909 , “ Note on the Theory of the Greenhouse ” , The London , Edinburgh and Dublin Philosophical Magazine and Journal of Science , Series 6 , Vol.17 , pp. 319-320 .
Comcast 's acquisition of NBC from GE is a done deal reports David Faber on CNBC .
All that needs to be done is paper work at this point .
The deal should be announced Thursday morning , says Faber .
Advertisement
This is hardly a surprise .
After yesterday 's news that GE would buy its NBC stake from Vivendi for $ 5.8 billion , the closing of the deal was basically a formality .
Advertisement
Now comes the next phase of hard work .
The deal is expected to take a year to fully close , as the government scrutinizes it .
- video encodings still in process -
ABC National RadioClimate science :
The leaked emails
The leaking of email correspondence has embarrassed some climate scientists from the Climate Research Unit at the University of East Anglia ( UK ) .
Aynsley Kellow considers the ramifications of the scandal .
Guest : Aynsley KellowProfessor and Head of the School of Government at the University of Tasmania .
Expert reviewer for the the United Nation 's IPPC ( Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ) Fourth Assessment Report : Climate Change and Key VulnerabilitiesPublicationsTitle : Science and Public Policy : The Virtuous Corruption of Virtual Environmental Science ' Author : Aynsley kellowPublisher : Edward ElgarURL : www.e-elgar-environment.com/bookentry_main.lasso?id=12839
Presenter : Michael Duffy
Two 10 - year - old boys were charged tonight with raping an eight - year - old girl .
The alleged sex attack relates to an incident in a park off College Way , Hayes , west London , in October .
Scotland Yard said the pair would appear before magistrates in Uxbridge tomorrow .
Police said it was fairly rare for someone so young to be accused of rape , but there have been similar cases in recent years .
In March , it was reported that an eight - year old boy became the youngest person to be questioned by police on suspicion of rape .
The boy was held after a girl aged under 10 claimed he had attacked her , but detectives who questioned him were powerless to arrest or charge the boy because of his age .
Children under the age of 10 are not considered to have reached an age where they can be held responsible for their crimes .
A Met police spokesman said the charges were made following advice from the Crown Prosecution Service .
In 2004 , 12 - year - old Kyle Abdo became Britain 's youngest - known rapist after he was convicted of attacking a nine - year - old girl .
Abdo , who was 11 at the time of the incident , attacked the girl during a game of hide - and - seek at his home .
In that case , the judge lifted naming restrictions .
In February last year , a boy who admitted raping a seven - year - old girl when he was 11 became one of the youngest children to be convicted of the offence in Britain .
The boy who could be named for legal reasons , carried out the attack during a drunken truth - or - dare game , a court was told .
The boy drank four cans of lager and two miniature bottles of vodka before the assault .
Came home from work today to discover a box in front of my door !
Tried to get a nice picture of the contents but my cat attacked it immediately :D
Packing list mentions a book , so perhaps there is a part two ?
MUSEUM HALLS
A. Temporary Exhibits and Nostalgic Displays
B. Chonological Hall
C. Bellas - Zeugma Hall
E. Exhibition Hall
F. Museum Garden
Gaziantep is one of the modern provinces of South - Eastern Anatolian Region and also one of the oldest of Hittite origin .
Being the center of pistachio nut cultivation in Turkey and with its extensive olive groves and vineyards , Gaziantep is one of the important and industrial centers of Turkey .
The old city known as Aintap is located 12 kilometers to the north of the present city , on the upper slopes of Nizip Hill .
The area was continuously inhabited starting from the Paleolithic age and witnessed the domination of such powers as the Assyrians , Persians , Romans , the Byzantines , Abbasid and the Seljuk Turks .
The times of ascend for the Ottoman Empire meant the same for the city .
There are many mosques , inns , baths and medresse built during this time .
Original builders of Gaziantep Fortress are not known .
The fortress was restored by the Byzantine in the 6th century .
The fortress was later saw restoration again in 1481 during the time of Kayitbay , the Egyptian Sultan , and in 1557 during the Ottoman Emperor Suleyman the Magnificent .
The fortress was supplemented by watchtowers , mosques and small palaces .
There are 36 watchtowers in walls which have a circular shape for 1,200 meters .
Mehmet Gazali Tomb , a mosque and a bath exist in the fortress .
It is believed there are galleries and paths leading to the river under the fortress .
The fortress was an important rampart in resistance against the French during the War of Liberation in 1921 .
Hasan Suzer Ethnography Museum building in Hanifioglu street remaining from the early 20th century was restored and transferred to the Ministry of Culture by a businessmen named Hasan Suzer .
The museum simulates the old style of life by decorating its rooms with traditional furniture and by using models .
The museum also includes various weapons , documents , instruments used in the defense of the city as well as the photographs of local resistance heroes .
Yesemek Open Air Museum is near Islahiye District , in the village known by the same name .
It is the largest open air sculpture workshop in the Near East .
It is a sculpturing school , reflecting all stages from the extraction of stones from the quarry to preliminary carving and to the final work .
Investigations in the area reveal that the site was functional around 1375 - 1335 BC when the area was taken by the Hittites and the Hittite King Suppilulluma started to employ Hurris , the native people of the area in quarries .
Excavations unearthed a rich collection consisting of sphinx and sculptures of lions , mountain gods and various architectural pieces .
In the past , relieves prepared here were sent to such centers as Islahiye , Zincirli and Sakcagozu for final works and completion .
The Yesemek Tumulus is located 2 kilometers to the west of the village .
It is believed that it was a settlement inhabited by masters working here during the late Bronze Age and the time of the Romans .
Rumkale settlement is located at the point where Merziman brook joins the Euphrates ( Firat ) river .
It is estimated that the settlement dates back to 840 BC and was built by the Hittites .
Rumkale later lived under the domination of the Assyrians , Meds , Persians , Romans and the Arabs .
It is said that St. John , one of the 12 apostles of Jesus , tried to spread Christianity in the region by using this settlement as a base .
Rumkale is the largest of all fortresses in the area and it has many other remains dating back to various periods in history .
Karkamis district of Gaziantep used to be an important center of the east in the Antiquity ( then known as Cerablus ) .
The town is located on the Syrian border , the citadel and the inner town on the west side remaining in Turkey , and the outer fortress and town remaining in Syria .
Being an important centre of arts and culture in the past , Karkamis is the setting where the Legend of Gilgamesh took place .
Many valuable pieces of art originating from this town is exhibited in museums around the world .
At present , one can observe the remains of antic city walls , the temple and Hilani style houses .
The temples of Hittite gods Tesup and Hilani maintain their striking features .
The remains of the old city of Belkis ( Zeugma ) are located in Kavunlu village 10 kilometers away from Nizip district .
These remains appear as a tumulus type high acropolis dating back to the Hellenistic , Roman and Byzantine times .
The old city is among those which issued coin on their name .
Recent excavations revealed a room which is believed to be a part of an old Roman House as well as a mosaic belonging to Dionysos .
Sculptures obtained from these ruins were exhibited at the Belkis / Zeugma part of Gaziantep Museum .
But on June 2005 , 2nd largest mosaic museum in the world ( 1st is the one in Bardo / Tunis ) is opened in Gaziantep displaying 35 pieces of unearthed mosaics and Mars statue from Zeugma .
Until this one opened , the mosaics museum in Hatay ( Antioch ) was the most important one in Turkey .
Dulluk which is close to the city center is ideal for those who would like to rest in a natural setting amidst forest and has camping facilities .
Houses of Gaziantep mostly found in the central town and Sahinbey are the finest specimens of a rich cultural heritage .
They have traditional architectural features peculiar to Southeastern Anatolia , Mesopotamia and Syria .
The finest examples of the old city fabric can be seen in the area around Hidir and Harap Mescit streets .
Built in conformity with the climate of the area , the houses of Gaziantep are adjacent to each other along the narrow streets of the old city .
These stone built houses surrounded by walls have their inner yards , smooth roofs with dead basements .
Doors and window cases present some fine examples of woodwork .
Gaziantep is famous for its three regional specialties :
1 ) The copper - ware products .
2 ) The delicious lahmacun ( a kind of pizza in Turkish Cuisine ) .
3 ) Sweet pastry baklava , which Gaziantep makes the best in the world .
The Gaziantep kitchen has a special influence on the Turkish cuisine with its immensely rich flavor .
In addition to dishes which date back to the Oguz Turks , there is the influence of Aleppo .
Its rich kind of soups , rice meals , kebabs , meatballs , etc. are among the most favorite .
Local desserts include baklava , kunefe , burmali kadayif , sari burma , mashed pistachio and milk fat .
Inns are the symbols of the past economic and commercial richness of Gaziantep .
They are still functional today as trade centers .
These include Sira Hani , Kumrulu Han , Yeni Han , Kurkcu Hani , Anadolu Hani , Incioglu Hani , Tuz Hani and Haci Omer Hani .
There are two bazaars which could survive to our day and are still used .
One of them , Zincirli Bazaar , was built in the 18th century .
The bazaar is locally known as " black steps bazaar " and has 80 shops and five gates .
The other bazaar , Kemikli , dates back to the 19th century .
It is a cut stone and rectangular structure with two gates .
Gaziantep bore the influence of many civilizations for its location as a crossroad between the east and the west or between the Eastern Mediterranean and the plains of Mesopotamia .
Coppersmith works , mother of pearl working , traditional shoe making , cloth making , stone working , antique weapons , gold and silver works are the leading traditional handicrafts in Gaziantep .
Gaziantep has a territory of 7,642 square kilometers and a population of 1,127,686 ( 1997 ) .
It is the leading province of the GAP region in terms of population density .
It has 9 administrative districts : Sahinbey , Sehitkamil , Araban , Islahiye , Kargamis , Nizip , Oguzeli , Yavuzeli and Nurdagi .
Gaziantep is the most developed city of GAP in agriculture , industry and commerce .
It has its pistachio known by the name of the city .
Vineyards and olive orchards are also important .
Manufacturing activities in Gaziantep are mainly carried out by small scale enterprises .
As a vivacious industrial and commercial center , Gaziantep has cement , textile , leather , shoemaking , soap , woodworks , metal and machinery industries and workshops .
It maintains its status as an " export gate " by its 120 different products exported to 40 countries .
The Gazianten district from an historical geographic point of view has a North Syria - Anatolian ( Asia Minor ) culture somewhere between east - west , situated on military and trade routes as well as being a crossroads , in today 's Turkish Geopolitical make - up is still an important factor .
For this reason , almost all cultures from the historic ages have influenced the Gaziantep district which has more than 250 mounds , which were first formed in the Neolitic age by the collective gathering of items from settlements reflecting culture and architectural advancement levels with each level belonging to a town , village or settiement .
The oldest Anatolian findings attributed to man were some stone tools found in the DQllik Paleolitic cave , dated 600 thousand years ago , in the mid-Paleolitic age cultural life , especially from the Bronze age , Gaziantep and its environs shows signs of being a bustling settlement .
This region was active in the Hum , Hitite Empire , Late Hitites , Assyrian , Persian , Hellenistic and Roman periods .
Along with the Byzantians and Islamic periods , the Crusades of the Middle Ages brought new geopolitical forces and made Gaeiantep the scene for many historic events .
The Gaziantep Museum has had more than 35 working sites for joint efforts and rescue digs , as well as scientific digs with all artifacts now located in the museum .
In 1998 the Director of Museums sponsored 11 archeological digs usually with the assistance of the Gaziantep Museum and a total of 64 thousand artifacts were discovered .
The Gaziantep Director of Museum is responsible for the Archeological Museum , Etnographical Museum and the lslahiye Yesernek Open Air Museum .
The Director of Museums is also responsible for 693 vimmovable ( parmanent ) culture location and 221 archeological site areas .
In 1944 Sabahat Göğuş gathered artifacts from here and there to establish the uaziantep Museum .
First housed in the Nuri Mehmet Pasha Mosque , they were brought to this building in 1969 .
In a short time the museum needed to be enlarged due to the richness of the archeological potential of this location .
1976 saw the start of an additional ha !!
and after standig half - completed for a lono time .
it was finished and increased the museum space greatly .
The buiiding today has 5 exhibition halls that remain humble beside the exhibits presented from f all the afore - mentioned sites .
The Gaziantep Museum while trying to break I out of image as an historical depot and awake visitor sympathy tried to target new exhibitions .
The long narrow hall at the entrance is usually used for temporary or periodic exhibits that change regularly .
To attract those individuals who like pictures and chacterizations , a characterization exhibit , entitled ' Archeology ' was held .
In this hall , Anatolian and Gaziantep 's antique settlement locations and excavation centers are displayed on large panel maps for knowledge and there is also a chronology of Gaziantep 's district .
The first is of the natural history , especially the DillUk and Euphrates paleolittc stone tools , the techniques for their usage , didactic materials continue the display .
Various CalcolMc and Bronze
Age stages are displayed .
The Iron Age and its shining example of civilizalion , the Urarians , are the last display .
The second section contains , Acamedian - Persian , Hellenistic and Koffimagene with special Roman age artifacts placed in the display .
The next section displays the decorated cups and various oil lamps of the Byzanliunti and Islamic periods bring this exhibit to a close .
Also located in this hall is the Belkis - Zeugma Excavation ' Findings and Childhoods Toys of the Ages ' display .
There are also the bones of a mammoth and a stuffed crocodile on display .
Another long narrow hall displays the findings of the Belkis excavations on - hand and especially the carved gravestones and reliefs along with mosaic panels .
( The 4th century A.D. graverooms with corridors and terraces with statues reliefs of the deceased are a special feature of the Zeugma necropolis . )
Also displayed here was iliegally removed from our country in the ' 1960 's by the United States of America .
Recently arranged according to modem museum standards , one side displays artifacts from all ages of bronze , there are the superstitous smail statuettes of people and animals , cult artifacts , figures , stamps and cylindrical signets , decorated needles , bracelets and tork 's with fibula's , ring stones and classic - age hair signet presses with gold and silver ornamentattons .
The other side holds the coins according to their pressage ( minting ) and period with notes about each period and special coins on the panels .
The displays on the side contain gold , silver , and bronze coins from Greek , Hellenistic , Roman , and Byzantium periods beside Ottoman ornaments for the visitor to admire .
In the corridor joining this hall with the BeltasZeugma Hall , on two antique wooden buffets is a collection of " Old Gaziantep Children 's Toys " restored and donated to our museum by Mrs. Akten Koyluoglu .
This hall , again a first for our country 's museums , displays a 60 panel panorama of " The founding of a Roman Period City ' with a drawing exhibition area .
• Turkish Architectural Works ' and ' Archeologic Cultural Wealth ' with ' Plundered Anatolia ' were large photographic panels originalli / sponsored by the Cultural Ministry and sent for display in many foreign countries , we have on display their reduced size copies .
The Museum Director 's 1997 - 98 excavations in the dam area of an Old Bronze Age Necropolis uncovered 312 gravesites and many remains and artifacts were taken More than 34 thousand signet presses which were uncovered at the Belkis - Zeugma excavations , now a panels display documents and information on local treasures illegally taken out of the country and current .
In the front garden are funeral banguet reliefs and markers of the Hitite and Late Hitite periods .
The - side garden is mostly occupied by finds from the Roman period at Belkis - Zeugma with men represented as eagles and women by wool basket motifs on the grave displayed in the garden .
New large rock and stone artifacts and mosaic panels will be displayed in the new building upon completion due to lack of current space .
New Petitions Against
Tax is a subheadline that appears in prop newspapers in many old films , often accompanied by " Building Code Under Fire , " and at least twice by " Increase in Commuter Fares Denied . "
These headlines serve as unremarkable filler , so as not to attract attention away from the screaming , plot - related main headline .
Still , the same phrases appearing again and again in different movies lend them a kind of mystique .
They 've appeared in many Mystery Science Theater 3000 episodes , and are occasionally referenced by Joel , Mike , Tom and Crow .
It first appears in the first Commando Cody short .
New Petitions Against Tax
New Petitions Against Tax ( non-MST3K )
Building Code Under Fire
" Building Code Under Fire " often appears with " New Petitions Against Tax " , but it 's also made some solo appearances .
No , these photographs were n't taken by an astrophysicist or whipped up in a special - effects lab .
Photographer Larry Alvarez takes these pictures of the sun in his backyard using a camera , a telescope , and some homemade gear .
With some tips from Alvarez , you can build your own solar telescope camera , too .
Advertisement
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
To get good images of the sun , you have to " take the law into your own hands , " Alvarez writes .
His site includes instructions on how to build a build a white light filter system out of cardboard and filter material , or a slightly fancier version made of plywood , glue and velcro .
He also teaches how to convert your Coronado 60 mm , 70 mm or 90 mm MaxScope telescope into a focuser for solar images .
I love his workbench with the Rubik 's cube next to his hacked telescope and camera equipment .
Flower Mound Observatory [ Photographer 's Website ]
By Jonathan Amos
Science correspondent , BBC News
A channel connects two depressions in this MRO image
New images of Mars suggest the Red Planet had large lakes on its surface as recently as three billion years ago .
The evidence comes from Nasa 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter ( MRO ) which spied a series of depressions linked by what look like drainage channels .
Scientists tell the journal Geology that the features bear the hallmarks of being produced by liquid water .
But they appear to have formed much later in Mars ' history than many thought possible , the researchers add .
The team , from Imperial and University Colleges London , studied pictures of several flat - floored depressions located above Ares Vallis , a giant gorge running some 2,000 km across Mars ' equator .
The hollows are about 20 km in diameter .
Scientists had previously ascribed their formation to the slumping of the ground as ice in the soil was lost to Mars ' thin atmosphere almost four billion years ago in the process of sublimation ( in which the ice turns directly from a solid into a vapour ) .
But the detail in the MRO pictures has allowed the Imperial - UCL team to trace a series of channels that connect the depressions .
The group says these channels could only be formed by running water , and not by ice turning directly into gas .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The scientists ' ageing of the region , which on bodies like Mars is done by counting craters , suggests the features formed during the so - called Hesperian Epoch on the Red Planet .
" The exciting thing is that this occurred at a time when Mars is thought to have been cold and dry and [ liquid ] water was n't stable at the surface , " Dr Sanjeev Gupta from Imperial College London told BBC News .
The researchers propose that Mars may have experienced bouts of short - lived warming during this epoch that were caused perhaps by volcanic activity , meteorite impacts , or even shifts in the planet 's orbit .
This could have provided both the warmth to melt ice in the soil and the pressure needed in the atmosphere to maintain liquid water on the surface .
" We do n't really understand what caused this transient episode , " Dr Gupta explained .
" We have different hypotheses .
Maybe local conditions generated an atmosphere creating a minor greenhouse effect that allowed these lakes to exist .
We do n't know how long they existed for , but it 's exciting nonetheless that we see [ evidence of ] liquid water . "
The conditions would have made it possible for the depressions to fill with meltwater and even overflow , cutting channels as the liquid ran from a higher basin to a lower one .
" This provides another environment - another place to go and look for microbial life , " said Dr Gupta .
" This would be fossil life .
This is somewhere we had n't perhaps considered as a place to go . "
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Bishop Eamonn
Walsh issued a statement read out at midnight Mass
Two more Irish Catholic bishops have resigned in response to a report which criticised how they handled allegations of abuse by clergy .
Eamonn Walsh and Raymond Field issued a joint statement which was read out at midnight Mass on Christmas Day .
The pair , who were both auxiliary bishops of Dublin , said they hoped their resignations would help bring peace to the victims of sexual abuse .
Four out of five bishops named in the Murphy report have now resigned .
Bishop of Limerick Donal Murray resigned earlier this month after the report branded as " inexcusable " his failure to deal effectively with a priest suspected of being a paedophile .
On Wednesday it was revealed that James Moriarty , the Bishop of Kildare , has offered his resignation to Pope Benedict .
It is expected to be formally accepted in mid-January .
Martin Drennan , the Bishop of Galway , is now the only one of five bishops named in the Murphy report to remain in office .
After the report was published Bishop Drennan said he was comfortable with the findings as it " says nothing negative about me " .
Ferrari have unveiled a racing simulator at their Maranello headquarters that took two years to build and which is said to be the most advanced of its kind in the world .
The system is housed on two floors and includes a control room - the simulator itself sitting on a platform weighing two tonnes and fitted with electronically - controlled actuators that weigh around half a tonne each .
There are 10 multiprocessor calculators with a total memory of over 60 GB , a Dolby surround 7.1 sound system with an output of 3500w , all requiring over 10 kilometres of cabling .
The driver sits in front of five displays , offering a total viewing angle in excess of 180 degrees .
Such simulators have gained importance in recent seasons - all the more so since the introduction of testing restrictions in the sport ahead of last season .
Team principal Stefano Domenicali , who was present at the unveiling , said : " It 's an important day for us .
" The completion of this project means we will now be able to tackle with confidence some of the challenges that make up modern - day Formula One , while putting Ferrari at the cutting edge in terms of this technology .
" Furthermore , I am pleased such a complex project as this , which got underway around two years ago , has been completed on schedule thanks to the efforts of all those who worked on it . "
Posterous has long supported group blogging functionality , which is 100 percent manageable via a clever and simple method : e-mail .
Perhaps the one downside to Posterous group blogs has been that the original group creator 's bio and information appears front and center on the group page .
Today the super - simple blogging platform is remedying that and introducing the Group Profile .
By enabling the Group Profile feature , you can now display group - specific — in lieu of person - specific — information on your Posterous site and even automatically update a distinct group Facebook Page and / or Twitter account .
The addition of this feature shows the maturity of the blogging platform and highlights the company 's ambition to serve more than just personal accounts ; now it caters to businesses , teams and professional users as well .
To configure your Group Profile , you 'll want to first select the appropriate blog from the left - hand sidebar in your Posterous settings dashboard .
Then click on the Group Profile tab and select the button to enable the Group Profile .
Now you can enter a name for your group , add a group photo , pen a group bio and input group social media account information for autoposting everywhere .
With the latter feature , any of your individual contributions to the group will be distributed via your Twitter and Facebook accounts as well as the group 's accounts .
With every new update , Posterous seems to add value without complicating the core simplicity that appeals to most users .
Posterous ' Group Profile functionality is yet another indicator of progress in the evolution of the platform , and we think that business users will be more than pleased with the new feature set , especially now that they can also apply their own branding .
A Reputation Built On Results
We are proud that most of our clients come to us as the result of word - of - mouth recommendations .
Additionally , Marc Mezibov has been selected for inclusion in Best Lawyers in America and Cincy magazine 's Leading Lawyers .
All of our attorneys have been selected for inclusion in Ohio Super Lawyers , a distinction given to no more than 5 percent of the state 's lawyers every year .
While we appreciate these accolades , none of them are as important to us as the satisfaction a client feels when we represent him or her effectively .
Our firm has obtained compensation for clients in cases against state and federal government entities , public universities , banks , religious institutions , small to midsized companies and large corporations .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Dem Rep : Treat Felonious Corporations At Least as Harshly as ACORN ( Which Committed No Felonies ) "
( 9 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 10/2/2009 @ 3:57 pm PT ...
The dKos piece is excellent .
Deconstruction 101 .
I will give it the anti-brainwashing award !
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 10/2/2009 @ 5:28 pm PT ...
There 's ONE reason the congress acted SWIFTLY ( unlike health care ) to defund ACORN : it 's the proof of the power of how rightwingers and the GOP / conservatives have taken over the media .
What have I been saying like a broken record over and over ?
There can be only ONE reason for a group in the extreme minority to somehow get whatever they want : they control the media .
There 's no liberal media .
Think about it .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 10/2/2009 @ 6:17 pm PT ...
Floor Statement by Sen. Bernie Sanders on Federal Contracting Fraud http://sanders.senate.go...1-4add-b79e-ffd2624ddcd2
http://sanders.senate.go...5-4161-b5bc-0578357616e3
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 10/2/2009 @ 10:12 pm PT ...
Felonious corporations like APF ( or Xe / Blackwater front group ) in Montana ?
Oh that 's right ..
We can't tell if they 're real cops yet , WHY IS THAT ?
I swear to god , how come DHS ( or FBI ) can't either legitimize or have these APF rounded up in less than 24 hours ?
In my opinion ,
" DHS breaks all manner of laws , the US Constitution against citizens and voters , but when it comes to real fucking domestic terrorists , DHS is not ready for prime time and in fact does n't take any action , beyond denying the public from knowing what their activities are . "
I guess DHS 's oath's do n't really stand for the protection of the United States , or the constitution , and I will pile on here with opinion saying , " DHS never did stand for protecting our country , and one can only assume they were created to manage America as a giant prison . "
And if not the DHS , then how come the FBI can't straighten this out in 24 hours or less ?
Like it or not , at the same time the military should not be on the streets , and neither should local law enforcement be a corporation ( which by definition must seek to make a profit , eventually that conflicts with taking an oath . )
Man this country is fucking broken .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 10/2/2009 @ 10:28 pm PT ...
You know the funny thing is I sort of ignored this whole APF thing for a couple days .
I thought oh it 's just another Alex Jones thing going hyper ...
Two days later and now this thing is all over the place .
And it should be all over the place .
While everyone is all worried about David Letterman 's blackmailer , and earthquakes , all we get is the same fucking " Paid / For Profit Journalist shit " Real news = ( things like ) Electronic Vote Tabulation Devices
Banksters
Sibel Edmonds testimony / investigations
Blackwater /Xe/ APF
Bad -Shit ( tm ) in the FLU SHOTS
H1N1 in the FLU SHOTS The United States is not mathematically going to last 10 more years of this monetary , oath breaking , and war agenda .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/2/2009 @ 11:32 pm PT ...
If you look at Betty 's ( 4th ) and Keith Ellisons ( 5th ) Districts , they are surrounded on three sides by none other than Michelle Bachmann .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Jon in Iowa said on 10/4/2009 @ 10:23 am PT ...
I 've noticed a dearth of pro-Acorn t- shirts on the internets ; just a bunch of shirts repeating the lies and slanders .
I 'd hop on the problem myself , if I could draw anything whatsoever , but . . . well , there 's a two - dollar idea for anyone who wants to run with it .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/4/2009 @ 1:04 pm PT ...
Jon ,
Just buy one of the ones with the false accusations on it , then take a black magic marker and cross out that stuff and write " Bullshit " over it
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... balsaboy said on 10/11/2009 @ 9:05 am PT ...
Pioneering string theory ( Image : Keith Heppell / Cambridge News )
The physicist follows Isaac Newton and Stephen Hawking into the Lucasian chair of mathematics at the University of Cambridge .
Congratulations .
How did it feel when you heard the news ?
I was very pleasantly surprised – but also overawed .
This is a position that has had some extraordinary incumbents .
It is loaded with a history that means I have an awful lot to live up to .
What plans do you have for the role ?
For a long time I ’ve been involved in the interface of elementary particle physics and general relativity , string theory in …
Koppenhágában sem jó rendszerellenes tüntet őnek lenni , gumibottal verték a másfél ezres tömeget a klímacsúcson .
Stáb Kodiak
Kálmán Mátyás
Another public service by tireless Canadian copyfighter Michael Geist …
It seems that the Society of Composers , Authors & Music Publishers of Canada ( or SOCAN ) tried to make their public submission for last summer ’s Copyright Consultation anything but .
While our country ’s government rightly denied SOCAN ’s request to not publish their document online , in order to see it you must request it by email on the CopyCon site .
Just in case you were worried that someone might be building a secret list of citizens who do n’t blindly worship the music industry or something , you can read the document right here without turning over any of your personal information .
You ’re welcome ! 😎
Posted via email from Andrew Currie on Posterous
Nepal is in the midst of the intense struggle over the direction of society — as the April 10 constituent elections are held .
The Maoists ( of the Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) are contending and seeking to dominate these elections .
Kasama received the following talk from the World People ’s Resistance Movement ( WPRM ) of Britain .
Comrade Gaurav ( C.P. Gajurel ) is in charge of the International Bureau of the Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) - CPN ( M ) .
This speech was given at Goldsmiths College , , University of London , on Nov. 11 , 2007 .
Gaurav started by thank the WPRM and Prof. John Hutnyk for organizing the program .
The subheads are ours .
Events are moving in unpredictable ways in Nepal , as the April 10 election for the Constituent Assembly approaches .
We urge you to circulate the link to Kasama ’s Nepal resources widely on by email and online discussion .
* * * * *
By Comrade Gaurav
So I should start to explain the particular situation in Nepal right at this moment , then most probably we will discuss other aspects .
If you comrades have some queries about our movement , our revolution , you can raise questions that we will then discuss .
In Nepal we waged war and we developed the People ’s War in Nepal that was started in 1996 and developed to 2006 .
The People ’s War developed from strategic defensive to the stage of strategic offensive .
When we started the People ’s War in 1996 , we did n’t have arms , we did n’t have weapons .
We started war without an army and without weapons .
It seems very surprising , war without an army and without weapons , but actually this is what we did .
Now everybody knows , because our People ’s Liberation Army has been confined to seven cantonments and fourteen satellite camps , and altogether the United Nations has registered that the strength of the People ’s Liberation Army is 31,000 strong .
But when we started the war we did n’t have any army .
And when we started the war , we ourselves were playing the role of the army .
Nobody was trained militarily , we were trained ideologically and politically .
Starting War with the Old Timer
You would be surprised to know , at the start we had only one .303 rifle , which was so old that actually it was not able to fire .
It was very old , but we kept it very safe because it provided training for our comrades .
Sometimes our comrades joked about this , and they named the rifle as the “ old timer ” rifle .
We had only one , the old one , and we took the rifle from the eastern part of Nepal to the western part of Nepal .
For 24 hours each day it was moving !
Now we have some sophisticated weapons that have also been locked in the cantonments and we have an almost 400,000 strong militia , which is working under the name of YCL : the Young Communist League .
You may frequently read in the newspaper how the reactionaries are frightened to hear the name of the YCL , because it is the agency which is arresting corrupt people , which is exposing the scandals and punishing them .
Because now in some parts of Nepal there is anarchy and extreme impunity , and it is the YCL which is protecting the rights of the people and safeguarding them .
So it is a name of terror for reactionaries , but it is actually the friend of the Nepali masses .
When we started the People ’s War , out of 75 districts in Nepal we had strong organisation in almost 20 , we had some connections around 40 districts , and the organisation was not strong in the other districts , and with that we started the People ’s War .
Now we have strong organisation everywhere in Nepal , in all 75 districts , and during the 10 years of People ’s War we liberated 80 % of the population and we were running parallel governments .
Actually , we were in effect nearly governing the whole country .
The enemy was confined only to the big cities , including the capital and district headquarters , while we were governing the rest of the country .
Peoples War from Strategic Defensive
So this was the situation and the People ’s War developed according to the theory of comrade Mao Zedong .
The People ’s War started from strategic defensive , without arms and without an army and it developed to the higher state , from strategic equilibrium to strategic offensive .
In the course of 10 years of People ’s War we have developed a very strong People ’s Liberation Army .
Because we are in the concluding stage of strategic offensive , the task of the revolution is to seize central political power , a countrywide seizure of power .
Hence , we had to capture Kathmandu , which is the capital of Nepal .
We had to capture the capital and the major towns as well as some district headquarters .
Our People ’s Liberation Army is right at the gate of Kathmandu valley .
If you have ever gone to Kathmandu , there is one place called Tangot , it is the main gate to enter Kathmandu .
Here there was a big police station , in which we annihilated almost two dozen armed forces without any loss from our side , and so we captured Tangot .
Right after that we entered into the process of this negotiation .
Many revolutionaries , many Maoists and our comrades have raised one question .
You reached the gate of Kathmandu , why was it necessary to enter into the peace process ?
That is a big question .
War to the Gates — Why Then Change Tactics ?
True , we had liberated 80 % of the countryside and we had reached up to the gate of Kathmandu .
But in order to seize countrywide power , for countrywide victory , our strength was not enough .
The Royal Nepalese Army ( RNA ) was confined to their barracks , they could seldom come out .
Whenever they were carrying out actions against our forces , they could just suddenly come out of their barracks , go 4 - 5 kilometres away from the barracks and encircle a village , and kill each and every person they found before returning .
The next day they would propagate that they had killed a number of Maoists from the People ’s Liberation Army .
Actually , they were not able to kill our force .
They killed the common people .
That was their practice for almost one year , since one year back .
On the one hand , the RNA could not actually inflict any defeat on our People ’s Liberation Army .
On the other hand , we were not able to capture their big barracks .
They were well fortified , especially with the help of US military experts .
They used land mines to surround the barracks , and they used barbed wire .
We tried many times but we failed to capture their barracks .
That was the situation militarily .
We were in a stagnant position militarily .
We were trying to make a breakthrough but were not able to capture the barracks , because they were well fortified , and they had lots of modern weapons supplied by India and also helicopters .
We were unable to achieve further military victory .
That was the military situation and so far as the political situation is concerned we enjoyed the support of the urban people , but it was not to the level that was required for general insurrection .
The support was there , but finally to capture the city and the capital it was necessary to carry out insurrection , revolt .
The support provided by the masses was not at a sufficient level in the cities including Kathmandu , because the masses were divided .
Some supported Nepali Congress , other people supported other parties and the level of support of the masses was not enough that was required to achieve the final victory .
So this was the political situation .
A Plan for Broadening Political Support
So in the midst of this situation we decided that in order to get further support from the masses our party should take some other initiatives to gather further strength .
Otherwise the war would remain in a stagnant situation .
Neither the enemy could defeat us , nor could we defeat the enemy .
That was the situation .
For how long could we continue this situation ?
War has its own dynamics , it cannot stay still for a long time , for example , if we cannot win victory , the enemy will eventually be able to defeat us .
We had to take a new initiative .
According to the dynamics of war you have to find a new way to maintain a dynamic situation , we should not be in a static situation in a war for long .
In those circumstances our party decided to take different steps , other political manoeuvres .
Our party worked out alternative political tactics of going to the negotiations .
Right from the beginning we explained People ’s War as a total war .
Sometimes there is a wrong notion among Maoists that People ’s War is simply the war in which we confront the opposite army , the confrontation between two armies , but this is not true .
People ’s War is different .
People ’s
War is a total war .
We are confronting the enemy on all fronts , including the military front as well as the political front , economic front and also cultural front .
On different fronts we have to fight the war , so it is a total war .
During the time of the People ’s War itself , and even before that also , we entered into negotiations with the government in 2001 and 2003 .
But both times they ignored our demands .
Again we returned to the war .
But in 2005 the situation was quite different , the political situation was also different , which had been created by 10 long years of People ’s War .
For example the political situation was that 7 other political parties , parliamentary parties , were working together and in cooperation with the King to smash the People ’s War .
They were participating in the parliament , they were part of the government , they formed the government and were in cooperation with the King .
They were very much united to fight against us , and it was necessary for us to use political manoeuvring to split the enemy camp .
It was necessary , because they were united .
Forming an Anti-Monarchy Alliance
We took the initiative and we called the political parties to unite with us to make some sort of alliance to overthrow the monarchy .
But they did n’t accept it .
When we proposed this to them in 2001 and 2003 they did n’t accept it .
But something new happened in Nepal .
King Gyanendra , who was autocratic , staged a coup d’etat and arrested most of the political leaders who were actually working with him .
He arrested most of them and put them behind bars and their political parties were banned .
They could not carry out any political activities , so there was a big challenge to those political parties .
There was a question of existence for those political parties .
So this is one aspect , and for that we thank King Gyanendra , for we stretched our hands to those political parties to make an alliance with us , and the situation compelled them to come to join hands with our party .
This was political compulsion , which had been created by the People ’s War itself .
And it was a good opportunity for us to make an alliance with the 7 parties .
We made the 12 point agreement , as it is popularly known , and in that alliance we concretely put forward the demand that we should make an alliance to fight against the autocratic monarchy .
In our 12 point agreement it was not clearly mentioned that we were fighting for the republic , but later , in the 8 point agreement , this was clearly mentioned , that we are fighting for a republic .
It was the common point of agreement to fight against the monarchy for the republic .
According to this an interim constitution was supposed to be enacted , an interim government was supposed to be formed and election of constituent assembly was to be held .
So far as the other international players are concerned , US imperialism was dead against this negotiation , because the US had its own agenda .
US policy was to make an alliance between the 7 political parties and the King in order to smash the People ’s War and our Party .
But because of the situation on the ground , the parliamentary parties could not agree with the US policy .
The situation in Nepal was quite different .
They were compelled to make an alliance with our Party against the monarchy instead of following the US suggestion of making an alliance with the King to fight against the Maoist Party .
Secondly , when we were supposed to participate in the parliament , the US threatened that if Maoists were participating in the parliament the US government would cut all aid to Nepal .
But it was to happen , and they could not cut the aid , so they finally supported it .
Okay , they agreed that the Maoist party could join the parliament , but they still would not allow the Maoists to enter the government .
If that happened , not only would they cut the aid , but they would also insist their allies impose an economic embargo on Nepal .
But even when we participated in the government they could not do this .
So it was the failure of US policy , total failure of the US government and their policy regarding the negotiation .
The Role of India
So far as India is concerned , when the King staged the coup d’etat in Nepal , most of the leaders of the political parties were dependent on India , they were inside prison and their parties were banned , so India was angry with that .
The political parties could ask the Indian government not to supply arms to the King , his army , because they said that the weapons would be used against the Nepalese people .
There was big pressure on the Indian government , and finally the Indian Prime Minister suspended the supply of arms which was already in the pipeline .
They suspended the supply of arms temporarily , and the King reacted very sharply , he was n’t expecting that , since he was fighting against the Maoists he thought all the reactionaries of the world would automatically support him .
This was his idea but it did n’t happen , and the angry king went to China where he bought arms .
This aggravated the contradiction between the Indian government and the King , because according to India , the King was violating all the norms , without India ’s consent Nepal is not allowed to purchase arms from a third country .
So the contradiction between the Indian government and the King sharpened and we should also thank Gyanendra for this .
In this situation , the Indian government allowed a meeting between the 7 parties and our party to be held in India .
It was simply impossible to organise such a meeting in Nepal , because when we invited the 7 parties to our base areas they were very much afraid .
If they entered our base area to hold a meeting , when they returned , the RNA would kill them .
We were secure in our base areas , our leadership was staying in the base areas , we invited them to come for the meeting in the base areas but they could not go to our base areas .
They were searching for some other place like India .
India ’s position before was that they would not allow any activities in India for our party .
For example , right before that they arrested some leaders of our party and imprisoned them for a long time , including me .
You know this very well , because you carried out a very big campaign here for my release and for the safety of my life .
Also one of our senior leaders , Comrade Kiran was arrested , including us 150 cadres and leaders from Nepal were arrested .
Some were handed over to the Royal Nepalese Army and others were imprisoned for a long time in India .
Labeled “ Terrorist ” — Leading the People
They treated us as leaders of a terrorist group not as a political party , as a terrorist organisation .
This was the situation .
But after that the situation changed because an alliance was necessary between the 7 parties and our party .
India accepted to some extent that there should be a meeting between the other parties and the Maoist party .
There was an alliance , there was the 12 point agreement , and after that the 8 point agreement and a common program called a mass movement .
We called the Nepalese people to protest against the monarchy .
After this there was an unprecedented mass movement in Nepal .
As everybody knows , it was really unprecedented , this 19 day mass movement .
Over one million people in Kathmandu , which only has a population of almost two million people , went into the streets .
As you can imagine , if two thirds of the people of London went on to the streets , what would the picture be ?
The King used all his force against the mass movement .
Forget about firing rifles , they were even using tanks .
But people were lying down and they were issuing the challenge : “ just bring your tanks ” .
Why did the people feel so strong ?
Why had they no fear of tanks and the RNA ?
There is one very important factor behind that : because they knew very well that the People ’s Liberation Army was somewhere nearby .
It was quite near .
We have our own army , the People ’s Liberation Army .
If the RNA did something like killing people , then there would be revenge by the People ’s Liberation Army .
The people had so much confidence in the People ’s Liberation Army , so they were ready to make sacrifices .
If there had been no People ’s Liberation Army , that confidence and that militancy could not have come out in the masses automatically .
Otherwise , in every country this type of mass movement could occur .
Now people sometimes argue that the mass movement alone was decisive , that political change was brought about in Nepal by the mass movement , not because of the ten year People ’s War .
This is not correct .
This is a simplistic analysis .
If there had been no People ’s War , the new situation would not have arisen , the new alliance would not have been formed .
This alliance was formed with those political parties who used to treat us as the enemy .
You can see , those people of Nepali Congress , they declared our party as a terrorist organisation .
Our Party was branded as a terrorist organisation by different governments including the US .
They issued Interpol warrants against us in more than 120 countries .
They declared bounty over our heads , from 100,000 to 5,000,000 rupees , that if Maoists were captured , handed over dead or alive , they will provide that money .
In one press conference when the Home Minister was explaining all these things , that the government had taken the decision that if people capture Maoists and hand them over dead or alive , they will get this amount of money .
One journalist asked him whether the government will really pay the money or not , because people had serious doubts in their minds .
People used to say that even if they handed over Maoists , dead or alive , or if they hand over the heads of Maoists , the government would take the heads but not pay the money .
What will you do ?
What do you say to this ?
The Home Minister said no , this is not correct .
In the same bag that you bring us the heads of Maoists , we will take the head and fill the bag with money in return .
During that time our heads had a price on them .
The same people in the government then , we are making an alliance with them now .
This is a peculiar situation , but it happened under political compulsion .
They have not become our class friends , our class allies – they cannot , they are definitely our class enemies .
But because of this political situation we had to make an alliance with these types of forces .
India was also supplying arms to fight our party , but because of the political compulsion this was also suspended .
These were the political developments .
Joining a Reactionary Government , Is it Wrong ?
And now , as we sum up what we have done , I will explain something more .
For example , there is suspicion amongst some Maoist parties that it is wrong for our party to participate in the government .
How can Maoists participate in the government , a reactionary government ?
Have they given up their line , their ideology ?
We think this is not true .
It is true that in history we do n’t have this type of event , of any revolutionary communist participating with the reactionary force in the same government .
This is true , we have no such event in history .
For example , in Russia comrade Lenin put forward the proposal of provisional revolutionary government .
When the Tsar was overthrown , they would form a provisional revolutionary government .
This was the proposal put forward by the Bolshevik Party at that time .
In the end , the Tsar was really overthrown , but the Bolshevik Party did not participate in the government .
In China , Mao Zedong put forward a proposal , he wrote a book on the subject .
It was a proposal that he put forward in the congress of the party .
He proposed coalition government with the Chiang Kai - shek reactionaries .
Then there were the Chungking negotiations , and Mao participated for 34 days .
Even after 34 days that negotiation was still not concluded , he returned to the base areas and Zhou Enlai and other leaders continued the negotiations .
Mao put forward the proposal of coalition government , but this did not materialise in practice .
In Russia and China , their proposals were put forward but actually in practice did not materialise , but in Nepal we have participated in the government .
Later on we pulled out of the government because of different reasons that I will explain .
When we evaluate this , whether it was right to participate in the government , our evaluation is that it was correct because of two reasons .
It was clear for us that by participating in the government we would not be able to resolve the problems of Nepal .
We received five portfolios in the government , but the whole government and the whole bureaucratic machinery and everything remains in the hands of reactionaries .
Definitely , we will not be able to solve the problems of the people .
That we knew very well .
We are not so stupid to think that by taking these five portfolios we could resolve these problems .
But we joined the government for specific reasons .
One of the reasons is that it was necessary for us to develop international relations , because we were totally isolated .
As I explained , the government had declared us a terrorist organisation .
Interpol issued arrest warrants for most of the leaders of our party in more than 120 countries .
We had the support of the Revolutionary Internationalist Movement ( RIM ) and some Maoist parties , this is true , but from other international players we were totally isolated .
So it was necessary , because we think at present Maoist forces are not very strong internationally compared with the forces of reactionaries .
In terms of strength we are negligible , so depending on only RIM and Maoist forces the revolution cannot succeed .
Prerequisites for Maintaining Revolutionary Power
Secondly , we would not be able to sustain our revolution .
If we were able to capture power on a certain day , it would be very difficult to sustain it for a long time .
We are encircled by enemies , and the strength of the enemy is many times more than the strength of our Maoist forces .
So we feel that we should develop relations .
We should use the contradictions among different reactionary forces so that they will not be unified to attack our revolution .
We also want to increase support from outside .
The unity among the RIM forces is fundamental .
The unity among Maoist forces that are not in the RIM is also very important .
This is an ideological question .
Ideologically it is a vital question for us .
In spite of this we should look for support from different circles , which are not Maoist but are progressive forces , who do n’t want autocratic monarchy in Nepal , who maybe want bourgeois democracy , democratic rights , prosperity for Nepal .
Secondly we should strive to get the support of anti-imperialist forces , because imperialism is the main enemy of the people in the world today .
We should seek support from broad anti-imperialist forces , some democratic forces , social democratic forces who claim to be communist though clearly they are not , but at least they support the struggle against the monarchy .
It is also necessary to utilise the contradictions between different states .
For example , if we did n’t participate in the government and we were not in the parliament , I would not be able to travel to Europe .
It would be simply impossible because we were listed as a terrorist organisation , we could not travel abroad and contact the people to explain our position and get direct support from them .
This trip would have been impossible
Nepal is between two big powers , two huge powers , two giants , China and India .
Now the relationship between China and India is better than before .
There is no war between China and India .
In the past there was a war , but now there is not , they have a better relationship , they have trade relations .
But still there are differences , there are contradictions between them .
So being in the government we are able to use these contradictions .
Indian Intervention
For example , I will tell you something that happened quite recently in Nepal .
India was trying to intervene in the Terai .
India did n’t directly intervene militarily , but they were creating chaos in our plains , as well as into the rest of Nepal , by providing every help to their agents .
There was this type of intervention .
But just 3 or 4 months ago , the ambassador of China gave a statement and said that if there was intervention from outside in Nepal , it would not be tolerated by China .
They gave this statement , which is very significant .
India was defeated by China in the 1962 war , and when the Chinese challenge India they will be demoralised .
When they hear the name of the Chinese army they become frightened , they remember 1962 , when the Chinese army gave them a very big defeat .
Quite recently there was a delegation from China that came to visit Nepal including Professor Wang who is the architect of foreign policy of the Chinese government .
He leads academic institutions in China .
He came to Nepal and in an interview in Kathmandu he said that the US and India are intervening in Nepal in different ways .
There is a limit to everything , and if this limit is exceeded , China will not tolerate it .
That was a big challenge but all these things did n’t happen spontaneously .
We had different rounds of talks with the Chinese leadership and we are talking to the Chinese government and Party representatives about this question .
For example , I myself talked to these people and I said before the coming statement , if you support us , what support will you be providing ?
You are not saying anything about this .
First of all you will send your opinion to the Chinese government , which will take 2 months to reach Beijing , then you will discuss this and only make decisions after 4 more months .
Within 6 months what will happen in Nepal ?
Nobody knows .
So what is the use of your support ?
They said no , it will not be like that .
We will make decisions quickly .
We welcomed this statement .
Right at this point of time we are making the revolution in a situation when there is no socialist camp .
There is no socialist country to support the revolution .
We have to make revolution in this situation , which is quite difficult .
It was a similar situation in 1917 when the Bolshevik Party , under the leadership of Comrade Lenin , made revolution in Russia .
But then there were some positive factors .
For example , there was a very strong working class movement in Europe .
Now it seems to be dead .
But during that time it was very strong , especially in Germany .
This was a positive support to the Russian revolution .
Also , the government of Russia , the Tsarist government , was heavily engaged in the First World War .
The people of Russia , including the army , were tired of that war .
Actually , they were angry with the Tsar .
That was another factor , and Lenin put forward the slogan of “ peace , bread and land ” .
The people were very happy .
Lenin won support from sections of the army of the Tsar , and they deserted the army and joined them .
These were the positive political factors in the Russian revolution , but in Nepal we do n’t have this kind of support .
In Asia , there is definitely some struggle , some revolutionary movements , but they are not very strong .
Our country is not engaged in any war , and there is no world war .
So in this situation , it is more difficult to accomplish the revolution .
You can continue the revolution , you can start the revolution , but to accomplish the revolution is an uphill task .
If you are not able to utilise the contradictions among different reactionary forces , it is very difficult .
Now if we sum up the correctness and incorrectness of our political tactics , we think that it is basically correct .
What is the aim of political tactics ?
The aim of political tactics is to create a split in the enemy camp and unite the revolutionary forces .
We were successful in doing that , because we split the monarchy and political parties , who were fighting against us together .
We split them , and we took the political parties and we have almost smashed the monarchy .
Now in Nepal the monarchy is almost gone .
Officially it is not gone , but in reality it is almost gone .
Isolating Political Enemies and Rivals One by One
Now we are trying to isolate the Nepali Congress Party .
It is the turn of Nepali Congress to be isolated , because we have already isolated the King and nearly smashed the monarchy .
Now it is the turn of Nepali Congress , which is also a reactionary force .
They declared bounty on our heads .
They declared our party as a terrorist organisation .
Now comes its turn .
Now we are uniting with the Communist Party of Nepal United Marxist - Leninists ( UML ) , which was always advocating unity between Nepali Congress and their party , to fight against our party .
Now we are going to split them .
They are on the verge of a split , for example , quite recently we put forward two proposals in the parliament .
First , a republic should be declared from the parliament .
Second , the mode of the election should be fully proportional .
These are the two points we put forward for discussion in the parliament .
Over this issue we were able to split the Nepali Congress and UML .
When we put forward this proposal , UML was in a very difficult situation , whether to support our proposal or oppose it .
All communists have an inborn character to want a republic .
No communist in the world would support a monarchy .
UML claim to be communist .
If they opposed our proposal they would be afraid that we Maoists would expose them among the masses that they are no longer communist , they are pro-King .
But , if they vote for the Maoist proposal , it will be passed .
So they were in a very difficult situation .
Furthermore , they supported fully proportional elections before , and when it comes to a vote , if they vote in favour that would support the Maoists , if they vote against that would expose them to the masses .
They were in a very difficult situation so they tried to negotiate with our party , “ please do n’t go for voting , lets compromise ” .
But we were determined .
Our party ’s central committee had decided that we could not compromise on these two issues .
We could never compromise .
We did n’t compromise and finally it went to a vote , and UML was compelled to vote in favour .
There was an agreement with UML because they submitted the proposal with amendments .
Actually , they supported a republic in a different way , and we supported their amendments .
Regarding the electoral process , they supported fully proportional elections .
When it came for voting , with the support of UML our proposal was passed by the parliament with a majority .
Because our proposal was passed by the majority , and Nepali Congress voted against our proposal , we were staking up the issue – to expose and isolate Nepali Congress .
Now we are putting forward the proposal for making amendments in the constitution .
For example , here , according to the constitution , to make amendments requires a two - thirds majority .
A simple majority is not enough for that .
But to ask the government to put forward that proposal in the parliament , a majority can work .
Because now , UML and our party together , we are in the majority .
We are compelling Nepali Congress to put forward that proposal for discussion .
Because according to the constitution , it is the government which should put forward the proposal to amend the constitution , not any political party .
It is the responsibility of the government .
Now Nepali Congress is in a dilemma .
They are in a very difficult situation , they can go neither way .
If they put forward that proposal for discussion in the parliament then they will be facing a moral problem , because quite recently they voted against that proposal .
Putting forward the same proposal in the parliament to get the majority is a moral question for them , number one .
If they do n’t put forward that proposal , they will be defying the majority .
In that case we will have the right , constitutionally , to ask them to resign from the government .
“ You have no moral right to be in the government because you are defying the decision of the majority ! ”
So they will no longer be in the government .
Our tactical line is thus isolating Nepali Congress .
Nepali Congress and UML were fighting collectively against our party , and we have told the leaders of UML that it is their turn to be Prime Minister .
“ If you want to be Prime Minister , first you should topple the Nepali Congress government ” .
We know very well that we should not hold this post at this point of time .
Using the post of Prime Minister we are creating a split between Nepali Congress and the UML .
We are isolating the enemy one by one .
We do n’t know when the turn of UML will come .
We are waiting for that .
But the monarchy has been isolated , and secondly , now Nepali Congress has been isolated .
It is very difficult even for the US and India to defend the Nepali Congress now .
They are keeping mute , because according to their own definition of democracy – forget about our democracy , we define it in a different way – but their definition of democracy is that it is the rule of the majority , whoever enjoys the support in the parliament , they will form the government .
This is their principle , it is their definition .
But if you are in the minority , you do n’t have that right .
Whoever enjoys majority support , they have the right to govern .
Since Nepali Congress is not able to enjoy majority support the US and India are keeping mute .
We are saying “ you please define your own democracy .
What is your democracy ?
Did you redefine it ? ”
They are keeping mute .
We are able to split Nepali Congress from UML .
One by one we are trying to isolate them .
This is political tactics .
This also applies in the case of military actions .
For example , Mao has already instructed us that when you have to eat a full plate of your food , rice , if you are hungry , you should not lift the whole plate and eat it like this .
What is the proper way of eating ?
You should eat gulp by gulp .
This is tactics .
Finishing the food is our strategy , putting all this material in our stomachs is our strategy .
How do we fulfil this strategy ?
By eating gulp by gulp .
We have almost finished “ eating ” the monarchy .
Then we are going to “ eat ” Nepali Congress and hopefully some time later we will “ eat ” other revisionists , this is our aim .
So now when we evaluate our tactics we think that they have been basically successful .
Right at this moment the struggle is going on in the parliament and they are in the minority .
We are trying to use this majority and minority to develop the struggle .
If you ask about the election of constituent assembly , this is tactics .
Will the Elections be Held ?
When will the elections be held ?
This is not a matter of so much concern for our party , frankly speaking .
We have to make revolution , for however long we can use these tactics to make revolution , we will use them .
When and in which day the election will be held is of less importance .
But definitely we will be using the elections of the constituent assembly as long as we can .
It is necessary , because it has become the agenda of the nation .
Every international paper is talking about the constituent assembly , but five years back it was only the agenda of our party .
Nobody else accepted it .
In the second national congress of our party we decided that we should go forward with this tactic .
At that time nobody else accepted it , because for these 7 political parties the existing constitution was one of the best constitutions of the world .
They said to us that we are challenging the constitution , which is one of the best in the world , so they could not agree with that .
Now everybody is talking about it , including US imperialism .
They were so concerned and were saying that the Maoists were going to destroy the constituent assembly .
Now it has become the agenda of everybody .
But so far as our party is concerned we are very clear , it is a tactical line .
With that tactic we are able to create the spirit .
We were able to build up the mass movement through those tactics and we are using these tactics to make revolution in order to succeed in New Democratic Revolution .
We will definitely be using these tactics , we are not going to give them up .
It would be wrong .
It will be a burden on the part of the Communist Party to give up the tactics which are already established within society and internationally .
It is just like giving up arms to the enemy , saying “ just take these arms and attack us ” .
We are not so stupid .
We should not be so stupid that we give the arms to the enemy and say do whatever you like .
We will use these arms ourselves .
This is the situation in Nepal .
We know very clearly that Nepali Congress will never accept these two proposals because they have their own compulsion .
They cannot accept these two proposals because they think that if the monarchy is abolished and a republic is declared , everybody will understand that this republic has come into being because of the Maoists .
It is a Maoist instigated republic .
The whole political benefit will be taken by the Maoists .
There will be proportional elections and some reactionary people and some journalists , are intimidating Nepali Congress now .
These journalists are taking the statistics of the last election and showing the total strength of the Nepali Congress – two Nepali Congress Parties which have joined together – altogether was 180 and something seats .
If you go to the polls with this full electoral process , you will get less than 70 seats .
So they will suffer a lot .
And how much will the Maoists gain ?
They will either win a majority of the seats or will be the biggest party in the parliament .
Nepali Congress are really afraid of that , even though we do n’t give importance to the elections .
We communists do n’t give that much importance to these elections , but for the reactionaries elections are everything .
As you can see , it is not very common in Europe and in the UK , but if you go and observe elections in South Asia , in India , Pakistan and Bangladesh , people kill each other over the election .
No matter how many people will be killed they still want to win the election .
This is the way elections are fought .
For reactionaries the election is decisive .
If they think beforehand that they are going to be defeated , why would they vote for that ?
It is suicidal for them , they will not accept our proposal , we know .
This is good and bad , there are two aspects .
On the one hand it is good , but on the other hand it is bad .
It is good because if they will not accept it , we will develop the mass movement .
When we have achieved a majority , that achievement will be used against Nepali Congress , and that will develop the mass movement that we have already .
It is in our agenda that we work out the plan of the next mass movement to press the government to put forward this proposal in parliament .
To make amendments in the constitution by a two - thirds majority will also not really happen , so we can develop the mass movement .
We are using this majority , the weapon of the majority , against Nepali Congress .
We are making the plan of developing the mass movement and our aim is to seize central power .
This is the aim of the mass movement .
Apparently it seems like the situation is very simple , because we have already achieved a majority and Maoists are in a better position , we will go forward easily .
But this is not true , because everything is approaching a climax in Nepal .
We are in the process of a very big change .
If communists succeed , are able to capture state power , it will not only be a victory of the Nepalese people , the Nepalese proletariat , but it would also be the victory of the revolutionaries of the world today .
It will be the centre , the base area of the world revolution .
Revolutionary Movements around the World
Reactionaries , including US imperialists , know this very well .
So it is US imperialism which is trying its best not to allow the revolution to succeed , not because of economic reasons , even though the US has an interest to exploit , to extract wealth from Nepal .
We do n’t think like that , because Nepal is not a big economy for the US and it is not easy for the US to extract wealth from Nepal .
But politically it is very important .
Once the revolution succeeds in Nepal it will have a big impact at the international level – because revolutionary movements are building up , taking shape in different parts of the world today .
For example , in neighbouring India there is a significant Maoist movement .
The government has repeatedly accepted that it is a political threat .
According to the government evaluation , previously the nationalist movement was the greatest political threat .
But in the last 2 to 3 years they have been saying that the Maoist movement is the greatest threat to the Indian government .
If the revolution in Nepal will succeed right at their border , definitely this will have a direct impact and maybe the Indian reactionary class will not be able to stop the revolution there .
If India were liberated then it will be a very big thing for the world revolution .
There are also other countries where revolutionary movements are developing , for example in Turkey , some comrades in Iran are trying to make a breakthrough there , as well as in Peru and in the Philippines .
If the revolution in Nepal succeeds then there will be a great effect on the world revolution .
Other movements will move forward with tremendous strength .
Even if other people do n’t know this , the CIA and US imperialism know its significance .
They will do their best to prevent it .
They will do their best to prevent the revolution at any cost .
During the 1990s the Soviet Union disintegrated .
Actually we did n’t call it socialism , it was not socialist , but popularly it was known as a socialist country and western imperialism defined it as socialist .
The imperialists were very happy with the collapse of the Soviet Union and they declared that Marxism will never come back again .
For western imperialism , socialism existed for seventy years in the Soviet Union and then collapsed .
They claim , now there will be no more socialism .
The best system in the world is capitalism , not socialism .
It has been proven from practice .
They were getting like that , Marxism has gone , it is dead , it will never come back .
But now there is a revolution under the leadership of the Maoist Party in Nepal .
All their arguments , all their proof , all their efforts will be shattered .
So they are very much afraid of the revolution in Nepal .
So definitely imperialism will do its best to prevent the revolution from being accomplished in Nepal .
If you ask me the question of whether in Nepal we are fighting against the monarchy only , this is not the case .
The monarchy is almost finished , because even Nepali Congress have taken a position that will not support the monarchy .
All the 7 parties have accepted that we are not for monarchy , we are for a republic .
Now the king is no more the head of state , he is no more the supreme commander of the army and has no following among the masses .
So actually , we have already finished the monarchy .
In fact , we are fighting against US imperialism .
US imperialism is trying to restore and revive the monarchy .
It is trying to organise the reactionaries and regressive forces around the monarchy .
It is getting support from Indian reactionaries , Hindu fundamentalists .
The real fight in Nepal is against US imperialism .
In this situation , we think that it is a good thing that we have the opportunity to fight US imperialism .
But it is difficult , it is not easy to fight against US imperialism .
So the fight against US imperialism has to be carried out internationally , because it is the enemy of the people of the world .
Now we are striving to develop anti-imperialist struggle throughout the world .
We are trying to make alliance with the forces who are fighting against US imperialism .
In order to fight US imperialism internationally it is necessary to gather support from all revolutionary people , anti-imperialist people , Maoist and all revolutionaries of the world .
We are making tours of European countries in order to gain support .
We have to get support from all different forces against US imperialism with the aim of supporting the revolution in Nepal .
This is also a significant step for you in Europe , because you are supporting the revolution in Nepal .
We should definitely get support from the broad masses in Europe .
I think there are many good people in Europe .
There are many revolutionaries , many communists , who are very enthusiastic about making revolution in their country , or accomplishing revolution anywhere in the world .
Time and again they have expressed their solidarity , regarding our release from prison , saving our lives , supporting our revolution in Nepal .
If you have a correct line , you have a much higher fighting capacity .
You may think that since there is no revolutionary movement , that there is no working class movement in Europe , so therefore nothing can be done here .
Comrades , you should not be disappointed .
Communists should not be disappointed .
You have the strength , provided you have the correct ideological and political line and you dare to implement that line , you can do it .
I will give some examples .
When I was in prison , the Prime Minister of Nepal visited Belgium in order to procure arms from the Belgian government .
Belgium produces lots of arms , and they had already agreed to supply arms to the Nepalese government .
Our comrades during that time , they were not a large number , there were around 100 comrades in Belgium , and they knew that this guy had come to Belgium to procure the arms that can be used against the People ’s War .
So they organised a protest and they contacted different political forces including the Workers Party of Belgium ( PTB ) , which was against supplying arms to suppress the people of Nepal .
They got support from PTB and some other anti-monarchy forces and some revolutionary forces .
They protested in the parliament and even the Green Party supported them .
They protested inside the parliament and in front of the European parliament and they shouted slogans .
Finally the government decided not to supply the arms on this occasion .
Even 100 people can do that , if you have a correct line , if you have a correct ideology .
It is a very big thing to stop the supply of arms to the Royal Nepalese Army .
Actually , it was a major support for the People ’s War .
If the arms reached Nepal it would have a very bad effect on the People ’s War .
But they were able to stop it .
So we should not be disappointed , we have that strength , because our ideology has a huge strength .
When we implement this ideology then it becomes a material force .
Ideology is in our minds , if we write , it goes onto the paper , and when we implement it , it becomes material force .
So our ideology , invincible ideology , definitely creates invincible force .
Comrades in Europe , we have that ideology , if you work on the correct political line , you can create a major force .
It is necessary to gather support internationally to support the People ’s War in Nepal .
Supporting the People ’s War in Nepal ultimately means to fight against US imperialism .
Now it is clear , while making revolution in Nepal we are side by side fighting against US imperialism , and definitely it is a big task .
It is Your Revolution Too
We think that the revolution in Nepal is not only the revolution of the people of Nepal , it is your revolution also .
We are making revolution for everybody , it is our common effort .
Once the revolution in Nepal succeeds , it will be the base area of the world revolution .
I hope and believe that we accomplish the revolution in Nepal with our combined force .
Thank you very much .
Baton Rouge Sex Crimes Lawyers
Louisiana Sexual Assault Defense Attorneys
Baton Rouge , Louisiana , Sex Crime Defense Attorneys
Respected • Aggressive • Experienced • Successful
Perhaps no other area of law carries as much public stigma and presumption of guilt as criminal charges involving sex crimes .
Public pressure for effective prosecution and conviction runs high in all state and federal courts .
This pressure must be met with effective criminal defense .
At Damico & Stockstill , Attorneys at Law , we provide skilled handling of charges involving sex offenses in Louisiana .
Call immediately
Do not wait until charges are filed .
The sooner we begin our defense the better .
If you are under suspicion of a sex crime , call the experienced sex crimes defense Attorneys , at Damico & Stockstill immediately .
At Damico & Stockstill , our Baton Rouge sex crime defense Attorneys offer effective representation for 1st time offenders and registered sex offenders .
We handle state and federal charges including :
Statutory rape
Rape
Soliciting sex crimes ( solicitation )
Sexual assault
Sexual battery
Internet sex crimes
Our Baton Rouge trial lawyers are experienced in defending clients accused of computer crimes , including child pornography and soliciting sex violations .
We provide free initial consultations at our law office in East Baton Rouge Parish .
We charge a nominal fee for initial consultations conducted in prison facilities .
If you have questions about our firm or need effective , confidential defense , contact Damico & Stockstill , Baton Rouge sex crime defense Attorneys .
Our lawyers have over 65 years of combined experience and are AV - rated * under Martindale Hubbell ’s peer review rating system .
NY Sen . Monserrate ’s Reward For His Vote Against Marriage ?
No Jail Time in Face Slashing
New York State Sen. Hiram Monserrate , the Democrat who voted against gay marriage , will receive only three years probation , and no jail time , for slashing his girlfriend ’s face with glass .
You know , because there ’s something called justice . [ / sarcasm ]
Nearly one in four of the world 's 6.8 billion people are Muslim , with about 700,000 of them living in Canada , says a report released in Washington , D.C. , Thursday .
The world 's Muslim population stands at 1.57 billion , according to the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life report .
It was funded by the Pew Charitable Trusts and the John Templeton Foundation , which aim to increase people 's understanding of religion around the world .
Three years in the making , the report analyzed 1,500 databases and surveyed 50 demographers and researchers in 232 countries .
It paints a surprising portrait of where Muslims live globally .
More than 300 million Muslims live in countries where Islam is not the majority religion , and these minority Muslim populations are often quite large .
India , for example , which has a majority Hindu population , also has the third - largest population of Muslims worldwide .
China has more Muslims than Syria , while Russia is home to more Muslims than Jordan and Libya combined .
Germany has more Muslims than Lebanon and Ethiopia has nearly as many Muslims as Afghanistan .
Moreover , while the epicentre of Islam is in the Middle East , more than 60 per cent of the world 's Muslims live in Asia .
About 20 per cent live in the Middle East and North Africa , 15 per cent in Sub -Saharan Africa , 2.4 per cent in Europe and 0.3 per cent in the Americas .
After Christianity , which has 2.2 billion followers worldwide , Islam is the world 's second - largest religion .
A similar study on global Christianity is planned for next year .
If Lt. Col .
Jim Gentry and his doctors were right about the cause of his cancer , the Indiana National Guard officer did n’t die for his country — he died for defense contractor KBR .
Gentry ’s death from lung cancer last week is being recorded as the US ’s first fatality from exposure to a cancer - causing toxin in Iraq , according to the Evansville , Indiana , Courier & Press .
ADVERTISEMENT
In 2003 , Gentry commanded a 600 - strong force providing security for KBR ’s refittal of the Qarmat Ali water - pumping plant , which provided water needed for oil extraction .
Gentry and others claim that during that time they were exposed to hexavalent chromium , a cancer - causing toxin that the Iraqis who had built the plant had used as anti-corrosive material .
In a lawsuit filed last year , Gentry and 15 other plaintiffs said KBR , at the time a subsidiary of Halliburton , was aware that soldiers and civilian contractors were being exposed to hexavalent chromium months before they told the people working at the site .
Researchers have linked hexavalent chromium to lung cancer and leukemia , as well as a variety of liver and kidney problems .
It ’s the same compound that poisoned residents of Hinkley , California , in a case that was made famous by the movie Erin Brockovich .
Gentry was diagnosed in 2006 with a rare form of lung cancer that doctors attributed to exposure to hexavalent chromium .
When he died last week , he was the first soldier officially recorded to have died from exposure to toxins in Iraq .
But as the Courier & Press notes , Gentry may not have been the first to die from exposure at Qarmat Ali .
Sgt. David Moore died of lung disease in February of this year , and his death was ruled service - related .
Moore was a smoker , making his diagnosis more difficult to pinpoint .
ADVERTISEMENT
In an investigative report last year , CBS News obtained documents purportedly showing that KBR employees had “ concerns about the toxins in one part of the plant as early as May of 2003 , ” one month after Gentry ’s unit arrived at the facility , but three months before the company informed the soldiers .
CNN reported at the time the lawsuit was launched :
The Guardsmen and civilian contractors who worked there have described walking on and sitting near the bright orange powder that was widely dispersed throughout the grounds of the water plant .
The chemical was believed to have been left behind by forces loyal to Saddam Hussein .
Some of the Guardsmen already suffer from nasal tumors or respiratory system problems and other health problems , according to the lawsuit .
One of the guardsmen may have died from the exposure , though the exact cause of his death earlier this year is still not clear .
“ KBR managers knew full well long ago that this stuff was incredibly dangerous .
But there was no information about it for years .
And now these soldiers are facing some pretty serious health concerns .
They ’re going to be stuck with this the rest of their lives , ” said Mike Doyle , one of the Houston attorneys representing the Guardsmen .
“ The most frustrating thing is that these guys are finding out years later that they were exposed to something . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I understand and accept there ’s danger with my line of service , in my line of service , ” Gentry said in the lawsuit deposition , as quoted at the Courier & Press .
“ What ’s very difficult for me to accept is if I ’m working for KBR and they have knowledge of hazardous chemicals on the ground that can cause cancer and ( they do n’t ) share that knowledge , then that is putting my men at risk that is unnecessary . ”
Indiana Sen .
Evan Bayh has involved himself in the controversy , introducing a bill in Congress in October that would guarantee lifetime health care for soldiers exposed to hazardous materials in war zones .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ You served our country honorably , ” Bayh told the soldiers who served at Qarmat Ali , as quoted last week at the Courier & Press .
“ You deserve the best medical care possible .
We should n’t put the burden of proof on you , because there are photographs of piles of this stuff sitting around there . ”
Even in an economic recession , Americans in urban areas continue to buy second homes in rural parts of the country , frequently helping to revitalize depressed areas .
Inevitably , though , political operatives have also been seizing on weekend residents as a way to change the political complexion of rural communities .
Nowhere is the battle being more fiercely fought than in New York 's Columbia County , a two - hour drive up the Hudson River from New York City .
Local Democrats have encouraged weekend residents to register and vote ...
U.S. government gives one man 115,000 joints
Many of you have read my piece on Irv Rosenfeld .
He ’s quite an amazing individual .
The Mail has a piece on him now : American stockbroker sets record for cannabis consumption with 115,000th joint ( and it ’s all legal )
An American stockbroker has one of the world ’s most prolific cannabis smokers – thanks to a constant supply of the drug to treat a rare bone disease .
Fort Lauderdale stockbroker Irvin Rosenfeld will tomorrow smoke his 115,000th joint – and it ’s all legal .
The 56 - year - old has been provided with cannabis by the government since 1982 , when he became a patient in the Federal Drug Administration ’s Investigational New Drug Programme . [ … ]
He has been receiving 300 joints of the drug every 25 days for the past 27 years , NBC Miami reported . [ … ]
‘ If you truly think marijuana ’s as bad as you think it is , explain me . ’
115,000 joints and not only is his condition taken care of , but he has no other ill - effects .
( Note : if he was able to get some good pot , instead of the low - grade stuff from the feds , he probably could have managed with a whole lot fewer . )
[ thanks , Mike ]
Skinning Component Recommended Player Level to Farm Loque ' Nahak 's Pelt 76 + Arctic Fur 68 + Cobra Scales 65 + Nerubian Chitin 68 + Icy Dragonscale 75 + Rugged Leather 50 + Jormungar Scale 70 + Borean Leather 68 + Knothide Leather 58 +
Loque ' Nahak
Arctic Fur
Scion of Quetz'lun - Zul ' Drak
Plagued Proto - Dragon
Cobra Scales
Nerubian Chitin
Forgotten Depths NPCs - Icecrown
Hath 'ar Skimmer - Zul ' Drak
Nerub'ar NPCs - Borean Tundra
Icy Dragonscale
Drakes - Sholazar Basin
Scalebanes - Crystalsong Forest
Rugged Leather
Plaguehounds , etc. - Eastern Plaguelands
Cats & Yeti - Winterspring
Other Locations for Rugged leather
Jormungar Scale
Jormungars - The Storm Peaks
Jormungars - Dragonblight
Borean Leather
Skinnable Mobs - Zul'drak
Skinnable Mobs - Sholazar Basin
Knothide Leather
There are a few different ways to make money skinning .
There are rare mobs that can be skinned to drop rare items , there are common mobs that can be skinned to drop rare fur , and there are regular mobs to skin that can drop leather for you .
The most consistent way to make money is through common leather , but this can be done while looking for these jackpots .
Loque ' Nahak is a rare spawning beast in Sholazar Basin that is supposed to spawn every 8 - 10 hours , but because he is the only spirit beast in the game he is heavily camped by Hunters .
Nonetheless , I will show you the points where he spawns in case you are farming leather out in Sholazar Basin or are passing through you can stop and skin this guy he drops a rare pelt when skinned and it has a random enchant .
Depending on which enchant you get , it should sell well on the Auction House .
Arctic
Fur is currently the new hottest reagent that comes from skinning in Wrath of the Lich King .
Unfortunately it is rare , the best recorded drop rate is 2 % .
It has a chance to drop off of almost every beast in Northrend , but a consistent pattern seems to be the higher level the mob the better chance for it to drop and if it's an elite mob , even better .
Here are two recommended farming spots for Arctic Fur.
Arctic
Fur remains valuable as it is an ingredient in most of the high end recipes including the new craftable gear in Patch 3.3 .
These are level 76 - 77 elite mobs but they currently have the highest drop rate for Arctic Fur and they also can drop 1 - 3 Borean Leather which is a good consistent source of regular leather .
There are other mobs that have a higher drop rate than these guys but they were instances so I choose to pick this mob instead .
The good news is , it can be done by a player around level 70 andit 's in Howling Fjord .
The reported drop rate of Arctic Furs is 1.7 % .
This component is farmed in Outland , more specifically , the best spot to farm this item is in Shadowmoon Valley off of Shadow Serpents .
It is still one of the highest profitable reagents due to no one farming them anymore and their demand for twinks .
They commonly sell between 5 - 30g , but be careful not to over farm them , the demand is less for these than it used to be .
It is used to make two leg enchants , one can be placed on level 50 + players and the other 60 +.
Check your Auction
House before farming these to make sure it is not flooded .
These skinning component only can be skinned from the Nerubian NPCs that are commonly found inside and around the instances of Azjol - Nerub and Ahn'kahet : The Old Kingdom .
If you are a level 80 one option you have is soloing these instances on regular to get Nerubian Chitin , otherwise you will have to find a group or farm mobs that have less common drop rates .
There are two other main spots to do this if you do n't kill the mobs outside of Azjol - Nerub .
There are a few NPCs that can drop Nerubian Chitin that spawn in this area .
They start with thename Forgotten Depths and are bug looking creatures .
They spawn all around these two temples .
You will want to be 75 + to do this area maybe even 77 +.
There are a bunch of Hath 'ar Skimmers around Kolramas just waiting for you to come kill and skin them .
So why keep them waiting ?
You will want to be at least level 72 + to do this area .
These NPCs spawn around Warsong Hold , you can do it as alliance but be careful not to get too close to the guards .
There are all kinds of bug looking Nerub 'ar NPCs around the hold that spawn and also a Flamespitter that can drop Nerubian Chitin .
I 'd draw you a map but they are easy to find since they sit right outside a major Horde City .
These are mostly found on dragonkin inside of Violet Hold , in fact , I usually try to do a Heroic Violet hold at least once a day just so I can skin the dragons inside .
If I 'm the only skinner I 'll leave with a few stacks of Borean Leather and a good amount of Icy Dragonscales .
You can also go into Regular Violet hold and accomplish a similar feat .
In the northern part of Sholazar Basin there are drakes flying in the air and also on ground .
You can kill and skin these and you can also break hatchlings out of the eggs here to kill and skin .
This will net you with a decent amount of Icy Dragonscales because this area has one of the higher drop rates in game .
You 'll want to be 75 + for this area .
There are a lot of dragonkin out in this area of Crystalsong Forest that have a really good drop rate .
Use whichever of the two areas you prefer .
You 'll want to be 76 + for this area .
As with all gathering professions , old world regular components are worth more than some of the new ones .
The reason for this is simple , everyone wants to power level their professions but do not want to go farm the components themselves .
Since less people are doing the farming , they get paid higher for each item , thus making Rugged Leather the most profitable leather to farm .
The best spot to farm Rugged Leather is in Eastern Plaguelands , hands down , yeah there are close seconds , but there are so many beasts here that have high drop rates that you can just run around randomly in this zone and get piles of Rugged Leather .
Fortunately , I 'm going to give you a boundary area that you should try to stick to while running around where the beasts are higher level .
I recommend being 54 + for this area .
This is probably the second best zone in the game to come to for skinning for drop rate on Rugged Leather .
You can go to either location in case one or the other is farmed , they are near identical .
You will want to be 55 + for this area .
Un'Goro Crater - Entire western part of zone has higher drop rate than easternZul ' Gurub - if you 're able to handle this old world raid instance there are plenty of beasts in here with high drop rates .
There are two major locations to get Jormungar Scales from , The Storm Peaks and Dragonblight .
If you do n't know what a Jormungar is , it 's one of those ugly looking big worms that tries to eat you .
These are good to kill and skin because they drop Worm Meat as well which can be used for cooking .
Jormungars are all over this zone , so I 'll highlight the areas on the map the different Jormungars can be found .
They are all basically equal drop rates , about 25 % , so where you go is up to you .
You should be 76 + for this part because the NPCs will be around level 80 .
The drop rate on these is about 15 % but the advantage is you can do them at level 70 or so , which is a great for people needing gold and just starting in Northrend .
Borean Leather is the new leather that was introduced with Wrath of the Lich King and is in high demand but is also in high supply .
There is always at least a page in my Auction House of this stuff , but you can still sell it decently fast if you keep your prices low .
The advantage to farming Borean Leather is you can farm a number of other things off of mobs anywhere in Northrend where those beasts or skinnable mobs to get it .
You only have to be 68 + to collect Borean Leather efficiently , the higher the level you are the faster you 'll collect it .
You can get a lot of this stuff out of instances like Violet Hold , Gundrak , and Zul ' Drak also , in case you 're looking to do an instance .
There are so many mobs you can farm in this zone for Borean Leather .
The ones in this map have some of the highest drop rate in the game , near 100 % when averaged out .
There are very few things that cannot be skinned in Sholazar , you can basically walk around drunk with a skinning knife and if you manage to kill something it 's probably skinnable .
But I highlighted the areas that have near 100 % drop rate anyway .
I recommend you be level 74 + to do this area .
The mammoths to the north have a 100 % chance to drop Chunk o' Mammoth , which is among the most valuable meats in Wrath of the Lich King People still need Knothide Leather from the Burning Crusade to level from 300 - 350 Leatherworking or for other miscellaneous things .
While the demand may not be as high as Borean Leather there is still a demand and it almost commands the same price as Borean Leather .
This is the least important skinning item to gather so I 'm just going to give you ONE GOOD MAP !
Just for your information , if you are level 80 or so you will want to just go ahead and start a regular instance of Black Morass and kill and farm the mobs there and then reset when you are done , it 's the best place to farm Borean Leather .
You may be able to just do it in the high 60s effectively since most of the stuff is non-elite anyways .
According to the Jewish Telegraphic Agency , Steven J. Rosen will be allowed to move ahead with his civil defamation lawsuit against the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) .
Rosen and fellow AIPAC employee Keith Weissman were indicted under the 1917 Espionage Act in 2005 along with Department of Defense Employee Col. Lawrence Franklin for passing classified national defense information .
Franklin pled guilty , but Rosen and Weissman ’s case never went to trial — US attorneys gave up ( PDF ) after the presiding judge made a successful prosecution unlikely .
Rosen ’s 2009 civil lawsuit contends that AIPAC defamed him when its spokesperson claimed that he " did not comport with standards that AIPAC expects of its employees . "
Rosen ’s many filings in court reveal that his fundamental case is that AIPAC commonly circulates and distributes classified US government information when it suits the organization ’s purpose in lobbying for Israel .
AIPAC defamed him , he alleges , by claiming he was somehow unique .
An FBI file declassified and released on July 31 , 2009 ( PDF ) backs up Rosen ’s assertions .
In 1984 AIPAC obtained a classified report compiled from the business secrets of US industries and associations opposed to signing a bilateral trade agreement with Israel .
The FBI found that AIPAC had " attempted to influence members of Congress with the use of a purloined copy of the ITC report and had usurped their authority . "
The Washington Field Office of the FBI went on to assert that " AIPAC is a powerful pro-Israel lobbying group staffed by U.S. citizens .
WFO files contain an unsubstantiated allegation that a member of the Israeli Intelligence Service was a staff member of AIPAC . "
Rosen is well on his way to claiming $ 20 million in damages for AIPAC ’s " defamation " propelled by the court ’s new ruling .
But for Americans much larger concerns linger .
Why is n’t AIPAC registering as an agent of a foreign principal if it is collaborating so closely with foreign intelligence services ?
Why are these matters being litigated in civil court as a family squabble between members of the Israel lobby ?
If espionage is a recurring , institutionalized feature of AIPAC , does n’t that mitigate against its claims to be an American non-profit , working for American interests ?
From the NRA to the AARP , no legitimate American nonprofit lobby has ever been found to be trafficking in so much intelligence information , or so frequently channeling it to foreign government parties and friends in the establishment media .
Newly emerging declassified facts are reminders to concerned Americans that AIPAC is not at all what it claims to be .
Rosen ’s lawsuit will not likely make good on his and former lobbyist Douglas Bloomfield ’s implicit threats to reveal AIPAC as a stealth , unregistered foreign agent of the Israeli government .
Fortunately for Americans , that uncomfortable fact is now emerging in myriad ways , even in the midst of AIPAC ’s new attempts to engineer policies that could accelerate the downfall of the US economy .
Grant F. Smith is the author of the new book Spy Trade : How Israel ’s Lobby Undermines America ’s Economy .
He is currently director of the Institute for Research : Middle Eastern Policy in Washington , D.C .
Palestinian labourers work on a house under construction in the West Bank Jewish settlement of Har Gilo near Jerusalem December 1 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Baz Ratner
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The White House called on Monday for Israel to halt construction of new homes for Jews in East Jerusalem and urged Israel and the Palestinians to return to the negotiating table as soon as possible .
“ The United States opposes new Israeli construction in East Jerusalem , ” White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said in a statement .
Israel announced plans earlier on Monday to build nearly 700 new homes for Jews in areas of the occupied West Bank it considers part of Jerusalem , a city it has excluded from a limited moratorium on settlement construction .
A spokesman for Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas condemned the plan , saying new building on territory occupied by Israel since the 1967 Middle East war was illegal .
“ Neither party should engage in efforts or take actions that could unilaterally preempt , or appear to preempt , negotiations .
Rather , both parties should return to negotiations without preconditions as soon as possible , ” Gibbs said .
The White House also said the United States recognizes “ Jerusalem is a deeply important issue for Israelis and Palestinians , and for Jews , Muslims , and Christians , ” and that it believed that through “ good faith ” negotiations , the aspirations of both parties for the city could be realized .
Yesterday was my last day at IonLab , the company that I built with a few friends .
It has been a wild ride but I could continue no longer .
I am leaving due to internal differences on the progress and transparency in the company .
We have been well - supported in our experience , right from a Govt. of India grant to being one of the few to be selected as a TiE Entrepreneurship Acceleration Program mentee .
We owe special gratitude for the people who made that happen and supported us .
But as any been - there - done - that startupper would expect , we delivered on technology , but we sorely lacked in maturity of management skills .
Simply put :
“ Shipping is a feature .
A really important feature .
Your product must have it . ” — JWZ
I ca n’t explain more because it would then amount to washing dirty linen in public .
Anyway , time to move on .
Hopefully second time will be better !
I have been reflecting on many of the experiences I ’ve had .
So I thought I ’d jot down the biggest lessons I learned as a startupper :
Stop reading .
Start doing .
For every hour that you read , you must gain 3 hours of experience .
I read so much about entrepreneurship , although only after jumping into the startup .
One and a half year later , we had made all the mistakes that those articles warned us about .
The problem is not in the reading or understanding , the problem is in internalizing what you read .
Wannabe startuppers read all the Paul Graham essays and say “ Nah , that ’s not going to happen to me , I ’m going to be awesome and successful ” , but when I read his latest essay What Startups Are Really Like , it felt like he crept into my head at night , stole my experiences and wrote a letter to me .
Yes , really , it felt like that .
But , of course , you wo n’t believe me .
Until it happens to you .
What was the most common response from the YCombinator startups to Paul Graham ?
When I look at the responses , the common theme is that starting a startup was like I said , but way more so .
Read those last few words repeatedly 6 times .
And I repeat , my warning to you is that simply reading A - Z of books and essays is not important , you have to internalize the learnings by testing it out on the field and realizing the value for yourself instead of saying “ that makes sense ” and forgetting about it a few minutes later .
Empathy matters
It is funny how most people will discourage you from doing a startup , and , today , perhaps because things have changed now because of all the media hype , most of my friends were discouraging me from leaving it now !
There are two aspects to this .
First , read
The Dip and you will know why I decided to quit .
As Seth Godin says in the book , “ The old saying is wrong – winners do quit , and quitters do win .
Winners quit fast , quit often , and quit without guilt – until they commit to beating the right Dip for the right reasons . ”
Second , as one of my friends observed , I talked to about 7 people ( both acquaintances and friends ) whose judgment I trusted .
3 of them sympathized and agreed with my decision and 4 of them admonished me and asked me to “ hang in there . ”
You know what was the clincher ?
The first 3 had done startups themselves and the latter 4 had not .
The latter 4 did not really understand the context , even though they meant well and are intelligent folks .
Imagine that a decision like this was so hard for friends - who - know - you to understand .
Imagine how much empathy you should have for the motivations and work life of your customers !
Business is not a big deal , it ’s only a mindset
The day I realized that I had started to think in terms of business was this conversation :
Friend :
Hey , I wanted to talk to you about a gadget idea .
Most phones have large storage space and bluetooth facility .
Most cameras have small storage space .
I have both of them on trips .
I usually run out of space on the camera .
So can there be a gadget similar to a bluetooth dongle that can move photos from the camera to the phone ?
Me : Interesting … there is much to evaluate there ( for example , I want to understand how much battery power it would eat up , which is the major concern when on a trip ) .
But if you ’re thinking about such a product , I think we should skip bluetooth and talk about peer to peer WiFi * .
Friend : What ?
Bluetooth is there on every freakin’ phone out there !
Me : Yes , but by the time you build this new gadget , all the devices would have moved to p2 p wifi because it means supporting only one standard .
Right now , phones have to support two standards – both wifi and bluetooth which is additional hardware and headache for the manufacturers .
Since p2 p wifi builds on top of the existing wifi standard , it makes business sense for them to standardize on that .
Comparatively , the only advantage of bluetooth , AFAIK , is low power consumption , and that factor will reduce with increasing battery life .
So , in 1 or 2 years , bluetooth wo n’t be the in - thing , and that is when the product will be ready if you start now .
Friend : stunned silence Me : Did I say something wrong ??
Friend :
You really are a businessman now .
Me : Heh
See ?
It ’s not a big deal , you just have to learn the right mindset .
Note that I did n’t say it was easy , I ’m simply pointing out it ’s simply a different mode of thinking , and it is doable .
I realized that doing a tech business means you should know both tech and business really well ( duh ) .
And since I ’m not there yet w.r.t. tech , I ’m going to stick to that as my core for the next decade .
Or at least , that ’s the plan .
Coding is still my first love .
Update :
After some thought and discussions with close friends , perhaps I can contribute in additional responsibilities such as product manager - type responsibilities as well .
* Also see
What ’s next for Wi-Fi ?
Focus matters
A great advice I got from Muki , an entrepreneur was : “ Start focusing on three things from day one – relationships , cash flow , balance sheet .
You already know how to handle the rest . ”
Notice he does n’t talk about innovation , technology or all those other things .
On the same note , the best explanation I ’ve seen is that “ Innovation is the by - product of a well - executed product ” , which brings me to my next point .
“ Focus ” in the context of startups can be interpreted as good product management skills , which I strongly referred to in my StartupDunia guest post on the recent NASSCOM Product Conclave .
Maintain good relationships with partners , vendors , mentors , and all other folks that you meet in the course of your business .
Do n’t look at these relationships as opportunistic , look at it as an opportunity to co-create and learn .
Track your cash flow .
Yes , you will earn millions later , but if you do n’t have money now , you ’ll die .
You may not realize that the single highest factor why startups die is because of bad cash flow .
Do n’t trivialize any aspect
Anything that is not managed will deteriorate , said Bob Parsons .
And it ’s very true in this case , whether it is your legal company paperwork ( yes , those stuff that you do n’t want to be bothered with ) or your project timelines ( yes , tracking what ’s on the critical path is very important , but you already knew that , did n’t you ? ) or thinking long - term as well as short - term , or networking with similar folks .
We , as tech people , think technology is everything and other people have it easy .
I was like that .
I learned it the hard way that “ Easy is a term you use to define other people ’s jobs . ”
I have a lot of respect for marketing and sales folks now .
They have a really tough job , because it is about tenacity and psychology , compared to tech work which is write - once and scalable .
Pop quiz :
Did you really understand the signifance of that last sentence ?
If not , go back to my first point .
Have a sense of urgency
For every decision ( and you will have a lot more of them than you realize ) , make sure that you do due diligence but at the same time , have a sense of urgency .
As Tecumseh Sherman said : “ A good plan violently executed today is far and away better than a perfect plan tomorrow . ”
Bottom - up always wins
This is the single most important learning , if I had to pick one .
Time and again , I ’ve observed that bottom - up always beats top - down approach to problems .
Note that I ’m not discouraging you from planning , but I ’m discouraging you from focusing purely on the plan .
The plan is a guide to your actions , you should not spend more time on the plan vs. the actions and results !
And you can observe the power of bottom - up thinking time and again , whether it is in terms of societal change or productivity paradigms like GTD or the reason why Wikipedia and open source software are successful .
As Linus Torvalds says “ Software is grown , not built . ”
Mull that !
How does this apply to startups ?
Let us take one specific example :
You have a new idea to solve a problem and you want to test if your idea works .
If the prototype takes a couple of weeks , then you should go for the prototype .
If it will take longer , how do you know that it is worth investing the time ?
Simple , use Adwords to assess demand for your new product / service .
Same thing for doing market research .
Notice that in this example , we first start top - down by ideating and brainstorming , but then switch to bottom - up thinking once the initial plan is done – immediately jump to action by a real evaluation about the need that you are trying to solve .
Then decide the second action based on the results of the first action .
How to define failure
This is how I explained failure to a friend :
You walk into a new restaurant , and try the food .
It can be good or bad .
But you still have to pay the bill !
You do n’t know whether your effort is going to succeed or not , but you still have to put in the effort .
And the friend replied :
The problem with most people is , they do n’t want to risk eating bad food , that ’s why they keep going to the same restaurant , even if they are bored of it !
When to call yourself an entrepreneur
I have this personal demarcation that I will call myself an entrepreneur when I have ( 1 ) created something new ( 2 ) made money .
Until then , I ’m a startupper ( someone who has done or been in a startup ) .
This is the End
Hope these reflections are useful for future startuppers and entrepreneurs .
All the best !
( also see 10 things I wish I was serious about before starting a startup )
As for me , I ’m cash - strapped ( Did n’t I say lessons learned ? ) , and hence looking for a job ( product manager or senior technical role ) .
Do let me know if there are any interesting opportunities out there .
Update on January 15 , 2010 : I joined Infibeam .
Update on July 04 , 2011 : Interestingly , Splitterbug is a YCombinator 2011 Summer Batch startup that is pursuing the very same idea .
Just goes to show that the idea had and still has potential .
Facing another operating deficit , the TTC has predicted a $ 100 million shortfall for 2010 .
Nine city councillors are set to discuss the matter in a meeting now scheduled for Nov. 17 .
The remaining six - week period would give the commission just enough time to implement a fare hike for the New Year .
For every $ 0.25 increase in fare , the TTC raises roughly $ 45 million .
TTC Chairman , Councillor Adam Giambrone , says that the current fare of $ 2.75 wo n't be increased to four or five dollars because that would " not [ be ] good for riders " .
But , I wo n't be surprised if I find myself throwing a Toonie , Loonie , and maybe even a quarter in the fare box in the near future .
With the TTC 's recent problems with finances , it 's no wonder rumors of a fare increase are circulating .
Hoping to avoid the ridership losses experienced in the 1990s -- when the TTC raised prices and reduced service -- Giambrone has repeatedly stated that he 's not prepared to cut service .
I think if Mayor Miller did n't announce a ' price freeze ' effective until the end of the year , Toronto would have seen talks of a fare hike much sooner .
In retrospect , his announcement actually prepared me for a hike sometime in early 2010 -- saying that user costs wo n't increase this year , almost definitely means they will the following year .
Interestingly enough , CP24 is premiering a new TV show on Thursday at 8 PM entitled On The Rocket .
The show will be broadcast live from a moving streetcar where passengers will ask Adam Giambrone questions and chat about transit related issues .
Let 's just hope for his sake ( and ours ! ) that a fare announcement is n't made tomorrow night .
UPDATE : ( 4 pm )
The TTC has just announced the following proposed fare hikes , to be considered at the November 17th meeting .
If these hikes are approved , they will go into effect on Jan 3rd , 2010 .
Regular adult cash fare would jump just 9.09 % , but the regular adult Metropass will see a significantly greater hike ( of 15.6 % ) .
Maybe this will help them with their problem of the transferable Metropass being too attractive an option for its own good .
It can be impossible to securely delete a file :
What are the security implications of Volume Shadow Copy ?
Suppose you decide to protect one of your documents from prying eyes .
First , you create an encrypted copy using an encryption application .
Then , you “ wipe ” ( or “ secure - delete ” ) the original document , which consists of overwriting it several times and deleting it .
( This is necessary , because if you just deleted the document without overwriting it , all the data that was in the file would physically remain on the disk until it got overwritten by other data .
See question above for an explanation of how file deletion works . )
Ordinarily , this would render the original , unencrypted document irretrievable .
However , if the original file was stored on a volume protected by the Volume Shadow Copy service and it was there when a restore point was created , the original file will be retrievable using Previous versions .
All you need to do is right - click the containing folder , click Restore previous versions , open a snapshot , and , lo and behold , you ’ll see the original file that you tried so hard to delete !
The reason wiping the file does n’t help , of course , is that before the file ’s blocks get overwritten , VSC will save them to the shadow copy .
It does n’t matter how many times you overwrite the file , the shadow copy will still be there , safely stored on a hidden volume .
Is there a way to securely delete a file on a volume protected by VSC ?
No .
Shadow copies are read - only , so there is no way to delete a file from all the shadow copies .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Nightfucked By A Kill
Crime Vision
250 - pound bird of prey
Crime Vision .
Two
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Steven Seagal is the Hulk
The line between fantasy and reality has been put in a wrist lock and ripped out of its socket .
There is now a reality show about Steven Seagal being an actual policeman .
Without a doubt , this idea is as incredible as it is insane .
All that time we watched him play a cop , he was training to be a real cop .
I can only hope all that time I spent watching Wonder Woman was training Lynda Carter to give me handjobs .
Being half movie cop plus half regular cop equals , but there 's more to Steven Seagal than that .
If you thought a documentary on his copping would be like that or a normal cop , nice try at thinking .
He 's Steven Seagal and that brings with it some real - life super powers .
The martial arts training that he mentions every five seconds have granted him abilities you wo n't believe .
Let 's take a look at some of them .
Note :
As I type , I 'll highlight any phrases that come up that would work as the title for his next film .
For example : Martial arts have given
Steven the ability to predict your actions before you make them .
He can look at you and know if you 're getting ready to run , pull a gun or get your heart torn out .
Spoiler alert :
You 're always getting ready to get your heart torn out .
When Seagal is on patrol , darting his head around like a , he may suddenly see a 107 .
This is the police code for " suspicious person . "
It 's also when Steven Seagal 's aikido - trained eyeballs turn on theirthings happen then : the camera zooms in and white light fills the screen .
This allows viewers to then see the black people , I mean 107s , as Steven Seagal does -- digitally zoomed and pulsing with crime !
If I did n't know any better , all these visual effects would make me think that Steven Seagal was transforming into the Hulk .
And I do n't know any better , so look out : .
Does it work ?
Besides being racist , the biggest problem with crime vision is that it does n't do a lot to stop people .
Even if it detects that your shirt is too baggy and covered in the word FUBU for you to not have a gun , Seagal and his fellow deputies still have to catch you .
And when Steven Seagal was in his prime , he ran like a penguin was kidding .
In 2009 , you can out - distance him in an elevator .
Steven Seagal is so slow that they film most of his chase scenes with drawings .
In fact , many art historians categorize
A guide has been issued to parents of university graduates
Advice on using " tough love " to motivate children to find a job and leave home after university is being issued to parents by the government .
The guide from the Department for Business , Innovation and Skills admits graduates could find things difficult in the current financial climate .
It warns against nagging but also against being " too supportive " .
The Conservatives have dismissed the measure , saying Lord Mandelson should focus on improving the economy .
BBC reporter Rachel Bulkeley said that with graduate unemployment at its highest level for more than a decade , the idea of staying at the parental home might seem more attractive than ever .
' No laundry '
Official figures released earlier this month showed more people in their late 20s and early 30s were staying put after graduating .
The government 's new guide includes a list of dos and don'ts , and suggests that nagging comes out as the worst approach .
This , the guide says , can make young people more stressed , and graduates should be allowed some time to relax .
But it warns parents against being " too supportive , " saying newly - qualified offspring should be encourage to be realistic , rather than wasting away the years pursuing their dream job .
The guide also advises against allowing a few weeks back home to turn into a few months .
Its solution is to show some " tough love " by not doing their washing and ironing .
Many Years ago I bought Half - Life 2 when it came out .
Then some years passed and I bought the Orange Box during a sale , which also came with a copy of Half - Life 2 .
So here I am years later , and I still have 1 ( one ) copy of Half - Life 2 that I can give away as a ‘ gift . ’
*( If you do not know what Half - Life 2 is , please see the bottom of this page ) *
I thought of selling it , or trying to trade it , but I though it ’d be better to give it away .
And what ’s the best way to get rid of crap stuff you do n’t want ?
A CONTEST !
** UPDATE ** CONTEST CANCELED !!
There were not enough entries to fulfill my contest rules , and it ’s been about a month .
So I am canceling the contest .
Thanks to everyone who entered , sorry about wasting your time .
So here is how you win :
It ’s simple .
Just leave a comment below .
That simple .
I will select one random winner from the comments below .
Some guidelines / rules :
First , if you DO win , you will be required to have a Steam Account and download the Steam software , they have rules and terms of service that you will have to agree to and I have no part of that , so that ’s on you .
( http://store.steampowered.com/).
Steam accounts are free , and costs you nothing unless you buy games with it , etc etc .
The winner will not be receiving a physical copy of the game , it is a digital copy via Steam .
To have a steam account you more than likely will also require a Windows PC with certain system specifications .
You will have to determine if you can run Steam or Half Life 2 on your own .
Second thing :
You need to provide a valid email address when you leave a comment .
I will not share your email addresses with anyone , and I will need to have a valid one to contact to let you know you won .
Once the name is drawn , I will attempt to contact you via the email provided .
If no response has been received within 72 hours , your name will be removed and a new name will be drawn .
So on and so forth until a winner is found .
Third : I will be giving away 1 copy , it is valued at maybe $ 5 - 10 if that .
There are no second place prizes , just one prize .
Fourth :
The contest will go for 1 week , or until at least 25 comments are posted .
That ’s right .
We need to have a minimum of 25 people before I will draw a name .
This means that if a week from now , on Sunday December 20th , there are only 20 entries .
Then the drawing will not happen until there are 5 more .
** UPDATE : Since I have not reached the minimum of 25 entries , I ’m going to let this run until I decide to cancel it or I get 25 .
If by some miracle I get a bunch of entries and hit lucky number 25 , I will start clocking .
Once 25 entries are hit , I will leave the contest open for 24 hours , at that point I will disable comments and pick a lucky winner .
( added Tuesday December 29th )
Fifth : Please only one entry per person .
If I figure out you entered more than once , you will be disqualified from the contest ( and made fun of publicly ) .
Drawing will be held approximately at 8 PM CST Sunday December 20th so long as the conditions listed in ‘ Fourth ’ have been met .
** UPDATE **
At the time scratched out above there were only 13 entries .
Roughly half of the required entries .
So yes , my contest is full of fail .
***
* contest rules may change at any time due to my lack of knowledge in running a contest .*
ALSO : Comments will have to be approved by me , so it may take a few hours as I ca n’t sit here all week approving them .
So if you comment it may take a while .
So be patient .
What is Half Life 2 ?
It ’s a PC game .
You can see more information such as it ’s system requirements and such here
IUS Air Force F - 15E Strike Eagle aircraft from the 335th Expeditionary Fighter Squadron drop 2,000 - pound Joint Direct Attack Munitions on a cave in eastern Afghanistan on Nov. 26 , 2009 .
The 335th is deployed to Bagram Air Field , Afghanistan .
US Air Force photo by Staff Sergeant Michael B. Keller .
A regional Taliban commander and dozens of his followers were killed in a US airstrike in the eastern Afghan province of Kunar .
US strike aircraft hit a Taliban complex in the village of Tsangar Darah in the contested district of watahpur , killing Taliban commander Noor Akbar and dozens of his followers .
“ More than 20 Taliban fighters , including their commander Noor Akbar , were killed in the raid , ” Afghan army General Mohammad Qasim told AFP .
According to Pajhwok Afghan News , 36 Taliban fighters were killed in the airstrike .
US officials did not provide enemy casualty estimates .
The International Security Assistance Force confirmed the strike and said the target was “ a known Taliban stronghold consisting of bunkers and prepared defensive positions in Kunar province . ”
“ The security force targeted the stronghold near the village of Tsangar Darah in the mountainous watahpur district after intelligence sources indicated militant activity at the location , ” ISAF said in a press release .
Today ’s attack in Kunar follows a raid by US Special Forces and Afghan commandos on Dec. 2 that killed Taliban commanders Maulvi Maseehullah and Tawab , two Taliban fighters , and two al Qaeda operatives in the village of Sangar , also in the watahpur district .
Al Qaeda embeds members of its Shadow Army , or the Lashkar al Zil , with Taliban units to provide expertise and training .
Both Kunar and neighboring Nuristan province have been Taliban and al Qaeda hotbeds .
These remote , mountainous provinces border Pakistan ’s northern tribal areas and are a main transit route for Taliban fighters operating in Bajaur , Dir , and Chitral .
Much of Kunar and Nuristan is either contested or under Taliban control .
After the Taliban almost overran combat outposts in Wanat in 2008 and Kamdish in 2009 , the ISAF withdrew from some of the remote bases in Nuristan and Kunar .
The withdrawal began just four days after Combat Outpost Keating in Kamdish was nearly overrun .
The military said the withdrawal was part of a refocusing of efforts to provide security in population centers .
“ Despite Taliban claims , the movement of troops and equipment from the outposts are a part of a previously scheduled transfer , ” the military continued .
“ The remote outposts were established as part of a previous security strategy to stop or prevent the flow of militants into the region . ”
The Taliban took advantage of the withdrawal and openly began to administer the areas uncontested .
The Taliban reaped a propaganda windfall by releasing video of Taliban fighters occupying Keating .
The Taliban and al Qaeda also said the abandonment of outposts in the area has freed resources to conduct attacks in Pakistan and in other areas in Afghanistan .
The withdrawal of ISAF forces will force the military to increasingly rely on airstrikes and special operations raids , a US military official told The Long War Journal .
“ Kunar and Nuristan have become magnets in the northeast and we ’re eventually going to have to deal with that problem , ” the official said .
While “ surge ” forces of more than 30,000 US and 7,000 European forces will largely focus on the Afghan South and East , Nuristan and Kunar “ will be dealt with accordingly , ” he continued .
Bill Roggio is a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the Editor of FDD 's Long War Journal .
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD 's Long War Journal ?
Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years ?
Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one - time or monthly donation .
Thanks for reading !
You can make a tax - deductible donation here .
MEXICO CITY ( Reuters ) - Complaints of torture , murder and illegal detention by the Mexican army have jumped as soldiers have been dragged into a long , gruesome battle with powerful drug cartels , Amnesty International said on Tuesday .
Forensic personnel prepare to remove the body of a man killed during a shootout between drug hitmen and soldiers in the municipality of Juarez , on the outskirts of Monterrey December 4 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Tomas Bravo
Mexico ’s national human rights commission received some 2,000 accusations of abuse by the military in 2008 and the first six months of 2009 , a sharp jump from 367 complaints in 2007 and 182 in 2006 , the rights group said in a report .
In one case documented by Amnesty , 31 - year - old Saul Becerra was picked up in an army raid at a car wash in Ciudad Juarez , near the U.S. - Mexico border .
His body was found a year later and his death certificate showed he died the day after his detention of a severe brain hemorrhage from blunt - force trauma .
“ The cases that we have been able to investigate are truly shocking .
But what is more shocking is that we know that this is only the tip of the iceberg , ” Kerrie Howard , deputy director of Amnesty ’s Americas program , said in a statement .
President Felipe Calderon has deployed 49,000 soldiers across Mexico to combat the feuding drug cartels who control cocaine trafficking from South America , produce methamphetamines and grow marijuana for U.S. consumers .
The army has failed to curb violence with more than 16,000 people killed in the drug war since Calderon took office in late 2006 and the president risks losing public support for his military - backed crackdown .
In a sign of the intensity of the fight , suspected drug gang members attacked a police helicopter in the northern state of Durango on Tuesday , provoking a fierce battle with soldiers in which 10 assailants died , police and the army said .
Thousands of people protested against the army presence in Ciudad Juarez on Sunday , calling for troops to leave .
Mexico ’s interior ministry said in a statement it would look seriously at Amnesty ’s report and that the army was committed to protecting human rights .
Generals in Mexico City deny systematic rights abuses by soldiers and say any troops caught working for the cartels or failing to respect human rights are tried in military courts .
U.S. AID TIED TO RIGHTS
The army has taken on more policing roles because many of Mexico ’s police forces are working for the drug gangs , and soldiers often clash with local law enforcement .
In March , 25 police officers were detained by the military , held incommunicado for 41 days and tortured to illicit false confessions , the Amnesty report said .
One police officer told human rights investigators how he was beaten for hours until he fainted and was given electric shocks on his feet and genitals .
Other people detained by the army said they were suffocated temporarily with plastic bags or told they would be executed .
The United States has promised Mexico $ 1.4 billion in aid to boost Calderon ’s anti-drug campaign but so far only about 2 percent , or $ 26 million , has been spent in Mexico , said a recent report from the U.S. government accountability office .
Fifteen percent of the drug aid can be withheld if there are legitimate complaints of human rights abuses committed by the Mexican army .
But President Barack Obama said on a visit to Mexico earlier this year that the drug traffickers were the biggest violators of human rights .
Earlier today , Richard Branson ’s Virgin Galatic unveiled the amazing SpaceShipTwo space tourism vehicle .
SpaceShipTwo will carry six tourists at a time to 65 miles above the surface of the earth , beyond the Apogee of where our atmosphere ends and space begins .
Passengers will experience the full weightlessness of space and unparalleled views of the Earth before returning safely to land .
While SpaceShipTwo has not yet been live tested , its completion and introduction to the press is a significant step toward public space travel .
SpaceShipTwo will be carried by a mother ship , the WhiteNightTwo , to a suborbital altitude of 9.5 miles before it undocks and launches its own thrusters into pure black space .
Not long after , it ’s final altitude will be reached and its passengers will join the lucky few to have ever entered the expansive reaches of space .
The ticket price for travel into this final frontier is suggested to run at $ 200,000 each for a trip that lasts roughly two - and - a - half hours .
While it ’ll be a few years until SpaceShipTwo ’s maiden voyage , that ’ll at least give us some time to start saving our pennies to boldly go where few have gone before .
[ via discovery ]
SpaceShipTwo Gallery
A release from the National Shooting Sports Foundation , received via email :
As demand for ammunition continues to outpace supply , it is critically important that an amendment authored by Rep. Sam Graves ( R - Mo. ) to a seemingly obscure hazardous material bill ( HR 4016 ) be attached to the legislation during consideration on the House floor .
When the bill passed out of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee , Rep. Graves secured a commitment from Rep. James Oberstar ( D - Minn. ) , chairman of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee , to allow a vote on this amendment .
The amendment being pushed by Graves will help protect the shipment of materials necessary for the manufacturing of ammunition .
Without the Graves Amendment , the rate of production will slip , perhaps precipitously .
In - turn , decreased production of ammunition will lead to decreased availability .
This will lead to an increase in ammunition prices directly affecting consumers .
Given the current high demand for ammunition , passage of the Graves Amendment should be considered critical to gun owners , law enforcement and the military .
Floor action on the bill is anticipated within the next three weeks .
The National Shooting Sports Foundation ( NSSF )  the trade association for the firearms and ammunition industry  is encouraging all hunters and sportsmen to contact Rep. Oberstar and urge him to support the Graves Amendment .
Chairman Oberstar intends to bring HR 4016 to the floor prior to the end of the session ( most likely between Dec. 8 and 22 ) , so time is of the essence .
Congressman Oberstar can be reached at : ( 202 ) 225-6211
At the Top of the Food ChainWith a thick covering of blubber , two layers of fur , small ears and a short tail , the polar bear is perfectly adapted for survival in the icy north .
For the polar bear the problem is not the cold but overheating , which is why it prefers to move at a leisurely pace .
The polar bear roams the Arctic Ocean and surrounding seas , including Canada ’s Hudson Bay to the south .
As the top of the food chain in the Arctic , the polar bear spends most of the year on the frozen sea , hunting for seals .....
In Western Hudson Bay , the ice now breaks up three weeks earlier than it did in the early 1970s .
Starvation has already reduced the survival rate of cubs and young bears , and made bears of all ages less healthy .
Within the next 35 to 50 years , a decline in the overall polar bear population of more than 30 % is expected , and within 100 years they may become extirpated from most of their geographic range .
Photograph : Norbert Rosing/guardian.co.uk
The warrant is thought to have been issued after an application by pro-Palestinian lawyers but was later rescinded when it emerged that Mrs Livni , who is now leader of the Israeli opposition , had cancelled her trip to Britain .
The F1 Sporting Working Group has been asked to come up with new ideas to “ improve the show ” in F1 in 2010 .
But the best decision to improve the show was taken this time last year .
After 16 years , refuelling during the race is finally being banned .
This will make F1 more exciting , easier to follow , less expensive and safer .
1. Qualifying will be more exciting
For the past few years whenever a driver pulled a quick lap out of the bag to snatch pole position the response was not “ what a great lap ” but “ How much fuel has he got on board ? ”
Next year when a driver hangs it all out and grabs the number one spot by a few thousandths we ’ll know it ’s because of what he got out of the car and not how little fuel was put in it .
The nay - sayers who insist it will lead to the fastest car always starting from pole position should pause to consider the last season in which we had proper low - fuel qualifying .
Juan Pablo Montoya started from pole position seven times in 2002 – but never won a race .
Read more : Real qualifying returns in 2010
2. Easier to compare drivers ’ performances
With all drivers qualifying on low fuel we will be able to tell very easily who got the most out of their car over a single lap – especially between team mates .
The tedious and contrived calculations about who did the best ‘ fuel - adjusted ’ lap will go in the bin .
3 . Easier to follow races at the track
Sat at home with the television broadcast , F1.com ’s timing screen and , of course , the F1 Fanatic live blogs , it ’s easy to keep on top of the race strategies .
But sat in the rain at Pouhon without a TV screen , no Kangaroo reception and the tannoy drowned out by the scream of the engines , who knows which driver is on what strategy .
Yes , they ’ll still be tyre stops in 2010 , but the added complexity of different fuel loads will be gone , making it a lot easier to follow a race .
That can only be a good thing for the accessibility of the sport .
4. Racing will be less artificial
Although knockout qualifying has brought an exciting dimension to Saturdays , it has created the strange phenomenon where drivers on row six can be better - placed strategically because they did n’t make it into the final ten and therefore have free reign on their fuel strategy .
In short , qualifying ninth or tenth can put you at a disadvantage compared to starting 11th or 12th .
This artificial advantage will be neutered in 2010 .
5 . It will save the teams money
This is the main reason why refuelling is being axed – and it ’s a sound one .
Lugging a pair of refuelling rigs per team around the world is n’t cheap , especially when there ’s a bunch more new teams showing up .
Read more :
The cost - cutting plans : refuelling ban
6 . No more fuel - saving means they ’re flat out all the way
If the widespread use of in - car radio in F1 has shown us anything it ’s that as soon as drivers get stuck behind a rival they concentrate more on trying to save fuel – and therefore pit later and more advantageously – than trying to overtake .
I doubt banning refuelling will lead to a lot more overtaking – that problem is more to do with the aerodynamic sensitivity of the cars and , to a lesser extent , track layouts .
But it will at least remove an incentive for a driver to sit back and not try to overtake , which can only be a good thing .
7 . Race strategy will be more interesting and exciting
Banning refuelling does not mean the death of race strategy .
Instead , Grands Prix will have a strategic dimension which has more interesting consequences for the racing .
Now it will be all about which drivers can get through the race on a single tyre stop , nursing their car in the early stages on a heavy fuel load , and which ones have to make an extra stop .
Already some commentators are talking up the chances of drivers who are kind to their tyres ( like the current world champion ) versus those who might not be ( like the last one ) .
When the refuelling rules were brought in for 1994 the governing body ignored the fact that this very facet of the rules allowed for one of the rare occasions when the dominant Williams of 1993 was beaten by a lesser car on a dry track .
Michael Schumacher elected not to make his final stop for tyres at Estoril and clung onto his lead despite being chased down by Alain Prost in the closing stages .
There are rumours the governing body is considering making two pit stops mandatory in 2010 .
That would be a terrible idea as it would completely kill any potential for strategic variety .
Instead , they should go in the opposite direction and remove the present need for drivers to make at least one pit stop .
8. Fairer competition
F1 has never been properly set up for refuelling , in the modern era at least .
F1 pits only permit one car to be serviced at any given time , forcing teams to run drivers on at least slightly different strategies .
So on occasions where the safety car has been deployed we have seen drivers ’ races ruined because they had to queue up behind their team mate before they could take on fuel .
It ’s disappointing no - one tried to fix this problem in the last 16 years , but at least it wo n’t matter any more now .
9 . Harder for teams to favour one driver
There is no question there is always one fuel strategy that is superior to another – even if the difference is only a lap here or there .
Without refuelling it ’s going to be a lot harder to have those “ Team X always favours Driver Y ” arguments in 2010 .
10 .
More challenging for the drivers
No - one ’s saying F1 is easy .
But at the moment F1 drivers have to prepare their cars to work within a weight range of around 630 kg to 700 kg .
That range will be roughly doubled next year , leaving them having to prepare cars that will handle radically different at the start of the race to the end , with lap times falling by around five seconds during the race .
That opens up a far greater scope for variety in set-ups , strategies and performance – not to mention potential for people to get things wrong and end up with a car that destroys its tyres at the beginning of a race or ca n’t get heat into them at the end .
11 . More exciting pit stops
The pit stops that do happen will be brief , exciting bursts of energy as teams scramble to get four tyres off and on the cars as quickly as possible .
As refuelling almost always takes longer than a tyre change the pressure on the mechanics has been less severe in recent year .
But in 2010 how quickly they turn the car around will determine how little time their man loses .
In 1993 Benetton whittled their best tyre change time down to a blink - and - you ’ll - miss - it 3.2 seconds .
Will any of the teams be able to top that next year ?
Read more : A brief history of pit stops in F1
12 . No more races ruined by rigs
Despite having 16 years to perfect refuelling rigs , last year faults were still causing drivers to receive too little fuel , ruining their races – notably for Felipe Massa at Catalunya .
No more will we see a closely - fought battle between two drivers spoiled because one of their races was ruined by a dodgy rig .
13 . Improved safety
Just as 16 years of development has n’t stopped fuel rigs from failing , it also failed to weed out refuelling fires .
There was a spate of fires at the Hungarian Grand Prix last year and more incidents this year too .
The trade - off for that is that cars will be carrying much more fuel at the start of a race , which is potentially an increased risk .
However cars today are far less likely to catch fire on impact and marshals are much quicker at arriving on the scene than they used to be .
On balance I suspect we ’re better off this way .
14 . Overtaking will be more important
A battle for position is more exciting when it ’s significant .
A driver on a lighter fuel load breezing past a much heavier car is less compelling because you know he ’ll eventually have to pit and , in all likelihood , lose the position again .
Next year when a driver passes another it ’s much more likely to be decisive .
I ’d far rather see that than an occasional jumbling of the order just because some drivers have pitted to refuel .
I know some people are unconvinced about the refuelling ban – especially those who did n’t watch F1 before 1994 .
There are downsides to the refuelling ban but I think they are vastly outweighed by the benefits .
Tell me what you think in the comments .
F1 2010 rules : Refuelling ban
Image ( C ) Williams / LAT , Ford.com , Renault / LAT
NEW YORK --
Do n't be suckered into thinking the recent plunge in gold prices means a bubble has burst .
It 's just too early to say if it 's just a pop .
My bet : Bullion 's bull market remains intact because the factors fueling the rally have n't disappeared .
Last Friday , the price of gold saw its biggest one - day drop since March 2008 .
It slid to $ 1,142.50 a troy ounce in London on Monday from an all - time high around $ 1,218.25 Thursday following Friday 's modestly favorable employment news .
Reuters
That 's a mere 6 % blip in a year - to - date surge of approximately 31 % .
" It is a correction in a long - term uptrend , " says Jeffrey Nichols , senior economic adviser to Rosalind Capital .
It 's a trend he sees lasting " at least another couple of years . "
Nichols ' reasons :
Loose monetary and fiscal policy that could lead to inflation , resurgent demand for the metal by central banks , increased investment interest from institutions and individuals , and declining worldwide mine output .
Two of the items worthy of further discussion : Investment demand and loose monetary policy .
Investment demand is important because although historically the majority of gold has been used for making jewelry , high gold prices are highly correlated with strong investment demand .
Does buying gold make sense now ?
A quick look at the bullion holdings of the SPDR Gold Shares exchange - traded fund GLD , - 0.60 % shows investors were n't bailing last week .
The fund only saw a drop of about 1.5 metric tons Friday .
That 's miniscule compared with the current total of approximately 1,130 tons .
On monetary expansion , James Turk , founder of GoldMoney.com , says , " The amount of new money created during the financial crisis has debased the dollar more rapidly than the gold price has risen . "
So in his view there is still more upside .
But none of this means that gold prices will go up in a straight line .
In fact , prices could retreat quite substantially and still leave the uptrend intact .
So how low can it go before folks start to get worried ?
A correction back to $ 1,000 would n't be crazy , explains John Roque , a technical analyst at WJB Capital Group in Manhattan , in a recent research report .
Presumably , the uptrend could resume after a downward or sideways move , which gets me to my initial point :
The truth is we 'll have to wait and see .
At family gatherings , the young Afghan with the scraggly beard instinctively sits with the children , before others remind him that he is a man now .
Old friends he last saw when they were flying kites are now in college , married with children , enjoying their careers .
He ’s happy for them , but he feels like he ’s watching life flash by and he ’s not a part of it .
These are the shadows of the lost youth of Mohammed Jawad , the Afghan who many believe was Guantanamo ’s youngest prisoner .
“ There are such huge changes I need to catch up with , ” he says .
“ I ’ve missed a lot . ”
Advertisement
Six inches taller and 40 pounds heavier than when he left his country nearly seven years ago , Jawad alternately smiles shyly , tenses with anger , then smiles again , the mood swings of someone trying to figure out how he lost a third of his life .
The odyssey that would send Jawad , who says he ’s 19 , to a forbidding facility half a world away started on a chilly day in mid-December 2002 , shortly after he and his mother moved to Kabul from a Pakistani refugee camp .
He was about 12 , he says , and had spent the day helping his uncle dig a well before heading out to buy some tea .
He says he was grabbed by police who beat him and threatened to kill his family unless he put his thumbprint to paper and admitted he ’d tried to kill two U.S. soldiers .
The Pashto speaker , largely illiterate , did n’t understand their Persian and had little idea what he ’d agreed to , he says .
A U.S. judge would later agree .
Advertisement
That day , a grenade had been thrown at a U.S. Army vehicle , injuring the two soldiers and an interpreter .
Jawad was charged with attempted murder based on the confession , held at Kabul ’s Bagram air base , then moved to the military prison at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , in early February 2003 .
His attorneys and human rights groups maintain he was the youngest to enter the notorious prison .
The Pentagon insists he was close to adulthood at the time , citing a bone scan done when he arrived at Guantanamo that suggested he was closer to 17 .
Jawad says his father died fighting the Soviets in Afghanistan in the 1980s , which , if true , would make him older than 12 when he was arrested .
Like many Afghans , he has no birth certificate .
Many in the Justice and Defense departments still maintain Jawad is guilty .
His relatives initially did n’t tell his mother that her only son had disappeared , pretending for two months that he was with family .
After nine months , a letter from Jawad arrived via the Red Cross , blacked out by censors except for one sentence : “ I ’m in prison . ”
Advertisement
Over the years they managed an occasional letter and a few calls , which mostly consisted of Jawad crying .
Eventually , military and civilian judges threw out most of the Pentagon ’s evidence against Jawad , with U.S. District Judge Ellen Huvelle describing the case as an outrage “ riddled with holes . ”
In August , Jawad was set free .
U.S. soldiers kept him shackled during the long flight back .
On arrival , Afghan officials removed his handcuffs , whisking him by car and helicopter to meet President Hamid Karzai , who gave Jawad clothes to replace his prison uniform and promised him a house and some money .
Late that night , Jawad finally saw his mother , who did n’t recognize him .
She made him show her a special mark on his head , then promptly fainted .
He hardly slept his first two days back , his family says , talking nonstop as if making up for the lost years .
Advertisement
--
In the family ’s 30 - by - 10 - foot greeting hall , decorated with an inexpensive red carpet , he welcomes a stream of well - wishers .
These days , the shy young man from the Kuchi nomadic tribe -- traditional migrants in Afghanistan and Pakistan -- ca n’t walk down the street without strangers coming up to him , kissing his forehead in a traditional show of respect .
But he suffers from frequent headaches , he says , and often rests during the day .
Prison memories haunt him , something doctors warn may never end .
He worries about those left behind , his de facto family .
He ’s out and they ’re not , and that ’s a source of guilt .
Though the Obama administration has said it will close Guantanamo , hundreds of detainees remain there and at Bagram .
Advertisement
He asks a reporter to tell President Obama , the United Nations , someone , to help them .
“ People there are sick , ” he says .
“ They should be treated .
They should be freed . ”
As his anger rises , his uncle tells him not to think about the lost years .
But it spills out .
He talks about having his hands bound behind his back and being forced to eat like a dog , being kicked , beaten and pepper - sprayed and subjected to excessive heat , loud noise , solitary confinement .
After a year , Guantanamo records show , Jawad tried to commit suicide by banging his head against his cell wall repeatedly .
Advertisement
“ I was tortured and faced many problems , ” he says .
“ They also play with your mind . ”
His jailers refused to put him with other Afghans , he said , only with Arabs whose language he did n’t understand .
He says officials hung heartwarming pictures of families in the interrogation room , then asked about his family .
They repeatedly denied his requests for school books or a Pashto dictionary .
Guantanamo military officials did not immediately respond to questions about his alleged mistreatment .
As with many things at Guantanamo , it ’s difficult to verify exactly what happened to Jawad there .
A Defense Department official , speaking on background given the sensitivity of the issue , says Jawad was older than he claims , that a lot of people still think he threw the grenade , and that it ’s always been U.S. policy to treat prisoners humanely .
Advertisement
A Justice Department official who asked not to be identified says the case was dropped when conditions changed .
“ He was held so long with evidence based on torture , ” the official says .
“ The president decided , one , that we wo n’t torture and , two , that we wo n’t rely on statements based on torture .
It ’s not really lessons learned .
It was the result of a policy choice the president made . ”
Jawad says only faith and a Koran prevented him from going insane .
Isolated , he forgot basic words in his own language .
He learned a little English , but consciously avoided learning everything .
“ The guards used many bad words that I did n’t want to pick up , ” he says .
Advertisement
Family members say he ’s slowly coming out of his shell .
In recent weeks , he ’s become less angry and irritable , sleeps better and has fewer headaches .
“ Afghanistan society ’s emphasis on community and family could be very helpful , ” says Katherine Porterfield , clinical co-director at the Bellevue / NYU Program for Survivors of Torture , who examined him .
“ But honestly , he ’s still very frightened . ”
--
After Jawad returned home , one of the first things he did was wolf down a huge plate of mutton and rice after years of tasteless prison food .
He ’s enjoying his freedom , shopping and trying to make sense of cultural references , TV programs , Kabul society .
Advertisement
He wants to resume his education , he says , even if it means sitting with 13 - year - olds at tiny desks .
He ’s started thinking about longer - term plans -- a good sign , says a child care expert working with him who asked not to be identified to protect Jawad and herself .
He even is starting to show a sense of humor .
UNICEF , his lawyers and other civic groups are trying to get him psychological care , education and job training , as well as money for some basic living expenses .
The financial help promised by Karzai -- now embroiled in election controversy -- has not yet materialized .
Critics question why the U.S. government has done so little to help him and other longtime Guantanamo and secret - site prisoners adjust after they ’re released , much like halfway houses ease the transition for regular prisoners .
“ We need to do more than just dump him on the corner with a bus ticket after seven years and say , ‘ Have a nice day , ’ ” says Jawad ’s lawyer , Eric Montalvo , who left the U.S. military in August .
“ If you ’re trying to win the hearts and minds of Afghanis , I ca n’t think of a better investment . ”
Advertisement
The Defense Department official says such a program would be too costly , and given officials ’ worries about alleged terrorist links , “ we do n’t want to give them money to buy equipment that could come back to hurt us . ”
Jawad ’s family is now mulling a lawsuit , which his lawyer says could be filed within the next month .
Out in the family ’s small enclosed courtyard in a modest Kabul neighborhood , two chickens fight and a child plays with a pump handle as Jawad contemplated his future .
He wants to be a doctor , he says , so he can do something good for people .
Advertisement
“ That ’s my dream , ” he says .
“ I do n’t know if it ’s possible .
But that ’s my dream . ”
--
mark.magnier@latimes.com
WESTMINSTER –
The owner of a Fountain Valley shop that sells African handicrafts , reggae gear , and glass pipes was in court this morning on charges of allowing a marijuana sale at his store .
Bigira Mustafa David Prince KiroKiro , known to friends as Kiro , had a pre-trial hearing in West Justice Center along with David Antonio Salinas in a case that centers on $ 20 and a 1.4 gram bud of marijuana .
An undercover Fountain Valley police detective went to African Corner at 16511 Brookhurst St. on Sept. 22 and asked Kiro if she could buy some “ herb , ” according to a search warrant .
Kiro said his “ guy ” would have some later , according to the warrant .
When the detective came back an hour later , Kiro directed her to Salinas , who was sitting next to the front counter , telling him , “ Hey , you have a customer , ” according to the warrant .
Salinas went to the trunk of his car and pulled a bud of marijuana from a baggie , and gave it to the detective for $ 20 , the warrant said .
On Thursday Oct. 15 , police served a search warrant on Salinas ’ car and Kiro ’s store , which it called a head shop .
According to the warrant , they found a baggie of marijuana and a pipe in a desk drawer in the office , as well as two baggies and a jar of marijuana in Salinas ’ car .
They also seized pipes for sale in the display case .
Kiro and Salinas apparently spent a weekend in jail , as they were arraigned in custody the following Monday , according to court records .
Both have been charged with a felony count of sale or transport of marijuana .
Salinas also faces a felony possession for sale charge , while Kiro faces a felony charge of opening a location for the purpose of using or selling drugs .
According to a Web site for a charity Kiro operates , the business used to be located in Costa Mesa but had to move .
Kiro is one of three board members of a small charity called the Moses Kazibwe Memorial Fund for African Children , granted 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) nonprofit status by the Internal Revenue Service in 2003 .
Kiro raises money through benefit concerts , a jar on the counter at the shop and during weekend drum circles .
The money is used for schooling , HIV education , condoms , and medical supplies for poor and homeless children in Africa , according to the fund ’s online literature .
In its tax filings for the years 2006 - 2008 , the fund donated $ 17,241 for various small projects in Burundi and Rwanda .
Kiro fled the latter country in the early 90s during the Tutsi genocide and came to the United States , according to the fund .
Neither Kiro nor Salinas has a criminal record in Orange County other than traffic violations .
Another pre-trial hearing in the case was set for Dec. 17 .
Join our Gaming Community !
Join our Gaming Community !
Join our Gaming Community !
Join our Gaming Community !
With the advent of commercial satellite imaging , it has become possible to track developments that were once exclusively the domain of space and spy agencies .
Groups like the Federation of American Scientists and the American Association for the Advancement of Science have used changes between consecutive images to track everything from the Chinese nuclear program to human rights abuses in Sudan .
Each of these efforts , however , have required people to examine the images .
Google has now cooperated with some researchers to produce an algorithm that will scan consecutive images of forests in order to detect areas that are being cut .
Right now , it 's still testing the system , but it plans on providing free access to the software for researchers who are interested in studying forests , and governments that are trying to manage them .
The project was announced today in Copenhagen , where delegates are meeting to negotiate a treaty that may limit greenhouse gas emissions .
Forests play a significant role in the global carbon cycle ; clearing them liberates significant amounts of carbon , a process that takes decades to reverse .
Growing forests can help sequester significant amounts of carbon , and there is evidence that even mature forests continue to sequester smaller amounts .
As a result , land use changes have contributed to humanity 's carbon emissions , and countries that preserve or expand their wooded areas have argued that they deserve emissions credits for doing so .
But actually tracking the changes in forestation can be a significant challenge , since it generally takes place across vast tracks of remote land and satellite imagery may be beyond the financial reach of developing - world governments or the research organizations that work with them .
Furthermore , it 's essential that nations use a standardized , validated method of measuring changes , or it will leave any emissions tracking system open to misinterpretation , and any credit system open to abuse .
The new Google effort , which was announced on its blog today , aims to provide those standardized tools .
Google has been cooperating with charitable groups like the MacArthur and Gordon and Betty Moore Foundations to support the development of software tools that help analyze satellite imagery to detect changes and trends in forest cover and health .
These tools have now been ported to run on Google 's cloud computing service , and to leverage the archive of satellite images it hosts for its Maps and Earth services .
Right now , the software is still undergoing testing by some of Google 's partners — insert your joke about the company 's penchant for near - perpetual betas here — but the company expects to expand the organizations with access to it next year .
But , even as things stand , there 's a large and impressive list of organizations that are involved with the work .
When it 's ready to go live , access to the service will be provided for free through the company 's Google.org initiative .
So far , the news coming out of the Copenhagen meeting has been dominated by statements meant to inform policymakers of the current state of the climate .
These have included a preliminary estimate that places this decade as the warmest in the instrumental record , and an update on the progression and consequences of ocean acidification .
Although these may inform the current negotiations , it 's rather refreshing to see the release of a tool that has the potential to inform future scientific and policy discussions .
You know an economy is n’t healthy when banks are using as much of their money to buy government debt as they are to make loans to businesses .
That ’s just what ’s happening right now .
According to the Federal Reserve ’s latest weekly measure of bank assets and liabilities , released every Friday , banks held 1.37 trillion of Treasury and Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac debt securities at the end of October and $ 1.37 trillion of commercial and industrial loans .
We ’ve seen this movie before — in the early 1990s after the savings and loan crisis and in the early part of this decade , after the tech bust Treasury holdings exceeded business lending .
What ’s stark about the latest version is that business lending is falling so fast and Treasury purchases are rising so fast .
At the end of October , business loans were down 17 % from a year earlier , while Treasury and agency debt holdings were up 8 % .
Total bank loans and leases are down 8 % .
These trends are important for several reasons .
First , this helps explain why yields on Treasury bonds are so low even with mammoth U.S. budget deficits .
Credit - wary U.S. banks are helping to finance this deficit because they ’re afraid to put their money anywhere else .
They can still earn a good , low - risk return buy borrowing very cheap short - term money and parking it in higher yielding Treasury bonds .
They ’re not the sole factor , but they contribute .
Second , this should help to allay some of the market ’s concerns about inflation .
It ’s hard to get inflation when unemployment is so high .
It is also hard to get it when banks are n’t lending money .
This is one factor that is likely to keep the Fed on hold for some time .
The central bank puts out its Senior Loan Officer Survey this afternoon , a quarterly survey on lender attitudes about extending credit .
In the July survey , loan officers said decreased loan demand and deteriorating credit quality were driving the contraction in business lending .
Most banks also said they expected their lending standards across all loan categories would remain tighter than average until at least the second half of 2010 .
Guest Post by Willis Eschenbach
Figure 1 . The Experimental Setup
I keep reading statements in various places about how it is indisputable “ simple physics ” that if we increase the amount of atmospheric CO2 , it will inevitably warm the planet .
Here ’s a typical example :
In the hyperbolic language that has infested the debate , researchers have been accused of everything from ditching the scientific method to participating in a vast conspiracy .
But the basic concepts of the greenhouse effect is a matter of simple physics and chemistry , and have been part of the scientific dialog for roughly a century .
Here ’s another :
The important thing is that we know how greenhouse gases affect climate .
It has even been predicted hundred years ago by Arrhenius .
It is simple physics .
Unfortunately , while the physics is simple , the climate is far from simple .
It is one of the more complex systems that we have ever studied .
The climate is a tera - watt scale planetary sized heat engine .
It is driven by both terrestrial and extra- terrestrial forcings , a number of which are unknown , and many of which are poorly understood and / or difficult to measure .
It is inherently chaotic and turbulent , two conditions for which we have few mathematical tools .
The climate is composed of five major subsystems — atmosphere , ocean , cryosphere , lithosphere , and biosphere .
All of these subsystems are imperfectly understood .
Each of these subsystems has its own known and unknown internal and external forcings , feedbacks , resonances , and cyclical variations .
In addition , each subsystem affects all of the other subsystems through a variety of known and unknown forcings and feedbacks .
Then there is the problem of scale .
Climate has crucially important processes at physical scales from the molecular to the planetary , and at temporal scales from milliseconds to millennia .
As a result of this almost unimaginable complexity , simple physics is simply inadequate to predict the effect of a change in one of the hundreds and hundreds of things that affect the climate .
I will give two examples of why “ simple physics ” does n’t work with the climate — a river , and a block of steel .
I ’ll start with a thought experiment with the block of steel .
Suppose that I want to find out about how temperature affects solids .
I take a 75 kg block of steel , and I put the bottom end of it in a bucket of hot water .
I duct tape a thermometer to the top end in the best experimental fashion , and I start recording how the temperature change with time .
At first , nothing happens .
So I wait .
And soon , the temperature of the other end of the block of steel starts rising .
Hey , simple physics , right ?
To verify my results , I try the experiment with a block of copper .
I get the same result , the end of the block that ’s not in the hot water soon begins to warm up .
I try it with a block of glass , same thing .
My tentative conclusion is that simple physics says that if you heat one end of a solid , the other end will eventually heat up as well .
So I look around for a final test .
Not seeing anything obvious , I have a flash of insight .
I weigh about 75 kg .
So I sit with my feet in the bucket of hot water , put the thermometer in my mouth , and wait for my head to heat up .
This experimental setup is shown in Figure 1 above .
After all , simple physics is my guideline , I know what ’s going to happen , I just have to wait .
And wait … and wait …
As our thought experiment shows , simple physics may simply not work when applied to a complex system .
The problem is that there are feedback mechanisms that negate the effect of the hot water on my cold toes .
My body has a preferential temperature which is not set by the external forcings .
For a more nuanced view of what is happening , let ’s consider the second example , a river .
Again , a thought experiment .
I take a sheet of plywood , and I cover it with some earth .
I tilt it up so it slopes from one edge to the other .
For our thought experiment , we ’ll imagine that this is a hill that goes down to the ocean .
I place a steel ball at the top edge of the earth - covered plywood , and I watch what happens .
It rolls , as simple physics predicts , straight down to the lower edge .
I try it with a wooden ball , and get the same result .
I figure maybe it ’s because of the shape of the object .
So I make a small wooden sled , and put it on the plywood .
Again , it slides straight down to the ocean .
I try it with a miniature steel shed , same result .
It goes directly downhill to the ocean as well .
Simple physics , understood by Isaac Newton .
As a final test , I take a hose and I start running some water down from the top edge of my hill to make a model river .
To my surprise , although the model river starts straight down the hill , it soon starts to wander .
Before long , it has formed a meandering stream , which changes its course with time .
Sections of the river form long loops , the channel changes , loops are cut off , new channels form , and after while we get something like this :
Figure 2 . Meanders , oxbow bends , and oxbow lakes in a river system .
Note the old channels where the river used to run .
The most amazing part is that the process never stops .
No matter how long we run the river experiment , the channel continues to change .
What ’s going on here ?
Well , the first thing that we can conclude is that , just as in our experiment with the steel block , simple physics simply does n’t work in this situation .
Simple physics says that things roll straight downhill , and clearly , that ai n’t happening here … it is obvious we need better tools to analyze the flow of the river .
Are there mathematical tools that we can use to understand this system ?
Yes , but they are not simple .
The breakthrough came in the 1990’s , with the discovery by Adrian Bejan of the Constructal Law .
The Constructal Law applies to all flow systems which are far from equilibrium , like a river or the climate .
It turns out that these types of flow systems are not passive systems which can take up any configuration .
Instead , they actively strive to maximize some aspect of the system .
For the river , as for the climate , the system strives to maximize the sum of the energy moved and the energy lost through turbulence .
See the discussion of these principles here , here , here , and here .
There is also a website devoted to various applications of the Constructal Law here .
There are several conclusions that we can make from the application of the Constructal Law to flow systems :
1 . Any flow system far from equilibrium is not free to take up any form as the climate models assume .
Instead , it has a preferential state which it works actively to achieve .
2 . This preferential state , however , is never achieved .
Instead , the system constantly overshoots and undershoots that state , and does not settle down to one final form .
The system never stops modifying its internal aspects to move towards the preferential state .
3 . The results of changes in such a flow system are often counterintuitive .
For example , suppose we want to shorten the river .
Simple physics says it should be easy .
So we cut through an oxbow bend , and it makes the river shorter … but only for a little while .
Soon the river readjusts , and some other part of the river becomes longer .
The length of the river is actively maintained by the system .
Contrary to our simplistic assumptions , the length of the river is not changed by our actions .
So that ’s the problem with “ simple physics ” and the climate .
For example , simple physics predicts a simple linear relationship between the climate forcings and the temperature .
People seriously believe that a change of X in the forcings will lead inevitably to a chance of A * X in the temperature .
This is called the “ climate sensitivity ” , and is a fundamental assumption in the climate models .
The IPCC says that if CO2 doubles , we will get a rise of around 3C in the global temperature .
However , there is absolutely no evidence to support that claim , only computer models .
But the models assume this relationship , so they can not be used to establish the relationship .
However , as rivers clearly show , there is no such simple relationship in a flow system far from equilibrium .
We ca n’t cut through an oxbow to shorten the river , it just lengthens elsewhere to maintain the same total length .
Instead of being affected by a change in the forcings , the system sets its own preferential operating conditions ( e.g. length , temperature , etc. ) based on the natural constraints and flow possibilities and other parameters of the system .
Final conclusion ?
Because climate is a flow system far from equilibrium , it is ruled by the Constructal Law .
As a result , there is no physics - based reason to assume that increasing CO2 will make any difference to the global temperature , and the Constructal Law gives us reason to think that it may make no difference at all .
In any case , regardless of Arrhenius , the “ simple physics ” relationship between CO2 and global temperature is something that we cannot simply assume to be true .
Sponsored IT training links :
Download RH302 questions & answers with self paced 70 - 270 practice test to prepare and pass 646-985 exam .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Domestic Violence Lawyer in Scottsdale , Arizona
Assisting Clients with Orders of Protection in Domestic Violence Cases in Scottsdale and Phoenix , AZ
While the Law Office of Karen Schoenau maintains a strong family law practice , we also serve our clients ’ needs in other important matters , including domestic violence .
Our experienced attorneys often handle domestic violence cases , bringing and contesting motions for orders for protection and injunctions against harassment ( commonly referred to as “ restraining orders ” ) .
We are familiar with the court system and do not hesitate to take every action necessary to help you achieve the results you depend on .
We know that everyone ’s situation is different .
No one deserves violence , and we fight hard to protect our clients from harm .
If you are a victim of domestic violence , you have every right to petition the courts for an order for protection .
We can help .
At the same time , we are aware that orders for protection are often unfairly used to gain leverage in a divorce or child custody proceeding .
In these cases , we do whatever it takes within the bounds of the law to protect our clients ’ rights .
The consequences of having an order for protection against you can be serious .
They can have a permanent effect on your relationship with your children .
And can lead to more long - lasting criminal implications .
Talk to a Lawyer About the Law on Domestic Violence in Scottsdale , AZ
While there is a nearly unlimited amount of legal information about domestic violence on the Internet , the best way to learn about how the law applies to you is to talk with an attorney .
Talk with attorney Karen Schoenau by contacting us at 480- 209-1918 or toll free at 888-304-0928 .
You can also email us to schedule a confidential consultation .
Lock bumping is a technique for bypassing a pin tumbler lock with a specially designed bump key which can be made with any key for that type of lock and a small file .
A single bump key will work on all locks of the same type–same type means any lock with the same keyway which can often mean different brands of locks because the same few keyways are used on the great majority of all pin-tumbler locks in use .
Alright , so here ’s the video first , have a look at that and if you want some further clarification and help then have a look at the PDF ( which you can read on here or just download from scribd and read on your computer ) which is immediately after the video , and then …
THEN …I ’m going to show you how to pick a lock with a FUCKING BANANA ( no , seriously ) .
Oh , also , if you ’d rather just buy your bumpkeys instead my friend runs the site bumpkey .us ( click here to see their site ) and he ’s got bumpkeys for every lock imaginable , they really are the best , I highly recommend you check them out .
Here ’s the video :
Here ’s the PDF guide :
Bump Key How To
How to pick a lock with a banana
YAAAAAAAAAAAAYY !! 😀
Additional Resources and Further Reading
If you liked this , then I highly suspect you ’ll enjoy my other post on How to Make a Lockpick Out of a Paper Clip , check it out .
The best resource on the internet , bar none , for lockpicking , lock bumping and bypass , and safecracking information for hobbiests and pros alike is LockPicking101.com ( the guy in the banana video above is digital_blue , one of the admins , on LP101 ) .
To buy your own bumpkeys instead of making them , check out bumpkey .us ( click here to see their site ) .
PALMDALE , Calif . 
To help spot and track smugglers , the Homeland Security Department is expanding its use of drones , the unmanned aircraft widely used in Iraq and other war zones , beyond the Mexican and Canadian borders to the Caribbean and possibly other seas .
The department , through its Customs and Border Protection division , already operates five of the aircraft , known as the Predator B , along the Southwest border from a base in Arizona and the Canadian border from an installation in North Dakota .
Like the drones used by the military , these drones can fly long ranges at high altitudes and are difficult to detect .
But the drones that have been used at the border since 2005 are for surveillance and tracking and do not carry weapons .
The department on Monday unveiled a new drone loaded with special radar , cameras and sensors .
Built for $ 13.5 million by General Atomics Aeronautical Systems here , it is designed for maritime use .
It features wide - range radar that gives a more sweeping view of the ocean than any of the government ’s fleet of manned aircraft .
We all know the tired old legends and facts - George Washington ' fessed up to chopping down a cherry tree ; Abraham Lincoln lived in a log cabin ; JFK had an affair with Marilyn Monroe ; Bill Clinton had some laundering issues with a Gap dress .
But there 's more than meets the eye with the Presidents - here are a few lesser - known facts about each of them .
And in case you 're wondering about the weird math , Grover Cleveland was President for non-consecutive terms ( the only President to ever do so , actually ) , so he technically counts as Presidents # 22 and # 24 .
1. George Washington indulged in luxuries such as leopard - skin blankets for all of his horses .
2. John Adams and Thomas Jefferson died on the same day - July 4 , 1826 , which just so happened to be the 50th anniversary of the Declaration of Independence .
3. Thomas Jefferson attributed his long life ( he lived to the age of 83 , which was pretty long in the tooth for the early 1800s ) to his daily habit of cold foot baths .
4. James Madison is the shortest president to date , standing just 5 ’ 4 ” .
His stature did n’t go unnoticed - John Quincy Adams ’ wife once described him as “ a very small man in his person with a very large head . ”
5. James Monroe once chased William H. Crawford , his secretary of the treasury , out of the White House with a pair of red hot tongs from the fireplace .
Crawford gave Monroe a list of people he wanted considered for “ political patronage , ” and when Monroe informed Crawford that his list was not needed or wanted , Crawford called the President “ a damned infernal scoundrel . ”
When he brandished his cane at Monroe , Monroe went for the tongs .
6. John Quincy Adams did n’t have such a great relationship with his three sons .
When one of them failed to make the top 10 in his class at Harvard , JQA wrote to him and said that he felt “ Nothing but shame and sorrow in your presence . ”
That was his namesake , John , who later became an alcoholic , as did brother George .
George later committed suicide .
7. Andrew Jackson was nearly assassinated .
A man named Richard Lawrence decided that Jackson was the only thing keeping him from inheriting the British throne and tried to shoot him as Jackson was leaving the Capitol .
The gun misfired .
Lawrence came prepared with a backup gun , drew it , and fired again .
It also misfired .
Legend has it that about this time , Jackson started beating his would - be killer with his cane .
Davy Crockett was one of the men who helped disarm Lawrence .
8. Martin Van Buren did n't relish his days in the White House , to be sure .
He once said , " As for the presidency , the two happiest days of my life were those of my entrance upon the office and my surrender of it . "
It did n't stop him for running for a second term ( he did n't achieve it ) .
9. William Henry Harrison .
His death is the reason we have firm plans in place for the presidential succession .
Harrison served just 31 days , 12 hours and 30 minutes of his presidency ; he died of pneumonia and septicemia and was the first American President to die in office .
At the time , no one was sure if the Vice President should become President or would merely be Acting President .
It was decided that since Harrison ’s VP John Tyler took the Oath of Office , he would retain the title for the duration of Harrison ’s original term .
10 . John Tyler married a girl 30 years his junior ( Julia , pictured ) and began courting her just three months after his wife ’s death .
His youngest daughter - the fifteenth Tyler child - was born when Tyler was 70 .
11 . James K . Polk never vacationed , kept long hours and was always all business .
He accomplished much during his presidency , including a victory in the Mexican - American War , founding an independent treasury , opened the Naval Academy , issued the first postage stamps , opened the Smithsonian Museum and oversaw the groundbreaking for the Washington Monument , and expanded the United States further west .
He also died just three months after leaving office - most historians agree that he basically worked himself to death .
12 . Zachary Taylor was a big fan of chewing tobacco and had no problems with spitting his chaw juice out on the White House carpet if a suitable urn was n’t available .
13 . Millard Fillmore met Queen Victoria in 1855 .
She promptly declared that Fillmore was the handsomest man she had ever laid eyes upon .
He was also the last member of the Whig Party to be President .
14 . Franklin Pierce was a rather tragic figure .
His first two sons died in childhood - one at birth and one at the age of four .
Young deaths were not uncommon at the time , but it caused his wife to become a bit overprotective of their third and last son , Bennie .
Two months before Pierce took office , he and his family were traveling in a train that derailed and then slid down an embankment .
The only fatality ?
Eleven - year - old Bennie .
15 . James Buchanan is the only president who never married .
He was engaged once , but it ended pretty badly - her parents convinced her that Buchanan was n’t good enough for her , so she broke it off .
She then took ill and died soon after .
Buchanan wrote a letter to her father and asked to be allowed to follow after her coffin at the funeral ; her father had it returned to sender .
16 . Abraham Lincoln was notoriously messy .
Legend has it that his office was a terrible mess and that he kept an envelope in his desk that said , “ When you ca n’t find it anywhere else , look into this . ”
17 . Andrew Johnson was a tailor and absolutely loved his job .
In fact , when he was governor of Tennessee , he took time out of his busy schedule to custom make a suit for a local blacksmith .
18 . Ulysses S. Grant ’s grandson , Ulysses S. Grant III , graduated sixth in his class at West Point Academy in 1903 .
The best student that year ?
Douglas MacArthur .
19 . Rutherford B. Hayes did n’t actually win the presidential election - he lost to Samuel Tilden by about 250,000 votes .
But the vote tallying was a mess and a bunch of the electoral votes were in dispute , so the Electoral Commission was quickly formed to determine the outcome .
They obviously found in favor of Hayes , leaving Tilden supporters to dub Rutherford “ Rutherfraud , ” “ His Fraudulency ” and “ His Accidency . ”
20 . James A. Garfield was shot on July 2 , 1881 , but he did n’t die until September 19 .
Most historians agree that the doctors who poked and prodded and used rather strange and unsanitary measures to try to “ save ” him are probably the ones that actually killed him .
21 . Chester A. Arthur was a clotheshorse and was the first president to hire someone to attend to his wardrobe .
He reportedly had more than 80 pairs of pants .
22 . Grover Cleveland had a secret operation to remove a tumor in his mouth while he was president .
He boarded a yacht headed upstate as if it were a fun diversion , but while he was tucked away from the public eye , doctors removed the tumor from his upper palette .
No one knew about the incident until 24 years later , when one of the doctors who performed the surgery finally spilled the beans .
You can now visit the tumor at the Mutter Museum in Philadelphia , which has an exhibit dedicated to the event .
23 . Benjamin Harrison was the last president to wear a beard .
24 . William McKinley ’s wife had epileptic seizures on a fairly regular basis .
He responded to them by arranging his handkerchief over her head - the darkness seemed to help - and carrying on as if nothing out of the ordinary were happening .
25 . Theodore Roosevelt was a big fan of food .
He drank about a gallon of coffee a day and would sometimes eat a dozen hard - boiled eggs for breakfast .
26 . William Howard
Taft is the only man , thus far , to have been the leader of both the Executive and Judicial branches of government .
He became Chief Justice eight years after his term as President ended and considered this the highlight of his career - “ I do not remember that I was ever President , ” he once said .
27 . Woodrow Wilson was one of the few Presidents to endure dating while acting as Commander in Chief .
His first wife died of Bright ’s Disease in 1914 , and by 1915 he was dating his would - be second wife , Edith Boling Galt .
As you might expect , the media followed them around mercilessly and reported on their dates .
The Washington Post once typoed that President Wilson “ spent most of his time entering Ms. Galt . ”
Whoops .
Since they meant to write “ entertaining , ” that entire newspaper was recalled .
Wilson also signed off some of his letters to Galt as " Tiger . "
28 . Warren G. Harding loved gambling and once lost an entire box of White House china in a game .
29 . Calvin Coolidge ’s son is probably the only fatality to occur at the White House because of the White House .
He was playing a game of tennis with his older brother and developed a blister on his big toe .
The blister became infected and Cal Jr. died of blood poisoning within days .
30 . Herbert Hoover wrote a book called Fishing For Fun - And To Wash Your Soul .
An excerpt : “ Association with the placid ripples of the waves and the quiet chortle of the streams is soothing to our ‘ het - up ’ anxieties . ”
31 . Franklin Delano Roosevelt was driven around in a hand - me - down Cadillac that previously belonged to Al Capone .
After Pearl Harbor , the Secret Service decided that the limo FDR was tooling around in was n’t safe enough .
Capone ’s car was outfitted with a ton of armor since he was so commonly targeted , so it was deemed safe enough for Roosevelt .
32 . Harry S Truman .
The “ S ” in Harry S Truman does n’t stand for anything .
His parents argued over whether it should stand for “ Shippe ” or “ Solomon , ” his paternal and maternal grandparents respectively , and so it was just left as “ S . ”
33 . Dwight D. Eisenhower desperately wanted to play professional baseball .
Later in life , he said that “ " not making the baseball team at West Point was one of the greatest disappointments of my life , maybe my greatest . "
34 . John F. Kennedy ’s 1935 yearbook named him “ Most likely to become President . ”
35 . Lyndon B. Johnson .
For two hours and eight minutes after JFK ’s assassination , we had no President .
LBJ was sworn in on Air Force One in Dallas at Love Field Airport ; he is the only President to be sworn in on Texas soil .
He was also the first President to be sworn in by a woman .
36 . Richard Nixon always wore a coat and tie - even when he was at home by himself , according to one biography .
37 . Gerald Ford is the only President who also had a modeling career .
He was in Look magazine in 1939 and was on the cover of Cosmopolitan in 1942 .
He ’s also the only President to ever tackle a future Heisman winner - when he played football for the University of Michigan Wolverines , he tackled University of Chicago running back Jay Berwanger , who won the first - ever Heisman Trophy the following year .
38 . Jimmy Carter is the only President to file an official report to detail a UFO sighting .
He claimed he and several members of his Lion ’s Club saw a UFO hovering about 900 yards away from them in Georgia in 1969 .
39 . Ronald Reagan was a notorious doodler and was n’t immune to entertaining himself during “ boring ” meetings by doing such .
Those are his scribbles to the left .
40 . George H.W. Bush was awarded an honorary knighthood by Queen Elizabeth II in 1993 .
He ’s just the third President to receive the honor - the other two were Eisenhower and Reagan .
41 . Bill Clinton .
There ’s a statue of Clinton playing golf in Ballybunion , Ireland .
42 . George W. Bush is the only U.S. President to have an MBA .
43 . Barack Obama ’s brother - in - law is the head men ’s basketball coach at Oregon State University .
Bankruptcy , divorce , estate planning — there are many legal struggles that can seem overwhelming on your own .
The legal system can be daunting , and you may not know your rights .
That is why it is important to have a lawyer you trust on your side .
At the Chicago office of Sacks , Goreczny , Maslanka & Costello , P.C. , each of us has dedicated our entire career to protecting our clients ' interests .
For over 25 years , we have provided professional , personalized legal representation .
Whether you have mounting credit card debt , or are facing foreclosure or divorce , it is important to have an attorney you trust on your side .
Call 312-957-8085 ( toll free at 888-350-3265 ) or contact us online to schedule an appointment with an experienced Chicago attorney .
Chicago , Illinois , Attorneys Handling a Wide Range of Cases
With a team of four highly - experienced attorneys , we are able to serve our clients in many practice areas .
Rather than limiting ourselves to one area , we strive to address all of our clients ' legal concerns .
The areas we handle include bankruptcy , mortgage foreclosure , real estate , wills and probate , civil union law , civil litigation and family law .
Whether you are considering your credit card debt relief options or another legal problem , you deserve professional and personalized legal representation .
We are committed to providing that representation .
A Chicago , Illinois , bankruptcy attorney or Oak Lawn Chapter 7 and 13 lawyer at our office can assess your bankruptcy case and determine how to move forward .
Other members of our firm can evaluate family law , estate planning and other matters , and ensure clients ' needs are being fully met .
What does the phrase " the discussions were very constructive " mean ?
Apparently , inside the Home Office it means a meeting between the home secretary and his drug advisers that ends with three more eminent scientists announcing their resignations .
Alan Johnson has got himself into a difficult place over his decision to sack the head of the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs ( ACMD ) .
He had hoped to personalise the affair , attempting to convince the remaining members of the ACMD that it was all about Professor David Nutt and nothing to do with his respect for scientists generally .
In an interview with the Independent newspaper published this morning , the home secretary stressed that the sacking was an isolated case about " one chairman of one advisory group " :
" If the scientific community believes that what happened to Professor Nutt was in any way indicative of the government not respecting scientific advice , we will seek to reassure them that is not the case .
No government has done more for the scientific community than this government . "
He met the council this afternoon and attempted to give them that reassurance .
This is the statement that the Home Office published shortly afterwards :
" The discussions were very constructive , and it was agreed that the ACMD would continue discussions with the Home Office and government Chief Scientific Advisors in establishing a way to work collaboratively together into the future with a common purpose of reducing any drug - related harm in the UK . "
All sounds very calm and reasonable .
Except that before the ink was dry on the statement , it was announced that three further members of the council - psychologist Dr John Marsden , pharmaceutical industry consultant Dr Ian Ragan and scientific consultant Dr Simon Campbell - had had enough and were quitting .
More will emerge of what exactly went on behind the closed doors of the rooms given over to the ACMD inside the Home Office this afternoon .
I have heard the meeting described both as " productive " and as " polarised " .
However , with five advisers having now resigned and discussions still continuing on " establishing a way to work collaboratively together " with the remaining members , it seems clear that Mr Johnson has miscalculated the strength of feeling .
Less than a month before the scheduled release of James Cameron 's new movie , " Avatar , " some scenes from the costly special - effects extravaganza remain unfinished .
Pressure to complete the project by the Dec. 18 release date has risen to the point where crews are working " 24 - 8 " — that is , eight days a week — said producer Jon Landau during a break from supervising the work in Los Angeles on Wednesday .
Mr ....
If you had told us on Thursday that Yemen was a dangerous Al Qaeda stronghold we would have been like , " Who or what is a ' Yemen ' ? "
Now we 've got Lieberman painting cross -hairs on the place .
Here we go again !
You of course know about , Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , the failed Northwest Airlines pantsbomber , who claims to have connections to Al Qaeda in Yemen .
Plus , there was the Fort Hood Shooter 's connection to radical Yemeni cleric Anwar Aulaqi .
Both these incidents have focused attention on the impoverished middle - eastern country in a disturbingly familiar way .
Seriously , though , let 's just not talk about preemptive action against Yemen , Sen. Joe Lieberman .
Which , according to The Hill , you did just that today :
Lieberman , who helms the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee , said on " Fox News Sunday " that the U.S. will have to take an active approach in Yemen after multiple recent terrorist attacks on the U.S. were linked back to the Middle Eastern nation .
The Connecticut senator said that an administration official told him that " Iraq was yesterday 's war , Afghanistan is today 's war .
If we do n't act preemptively , Yemen will be tomorrow 's war . "
It just makes a guy kind of nervous !
We agree that all of the " DANGER : YEMEN " articles coming out make Yemen seem like a pretty scary place .
( The Guardian wins for best headline : " Yemen : the international jihadi's destination of choice . " )
To wit :
" Administration officials and American lawmakers said Yemen could become Al Qaeda 's next operational and training hub , rivaling the lawless tribal areas of Pakistan where the organization 's top leaders operate . "
- NYT
" U.S. officials say al Qaeda 's activities in Yemen are now second only to operations in their safe haven in Pakistan . "
- WSJ
" In short , Yemen has become the international jihadi's destination of choice from which to prepare , plot and launch future terror attacks .
" Only Pakistan 's tribal regions rival Yemen as a terrorist Shangri - La " , the Wall Street Journal said this year , citing American estimates that up to 1,500 al - Qaida - linked fighters are based there .
- Guardian
But it 's just — and , granted , this is coming from someone probably less informed about Yemeni affairs than even Lieberman is — it 's just , here were are at the dawn of a new decade which is ours to fuck up , and Lieberman 's leading with this warmongering bullshit that was hacky even back in 2003 ?
As Firedoglake points out , we have already been preemptively bombing the shit out of Al Qaeda via cruise missile strikes , and even killing some of them .
Plus , the US is spending more than $ 70 million to train and equip Yemeni military .
So what are you even talking about , Lieberman ?
Especially given that we do not yet know what level of training / material support Abdulmutallab actually got from " Yemen " ?
Even if it turns out Yemeni Al Qaeda had strapped the bomb to Abdulmutallab 's crotch themselves then bought his plane ticket on Travelocity , it does n't change the fact that Lieberman is talking out of his ass .
And , sure , there is probably a near - zero chance at this point of some Iraq - style invasion .
But it 's disheartening to see Lieberman follow that same , sad Global War on Terror program we hoped had been deleted along with Bush , but which had apparently just been minimized , ready to pop up at a moment 's notice like an idiotic Microsoft Word paperclip whose little speech bubble is full of words we know way too well .
" Tracker Checker " is a nifty little program that automatically checks when private trackers are open for registration .
A lot of trackers open their doors occasionally , giving you the opportunity to register without an invite .
This program helps you yo find out when .
Tracker Checker is Windows only and requires the .NET 2.0 framework .
It will regularly check the signup pages of the trackers you wish to join and notifies you when one of these is open to newcomers .
The program currently supports 66 private trackers .
If your favorite tracker is not in the list you have the option to add it manually in the “ trackers.xml ” file .
The application is spyware and malware free .
It does lag a bit when it checks the trackers , and some of the URLs are outdated .
My suggestion would be to set the refresh interval to a couple of hours or even more , or just run the program occasionally .
Tracker Checker 1.2 is available at stamcar.com , and we have a mirror over here .
Adesanya sure was a good role model for all the Nigerian kids watching
Kudos to my colleague Matt Goldstein , who broke a big story on an emerging scandal at Goldman Sachs while the rest of us were enjoying a three day weekend .
Forthwith , a digest of primary docs and blogosphere discussion since Matt broke the story .
A Goldman Trading Scandal ( Reuters )
This is Matt ’s story .
In a nutshell , federal authorities allege that former Goldman employee Sergey Aleynikov stole software he wrote that drives the company ’s proprietary trading engines , the black box as it were .
Aleynikov got a better gig in Chicago , announced his resignation , and , in his last week at Goldman , decided to take the black box with him .
It all seems pretty foolish .
Of course Goldman had him sign a standard non-disclosure agreement when he was hired , which means any software he wrote while at Goldman was Goldman ’s property .
Aleynikov Complaint ( Reuters )
Here ’s a pdf of the FBI affidavit that spells out the charges against Aleynikov .
It ’s clear Goldman knew about his allegedly illegal downloads a couple weeks before they moved to arrest him .
At the start of a holiday weekend , when it is particularly hard to make bail and you ’re likely to spend the whole weekend in the slammer .
Aleynikov ’s LinkedIn profile ( LinkedIn ) Details about the alleged perp .
The plot thickens ….
NYSE Program Trading update , 6 - 22 ( NYSE )
For months Goldman has been atop the list of program trading at the NYSE .
Then suddenly the week of 6 - 22 , Goldman disappears from the list .
They did n’t just fall to fifth or sixth place .
They disappeared .
Is that because their trading programs were compromised by Aleynikov ?
Inquiring minds want to know .
Is a Case of Quant Trading Sabotage about to Destroy Goldman Sachs ?
( Zero Hedge )
More than anyone else , Tyler has been all over Goldman for monopolizing program trading at the NYSE .
He thinks that Goldman ’s sudden disappearance from the weekly table has everything to do with Aleynikov ’s arrest .
Folks interested in Tyler ’s detailed thoughts on the topic should consider going through all his posts labeled program trading .
Additional Links …..
The Great Goldman Black Box Heist ( Alphaville )
Some quick analysis from the complain about how Aleynikov was caught .
FBI Arrest may open Goldman ’s black box ( Daily Kos ) More helpful analysis of the news from bobswern .
Oh , by the way , Aleynikov and his wife appear to be competitive ballroom dancers .
Check ’em out ….
A Full - Service Saratoga Springs Law Firm
Serving Clients From Glens Falls to Lake Placid to Plattsburgh
Have you been injured in a car accident ?
Have you been charged with a crime ?
Have you been cited with a speeding ticket in upstate New York ?
If you are facing any of these types of legal challenges , you need experienced trial lawyers at your side and protecting your rights .
Thorn Gershon Tymann and Bonanni , LLP , is just that law firm .
From our North Country offices , we are dedicated to representing small businesses and individuals with personal injury litigation , criminal defense work and litigation in complex civil litigation and commercial disputes .
Please call us at 518-464-6770 , or use the contact form to arrange for an initial consultation .
A personal injury lawsuit on behalf of a young child injured in a rollover resulting in quadriplegia , was handled by Thorn Gershon Tymann and Bonanni , LLP , and achieved the largest sustained verdict in the New York State Court of Claims ( $ 42.5 million ) .
If you or a loved one has been injured in an accident , call our Saratoga Springs personal injury attorneys .
Helping You Solve Your Legal Issues in Upstate New York
Our trial attorneys are problem solvers .
The types of individuals and small businesses we have helped include :
Adirondack visitors —
Winter ski enthusiasts , fall leaf peepers , summer B&B guests , outdoor enthusiasts and others from out of state who come to enjoy all that upstate New York has to offer
— Winter ski enthusiasts , fall leaf peepers , summer B&B guests , outdoor enthusiasts and others from out of state who come to enjoy all that upstate New York has to offer Vacation home owners —
Those from metro New York and elsewhere who spend their weekends and vacations here and think of it as their home away from home
— Those from metro New York and elsewhere who spend their weekends and vacations here and think of it as their home away from home Local residents —
Homeowners and others who live and work in the tourist industry , retirees and others
— Homeowners and others who live and work in the tourist industry , retirees and others Small businesses —
Family owned resorts , ski resorts , vacation property rentals , and more
Lake Placid Criminal Defense Attorneys Serving North Country Clients
Our criminal defense attorneys protect the freedoms of individuals throughout upstate New York .
If you have been charged with DUI , drug possession or any other misdemeanor or felony , we can help protect you and your family .
Contact Thorn Gershon Tymann and Bonanni , LLP , by calling us at 518-464-6770 , or use the contact form to arrange for an initial consultation .
Past success does not guarantee future results .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Afghanistan has a monopoly on illegal opium production that has devastating global consequences , a UN report says .
UN findings say an opium market worth $ 65 bn ( £ 39 bn ) funds global terrorism , caters to 15 million addicts , and kills 100,000 people every year .
The UN says corruption , lawlessness and uncontrolled borders result in only 2 % of Afghan opiates being seized locally .
The UN says more Russians die annually from Afghan drugs than Soviet soldiers were killed during its Afghan conflict .
Afghanistan produces 92 % of the world 's opium , with the equivalent of 3,500 tonnes leaving the country each year .
Most of the opium that leaves Afghanistan makes its way through Pakistan , Central Asia and Iran , leaving a trail of addiction , criminality and death in its wake , according to the report by the UN Office on Drugs and Crime ( UNODC ) .
It says more people die globally from Afghan opium than any other drug but just a tiny percentage of what is produced is seized on route .
The UN says current Afghan seizure rates of drugs is extremely poor Antonio Maria Costa , head of the UNODC , said Afghanistan 's opium production could create a " perfect storm " in the region .
" The Afghanistan / Pakistan border region has turned into the world 's largest free - trade zone in anything and everything that is illicit - drugs of course , but also weapons , bomb - making equipment , chemical precursors , drug money , even people and migrants , " he said .
" We have identified the global consequences of the Afghan opium trade .
" Some are devastating but expected ; others seem surprising , yet they are very real .
He also had some difficult words for those nations currently involved in Afghanistan : " I urge the friends of Afghanistan to recognise that , to a large extent , these uncomfortable truths may be the result of benign neglect . "
Insignificant seizures
The report highlights a number of key factors as to why Afghanistan 's illegal drugs trade has such an impact around the world .
The Taliban 's direct involvement in the opium trade allows them to fund a war machine that is becoming technologically more complex
Antonio Maria Costa
Executive Director , UNODC
Russian anger over Afghan drugs Inside an Afghan opium market One significant reason is that " lawlessness , corruption and uncontrolled borders " are resulting in very limited seizures by the Afghan authorities .
Just 2 % of drugs are seized per annum , as compared with Colombia 's 36 % annually , the report says .
Seizure rates are thought to decline as the drugs move closer to more lucrative key markets , with the value of the drugs doubling with every border crossed .
For example , Iran intercepts about 20 % of the opium entering its territory and Pakistan 17 % - but Russia and some European countries are seizing less than 5 % .
One gram of heroin worth $ 3 in Kabul is worth up to $ 100 on the streets of London , Milan or Moscow , it is estimated .
The UNODC is calling for more international resources to tackle the problem at source - in Afghanistan and surrounding areas - where law enforcement costs are cheaper .
Another significant factor includes the vastly increased revenues made by the Taliban and other insurgent groups in taxing opium production in Afghanistan .
An estimated $ 160 m of drug money per year is now available to support terrorists activities , the report suggests .
" The Taliban 's direct involvement in the opium trade allows them to fund a war machine that is becoming technologically more complex and increasingly widespread , " said Antonia Maria Costa .
" Some profiteers in the heroin trade wear suits and white collars , others wear black turbans . "
In addition , the UN says one of its most surprising finds is that addiction is costing more lives in consumers than the numbers of foreign soldiers killed fighting in Afghanistan .
For example , in Nato member states more than 10,000 people die from Afghan heroin each year - a figure five times higher than the total number of Nato troops killed in Afghanistan since 2001 .
In Russia , the country worst - affected by the drug , the annual 30,000 death toll is higher than the total Soviet death toll during the USSR's Afghanistan campaign of 1979 - 1989 , the UN says .
In addition , the UNODC says there is a pressing need to locate and destroy massive stockpiles of Afghan opium - an estimated 12,000 tons is being hoarded , it believes .
With current supplies far outweighing demand , fears are high that Afghanistan 's opium has the potential to spread terrorism and the drugs trade for many more years to come .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
College is undoubtedly one of the busiest times of anyone 's life .
Students have to deal with juggling a social life , homework , classes , labs , assignments , and some even have jobs .
It can all seem a bit overwhelming at first but if you have mastered proper management of your time , you should have no problem getting things done .
You have to prioritize everything you do and still make sure that you have enough time left over for social obligations .
Once you do though , you should have no problem meeting every goal you set for your college career .
Granted , keeping your priorities in order is a life lesson that everyone has to one day figure out , but for college students the lesson hits pretty hard very early .
A student 's schedule is often chaotic and may seem unattainable each and every day .
Classes do n't fall into any particular block of time any more and juggling different hours on different days is n't the best for coinciding with a part time job .
Social obligations do n't really have set times or dates either so it might seem a bit daunting to expect to fit everything into one person 's schedule and moreover , actually plan it .
The first thing anybody who is trying to manage their time needs to do is take some time out to prioritize absolutely everything it is you do .
Write down every single activity that makes up your day and begin numbering them in order of importance .
At first it might seem a little much but it 's really quite easy once you get into it .
You might have a hard time figuring out if one things is more important than the next but do n't really worry about it , you 'll get them both done around the same time .
My list includes things like , read the news , do dishes , clean , read books , watch television , write an essay , do homeworkâ€ ¦ you get the idea .
Next you must separate all these activities into one of two categories : those that are integral to you achieving your goals , and those that are n't .
In the first group you 'll want to make sure you 've included things like attending class , doing homework , going to work , studying and things that actually contribute to your success .
The other group should consist mostly of things that you enjoy doing but are n't necessarily integral to your success professionally .
In this group you should make sure to include things like social gatherings , hanging out with friends , watching movies , reading and blowing hours and hours looking at nothing on the internet .
The next step in organizing your life involves a plan .
This is where you will put everything in order according to priority .
You 'll want to make sure that you put the things like attending class and work right at the top as those are probably the most important tasks on any student 's list .
Next you 'll want things like study time , preparing presentations and assignments , and then you can work your way down the list and finish with stuff like watching movies .
If you have so much on your plate that you absolutely need to do , it will be pretty plain to see and your social engagements will have to be pushed back .
Organizing in this way makes it very easy to push things out of your schedule that are n't necessary .
For example , some students will have a class schedule that does n't require so much time actually in class but it is imperative that you spend a great deal of time out of class studying , reading or preparing submissions .
In a lot of cases , students lose a lot of time to their jobs .
This will also tend to cut into personal activity time but is in most cases a requirement .
Depending on your financial situation , your job will take precedence over everything except for studying and going to classes .
If you are so broke that you are required to work long hours , perhaps taking fewer courses and spending an extra year at college would work out in the long run .
I personally faced this dilemma two years ago .
Money because so tight that I had to pick work over school more than once .
I learned some lessons and took two fewer courses the next semester , which really helped me focus more on the courses I was taking .
I do n't want you to take all this and think that your social life is n't important .
People are not robots and we can't just work all the time ; social interaction and a little bit of letting loose is a requirement for a healthy lifestyle .
If you completely shut yourself off from the world and just work and study for your entire post - secondary career , you might just drive yourself insane .
Partying with people you 've never met before is part of the whole college experience and if you do n't partake in it you are n't getting your money 's worth .
Although it might not seem like it , these years are n't meant solely for studying .
You have to do a lot of growing up here as this is the time you are truly transitioning to becoming an adult and you are being constantly tested by the real world to see if you make the cut .
If your course load is appropriate and you 've saved up some cash before going to school you should have no problem making enough time to unwind .
Make sure that you stick to your lists that you 've made though as it can be addictive to get stuck partying and let the real work fall behind .
I think the hardest part about time management during college is actually putting your nose to the grindstone and getting everything done that needs to be done .
If you stay optimistic and manage your time properly , you will have no problems getting through college or university and you should still have plenty of time for socializing and partying .
Additional Tips :
I find that a good old - fashioned day planner was the easiest way to plan my time .
Just this year I have started studying online to get my online education degree and it has kept me organized and been a big part of the reason I 'm still kicking .
I have used numerous electronic organizers and found them to be a little bit more time consuming than a pencil .
I made a habbit of never leaving the house without it and it paid me back in spades .
Every time somebody would ask me if I could attend something , I could just crack it open and let them know .
It was also fantastic for keeping a random to do list so that I never really forgot anything that was worth remembering .
I did n't but I know of people who have attended time management seminars .
I assume these are going to be highly detailed and tested methods that would be fantastic for what you might need .
On the other hand , they are usually quite costly and I was in no position to be spending any more money .
Although it may seem a daunting task , managing your time properly is really quite an attainable goal .
You have to always keep it in the back of your mind that prioritization of all your activities is essential .
Every time you do something you should be asking yourself if there 's something else more important that deserves your attention .
Get your obligations out of the way first and you will actually be able to enjoy your social and personal time without knowing in the back of your mind you 've got other things to do .
I think you will find that the methods you tailor to your own personal life will stay with you not only through college or university but for the rest of your life .
I use my little system every single day and I know that I would be completely lost without it .
I'm the first to show up at a party and constantly calling my friends to see if they want to come over but I make sure that I do n't allow myself these luxuries without having all my necessary work done .
If you stick to getting the hard stuff out of the way first , you will have no problem succeeding in all your college goals and still have some time left over for fun !
Groups of bicycle - riding vigilantes have been repainting 14 blocks of Williamsburg roadways ever since the city sandblasted their bike lanes away last week at the request of the Hasidic community .
The Hasids , who have long had a huge enclave in the now - artist - haven neighborhood , had complained that the Bedford Avenue bike paths posed both a safety and religious hazard .
Scantily clad hipster cyclists attracted to the Brooklyn neighborhood made it difficult , the Hasids said , to obey religious laws forbidding them from staring at members of the opposite sex in various states of undress .
These riders also were disobeying the traffic laws , they complained .
Two cycling advocates were apprehended by the Shomrim Patrol , a Hasidic neighborhood watch group , as they repainted a section of bike lane at 3:30 a.m. yesterday , but when cops arrived , no one was arrested and no summonses were issued , police said .
“ These people should apply for a job at the DOT , ” neighborhood activist Isaac Abraham said of the repainting .
“ You put it on , they take it off — and they will probably do this again . ”
A Department of Transportation spokesman said : “ We will continue to work with any community on ways we can make changes to our streets without compromising safety . ”
A source close to Mayor Bloomberg said removing the lanes was an effort to appease the Hasidic community just before last month ’s election .
Abraham contends the bike lanes put children at risk of getting hit by cars or bicycles as they exited school buses .
But Baruch Herzfeld , who has tried to bridge the gap between hipsters and Hasids with a bike - rental program , said safety is not the issue so much as xenophobia .
“ They do n’t want the hipsters in their neighborhood , ” he said .
“ It ’s like in Howard Beach back in the day when they did n’t want black people in the neighborhood . ”
The cycling advocacy group Transportation Alternatives has not taken sides in the dispute .
But bike lane or not , “ cyclists have a right to be on Bedford Avenue , ” said Wiley Norvell , a group spokesman .
Additional reporting by Maggie Haberman and John Doyle
jeremy.olshan@nypost.com
Mr Munch - or Monster to his pals - said : '' I just can't get enough of them .
I love all the flavours , but admit roast beef is a particular favourite .
What is the most difficult addiction to kick ?
Some say heroin .
Cigarette smokers will tell you nicotine is the hardest to beat .
Will our consumaholic tendencies be more difficult to recover from than both of these ?
Our sickness is leading to obesity , cancer , and depression .
The planet is the enabler and it , too , is suffering .
We need help , and quick .
T
he situation requires a speedy shift in mass behaviour .
We need to kick the habit .
We all consume in order to survive .
Over the past few decades we have become addicted to over - consuming .
We make our purchases not to survive , but to satisfy other less visible , less rational needs .
We need a program to get us back on the healthful path of sustainability , limits , and contentment .
If someone is addicted to a drug you do n't tell them they are harming themselves and their family so , " JUST QUIT ! "
The problem is bigger than that , and 12 step programs such as Alcoholics Anonymous reflect this fact .
An addiction - afflicted individual may require a program and a supportive community to assist in recovery .
Fri , 18 Dec 2009
As someone born in India , I sometimes look around and wonder , Where are the Indians ( and other South Asians ) in Free Software ?
( I do n't mean to exclude South Asians from other countries , so I will lump us together .
I believe that we are more similar than we are different , although I know more about India than about the rest of South Asia . )
There is no shortage of Indians performing information technology jobs in the United States .
The same is true in academia ; the Computing Research Association uses National Science Foundation data to show about 15 % of computer science bacholor 's degrees are awarded to " Asians or Pacific Islanders . "
These are not precise numbers targeted at South Asians in particular , but they confirm a general feeling that plenty of technologists in the United States are from that part of the world .
South Asia is quite a populous region , coming in at over one billion people .
It , too , has plenty of technology workers .
So much FLOSS conversation happens in English , and India is well - suited to handle this ; English is an " official language " .
Indian academia reports that there are 350 million English users and about 90 million English speakers .
So let 's visually compare the Debian developers map for South Asia ( over one billion people ) and that of New Zealand , a country of four million .
India :
New Zealand :
These two countries have about the same number of Debian developers ( at least , who have marked their location in the Debian LDAP database ) .
About four .
South Asians comprise about one sixth of the world 's population .
There are about one thousand Debian developers ; we represent at best 1 % of that .
These numbers are comparable to the under - representation of women in Free Software , especially when you compare the figure to South Asians ' over - representation in the rest of information technology .
That makes me sad .
Take a look at the Debian developer map again .
You 'll see that Debian is certainly not an Americans - only project , or even an English - speakers - only project .
South America has a respectable dotting of developers , and Western- to Central - Europe are packed .
I have strong feelings about Free Software .
It emerges from an ethos of personal empowerment , and with open source it has become a dominant force in computing .
Yet there are plenty of sharp people -- at least women and South Asians -- who , somehow , become culturally excluded from participating .
Why care about diversity ?
Consider the diversity of contributors we already have .
Some contribute to Free Software because of particular business needs , such as what caused Avi Kivity to write KVM , the new leader in Linux - based virtualization .
Everaldo's art background gave us the " Crystal " icon set that set the standard for sharp - looking icons on the Free Desktop for years .
Josh Coalson knew about compressing sound , and his Free Lossless Audio Codec is now the standard in high quality audio .
We already have a great deal of diversity .
We should be celebrating !
Back in 2001 , FLAC 's users were celebrating .
In that year , I decided to ditch proprietary operating systems because I felt I could achieve all my computing needs in the Free world .
A happy user of FLAC myself , I lurked on the mailing list as I watched grateful people thank Josh for the great software he wrote .
Different contributions will excite different sorts of users .
The more different people we have improving FLOSS , the more happy users we can make .
Happy users of FLOSS are Free users .
Happy users can become contributors , putting forth code , documentation , translations , and word - of - mouth marketing .
The first reason to improve diversity in FLOSS is to better suit our users ' needs .
The more diversity we have in our contributors , the more chance we have of tickling our users in the ways that please them the most .
I wish to see an end to software that restricts users ' freedom , so I want to see us build the tools that users want .
One thing that pleases me is when I see other people contributing who seem similar to me .
When I went to Debconf , I was thrilled to be surrounded by people who cared about software freedom and technical excellence .
I had even more fun being social , chatting about rainforests , mutual friends , websites , and music .
I might have had the most fun playing the card game Mao .
A second reason , then , to improve diversity in FLOSS is to increase contributor retention by increasing joy .
Mao was an example of a cultural bond I happened to share with a handful of Debianites .
The more diversity we have , the more frequent these sorts of coincidences will be .
The final , most obvious , reason to reach out to groups of people who do not typically contribute is that we can increase our numbers .
That by itself is so valuable .
Ubuntu sees 100 new bugs per week , even after the bug squad 's efforts .
If we can do a better job of recruiting new contributors , the raw numbers give us more strength in creating and maintaining world - class software as well as letting the world know about it .
Changing the balance
I believe that there are plenty of South Asians quite capable of contributing to FLOSS .
I believe the same of women .
I believe the same of men .
Back to the topic at hand .
Why do the South Asians vanish when we look at Free Software , not tech in general ?
There are plenty of reasons I can dream up , based on my experience with Indians .
Plenty of South Asian parents urge their children to make low - risk career choices .
My mother reports that schools in India focus on memorization instead of creativity .
This can leave little room for extracurricular pursuits .
It 's tough for FLOSS advocates to work directly on these distant issues .
But I think we can focus some problems we can help solve .
Crucially , awareness of Free Software spreads best by social circles .
I learned about Linux from a friend at a summer camp .
I 'll repeat that :
Awareness of Free Software spreads best by social networks .
So if you want to spread that awareness , try to be a bridge .
If you meet someone from an unusual background for open source who needs support or mentorship , try to help .
That is an investment in the diversity and growth of Free Software .
Those people can now unlock more " open source minorities . "
What success looks like
Google Summer of Code helps some new contributors get started and provides that mentorship .
Rachel McCreary was invited to the SciPy conference after a successful summer .
Her father left a comment explaining how her sisters participated in FLOSS via Google 's Highly Open Participation ( GHOP ) Contest :
Rachel was inspired and motivated by BOTH of her little sisters , each completing six GHOP tasks ( if memory serves ) .
GHOP and GSOC has been a game - changer for these girls .
Rachel 's younger sister is applying to schools such as MIT with an interest in a science major .
The youngest daughter now has a Caltech poster on her wall with the intent to eventually attend .
Their proud Dad
Soon , these stories will be commonplace .
Until then , we have work to do .
( I 'm still researching these topics .
If you can help me find any sort of data to help me learn more about diversity in FLOSS , even if it seems like I would n't like it , leave a comment . )
[ ] permanent link and comments
View Transcript
Transcript
The Boss says , " Who needs training to keep up with technology trends ? "
Ted says , " Me . " The Boss says , " You 're fired .
I only want people who already know how to do their jobs . "
Ted says , " I did not see that coming . "
Wally says , " They do n't have a class to fix that . "
Warmed , overfished and polluted , the small Mediterranean Sea is giving scientists a look at what the future may hold for the rest of Earth 's oceans — and it's not pretty .
Beneath its surface , a transformation is taking place .
Food webs are shrinking , with rich ecosystems that supported valuable commercial fisheries giving way to barrens dominated by jellyfish and tiny invertebrates .
Mass die - offs and disease are now common .
" The predicted effects of climate change are being met in the Mediterranean .
The results are more obvious and dramatic , but the drivers are the same all over the world , " said Pierre Chevaldonné , a University of the Mediterranean biologist .
Chevaldonné is a co-author of a review of more than 100 studies on the Mediterranean 's changing ecological dynamics .
Published last Monday in Trends in Ecology and Evolution , it describes the convergence of climate change and human impacts in waters that had been stable since the time of Aristotle .
During the latter half of the 20th century , the Mediterranean 's deep northern regions , a traditional source of cold waters that flowed south into warmer basin currents , warmed by one - fifth of a degree Fahrenheit .
Shallow northwest waters — an intermediate zone more productive than any other region of the Mediterranean — warmed by 1.8 degrees Fahrenheit .
Some of the warming was expected , but it appears to have accelerated in the last 20 years , as the unusually hot 1990s coincided with natural cycles .
With that overheated decade came anomalies in surface temperature and rainfall .
These appear to have disrupted deep - water hydrology , changing its composition and currents .
That disruption has now rippled to the western shallows .
Compounding the problem , runaway population growth has packed 132 million people around the sea's rim , with habitat destruction , pollution and fishing pressure increasing apace .
The effects of these interacting stresses make the Mediterranean a model system for the rest of Earth 's oceans , which are also overfished and , in many regions , warming at comparable or greater rates .
Scientists say warming will continue for decades even if greenhouse gas emissions soon fall to a fraction of current levels .
And though it will take longer for disruption to become visible in those larger waters , the lessons are the same .
" It 's difficult to know exactly what 's going to happen elsewhere , but the principles can be extrapolated , " said Marta Call , a Dalhousie University marine biologist who has modeled the interactions of Mediterranean species .
In a paper published last year in Ecosystems , she and her colleagues described Mediterranean food webs as " in an advanced state of degradation . "
Degradation in the Mediterranean has taken place on multiple levels .
Many large fish species , including top - level predators like sharks and tuna , have been fished to functional extinction .
A few still swim , but they no longer have the same ecological role .
Coll 's models and other research on predator interactions suggest that they helped stabilize food webs , and their absence now leaves other species prone to wild fluctuations .
Mass die - offs of dozens of invertebrate species are now common in the northeast .
They 're stressed by rising temperatures and vulnerable to disease , and the most common invasive species are not new predators , but microbes .
Most strikingly , soft corals that once carpeted the northwest seafloor , forming a literal underwater forest , have in many areas been wiped out altogether .
Replacing them is what Chevaldonné calls " lawns " of algae and short - lived invertebrates .
The prevailing dynamic is what scientists call " brittleness , " or a decline in " robustness . "
Historically complex food webs cannot find balance .
In their place have emerged simpler food webs dominated by species that Coll and her colleagues characterize as " unpalatables " and " detritus " — algae , invertebrates and jellyfish .
There are still some fish , but they 're relatively few in number , and small .
Much of the Mediterranean catch is now processed and sold as animal feed .
" In terms of biomass and production , the Mediterranean is basically impoverished , " said Coll .
These conditions probably represent a transitional period for the Mediterranean , though it 's likely a one - way transition .
Neither Chevaldonné nor Coll claims to know exactly what the sea's next stable ecological configuration will look like , but this may be a preview , just as the Mediterranean may be a preview of the profound shifts likely elsewhere .
" In the future , we may get only jellyfish .
Then we 'll find a way of consuming jellyfish , " Coll said .
" The problem is , do we want that ? "
Images : 1 ) In some regions of the Mediterranean , traditional food webs have collapsed , and the new ones are dominated by bacteria , small invertebrates and jellyfish./ jetzt_ist_immer / Flickr .
2 ) A map of Mediterranean species movement ./ Trends in Ecology and Evolution .
See Also :
Citations : " Climate change effects on a miniature ocean : the highly diverse , highly impacted Mediterranean Sea . "
Christophe Lejeusne , Pierre Chevaldonne , Christine Pergent - Martini , Charles F. Boudouresque and Thierry Perez .
Trends in Ecology and Evolution , published online , Dec. 1 , 2009 .
" Structural Degradation in Mediterranean Sea Food Webs : Testing Ecological Hypotheses Using Stochastic and Mass - Balance Modelling . "
By Marta Coll , Heike K. Lotze , and Tamara N. Romanuk .
Ecosystems * , Vol. 11 No. 6 , Sept. 2008 .*
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecosystem and planetary tipping points .
Approved By Govt. of India - Ministry of Tourism
IATO - Indian Association of Tour Operators
The Beer Drinking Scientists are back !
It 's been two and a half years since our last episode , but Darren Osborne and Marc West have got back together over a beer in Sydney to chat about the pressing scientific issues of the day - in this case , alien life .
We chat about the latest scientific research and discoveries in areas such as astrobiology , SETI and exoplanets .
We also chat to others in pub , including one person who swears she has seen not just one UFO , but a UFO release a baby - craft , and another who thinks that Jesus might be an alien ...
To bring some sanity to the proceedings , Marc chatted to Dr Carol Oliver from the Australian Centre for Astrobiology before the show and clips from this interview are played throughout .
For the full podcast interview with Carol , see Astrobiology and the search for extraterrestrial life .
We 'd love to hear ideas for future BDS episodes , so feel free to leave comments , or let us know on twitter - @bdscientists .
We 'll release new shows about every 2 months .
Merry Christmas from The Beer Drinking Scientists - may your festive season be full of science and beer , both in moderation of course !
Ride a wavy surfboard of smokiness over a tsunami of fermented brews with a Groupon that combines two of the greatest things in life : a five - course taste pairing of beers and bacons at Paddy Long 's for $ 20 ( a $ 35 value ) .
This two - hour tasting event will feature a seasonally rotating spread of five bacons and five brews every Saturday and Sunday , currently scheduled through February with more dates to come .
Book your tasting online .
Paddy Long 's can only accommodate 75 people per tasting , so book right away .
You can always cancel or reschedule later .
You 've likely already explored the skin - softening and air - freshening properties of bacon .
Now you can taste those versatile strips of candymeat , too .
Your flavors of crispy , crackly bliss will vary by season and could feature imports , such as Danish bacon and Italian pancetta , alongside cracked pepper bacon and sweet brown - sugar bacon .
Paddy Long 's friendly bar and meat tenders will tenderly lead you through each succulent strip , hence their official job title , " Gut Yoda . "
They 'll also serve five different glasses of domestic and far - off craft brews perfect for the washing down and dunking of each bacon breed .
Paddy Long 's extensive menu currently features eighteen draft beers , including Delirium Tremens and Alpha King Three Floyds , as well as tart and seasonal treats such as Lindeman 's Framboise and St. Bernardus Christmas
Ale , the brew that famously gave Rudolph the confidence to stop concealing his nose beneath hoof polish .
Though their tasting selections will change , Paddy Long 's will confidently lead your taste buds to cured - hog heaven with their zymological knowledge of fine and exotic beers .
Be sure to take notes on your favorite bacons and brews so that you can properly re-create the experience after a long day 's work ( in the case of bacon ) or at the beginning of a particularly dreaded workday ( in the case of beer ) .
Reviews
Yelpers and Citysearchers give Paddy Long 's four stars :
This bar / restaurant is charming and unique .
It may seem like a dive bar from the outside but is cool and new on the inside and has great service with awesome food .
– amd158k331 , Citysearch
Went there with friends for a pint and some food - the burgers were some of the best any of us had eaten in Chicago .
Fish and Chips and the Irish Breakfast get a big thumbs up as well .
Great people working / hanging out there too .
– mcx346 , Citysearch
For the active , bustling neighborhood , it is a haven for a good slow - down moment .
The people are friendly and take you in like a long - lost cousin .
There are interesting beers to try ... – elenaluzz , Citysearch
Bestowing another individual award on Sidney Crosby seems incongruous .
It is unfitting because if anybody believes in , or embodies , the importance and spirit of teamwork it is No. 87 .
Crosby has never been about scoring championships , MVP trophies or individual honours like being named CBCSports.ca ’s 2009 athlete of the year .
Instead , he has been one determined hombre to win world junior and senior titles , Memorial Cups , Stanley Cups and Olympic gold .
Nevertheless , it was his leadership , his dogged pursuit of the Stanley Cup that caught our attention and made him a near unanimous selection , with Jason Bay and Daniel Nestor also receiving votes , as our athlete of the year .
Trail , B.C.'s
Bay was sensational patrolling left field for the Boston Red Sox , slamming a career - high 36 home runs and knocking in 119 RBIs .
Toronto ’s Nester won the Wimbledon doubles crown for the second summer in a row .
But it was an unforgettable time for Sid the Kid .
Who does n’t remember that cool June 12 evening at Detroit 's Joe Louis Arena , when a jubilant Crosby hoisted the coveted Stanley Cup and then glanced up at the prized trophy like a child who was given the present he hoped for on Christmas morning .
" It 's everything you dream of , " Crosby remarked afterwards .
" It 's an amazing feeling . "
Crosby was n’t voted the Conn Smythe Trophy winner as the playoff MVP .
That honour went to his teammate Evgeni Malkin .
But Crosby was the focus of Detroit Red Wings coach Mike Babcock , who commanded his best defensive specialist Pavel Datsyuk to keep a watchful eye on the talented Crosby in the final .
Babcock , who as coach of the Canadian Olympic men ’s team will count on Crosby in Vancouver in seven weeks time , had a few words for the Penguins captain as the two shook hands after the final , " great leadership . "
Crosby experienced both joy and pain in the seventh and deciding game .
He missed most of the final 34 minutes of the 2 - 1 battle after Detroit ’s Johan Franzen nailed the Penguins captain along the sideboards at centre ice early in the second period , pinning Crosby ’s left knee .
Crosby departed to the dressing room and other than a 32 - second shift midway through the third period , he sat on the Penguins bench for moral support .
" We tried to make it so I could n't feel it anymore , but it just did n't work , " he explained .
At 21 , Crosby became the youngest player to captain his team to the Stanley Cup championship and did so in his fourth season .
Even Wayne Gretzky , who once predicted that Crosby would break all his scoring records , had to wait until he was 24 and in his fifth NHL year before he won his first of four Stanley Cups .
Crosby turned 22 on Aug. 7 , the same day he spent with the Stanley Cup .
He was serenaded with Happy Birthday throughout his tour with the Cup in his hometown of Cole Harbour , N.S .
Crosby arrived in Halifax in grand style aboard a military helicopter that landed on the deck of HMCS Preserver in Halifax harbour .
He met with members of the Canadian military and their families before heading across the city to the IWK Health Centre , the children 's hospital for the Maritimes , and later took part in a parade in his hometown .
The celebration continued into the evening with a street hockey tournament for children and a concert by Montreal singer Sam Roberts .
Crosby was selected first overall in the 2005 NHL draft .
In his rookie year in Pittsburgh , he became the youngest player to score 100 points in a season .
He led the NHL in scoring in his second season .
This fall he endured a brief slump , but swiftly rebounded .
As he approaches the midway point of the 2009 - 10 season , Crosby is on pace to post some of his best stats yet .
He has scored 22 goals and has a plus - 14 rating in 36 games , which has him on track to score a career - high 49 goals and a career - best rating of plus - 14 .
Why did the President win the Nobel Peace prize ?
- Because he ended the policy of pre-emptive war , which basically stated that the United States can do whatever the hell it wants .
-
Because he ended the mindless policy of not talking to our enemies .
If you wo n't talk to someone , how can you make peace with them ?
- Because the world was weary of America 's capricious selection of enemiesbased on our economic interests .
A wink and a nod for China , our banker , and bombs for everyone else .
- Because after a war based on lies which killed THOUSANDS if not MILLIONS of Iraqis , America has been smeared by the blood of all the innocents whose only crime was to be living in the wrong oil rich country at the wrong time .
-
Because he ended the policy of torture and secret prisons and lawlessness that saw agents of OUR country terrorizing people around the globe .
These changes were not small ones and not to be belittled .
. . we came within 7 percentage points of World War III , with Senator McCain wanting to take Georgia into Nato and go to war with Russia AND Iran .
Those folks cheering in the streets around the world were n't cheering for the " first black President " .
They were cheering for an end of tyranny and oppression from the " shining beacon on the hill " .
We take all these things for granted , because the bombs do n't blow up here , the carnage does n't fill the streets here , President Bush said it plainly - we fight them over THERE so we do n't have to fight them here .
So we Americans are oblvious and shocked at the impact our President has had on the lives of billions of people around the world , who once again can view the stars and stripes as a sign of a friend , and not a foe .
President Obama EARNED the Nobel prize by ignoring the " conventional wisdom " that said negotiating is weak , admitting error is weak , working in alliances is weak and finally recognizing that ALL PEOPLE are precious in God 's sight , not just Americans .
Well done , Mr. President .
Well done .
UPDATE : Thanks for the Rec List - like President Obama said - I 'm humbled .
REYKJAVIK ( Reuters ) - A Lufthansa flight en route from Frankfurt to Detroit with about 200 passengers made an emergency landing in Iceland on Saturday after it was found to be carrying luggage whose owner had not boarded the plane .
A bomb squad searched the Airbus 380-300 while the passengers remained on board , removing the luggage , said a spokesman at Keflavik International Airport near the Icelandic capital Reykjavik .
“ There was nothing suspicious in his luggage , ” Keflavik spokesman Fridthor Eydal told Reuters .
“ It seems the passenger in question somehow missed the plane after having checked in . ”
The scare followed an incident on a plane approaching Detroit on Friday in which a man was arrested after trying to ignite an explosive device , according to U.S. authorities .
A Lufthansa spokesman in Germany said of the two - hour stopover in Iceland : “ The U.S. authorities have been informed about this .
It was an unfortunate coincidence . ”
The passenger jet took off again for Detroit once the search was concluded .
This is the place for the inquisitive entrepreneurial minds and also the ones who are newly stepping into the business world .
You ’ll have access to the valuable business tactics and advises required to take your business to great heights .
The sole purpose of laying the foundation of the online community is to educate people about the growing dimensions of ecommerce .
Anthony is determined to let his professional business life be a lesson for all the ones struggling .
If you ’re having a hard time learning the business strategies or the business is n’t stable enough , it is n’t yielding profits , or the business startup seems though , worry no more .
Make the wealthy affiliation with the online community and see the outcomes !
Anthony Morrison has been able to dig the gold due to the entrepreneurial spirit he ’s been blessed with ; coupled with determination .
By making a system of earning money online , the speaker brought an end to the financial struggles of his life .
Anthony might have been self - taught but
has a lot to share that can change the dynamics of your business or help you start a new one .
Learn the proven strategies to empower your business and join the table of the successful entrepreneurs .
The ever - evolving world of business will become a comfortable journey with the guideline and coaching from the best entrepreneur .
If you find yourself facing the following issue :
Want a job that suits the degree .
Tired of the arrogant boss .
Finds it hard to get up in the morning .
Facing business stability issues
We have it sorted out for you , give Anthony ’s ’ programmes a try !
Guides Dec 23 , 2009 2009 Holiday Survival Guide for Slackers
On November 1st of this year I arrived at work to find a Christmas tree in the lobby of my building .
NOVEMBER FIRST , PEOPLES !
That ’s just …come on .
Can I at least stagger around in a post - Halloween sugar high for a day — 24 - freakin ’ hours ?!— before I have to start agonizing over the halls ( and shoppers ) in dire need of decking ?
Apparently not .
The scope of the season has crept outward annually , and I expect this to only accelerate going forward .
Soon December 26th will be the only day free from its taint , like that brief post - coital moment when a man is able to think about something other than sex ( “ You know , I think I forgot to pay taxes this year … ” ) .
For slackers like me , the biggest problem with holidaflation is how difficult remembering to buy presents becomes .
Back when our nation still used the Advent Calendar , with the official shopping season starting on December 1st , you had a neat , bounded timeframe in which to work .
But kicking off the yuletide three months early makes it waaaaay too easy to procrastinate , such that you inevitably find yourself sitting in front of your computer monitor on December 23rd , reading an allegedly humorous gift guide , and realizing that the only Christmas - related transaction you ’ve been involved in recently was buying those two “ $ anta $ cratch ” lottery tickets at the 7 - Eleven to make up the difference between the $ 1.55 price tag on a pepperoni stick and the $ 3 minimum required for debit card purchases .
Well , here we are again , hauling your chestnuts out of the holiday fire with another compilation of well - after - the - last - minute gift suggestions .
As always , everything on this list is available for purchase via the wonders of the NetarWeb , and will arrive on your doorstep in time for Christmas .
Hahaha , that last bit is probably a lie .
In fact , your items might not even arrive by the start of Christmas 2010 , tentatively scheduled to begin next Thursday at noon .
There was a time when “ Yankee ingenuity ” meant inventing an airplane or splitting the atom , but that was before the eighth season of Laverne & Shirley reduced our national IQ to just a smidge over π .
The best we can do these days is to foist the world ’s stupidest product on our former BFFs .
Thus : Snuggie for Dogs !!!
Yes , following on the heels of Binder Clip : For Cats !! and The Wire Season 3 DVD Box Set : For Ferrets !! , the makers of the all - fleece SfD !!
would have you believe that shaving the hair off one animal and putting it on another is n’t just a hobby for the criminally insane .
Still , if you know someone who ( 1 ) was dumb enough to have bought a Snuggie for themselves ; and ( 2 ) refers to their mutt by some ridiculous portmanteau like “ labradoodle ” or “ bullshihtz , ” you probably ca n’t go wrong with this swatch of fastenable idiocy .
It ’s been nearly a decade since the iRobot Corporation revolutionized the piss - poor housekeeping / animal abuse industry with Roomba , a disc - shaped appliance that frees homeowners from the need to manually get trapped between a wastepaper basket and a copy of the New Yorker .
Now Friendly Robots ups the ante with the RoboMow , which takes all the comfort and convenience of the automatic vacuum and adds a whirling maelstrom of razor - sharp blades .
Watch your father ’s eyes light up as he opens this gift and visualizes the neighborhood ruffians disappearing beneath its inexorable swath of doom .
Patented technology converts mown grass and hooligans into mulch , fertilizing the lawn with the clippings and blood of the innocent .
All Pa will have to do is stand bathrobe - clad on his doorstop , drowning out the pleas for mercy with cackling and shouts of “ That ’s why they call it shortcutting , sonny ! ”
It ’s the season of giving , sure , but it ’s important to pamper yourself as well .
This year , why not treat yourself to Rednex , the “ Swedish manufactured techno / folk / bluegrass group ” that turned “ Cotton Eye Joe ” ( aka “ the point at which you leave the wedding reception ” ) into a grade - a weaponized earworm .
Yes , for only $ 2,900,000 you get the band itself , plus “ the Trademark - the Music - the Tour - the Record Deals … ” and everything up to and including their one groupie , Thorbjörg .
The website also says you will “ get your name in all future encyclopedias as the first person ever to buy a no .
1 pop band , ” which strikes me as a dubious claim , but how can you not trust an organization with a misspelled racial slur as a name ?
Anyway , just think of what you can do once the band is in your possession .
I would recommend burying them - along with all extant copies of “ Cotton Eye Joe ” - in the same landfill as them Atari 2600 E.T. cartridges .
True story :
When I was a kid , like maybe five or six , my younger sister and I got into an argument , during which we strived to establish , once and for all , who among us was the larger dum - dum .
“ You ’re a dum - dum ! ” I distinctly remember saying , a volley that was met with a rousing “ No , you ’re a dum - dum ! ! ” as rebuttal .
This debate raged on for —oh Christ , probably like an hour , given that this was the early ’ 70s and our only other entertainment option was an Etch - a - Sketch with a busted vertical knob .
When my father eventually entered the room and overheard our quarrel , he intervened with “ Do either of you even know what ‘ dum - dum ’ means ? ”
We gravely shook our heads , and he explained that the word was defined as “ beautiful butterfly , ” thereby teaching us two valuable lessons : ( 1 ) the futility of strife ; and ( 2 ) the utility of flat - out deception .
So this year , why not get your loved one 30 pounds of Dum Dum Pops ?
It ’s a great way to say “ You are my beautiful butterfly , ” as well as “ I clearly have no idea w/ r/t your needs and desires , and have once again just bought you something at random . ”
Here ’s how it works .
Step 1 : You entrust a number of documents to the fine folks at You ’ve Been Left Behind .
Step 2 : When the Rapture comes and the staff at Y.B.L.B. is whisked away to the Barbie Unicorn Princess Playset in the sky , some automated process sends the documents to those unworthy of joining you in your Eternal Reward .
( I do n’t understand exactly how this works , but I like to envision some sorry SOB in an underground DHARMA Initiative bunker , pressing a button every 108 minutes to ensure that your jpg of Nelson Muntz saying “ HA HA ! ” does n’t get sent to randy Uncle Joe prematurely . )
You know , given the people I associate with , I might use this service to send myself a postcard when the Rapture comes , just so I know it ’s happened .
“ Great news , ” it will read .
“ That lady on the bus is n’t going to bother you any more . ”
Once upon a time , when you had spirited discussions with your invisible friend while walking down the street , passersby would become concerned and authorities would be summoned .
Now , of course , you can simply pop in a Bluetooth earpiece and , even without turning it on , babble to yourself all day long without anyone being the wiser .
Unfortunately , your pal Aaron “ The Adjuster ” enjoys no such camouflage , and his propensity to refine the feng shui of his privates during staff meetings has gotten him into trouble on more than one occasion .
Enter : the Keyboard Jeans , prefect for the semipro ballplayer on your list .
“ Just installing Ubuntu on my pants , ” Aaron will tell curious coworkers , as he gets everything in order down under , silently thanking you for your thoughtful and career - salvaging gift .
As the paramount scholar of our time recently observed , “ Earth saw clmate chnge4 ions ; will cont 2 c chnges .
R duty 2responsbly devlop resorces4humankind / not pollute&destroy ; but cant alter naturl chng ” ( that ’s verbatim , God love ’er ) .
How Sarah Palin packs so much thinkin’ into 140 characters is beyond me , but clearly we must harness her power for the good of mankind .
And as most philosophers do their best cogitation while isolated , I suggest that we all chip in , buy her a 1.88 - acre island off the coast of Alaska , and have her confined to her new home by law , armed only with a lifetime supply of moose jerky and a pair of red pumps .
She ’ll still need access to her Twitter account , of course , to ensure that her further proclamations on global warming receive the audience they deserve .
2010 : “ thx4 the iland guyz ur the best ” ; 2015 : “ izzit my magination or is this place gettin smallr ? ” ; 2020 : “ halp I could use a ‘ bailout ’ lol . ”
Man , your buddy
Tiger is having a rough month , what with the revelations about that girl and that other girl and that other one and the girl , not to mention the transgressions .
It ’s the sort of jam you never want to see him in again .
So this year , pick him up the UroClub , the “ discrete , sanitary way for your urgent relief . ”
Created by a Board - Certified Urologist , the hollow club is designed for 14th - hole pit stops , but presumably could be adapted to any activity that would benefit from a secret and non-biological place to park a peter .
Plus , it does not come with an answering machine , so he would be like totally in the clear .
Just thank goodness no one gave him this last year :
Without the scandal , the news outlets would have had to spend November and December covering health care or some horseshit .
The Salatschleuder OSR is a uhhmmm like a canvas bag ?
And it comes with a salad in it ?
Or maybe you put salad in it ?
Except why would you put a salad in a canvas bag , fuck if I know .
Honestly I did n’t really do my research on this one guys , but the website is in German , I ’ve been drinking Amstel Light for hours , it ’s like 2 a.m. , and really need a 10th item to finish this list .
So : Salatschleuder OSR !
If someone in your life has expressed a desire to “ zusammengefaltet ” or possibly “ flach am Haken , ” this could very well be the salad and / or canvas bag - related contraption of which they have always dreamed .
Christ , how many of these Amstel Lights do you need to drink to get a buzz on ?
Like 30 ?
Or , if worse comes to worse , you could give everyone leftover Halloween candy .
“ I was so enthusiastic about Christmas this year that I acquired your gift a full day before the season officially began , ” you could write in their card .
Of course as “ the season ” continues to march forward in the calendar year , you 'll have to shift the timeframe of your gifts to stay ahead of the curve .
By 2013 you ’ll be giving them colored eggs that you hardboiled in May .
Happy holidays !
From Puck Stops
Here over at Kukla 's Korner :
It is far enough into the season to begin to look at the free agent signings made this summer .
One stands out as being a complete failure so far .
Martin Havlat left the Chicago Blackhawks to sign with the Minnesota Wild .
He signed a five year contract worth $ 30 million .
He was intended as a replacement for NHL goal scoring leader Marian Gaborik , who had jumped to the New York Rangers , but it has not worked out that way .
They make their case with stats on the main post , so go read it .
It 's short , check it out .
Just keep these two things in mind while reading .
Martin Skoula has 3 Goals and 5 Assists in 21 games .
Kurtis Foster has 3 Goals and 3 Assists in 18 games .
Havlat has 2 Goals and 9 Assists in 22 games .
So , Havlat is on par , production wise , with Skoula .
And only slightly better than Foster .
That fact that Havlat is a candidate for worst signing would be a difficult point to argue .
Havlat is clearly a disappointment here in Minnesota .
Gaborik is ripping apart the East , as even the largest skeptic ( me ) would have predicted .
Lats , Ebbett , and Kobasew have made a much larger impression on this team than Havlat has , and they have far less expectation .
Can anyone think of another free agent signing , across the entire league , that has been a bigger flop than this one thus far ?
For the sake of our own sanity ... anyone ?
Please ?
Mike Komisarek as KiPA suggested over at Hitting the Post ( look at Montreal ) ?
Khabibulin in Edmonton as KiPA suggests in another post ?
Those two are pretty bad .
I do n't think Brian Burke brought in Komisarek thinking he was going to save the team or be the team leader in points , as was expected for Havlat for the Wild .
Khabibulin is an interesting thought , as their entire season plan hinged on him , and he has now been hurt and completely unhelpful even when healthy .
Goaltenders also take more than their fair share of the blame when a team struggles , though , so maybe the Oilers just are n't all that good ( says the guy writing about the team in last place in the division ) .
So , anyone have any other suggestions ?
Worst free agent signing thus far ?
- Buddha
Database Migrations are an interesting piece of the Django community .
Rails has the functionality built in , but Django currently relies on third party apps for this functionality .
One of the core philosophies about not including apps in the Django core is that ideas percolate better in the fast release environment outside of the core .
When something goes into core , it is automatically seen as blessed , and will certainly become the defacto answer to a problem .
Leaving things outside allows multiple different implementations to develop ( as they did ) , and for one to become the standard ( which it has ) .
Along the way it has picked up ideas from others , and now provides a good answer to migrations .
I have talked about south in the past , using it to migrate test fixtures .
This serves as a basic tutorial and introduction into south as well .
South has emerged as the obvious choice for database migrations in the Django community .
We use it in production at work at the Journal World , and it has served us well .
Main Features ¶
Automatic Migrations ¶
Most of the migrations that I write , I do n’t write a single line of code .
South has the ability to how you model looked at the end of your last migration , and then extrapolate what has changed ( in most simple and modestly complex cases ) .
There are obviously times that it falls down , but for simple addition , deletion , and modification of fields it has worked almost flawlessly for me .
With a simple command , it will do all your work for you .
django - admin .
py migrate app_name -- auto
It has problems with Generic Foreign Keys and a couple of other more complex models .
However , I would say that it absolutely nails the 80 % case that most migrations fall in to .
Fake ORM ( “ ORM Freezing ” ) ¶
This is a feature that South has grown from it ’s Migratory roots .
I think it is one of the best conceptual features for migrations .
It allows you to use a Fake ORM ( the real ORM , applied to the aforementioned fake models ) , to do data transformation in your migrations .
This example from the tutorial shows the value : def forwards ( self , orm ) : for adopter in orm .
Adopter .
objects . all ( ) : try : adopter .
first_name , adopter .
last_name = adopter .
name .
split ( " " , 1 ) except ValueError : adopter .
first_name , adopter .
last_name = adopter .
name , " " adopter . save ()
Database Independent ¶
This sounds like an obvious feature , but a lot of the approaches for migrations were only viable on one database .
The support for SQLite is still lacking , but that is because of fundamental limitations in the way SQLite works .
Most people using SQLite can just wipe their database and start over , if not , you should probably be using another database .
It knows when you ’ve been naughty ¶
South keeps track of all the migrations that you have run , and it intelligently informs you if you have missed a migration .
It also supports inter-dependencies on migrations .
This allows you to be safe in your knowledge that your migrations will be run properly , and that state is maintained .
This sounds like a hand - wavey feature , but when you ’re migrating your data , knowing when things are n’t quite right is a nice feeling !
South also keeps track of the migrations that are on disk , and wo n’t let you migrate if they are different than previous runs .
This makes sure that you are n’t running against a different version of the code ; allowing you to be sure that the migrations being run are correct .
Russia and the US reached an outline arms agreement in July The US and Russia say they want a new nuclear arms treaty to enter force as soon as possible , after failing to agree a successor to the Start I pact .
The nations uphold the " spirit " of the 1991 Cold War -era treaty despite its end , the US and Russian presidents said in a joint statement .
Talks on a new accord are expected to continue after the treaty expires .
at midnight on Friday .
Russia 's foreign ministry said " intense efforts " were ongoing on a new treaty .
US President Barack Obama and his Russian counterpart , Dmitry Medvedev , agreed in July that a new treaty should bring deep cuts in nuclear warheads .
It is confusing that Start and Sort run concurrently
Paul Reynolds
World affairs correspondent New Start treaty likely
Washington has indicated it would like an interim agreement to come into force until a new treaty is negotiated .
The Start I agreement was signed by Mikhail Gorbachev and George Bush senior in the final days of the Soviet Union .
It led to deep cuts in nuclear arsenals on both sides .
The BBC's Tom Esslemont , in Moscow , says that in spite of frenetic diplomatic activity and the " reset " of relations between the two sides it was always going to be difficult for a replacement arms control treaty to come into force before Friday 's deadline .
Kremlin sources appear optimistic that something can be agreed while President Obama is in Europe next week to receive his Nobel Peace Prize .
But the details of the new , complex agreement have not been finalised .
It will also need to be ratified in both parliaments , and that could take months , our correspondent says .
Under the joint understanding signed in July , deployed nuclear warheads will be cut to below 1,700 on each side within seven years of a new treaty - a huge cut on Soviet - era levels .
In a joint statement , the US and Russian presidents said on Friday : " We express our commitment , as a matter of principle , to continue to work together in the spirit of the Start treaty following its expiration , as well as our firm intention to ensure that a new treaty on strategic arms enter into force at the earliest possible date . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
by
Searching for Online Colleges ?
My College Guide has an in - depth directory of online degrees and we 're here to help you find the one that best fits your individual needs .
What is an Online College ?
An online college provides the opportunity to take courses and earn a certificate or degree completely online .
But dedicated online colleges are not the only way to earn a degree online !
Traditional brick - and - mortar colleges and universities – the ones with strong reputations and names you recognize – now offer degree programs that can be completed partially or entirely online .
So when it comes to learning online , there are a lot of options !
Is Online College Right for You ?
In order to determine whether or not online college is a good fit for you , you will have to do some self - reflection .
Here are a few steps to get you started :
Know Yourself – Many online classes do not follow a week - to - week schedule , so you will be expected to work at your own pace and complete everything by the end of the term .
Without much structure , it can be easy to fall behind .
Will you be motivated and self - disciplined enough to do your work and stay on track ?
Assess your access – Online courses require a fast , reliable , and up - to - date computer and internet connection .
You may also need a printer , web cam and headset , flash drive and other software or tools related to your field of study .
Try searching “ technology requirements ” or “ computer requirements ” on your school ’s website to find out what you will need .
Try before you buy – Massive Open Online Courses ( MOOCs ) are free , no -credit online courses that are open to anyone .
What better way to find out how well you do on your own ?
And on top of that , it will demonstrate initiative to college admissions officers .
It is important to think about these things and be realistic about your specific circumstances .
While online learning is a great option that allows tremendous flexibility and convenience , some students truly need the structure of in - person learning .
How to Choose the Best Online College for You
There are many top - notch online colleges out there , but not all will be a good fit for you .
Take the time to consider these questions :
What are your professional goals ?
Does the school offer the program / major you ’re looking for ?
Does the school offer the degree level you ’re looking for ?
As an online learner , are there times you will need to be on campus for an event ?
How will classes fit into your schedule ?
How long will it take to complete the program ?
Can you take classes at your own pace and / or are there accelerated options ?
Is the school accredited ?
Does the school have a positive reputation ?
Will the school prepare you to move into your profession immediately ?
Does the school offer the support programs – tech support , career counseling , access to online libraries , tutoring , etc – that you may need ?
What kind of financial aid is available ?
As you consider these questions and narrow down your list , you may also wish to consult college rankings and reviews online .
Gather as much information as you can to ensure that you find an online college and program that will help you achieve your goals .
What are the Benefits of Online College ?
Millions of students from around the world are opting to pursue their college degrees online .
Here are just a few of the reasons this format is so appealing :
Flexibility – Online classes can fit around existing commitments , such as work or family life .
If you need to read over breakfast or listen to lectures during your morning commute , no problem !
– Online classes can fit around existing commitments , such as work or family life .
If you need to read over breakfast or listen to lectures during your morning commute , no problem !
Cost – Lower tuition prices at some schools , fewer course materials , no commuting costs
– Lower tuition prices at some schools , fewer course materials , no commuting costs Career advancement – Completing college courses while working is tough and can show your boss , coworkers and others that you are ambitious .
– Completing college courses while working is tough and can show your boss , coworkers and others that you are ambitious .
Pace –
You can work on your degree at your own pace , whether that means taking just 3 college credits at a time , or opting into an accelerated degree program that will help you graduate sooner .
– You can work on your degree at your own pace , whether that means taking just 3 college credits at a time , or opting into an accelerated degree program that will help you graduate sooner .
Convenience –
You can work around obstacles like traffic , health issues , childcare conflicts , inconsistent work schedules , etc .
Online learning is extremely adaptable , allowing you to keep your existing commitments and simply add school in .
If you manage your time well and can stay disciplined about getting things done , this learning method may be the perfect choice !
How Should You Choose an Online College ?
Follow these 4 steps to help you select an online college .
Step 1 : Determine whether the school is accredited .
Choosing an accredited online college is very important .
To become accredited , colleges must meet certain quality standards that are established and evaluated not by the U.S. Department of Education , but by private agencies .
There are two main types of accreditation in the US : regional and national .
Regional accreditation is the “ gold standard . ”
It ’s the most widely recognized and respected , and what most people mean when they ’re discussing accreditation .
According to the U.S. Department of Education , more than 85 % of all colleges in the U.S. are regionally accredited .
Attending a school that is regionally accredited will allow you to apply for federal and state financial aid , transfer college credits and degrees more easily , and will provide better employment opportunities upon graduation .
Nationally accredited schools , on the other hand , are typically for - profit schools , often offering vocational or technical programs .
Because the programs are so highly focused and varied , the accreditation requirements are not as standardized as they are for regional accreditation .
National accreditation is still a good thing , but it ’s hard to assess its merits when the standards are n’t the same across the board .
This is why students at nationally accredited online colleges sometimes have trouble transferring credits to regionally accredited online colleges , and why graduates sometimes have trouble getting licensed in their field .
Step 2 : Select the degree level you will need .
Online degrees can be earned in 2 years , or over as many as 12 years !
Which degree level you choose to pursue will depend largely on your career goals .
Here are some of the options :
Associate
You can earn an associate degree in about 2 years , if enrolled full - time .
According to 2019 data from the BLS , the median weekly earnings for someone with an associate degree are $ 887 .
This type of degree can open the door to vocational or administrative support careers , but will have the highest return on investment in fields like healthcare , technology and engineering .
It may also be used as an affordable means to earn general education credits before transferring to a 4 - year program .
Bachelor’s
You can earn a bachelor ’s degree in about 4 years , if enrolled full - time .
The 2019 data from the BLS shows median weekly earnings for bachelor ’s degree holders at $ 1248 .
This degree is required for most entry level jobs in the business and tech fields , as well as in many other careers .
When employers require applicants to have a degree , they are typically looking for a bachelor ’s degree .
Master ’s
You can upgrade your bachelor ’s degree to a master ’s in just 1 - 3 years , depending on how accelerated the program is .
Median weekly earnings for someone with a master ’s are $ 1497 , according to the BLS .
A master ’s degree offers advanced knowledge of a specialized field , enabling you to advance your career , increase your earning potential , or move into a new field .
Doctorate
Some doctoral programs accept students with a bachelor ’s degree , while others require a master ’s .
The doctoral program itself may take 4 - 8 years , depending on the field .
The BLS reports a median weekly salary of $ 1883 for individuals with a doctorate .
Step 3 : Decide on a major .
When it comes to online degrees , the sky ’s the limit !
Online schools offer hundreds of majors to consider , ranging from business to art , from nursing to criminal justice .
The most popular online degree is in Business Administration .
The skills gained with this degree can be applied in nearly any career .
Grads may go into sales , marketing , financial analysis or entrepreneurship and can expect to earn an annual salary of anywhere from $ 61,150 per year as a Public Relations Specialist to more than $ 116,720 as a Human Resources Manager .
Nursing is the second most popular online degree , and is also in high demand .
Registered nurses can earn around $ 73,300 per year .
Here are some of the other exciting subjects you can choose from :
Accounting
Art & Design
Business Administration
Communications
Computer Science
Counseling
Criminal Justice
Education
Engineering
English
Finance
Healthcare Administration
Information Technology
Marketing
Nursing
Political Science
Psychology
Religion / Theology / Ministry
These are just a few examples of popular choices , but almost any degree you can think of can be earned online !
Step 4 : Consider the amount of flexibility you need
The primary benefit to online learning is the flexibility , and only you know how much flexibility you need .
If you have a young family , you may be looking for a program that you can fit in during naptimes or after the kids are in bed , and that will allow you to be unavailable all day if something comes up .
Perhaps you have an elderly or disabled relative to care for , and need schooling to work around that .
You may have a career and wish to squeeze schoolwork in during your lunch hour or on your evening commute .
Perhaps you travel for work , and need to be able to study in an airport or while abroad .
Whatever your needs are , there is likely an online college program that is flexible enough to accommodate you .
Asynchronous vs. Synchronous – Attend online classes live or anytime ?
When it comes to online learning , there are two formats : asynchronous , which is self - paced , and synchronous , which is live in real - time .
The two formats differ in how they present course materials and handle student communication .
To determine which is best for you , you ’ll need to consider your schedule and your learning style .
Here are some comparisons to help you decide :
Online Course Format Tools Used for Class Participation Best Suited For… Asynchronous ( Self - Paced ) Learning is at your own pace .
You can watch or listen to lectures and complete coursework anytime , anywhere .
Use email to correspond with professor and other students
Class material can be transmitted via streaming audio or video
Discussion boards are used as a primary means of class interaction Asynchronous learning is best suited for students who are : Self - starters
Self - disciplined
Goal - oriented
Do not want or need constant interaction and instruction during the course Synchronous ( Live , in real time ) Instruction happens live , in real time .
Classes meet online at a set time and you must be logged on and present .
Instant chat helps you communicate with peers and instructor during class
Video & web conferencing may be used to facilitate lectures
Online whiteboard may be used for collaboration Synchronous learning is best suited for students who :
Thrive in a collaborative environment
Need or desire live interaction with peers and instructors
Prefer sticking to a set schedule
Are organized
There are benefits and drawbacks to both formats , so sometimes instructors are able to create a hybrid format to accommodate both types of learners
Types of Online Colleges
There are a number of ways to obtain the education and training necessary to reach your career goals .
You may consider a trade school or traditional university , 2 - or 4 - year option , public or private , for - profit or not - for - profit .
Each option has its advantages and disadvantages , so we have gathered some of the most important information to help you decide .
Benefits Drawbacks Best Suited For… Trade schools
Low tuition cost
High acceptance rate
Hands - on training
Focused education ( no unrelated classes )
Faster to complete
Not as much financial aid available
Difficult to change careers
People who have a clear idea of what they want to do
People who already work in field and want to advance 2 - Year Colleges Low tuition cost
High acceptance rate
Easy to transfer Limited career options
Limited curriculum Non-traditional students / Adult learners
Students who need to save money
Students who are unsure of their career goals
Students who need training or certification 4 - Year Public University Low tuition rates ( especially for in - state residents )
Wide selection of majors
Higher paying career Course availability
Less individual attention
Less access to instructors Students who want an opportunity to explore many subjects
Students who want to continue on to more advanced degrees Private Not -For - Profit University Less expensive than for - profit
Wide selection of majors
More financial aid available More expensive than public schools
Low acceptance rate Students who want prestige
Students who want a challenging program
There is no ideal type of college , as each one meets the needs of a different student .
Which factors weigh most heavily in your case ?
How to Afford Online Education
College is an expensive endeavor , no matter what .
Knowing how much an online education costs , what assistance is available and how you can save money can help you prepare .
How Much Does Online College Cost ?
The cost of an online degree will vary greatly , depending not only on the school itself , but also on the type of school ( public or private , for - profit or not - for - profit ) , whether the student is in - state or out - of - state , the chosen degree level and major .
Your own financial aid will also influence the cost and can vary between schools .
For comparison , let ’s look at online bachelor ’s degrees for in - state students .
Here are a few budget - friendly choices :
University of North Carolina - Pembroke ( NC ) , $ 6360
Western Carolina University ( NC ) , $ 6480
Daytona State College ( FL ) , $ 11,040
University of Central Florida , $ 12,600
University of Florida , $ 13,440
The average total cost of an online degree from a public , in - state college is more like $ 38,516 , according to 2019 - 2020 data from U.S. News and World Report .
In - state vs. out - of - state college expenses
When it comes to traditional schooling , the differences between in - state and out - of - state public school tuition are pretty obvious .
If you want to attend a public college in the state you legally reside in , you ’ll get a deal .
If you want to attend a public college in another state instead , you will pay as much as $ 10,000 more per year .
This , of course , is because residents are paying taxes that help fund the infrastructure of their state schools , while non-residents are not .
But what about online learners , who are n’t necessarily benefiting from the school ’s infrastructure ?
Well , it varies by school .
Some colleges follow the same guidelines used for traditional students , charging out - of - state premiums to non-residents .
Some colleges charge all online learners their in - state tuition rate , no matter where they reside .
And still other colleges have an entirely separate tuition rate for online students , which does not differentiate between in - state and out - of - state .
As you consider online colleges outside your state of residence , be sure to ask the admissions or financial aid department about the school ’s in - state vs out - of - state tuition policy for online learners .
How to pay for your online degree
Many people let cost deter them from pursuing higher education , but there are ways to make an online degree more affordable .
For example :
Complete the FAFSA to find out if you are eligible for grants , low - interest student loans or work - study opportunities
Ask your employer about tuition assistance programs
Utilize college scholarship search engines such as Fastweb and Scholarships.com
Look for local businesses and organizations , including unions and churches , that offer scholarships
Look for professional organizations that offer scholarships
Ask the school about college payment plan options
Look into private student loans
Take on a part - time job for extra income and potential tuition assistance
You will likely be surprised by what financial assistance you are able to find and qualify for !
Scholarships for online students
The number of businesses , organizations and other entities that offer college scholarships is mind - blowing !
Most scholarships do not specify that applicants must attend on - campus , so they are open to online learners as well .
You can also find … .
Scholarships by Major
Scholarships by State , City or Region
Scholarships by Age
Scholarships by Gender
Scholarships by Ethnicity
Scholarships by Religion
Scholarships by Sexual Orientation or Lifestyle
Scholarships for Working Adults
Scholarships for Single Parents
Scholarships for Seniors
Scholarships for Adults with Disabilities
Scholarships for Women
Scholarships for Specific Talents
Scholarships for Athletes
Scholarships for Artists
Scholarships for Community Involvement
Scholarships for Certain Hobbies and Interests
You can look for scholarships by using search engines like Fastweb and Scholarships.com as well as by checking local businesses , community organizations , churches , and professional organizations .
And do n’t forget to check with the school to which you are applying to see if they have scholarship opportunities !
Ways online students can save
In most cases , reputable , accredited colleges and universities charge the same tuition rate for online classes as they charge for classes held in on - campus classrooms , but online students can save in other ways .
For example , online students save by avoiding the following expenses :
Dorm housing
Campus meal plans
Parking fees
Commuting costs
Textbook fees
Activity fees
Athletic fees
Though online students may be charged an additional technology fee , they often still come out ahead !
Online Colleges by State
Even though online college opens the door to schools world - wide , some students choose to enroll in a school right in their home state .
Reasons for choosing an online degree from a nearby college or university include :
To avoid out - of - state fees ( some schools waive these for online students , but not all )
To be a part of campus activities , events or sports
To utilize campus services and facilities ( such as a library or gym )
To have the option of taking on - campus classes at a later date
If you ’d like to find an online college degree program in your state , check out our listings by state !
Online Colleges FAQ
Is online college cheaper ?
It might be .
Usually colleges charge the same tuition rate for online and on - campus students .
However , there are some additional expenses that online students avoid , such as :
Out - of - state tuition rates ( some universities waive these for online learners )
Dorm expenses
Meal plans
Parking fees
Commuting costs
Text book fees
Activity fees
Athletic fees
While there may be additional fees for online students – such as technology fees – these are usually nominal , and online students still save money overall .
What kind of degree can I get online ?
You can get a degree of any level ( certificate , undergraduate or graduate ) in nearly any field online !
Some of the most popular , highest - paying online degrees are in :
Computer Science
Business Administration
Education
Nursing
Computer Science
Engineering
Accounting / Finance
Logistics / Supply Chain Management
Marketing
Paralegal
Healthcare Management
But these are just a few examples .
You can pursue an online degree in almost any field , without having to sacrifice your family or work obligations .
Are online degrees worth it ?
Yes , earning an online degree is worth the time , effort and cost !
In nearly every instance , earning a degree will improve your prospects for employment and your earning potential .
Here are the lifetime earnings for the 4 main degree levels :
Associates degree : $ 1,727,000
Bachelor ’s degree : $ 2,268,000
Master ’s degree : $ 2,671,000
Doctorate degree : $ 3,648,000
You can clearly see the earnings going up with each level of education .
This means that over the course of a 40 - year career , someone with a bachelor ’s degree will be eligible to earn $ 541,000 more than someone with an associate degree .
Upgrading from a bachelor ’s degree to a master ’s could earn you $ 403,000 more .
Going back to school is a big decision , but it may be necessary in order to change fields or earn a promotion or raise .
If you ’re on the fence , our article on going back to school as an adult can help you make a decision .
What is the average cost of online college ?
The average total cost of an online degree from a public , in - state college is $ 38,516 , according to 2019 - 2020 data from U.S. News and World Report .
But there are many factors that influence the cost of college – the school itself , the type of school ( public or private , for - profit or not - for - profit ) , whether it is in - state or out , the chosen degree level and the major , for example .
And of course your financial aid will impact the cost as well .
Is there a free online college ?
There is no free online college , but there you may be able to find opportunities to earn a college education for free .
If you commit to military service , or to teaching or working in an impoverished area after graduation , for example , you may qualify for a tuition - free program .
Exceptional athletic or music talent may also allow you to earn a degree for free .
And finally , some colleges offer free tuition to a limited number of low income students .
Tuition - free online college courses for high school students through adults , however , are easier to come by .
Massive Open Online Courses , called MOOCs , are online , college - level courses available to large - scale population for free .
They operate similar to online college classes in that there are lectures and forums , but there usually are not assignments or exams .
For more information about MOOCs , check out EdX , Coursera or Udacity .
BARCELONA , Spain ( Reuters ) -
The mysterious people who etched the “ Nasca Lines ” across deserts in Peru hastened their own demise by clearing forests 1,500 years ago , according to a study on Monday .
The figure of a spider is seen in a desert plain in this undated file photo of an aerial view of the Nazca lines south of Lima , Peru .
REUTERS / file
The Nasca people , famed for the lines that depict animals or geometric shapes most clearly visible from the air , became unable to grow enough food in nearby valleys because the lack of trees made the climate too dry , scientists said .
The report , led by Cambridge University in England , said that the findings showed a need for more action now to protect the world ’s arid lands .
“ An ancient South American civilization which disappeared around 1,500 years ago helped to cause its own demise by damaging the fragile ecosystem that held it in place , ” the university said in a statement .
The Nasca people cleared valleys for farming by felling huarango trees -- a key species which can live more than 1,000 years and helps regulate soil fertility and moisture .
“ Eventually , they cut down so many trees that they reached a tipping point at which the arid ecosystem was irreversibly damaged , ” it said of the findings published in the journal Latin American Antiquity .
Previously , the disappearance of the Nasca people has been blamed by some archaeologists on an extreme El Nino weather event that caused rains and catastrophic floods .
“ These were very particular forests , ” said David Beresford - Jones , leader of the study .
“ The huarango is a remarkable nitrogen - fixing tree and it was an important source of food , forage , timber and fuel for the local people . ”
Its extremely deep roots helped create a moist microclimate and its leaves provided fertilizer .
Remaining huarango forest in the region is now being destroyed by illegal charcoal - burning operations .
The statement said that most scholars believe the Nasca lines , on a desert plain , were sacred pathways used in rituals .
It said “ wild theories ” included that they were etched by aliens .
“ The mistakes of pre-history offer us important lessons for our management of fragile , arid areas in the present , ” said co-author Oliver Whaley of the Royal Botanic Gardens , Kew .
Climate negotiators from 175 nations will meet in Barcelona , Spain , from November 2 - 6 for a final round of talks before governments are due to agree a new U.N. pact to combat global warming in Copenhagen in December .
In Barcelona , measures to protect tropical forests will be under consideration to curb greenhouse gas emissions .
Trees soak up carbon dioxide as they grow and release it when they rot or are burned .
THANK YOU TO MY SECRET SANTA IN WISCONSIN !!
Gifts included : Goggles , Mini Microphone , Reddit Cut-Out , Tetris Jr. , The Sammy
I work at an English academy in Korea , and that 's where I had my gift shipped .
I got an assortment of small , travel friendly things ( hooray ! ) .
One of the items was a pair of goggles ( random ! ) , which I immediately put on .
I let my hair down since it was wet from showering just before work , and taught my classes wearing them .
A lot of the students were asking me about the goggles , to which I responded , " I just went swimming .
In the river just down the road .
That 's why my hair is wet . "
Students : " It 's very cold ! "
Me : " No no .
Perfectly fine .
Very warm . "
Yes , some of the students are that gullible .
Dr. McCarthy coined the term artificial intelligence in the 1950s .
Before coming to SAIL he developed the LISP programming language and invented the time - sharing approach to computers .
Mr. Earnest designed the first spell - checker and is rightly described as the father of social networking and blogging for his contribution of the finger command that made it possible to tell where the laboratory ’s computer users were and what they were doing .
Among others , Raj Reddy and Hans Moravec went on to pioneer speech recognition and robotics at Carnegie Mellon University .
Alan Kay brought his Dynabook portable computer concept first to Xerox PARC and later to Apple .
Larry Tesler developed the philosophy of simplicity in computer interfaces that would come to define the look and functioning of the screens of modern Apple computers  what is called the graphical user interface , or G.U.I .
Don Knuth wrote the definitive texts on computer programming .
Joel Pitts , a Stanford undergraduate , took a version of the Space War computer game and turned it into the first coin- operated video game  which was installed in the university ’s student coffee house  months before Nolan Bushnell did the same with Atari .
The Nobel Prize - winning geneticist Joshua Lederberg worked with Edward Feigenbaum , a computer scientist , on an early effort to apply artificial intelligence techniques to create software to act as a kind of medical expert .
John Chowning , a musicologist , referred to SAIL as a “ Socratean abode . ”
He was invited to use the mainframe computer at the laboratory late at night when the demand was light , and his group went on to pioneer FM synthesis , a technique for creating sounds that transforms the quality , or timbre , of a simple waveform into a more complex sound .
( The technique was discovered by Dr. Chowning at Stanford in 1973 and later licensed to Yamaha . )
The laboratory merged with the computer science department at Stanford in 1980 , reopened in 2004 , and is now enjoying a renaissance .
Its trajectory can be seen in the progress made since 1970 , when a graduate researcher programmed a robot to automatically follow a white line under controlled lighting conditions at eight - tenths mile per hour .
Thirty - five years later , a team of artificial intelligence researchers at Stanford would equip a Volkswagen Touareg named Stanley with lasers , cameras and a cluster of powerful computers to drive autonomously for 131 miles over mountain roads in California at an average speed of 19.1 miles per hour to win $ 2 million in the 2005 Darpa Grand Challenge , a robotic vehicle contest .
“ We are a first - class citizen right now with some of the strongest recent advances in the field , ” said Sebastian Thrun , a roboticist who is the director of SAIL and was one of the leaders of the Stanley team .
The reunion also gave a hint of what is to come .
During an afternoon symposium at the reunion , several of the current SAIL researchers showed a startling video called “ Chaos ” taken from the Stanford Autonomous Helicopter project .
An exercise in machine learning , the video shows a model helicopter making a remarkable series of maneuvers that would not be possible by a human pilot .
The demonstration is particular striking because the pilot system first learned from a human pilot and then was able to extend those skills .
But an artificial intelligence ?
It is still an open question .
In 1978 , Dr. McCarthy wrote , “ human - level A.I. might require 1.7 Einsteins , 2 Maxwells , 5 Faradays and .3 Manhattan Projects . ”
Take the R Out of BRIC
As Russia proudly boasts its prominence at G - 20 summits , gatherings of the BRIC countries ( Brazil , Russia , India , and China ) , and other global economic round tables , an embarrassing question arises .
Does Russia really deserve to be a BRIC ?
The country ’s economic performance has plummeted to such a dismal level that one must ask whether it is entitled to have any say at all on the global economy , compared with the other , more functional members of its cohort .
I have just returned from Moscow , which is always dreary around this season .
But this year , the mood among the capital ’s eloquent liberal economists has hit a new low .
For the last seven years , Russia has undertaken no significant economic reforms .
Instead , the state has been living off oil and gas , like a lucky but undeserving rentier .
With oil prices hovering just above $ 75 per barrel , the elite can stay afloat without much effort and even less development .
Russians talk about a new Brezhnev stagnation , a reference to the 1970s slowdown that a post -Soviet Russia had hoped to avoid .
Meanwhile , the Kremlin identifies itself with the BRICs — the world ’s leading emerging economies .
But Russia is clearly falling behind .
This year , China is likely to grow by 8.6 percent , India by 6.0 percent , and Brazil by 0.3 percent , according to J.P. Morgan .
Russia ’s GDP , on the other hand , may plunge as much as 8.5 percent .
Even worse , this year Russia is the worst performer among the G - 20 group of the world ’s largest economies .
In 2008 , Russia had the second - largest GDP of the four BRIC countries at current exchange rates .
This year , its GDP will drop far behind Brazil and possibly also India .
Of course , the country stands out in other undesirable ways from the G - 20 as well .
Although it is not the most authoritarian ( China and Saudi Arabia take top place in that category ) , anti-corruption watchdog Transparency International ranks Russia by far the most corrupt .
The consequences of this have been visible : Moscow has failed to build roads since 2000 .
In his Nov. 12 presidential address , President Dmitry Medvedev acknowledged that investments in infrastructure are a waste because projected costs are several times higher than justified .
Corruption is costly .
Nor is Russia a member of the World Trade Organization , unlike all other G - 20 countries .
It came close to entering that organization last June , but Prime Minister Vladimir Putin suspended the attempt , leaving Russia outside international trade debates .
If Russia is indeed falling out of BRIC , it is because that country ’s crisis is not financial but systemic .
Russia is suffocating from the dominance of corrupt state corporations and red tape — and oil is n’t going to save it this time .
The government bailed out the worst - hit state corporations and banks from financial crisis with its reserves last year , the third - largest such stock in the world .
The current growth crisis followed ; this massive misallocation of capital to state crony companies has depressed economic dynamism .
Meanwhile , the paralyzing gridlock between Putin and his chosen successor , Medvedev , only makes things worse .
A cruel joke is making the rounds in Moscow :
There is definitely a Putin camp and a Medvedev camp .
The question is , to which camp does Medvedev belong ?
What ’s clear is that the two sides fight persistently .
When the financial crisis struck , the reformist Medvedev camp rose in influence , but when the oil price surged again , the state - focused Putin camp returned with a vengeance .
Today , it ’s hands down the Putin show .
Falling out of influence , Medvedev has launched a devastating criticism of his partner ’s state capitalism .
" Should we drag into the future our primitive raw material economy and endemic corruption ? " he asked in his Web posting " Forward Russia " last September .
In particular , Medvedev criticizes " legal nihilism " and inefficient state corporations .
Perhaps what Medvedev hopes is that Russia ’s economic performance will prove so meager that it will force the country ’s rulers to embrace economic reforms .
The state corporations perform so poorly that not even an authoritarian polity can defend them much longer .
Most criticized are the armaments company Russian Technologies , the energy companies Gazprom and Rosneft , and the bank VTB .
The biggest corporate catastrophe among these is the state - dominated gas monopoly Gazprom .
At a time of global oversupply of gas , the company refuses to modernize , choosing instead to intimidate its customers in Europe .
Sagging demand and high prices have driven down its output 20 percent this year , but its management remains in denial .
Rumors abound that major CEOs will be ousted , and the government has spoken vaguely about privatizing 2,500 state companies .
There has been one concrete sign of what may be to come .
Putin ’s old media minister , Mikhail Lesin , was sacked on Nov. 18 by Medvedev because of " unethical behavior " and " conflicts of interest . "
Lesin had imposed government control over Russian television while allegedly running a related business empire of his own .
It was quite a surprise to see the Kremlin holding its cabinet to such standards .
Sooner rather than later , something will have to give .
Tension is growing between Medvedev ’s talk about modernization and the reality that the Kremlin is at a stalemate .
Russia is too rich , too well - educated , and too open to be so corrupt and authoritarian .
The country should just hope change can come fast enough that BRIC does n’t turn into BIC .
Deep in our Galaxy , approximately 30,000 light - years from Earth , a small gravitational monster is sucking matter from a companion star , causing the infalling matter to violently radiate X - rays and occasionally be launched to form radio - wave - emitting jets that emanate close to the speed of light .
This enigmatic binary star system , known as Cygnus X - 3 , has fascinated astronomers over four decades .
It is thought to be either a small black hole or a neutron star and an ordinary , albeit massive star orbiting each other .
Now , a team of researchers , including TKK's Metsähovi Radio Observatory , have made the first definitive detection of high - energy gamma rays from this system .
The findings may provide a new window on how Cygnus X - 3 accelerates charged particles to enormous energies .
The study is scheduled to appear in an upcoming Nature .
Detecting the gamma rays , the most powerful type of electromagnetic radiation , is a feat in itself , and in this study their detection were made possible by sensitive detectors on - board italian gamma-ray satellite AGILE ( Astro- rivelatore Gamma ad Immagini Leggero ) .
From these observations an unexpected clockwork pattern of the gamma-ray emission was noted , which always seems to occur just before the onset of the powerful radio jets .
" Cygnus X - 3 is a strange case indeed , being one of the brightest radio source in the Galaxy except when it descends into a radio quenched state .
And now these extremely energetic gamma rays have been observed during this state .
This may be indicating the preparation of the major radio flare , which follows just days after , when the source shoots up energetic radio jets from the core of the compact object , " says researcher Karri Koljonen from Metsähovi Radio Observatory .
The new gamma-ray findings are expected to shed also light on how distant quasars , powered by supermassive black holes , pump even greater amounts of energy into space .
Microquasars such as Cygnus X - 3 are the ideal laboratory for studying the jet phenomena that dominate the most luminous quasars ' emission .
Because the emissions from microquasars vary on time scales of days to weeks rather than decades like quasar emissions , they present a convenient test bed for probing quasar activity .
The gamma rays observed by AGILE were in the form of flares at energies of about 100 million electron volts .
Simultaneously the source was observed by AMILA ( Arcminute Microkelvin Imager Large Array ) and RATAN - 600 radio telescopes from UK and Russia together with NASA 's Swift and RXTE ( Rossi X- ray Timing Explorer ) X - ray satellites , which revealed that the flares preceded radio jets and occurred during a decline in high - energy X - rays from Cygnus X - 3 .
" The very complex behavior of Cygnus X - 3 requires monitoring throughout the electromagnetic spectrum from radio through X - rays and now including also gamma-ray emission .
Not until we have gathered data from all possible wavelengths we can start to form a unified picture of this enigmatic object .
Microquasars have strong magnetic fields which can store enormous amount of energy .
During these gamma-ray flares this stored energy can accelerate charged particles to observed high energies which prompts them to emit gamma rays .
Then the magnetic gate opens , and radio- emitting blobs are pushed out of the system producing the major radio flares , " Koljonen concludes .
Metsähovi will stay as a radio eyes for Cygnus X - 3 along with other international radio , infrared , X - ray and gamma-ray facilities .
This former riding school allegedly served as a CIA detention centre
The CIA set up at least two secret detention centres in Lithuania after the 11 September 2001 terror attacks on the US , a Lithuanian inquiry has found .
A parliamentary committee report says in 2005 and 2006 , CIA chartered planes were allowed to land in Lithuania .
It says that no Lithuanian officials were allowed near the aircraft , nor were they told who was on board .
Poland and Romania hosted similar CIA " black sites " , say reports by ABC News in the US .
In Lithuania , one centre on the outskirts of the capital Vilnius had room for eight terror suspects at a time , according to ABC News .
It was formerly a riding school and suspects were reportedly held there between 2004 and 2005 .
But the parliamentary report appears to absolve Lithuania 's political leaders of responsibility for any human rights violations that may have been committed by the CIA , the BBC's Rupert Wingfield - Hayes reports from Moscow .
It says even the president was unaware of exactly what the US intelligence service was doing .
Secret flights
The practice of " extraordinary rendition " and the long - suspected network of secret US detention facilities became among the most controversial aspects of the Bush administration 's response to the 11 September attacks .
" Extraordinary rendition " is the tactic of capturing militant suspects in one country and transporting them to another without judicial oversight .
The BBC 's defence and security correspondent Nick Childs says critics of the Bush administration saw it as a way of avoiding legal constraints and , in some cases , as they put it , " contracting out " torture - although American officials repeatedly denied the allegations .
The issue caused considerable strains between Washington and some of its key allies during President Bush 's administration .
Many governments - not least the British - have been under pressure to disclose what they knew , Nick Childs says , and the tactics the Americans did or did not use , and how extensively , remain murky .
US officials have hinted at perhaps dozens of prisoners having been held in secret detention centres .
A controversial European Parliament report , however , spoke of hundreds of so - called " rendition " flights .
So far , only one case has actually gone to trial .
Recently an Italian court convicted more than 20 American agents in their absence of being involved in the abduction of a Muslim cleric from the streets of Milan in 2003 .
US President Barack Obama announced early on that he was closing the foreign detention centre network .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Authorities in Florida say an 11 - year - old girl and her 15 - year - old boyfriend tried to set the girl 's mother on fire while she slept .
CLEARWATER , Fla . 
Police say an 11 - year - old girl plotted with her teenage boyfriend to kill the girl 's mother by setting fire to her bedroom as the woman slept Tuesday .
Samantha Broadhead and Jack Ault , 15 , were arrested after they allegedly poured gasoline on Nancy Broadhead 's bedroom floor and bed , then ignited it .
They then took the mother 's 2007 Ford Focus and fled the scene .
Clearwater Police spokeswoman Beth Watts said it appears an ongoing problem in the home escalated Tuesday .
" As for a motive or how this all came about , apparently it 's your typical teenaged angst that probably has been going on for some time and it escalated yesterday when the mother confronted the daughter about stealing a few of her cigarettes , " Watts said .
Nancy Broadhead was awakened by a smoke alarm in the home and was able to get out .
She sustained serious burns and smoke inhalation .
Broadhead was taken to Morton Plant Hospital and has since been transported to Tampa General where she was admitted to the burn unit .
Officials say her injuries are serious , but not life threatening .
She is now listed in fair condition .
Samantha Broadhead returned to the scene and agreed to go to police headquarters for questioning .
Jack Ault was located and taken into custody at a friend 's house .
Detectives charged both juveniles with attempted murder and arson resulting in serious injury .
Officials say Ault also faces a grand theft charge for stealing the victim 's car , which was recovered in a church parking lot in Clearwater .
Ault is being held at the Pinellas County Juvenile Assessment Center where he will undergo a psychiatric assessment .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The Fortress blog has a recent post , Why Object - Oriented Languages Need Tail Calls , where Guy Steele argues for the necessity of proper tail call implementations without rehashing two of the classic arguments : state machines and the continuation passing style .
It starts by mentioning William Cook 's On Understanding Data Abstraction , Revisited :
In this blog post we extend one of his examples in order to make a completely different point : object - oriented programming languages need tail calls correctly implemented , not just as a " trivial and optional " optimization of the use of stack space that could be achieved by using iteration statements , but in order to preserve object - oriented abstractions .
The post also mentions other papers previously discussed on LtU : Automata as Macros , and A Tail - Recursive Machine with Stack Inspection .
Lots of iPhone application developers are frustrated with the process to get new apps into your hands .
It takes about three weeks lately for an app to get approved and into the iTunes store .
Lately I ’ve noticed that some developers are avoiding building apps and , instead , are building custom web pages that are designed specifically for the iPhone .
I ’m not the only one , Marshall Kirkpatrick , over at ReadWriteWeb is seeing the same trend and yesterday featured several services that are building iPhone web experiences but not apps .
Examples you might be already using are Twitter ’s mobile site , or Techmeme ’s mobile site .
But yesterday another one came along from Nextstop , which is a cool new app for sharing cool things to do near you ( great for travelers to check out ) and they , too , decided on HTML5 instead of doing an iPhone app .
So , I visited them in their San Francisco offices and learned why they made the choices they did , got a demo of the new mobile site they built using HTML5 , and also talked about what their view of what ’s happening in the larger mobile industry is .
Some reasons Nextstop likes HTML5 :
1. Rapid iteration .
If they code a new feature tonight , you get it tonight .
No waiting three weeks for you to get their latest .
2 . It prepares their systems for building a native app .
Why ?
Because apps can include a Safari browser instance inside , so all of this work is reusable , even if they do a native app .
3 . It ’s easier to build and debug because you do n’t need to do a lot of specialized coding to make the native app work properly .
4 . It fits into the greater web easier for users .
In an iPhone app it can be jarring to take users out to a web browser , but if they already are in the browser they are used to going to other pages and back again using Safari ’s navigation .
Anyway , if you want to learn more about the latest thinking of iPhone app developers , this is a good video to watch .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
The years - long legal battle over millions of missing White House emails from George W. Bush ’s presidency may finally be drawing to a close .
“ We are very close to a final settlement , ” Anne Weismann , chief counsel for the watchdog group Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington ( CREW ) , tells Mother Jones .
“ We have been in negotiations with [ the White House ] for months , and I think they really want out from under all this . ”
CREW and another nonprofit , the National Security Archive , first sued the Bush administration in September of 2007 , hoping to force the White House to recover missing emails and implement an effective archiving system that would prevent important presidential records from being lost or misplaced in the future .
But the litigation has been on hold since March 2009 , when the Obama administration and the plaintiffs jointly agreed to pursue a settlement .
Details of the agreement are still being finalized , but Weismann says CREW expects to prevail in the three areas that are most important to her organization : “ restoration of missing emails , assurances going forward that the White House has an appropriate and effective electronic record - keeping system , and information about what happened . ”
( The White House and Justice Department did not immediately respond to a request for comment . )
Restoration of missing emails promises to be the trickiest part of the settlement agreement .
The White House first ran into archiving problems in 2003 , but did n’t begin to address the problem until October 2005 .
Only in the final days of the Bush administration did the White House begin working with contractors — including software giant Microsoft — to find missing messages .
The emails could potentially shed light on a range of historic events and nagging controversies , including details about the lead - up to the Iraq war and the leak of Valerie Plame Wilson ’s covert CIA identity .
The White House said earlier this year that between 10 and 20 million emails have been recovered that were either mislabeled or lost .
Some of the emails were resurrected from backup tapes covering days when White House analysts believed there were suspiciously low counts of archived emails , indicating that messages were not being captured .
( In January , the administration transferred nearly 100,000 backup tapes to the National Archives . )
Many of the emails in question can be requested under the Freedom of Information Act beginning in 2014 , five years after the close of the Bush administration .
The final settlement of the emails case would be another major victory for transparency advocates and one more concrete step the Obama administration has taken to live up to its pledge of improving government accountability .
In late November , the White House agreed to release most of its visitor logs on a regular basis — an unprecedented move .
Earlier this week , the Office of Management and Budget released a new government - wide open government directive , complete with tough , verifiable deadlines for agencies to improve transparency .
Before the end of the month , the administration may also release a new declassification policy that focuses on openness .
The Food and Drug Administration came down on Nestle earlier this month for marketing its childrens ’ juice boxes as “ medical ” foods .
In a Dec. 3 letter , the FDA said the company mislabeled its Boost drink , which comes in flavors like chocolate , vanilla and strawberry , “ as a medical food for the medical condition of ‘ failure to thrive ’ and also for ‘ pre / post surgery , injury or trauma , chronic illnesses . ’ ”
According to federal guidelines , the letter explains , “ medical foods must be for the dietary management of a specific disorder , disease , or condition for which there are distinctive nutritional requirements and must be intended to be used under medical supervision .
” Not sure “ failure to thrive ” really counts as a disease .
But wait , there ’s more .
A second letter dated Dec. 4 criticizes Nestle ’s Juicy Juice line for , among other things , claiming the drink “ helps support brain development ” in children younger than 2 .
Also , the letter said the labels “ may lead consumers to believe that the products are 100 % orange / tangerine juice or 100 % grape juice when , in fact , they are not . ” A Nestle representative told Reuters that the company would fully cooperate with the FDA .
But Nestle is n’t the first company to be accused of playing fast and loose with food labels to tug on those parental guilt strings -- there are many more common claims that may not raise federal ire .
Think of the phrases “ whole grain ” and “ good source of ___. ” Check out Consumer Reports ’ ShopSmart guide to tricky lingo -- No. 6 on the list , regarding Cheerios and the lowering of cholesterol , might sound remarkably similar to the FDA ’s issue with Nestle .
Children are n’t savvy enough to read between the marketing lines , so their parents must learn to be .
No excuses -- it ’s often as simple as turning that juice box over to check out the ingredients and the nutrition label .
-- Amina Khan
OTTAWA–Prime Minister Stephen Harper is outshining rival Michael Ignatieff and putting the Conservatives on track for a possible majority in the next election , a new Angus Reid Strategies / Toronto Star poll has found .
While party numbers remain static , Harper outscores Ignatieff on key questions of leadership that stand to give him a vital competitive edge among voters , said Jodi Shanoff , vice - president of public affairs for Angus Reid Strategies .
" This is not good news for Michael Ignatieff .
... Stephen Harper should be emboldened by numbers like these .
They are pretty encouraging for him , " she said yesterday .
The news is especially bad for Ignatieff since it suggests a TV advertising blitz and the Liberals ' headline - making declaration to no longer support the minority Conservatives has had little impact .
" It does n't appear that any of these things are getting any traction with Canadians yet , " she said .
The poll found the Tories are up 1 point to 37 per cent support from earlier this month , the Liberals remain at 29 per cent and the New Democrats are down a point to 16 .
" The polling numbers themselves do n't suggest that Stephen Harper is in majority territory yet , even though his lead is widening .
But all the other support indicators suggest ( he ) has all the momentum right now , " Shanoff said .
Canadians see Harper as better suited than Ignatieff to tackle the economy ( 33 per cent to 23 per cent ) , health care ( 23 to 16 ) and crime ( 38 to 12 ) .
The Liberal leader is more trusted by Canadians than Harper on the foreign affairs file ( 30 per cent to 28 per cent ) but , said Shanoff , " that 's not a substantive policy area that we stay up at night thinking about .
It 's the economy , it 's health care , it 's other things that we think Stephen Harper is doing a decent job with . "
The poll found that 27 per cent of Canadians favoured Harper as prime minister , compared to 16 per cent for Ignatieff and 12 per cent for NDP Leader Jack Layton .
The poll of 997 Canadians was conducted Sept. 23 and 24 , and has a margin of error of 3.1 percentage points , 19 times out of 20 .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Read more about :
The increase of teens smoking pot is partly because the national debate over medical use of marijuana can make the drug 's use seem safer to teenagers , researchers said .
In addition to marijuana , fewer teens also view prescription drugs and Ecstasy as dangerous , which often means more could use those drugs in the future , said White House drug czar Gil Kerlikowske .
The " continued erosion in youth attitudes and behavior toward substance abuse should give pause to all parents and policy - makers , " Kerlikowske said . [ AP ]
Marijuana use began to decline in 1997 among 8th graders and then did the same in 1998 among 10th and 12th graders .
The rate of decline was rather modest , however , perhaps due in part to effects of the public debates over medical use of marijuana during that period .
New data on youth drug use was released today and , as we 've come to expect , the drug warriors would rather lie about it than learn from it .
Instead of focusing on the fact that more high school seniors are smoking marijuana than cigarettes ( proving what a perfect failure our marijuana laws truly are ) , the drug czar and his minions tried to claim that debating drug policies causes more young people to do drugs :
Wait , what was that about the medical marijuana debate causing an increase in teen pot-smoking ?
According to The Associated Press , that 's what the " researchers said , " but the only reference to medical marijuana in the whole study tells a more interesting story :
So they never said marijuana use " increased " because of the medical marijuana debate .
Not even close .
All they did was speculate that a decrease -- which took place 12 years ago – would " perhaps " have been steeper if it were n't for the debate over medical marijuana .
I 'll give you one guess where I 'm about to go with this …
That 's what actually happened and the suggestion that such declines would have been greater if it were n't for marijuana activism is about as logical as arguing that Sgt.
Pepper would have been an even better record if The Beatles were n't on acid .
Rates of high school marijuana use had been climbing rapidly until 1996 , when California voters legalized medical marijuana , after which point they declined for 10 years straight .
Now I 'm not saying that the debate over medical marijuana caused a reduction in teen marijuana use , but even if I did , it would still make a lot more sense than what we read yesterday from The Associated Press .
Of course , I completely understand that journalists can’t possibly read and digest a 700 + page report .
That 's understandable , as is some reliance on press releases when piecing a story together .
But if you 're getting all your information from the drug czar , you should be awfully careful not to get taken advantage of .
A really good sign that you 've been completely worked over is if you end up reporting that the legalization debate causes kids to do drugs .
I went to the Arlen Specter / Joe Sestak Q&A panel today at Netroots Nation that was led by our own Susie Madrak .
Specter answered questions about why we should trust him since he switched parties and he made his case .
He 's a skilled politician and did a pretty good job trying to defend his lefty creds .
We did n't act like the Beckerwocky teabaggers do and he was treated with dignity , even if most of the audience supports Joe .
When he was questioned about Chuck Grassley 's " " We should not have a government program that determines if you 're going to pull the plug on grandma " he adamantly said Grassley was wrong and he said he would speak to him later today .
I yelled out " call him now ! " and several other audience members also yelled the same thing .
I waved my phone and said , " You can use my cell phone ! "
He said he would call him right away .
I followed him to the back of the arena and a bunch of us surrounded him as he made good on his promise .
He tried to reach Grassley , but got no answer .
As he was leaving , I was able to ask Specter if President Obama should kick Grassley out of the negotiating position he has for spreading egregious statements and falsehoods about health care .
Specter said that we should n't kick Grassley out of the Finance committee because senators are wrong at times , but he promised to stay after Grassley .
I think Obama should have Baucus kick him out of the negotiating process because he 's violated his duty by spreading lies about a health care bill he 's trying to legislate over .
UPDATE :
John Amato : Senator , one more quick question .
I 'm John Amato of CrooksandLiars .
Does Senator Grassley 's irresponsible statements and the fact that he's on the committee that 's negotiating for this health care bill , does n't that disqualify him , in other words , should n't Obama say , why should I even have him at the table if he 's going to make such outrageous statements ?
Specter : Does it disqualify him , no .
When he made that statement , it 's wrong .
If you disqualified every Senator who is wrong about something , there would n't be any Senators .
OK ?..
Well , now Specter and Grassley are involved in a Twitter war :
Well , Grassley never picked up .
So Specter tweeted all about it .
And Grassley is not pleased .
And in a narrow sense , Grassley 's right .
He did n't use the term " death boards " or " death panels . "
He said " There is some fear because in the House bill , there is counseling for end - of - life .
And from that standpoint , you have every right to fear ....
We should not have a government program that determines if you 're going to pull the plug on grandma . "
But in the broader sense , Specter 's got Grassley pegged .
Citizen journalism rocks !
We proved that once again .
Constructions Mecaniques de Normadie , or CMN has come up with new yacht for private and charter uses that truly gives new meaning the word Super Yacht .
At sixty meters , or over 196 ′ the Cloud 9 is even slightly bigger than the Jamaica Bay III , soon to be launched from the Nobiskrug shipyard in Germany .
It also has a deeper and longer hull , which not only makes sea travel much easier , but also allows the bilge deck to be higher , to better accommodate a full guest and crew roster .
Able to accommodate 12 charter guests , it includes many luxurious extras .
The master suite is a full beam duplex suite , with a private office , two bath and dressing rooms , one for him , one for her .
It also has a stair case that goes up a deck , to open up to a completely private forward observation area , with spectacular panoramic views .
A VIP cabin on the bridge deck also has a private balcony .
The exterior and interior design of this luxury yacht was made by the famous designer Andrew Winch and his super team .
There are many large and luxurious guest rooms to enjoy , all the lower deck cabins have king sized beds , with two suited offering beds that also convert into twin beds .
Each bedroom has large windows , each with great views , and a private bathroom .
With only seven guest bedrooms on the entire boat , this is made up for in large and luxurious living and socializing areas .
There is a private cinema area , with a large viewing screen , and a full gym that can also be converted into a spare bedroom .
Boredom will never be a problem with chartering on of these Cloud 9 luxury motor yachts .
When you are n’t watching a movie , lounging in the jacuzzi , working out on the treadmill in the gym , or even enjoying an elegant meal , there are still plenty of things to keep you entertained .
It has two 22 ′ Nautica Express tender boats , each outfitted with deck of composite teak , with easy access to water and shore activities .
Each one has poles for water skiing and wake boarding , including an assortment of skis and wake boards , plus many other tow behind toys .
There is a jet boat from Castoldi , Seadoo jet skis , plus kayaks .
You get snorkeling equipment , for people of all ages , and completely stocked safety equipment , like life jackets .
Also there are many beach style games , like volleyball , and full accommodations for dining and playing on the beach .
There is just so much that the Cloud 9 has to offer , it is no wonder why people flock from all over the world to charter one of these yachts .
Speaking of chartering one of these babies , there are many places you can reserve you own Cloud 9 .
There are many companies with this kind of yacht design , located all over the world , including the Pacific Northwest of America , the Mediterranean , the Caribbean , Australia and New Zealand , just to name a few .
It is a good idea to look up Cloud 9 charter services on the internet to see all the different ports where these luxury motor yachts can be found .
You would do well to make your reservations well in advance of your trip , because no matter what time of the year , space will be limited .
* * *
And now a small gift from me George Harrison – “ Cloud 9 ″ , Live in Japan , 1991 :
* * *
Related links :
CMN Yachts
Andrew Winch Designs
Foto : cmnyacht.com
People from several villages in Papua New Guinea 's highlands have gone on a massive drinking binge , after looting a truck carrying thousands of cartons of beer .
Police say a truck carrying 4,000 cartons of beer worth around $ 150,000 ran off a road in Chimbu province yesterday .
The driver was unhurt but local villagers flocked to the site , ripped open the trailer and looted the beer .
Superintendent Joseph Tondop told the National newspaper his officers had to disperse crowds of drunks who had gathered on the road to harass passers - by .
Another eyewitness told the paper almost everyone from three nearby villages was intoxicated .
Superintendent Tondop said he hopes common sense will return when everyone sobers up today .
If you Option - Click the Airport Menu you can get extended information about the wireless network you are connected to ( and the ones you ’re not as well ) , including Channel information , MAC address of the access point , signal strength , and the transmission rate .
This is Snow Leopard only , if you have n’t upgraded to Snow Leopard yet and your Mac is compatible , it ’s highly recommended .
Thanks to reader Jim Thorpe for the tip and screenshot !
Microscopic ridges contouring the surface of flower petals might play a role in flashing that come - hither look pollinating insects can't resist .
Michigan State University scientists and colleagues now have figured out how those form .
The result could help researchers learn to enhance plants ' pollination success and even could lead to high - grip nanomaterials and " green chemical " feedstocks .
" Surprisingly , our work on plant surface biochemistry became a birds and bees and flowers story , " said John Ohlrogge , MSU University Distinguished Professor of plant biology .
" It 's a fundamental property of plant flowers , and we 've discovered a basis of how these ridges are made . "
Known for 75 years , the exact biological function and nature of the flower nanoridges still eludes scientists .
They might help pollinating insects grip petals , and retain glistening water droplets that could attract the visitors .
Because the ridges ' spacing is approximately that of visible and ultraviolet light wavelengths , moreover , some recent research suggests they produce an iridescent shimmer that attracts pollinators .
To start , visiting professor Mike Pollard and former Ohlrogge post - doctoral research associates Fred Beisson and Yonghua Li tapped new genetic information to find a mutated strain of the standard research plant Arabidopsis thaliana -- mustard weed .
The petals have no such nanoridges because the mutation inhibits production of a polymer that forms the plant cuticle , which separates cell walls from plants ' waxy surfaces .
Examining the mutant plants ' flowers and comparing them to normal mustard plants under scanning electron microscopes , the researchers found that the ridges form from cutin polyester , not from underlying surfaces as some have speculated .
How that occurs -- from surface folding or uneven synthesis of cutin polymer across the cell wall , for example , has yet to be learned .
But the research will open doors to further research based on cuticular nanostructures , the researchers noted in a recent edition of the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
" That could include production of polyesters or related basic chemicals by genetically manipulating plants or microbes " said Beisson , now at Aix Marseille Université in Saint - Paul - lez - Durance , France .
A passenger riding Muni's J - Church Metro line was stabbed by a stranger Monday , an unprovoked incident that bore similarities to an attack in September on an 11 - year - old boy riding a bus , San Francisco police said .
Rachel " Ty " Brown , a 24 - year - old student at San Francisco City College who moved to the city just three months ago from Portland , Ore. , was riding an outbound train at Church and Market streets when she was stabbed at 10:40 a.m. , said police and Brown 's partner , Gabby Winder .
Brown was taken to San Francisco General Hospital , where she was in stable condition with a non -life - threatening wound to the left side of her abdomen , authorities said .
Brown was asleep next to Winder when the assailant , who had boarded at the Powell Street Station , stabbed her as he walked past the women , police and Winder said .
He then fled the train .
" He did n't say anything , " Winder said Monday night .
" It felt like he just punched her several times .
I tried to rub her side because it was hurting .
Then I saw all the blood in my hand . "
The operator said he did not see the stabbing , investigators said .
Another passenger alerted the operator , who summoned police .
Judson
True , spokesman for Muni , said the transit agency had provided police with surveillance video taken by the Metro train 's surveillance cameras .
Police spokesman Sgt. Wilfred Williams said the suspect was a 6 - foot , bearded African American man in his 30s with a black sweater , a black jacket and a black do - rag .
" He had strong body odor , " Williams said .
Police said the man was carrying tennis shoes hanging from his neck , and Winder described his pants as baggy .
The description was nearly identical to that of the man who stabbed 11 - year - old Hatim Mansori at 19th and Mission streets Sept. 1 as the boy was riding the 49 - Mission bus home from baseball practice .
The Marina Middle School sixth - grader suffered a wound to his liver and stomach .
In that incident , the stabber was described as a " scruffy - looking " African American , in his mid-20s to 30s , 6 feet 2 and 190 pounds , with dark facial hair .
He was wearing a black hoodie , blue jeans and dark shoes , and was described as having a strong body odor .
" We are aware of the similarities , and as part of the ongoing investigation will be looking at those similarities , " said police spokeswoman Lt. Lyn Tomioka .
The boy 's mother , Laila Elfazouzi , said Hatim has largely recovered and is back at school .
" I hope they catch him , " she said of her son 's attacker .
" I want it over . "
Winder said she assumed the man who stabbed Brown on Monday was mentally ill .
" I felt sorry for him , " Winder said .
" If you find him , help him .
I feel bad .
I did n't want the dude to go to jail , but he 's not mentally there . "
True said a sketch of the man who attacked Hatim has been distributed to Muni drivers , along with the description of the stabber in the latest incident .
" We want to do everything we can to assist the police in catching whoever committed these crimes , " True said .
Internet search giant Google has come out in opposition to the Federal Government 's push to introduce mandatory ISP filtering .
In a post on Google Australia 's official blog , the company said the plan raised concerns about censorship .
" At Google we are concerned by the Government 's plans to introduce a mandatory filtering regime for Internet Service Providers ( ISP ) in Australia , the first of its kind amongst Western democracies , " the post said .
" Our primary concern is that the scope of content to be filtered is too wide . "
While Google accepted there must be some limits on internet content , it condemned the Government 's filtering approach as heavy - handed .
" We have a bias in favour of people 's right to free expression , " the post said .
" While we recognise that protecting the free exchange of ideas and information cannot be without some limits , we believe that more information generally means more choice , more freedom and ultimately more power for the individual .
" Some limits , like child pornography , are obvious .
No Australian wants that to be available - and we agree .
Google , like many other internet companies , has a global , all - product ban against child sexual abuse material and we filter out this content from our search results .
" But moving to a mandatory ISP filtering regime with a scope that goes well beyond such material is heavy - handed and can raise genuine questions about restrictions on access to information . "
Citing a recent report into filtering , Google said the use of refused classification ( RC ) as a screening tool would go far beyond restricting illegal content .
" The recent report by Professors Catharine Lumby , Lelia Green and John Hartley - Untangling The Net : The Scope of Content Caught By Mandatory Internet Filtering - has found that a wide scope of content could be prohibited under the proposed filtering regime , " the post said .
' Grey realms '
" Refused classification is a broad category of content that includes not just child sexual abuse material but also socially and politically controversial material - for example , educational content on safer drug use - as well as the grey realms of material instructing in any crime , including politically controversial crimes such as euthanasia .
" This type of content may be unpleasant and unpalatable but we believe that government should not have the right to block information which can inform debate of controversial issues . "
But the Federal Government maintains the new filter rules are not intended to curtail freedom of speech .
Google said the Government should instead focus on education and providing effective filtering tools for individuals .
" While the discussion on ISP filtering continues , we should all retain focus on making the Internet safer for people of all ages , " the post said .
" Our view is that online safety should focus on user education , user empowerment through technology tools , and cooperation between law enforcement and industry partners .
The Government has committed important cyber safety education and engagement programs and yesterday announced additional measures that we welcome . "
Google also defended weighing into the controversy , saying discussion on contentious issues was needed for effective democracy .
" Exposing politically controversial topics for public debate is vital for democracy , " it said .
" Homosexuality was a crime in Australia until 1976 in ACT , NSW in 1984 and 1997 in Tasmania .
Political and social norms change over time and benefit from intense public scrutiny and debate .
" The openness of the internet makes this all the more possible and should be protected .
" The Government has requested comments from interested parties on its proposals for filtering and we encourage everyone to make their views known in this important debate . "
What is environmentally conscious building | by Megan Groom Within the construction industry , there have been advances in the way we look at how we create buildings .
Environmentally conscious building , also known as sustainable construction , is an innovative modern idea introducing more environmentally , socially and economically aware construction methods .
Using NBS to specify sustainable outcomes on projects | by Michele Lucarelli Sustainability is arguably the most expansive strategy in the RIBA Plan of Work 2020 .
It is also a topic that is being asked about increasingly when specifiers are reaching out to NBS to know more about how our technical content can help them achieve sustainable outcomes for their projects .
RIBA Plan of Work 2020 Overview – Question and answer | by NBS In April 2020 Dale Sinclair , Director of Technical Practice at AECOM gave a presentation giving an overview to the RIBA Plan of Work 2020 .
Following the session , a number of questions were raised by attendees .
These questions are addressed below by Dale and Alex Tait , Head of Technical Practice at RIBA .
War on plastic : which side is construction on ?
| by Bridget Hamilton
We explore the ways the construction industry adds to the world ’s production of plastic waste , as well as how it works to tackle it
Construction waste and materials efficiency | by Jess Sharman
The UK construction industry has come a long way with its recycling and reuse practices , but with proper planning we can do even more .
The key is materials efficiency .
Government strategies to decrease the production of carbon emissions | by Jodie Carson
The UK Government is taking a keen interest into the way that the UK can reduce its carbon emissions : this begins with legislative acts and policies .
Drones in construction | by Richard McPartland Construction projects benefit from an aerial vantage point and thanks to drone technology it 's quicker and easier than ever to get an eye in the sky that is able to collect video , photos and data that you can put to work on a project .
We explore the benefits of unmanned aerial vehicles or UAVs for the construction industry .
Will we ever achieve zero carbon homes ?
| by Richard McPartland
Energy - wasting homes mean higher bills and climate - warming emissions .
With UK homes some of the most expensive to heat in Europe , why did an ambitious plan to make all new homes ' zero carbon ' fail ?
Help shape the construction knowledge on theNBS.com | by NBS
We want theNBS.com to be the first place you turn for answers to your construction questions .
Help shape our site by telling us what you want to see more of ...
The construction industry expos and conferences you have to attend in 2018 | by Richard McPartland
There 's a packed events programme in store for 2018 .
Do n’t miss out on the best conferences , exhibitions , expos and networking events that can add value to your working life in the months ahead .
MEXICO CITY --
The brazen murder of several family members of a Mexican Naval hero threatens to start a dangerous new chapter in the country 's drug war , in which cartels increasingly resort to terror tactics to try to force the government to back off .
More than a dozen hit men carrying AK - 47 and AR - 15 assault rifles burst into a house in eastern Mexico around midnight Monday , gunning down several relatives of 3rd Petty Officer Melquisedet Angulo , the 30 - year - old who was hailed as a national hero last week after being killed ...
Some of My Favorite Books
Some books that you might like to read on mathematics and more
Serge Lang was one of the great number theorists of the last century , who is perhaps best known for his influential conjectures and his many books .
His conjectures include : the Mordell - Lang conjecture , the Bombieri - Lang conjecture , the Lang - Trotter conjecture , and many others .
His books include all kinds : monographs , graduate textbooks , undergraduate textbooks , and more .
Today I want to talk about books .
I love to read books of all genres ; although my favorites are : mathematics , history of mathematics , and history in general .
I did just read “ Under the Dome ” by Stephen King , so I am not limited to nonfiction — that is fiction — right ?
Since it is the end of the year , I thought that some of us might have time to catch up on our reading .
So I plan to share a few of my favorite books — I hope that you might let me know some of yours .
I knew Lang when I was faculty at Yale University in the mid-seventies .
During our spring break one year , Dick Karp visited for a whole week .
It was great having Karp visit the Computer Science department , and he and I had many fun discussions .
On the last night of his visit , Karp , Lang , and I went out for dinner .
I recall on the way to my car , Dick causally asked Serge what he had done during the spring break ?
Serge quickly replied :
I wrote a book .
Karp seemed at a loss for a reply .
I had nothing to say , but I immediately thought , what did I do this last week ?
Besides enjoyable conversations and general stuff I had no answer — I certainly did not write a book .
I did nothing .
I do believe Lang , since he wrote many many books — as I said earlier he was extremely prolific .
Oh well .
Let ’s turn to reading books , not writing them .
My Book List
Here are some books that I have enjoyed , in no special order :
Math Talks for Undergraduates by Serge Lang .
This book is a series of lectures for undergraduates .
It is wonderful .
He covers a wide range of topics , and demonstrates his great ability to explain things clearly .
One example is the chapter on the famous ABC conjecture .
This is due to Joseph Oesterlé and David Masser , and is :
Given , there exists a constant such that for all non-zero relatively prime integers with , we have the inequality
Here is defined as the product of the distinct prime factors of :
Note , where is a prime .
Lang proves a version of the conjecture for polynomials , and explains why the conjecture is “ the greatest conjecture of the century . ”
The File by Serge Lang .
This is one of the strangest books ever written , but it is hard to not find it compelling .
It is a collection of letters that Lang wrote and were written to him .
One letter after the other .
The letters all concern Lang ’s campaign to keep a candidate out of the National Academy of Sciences .
Lang was upset that the candidate , who worked in social science , was misusing mathematics to “ prove ” some point .
Lang stated clearly in his letters against the candidate that this use of mathematics was not worthy of membership to the Academy .
The defenders letters , of course , argued back the opposite point .
I was once given advice by a friend who is an attorney .
He said :
Never throw out any letter you are sent , and never send anyone a letter .
This book is a tribute to this maxim .
People wrote letters to Lang , and said things in those letters , that they never wanted to become public .
But , they did become public .
Analytic Number Theory by Donald Newman .
Analytic Number
Theory is a deep and beautiful area .
It is known for extremely technical proofs , which often require pages of complex formulas , careful estimates , and messy calculations .
Yet , Newman takes you on a quick tour of some of the best results in 75 pages .
He gives essentially full proofs of some of the major achievements of analytic number theory : Roth ’s Theorem , the Waring Problem , and the Prime Number Theorem .
This is not a book to read to become an expert , or even to become well versed in the area , but there is something magical about this book .
All in 75 pages .
The Honors Class : Hilbert ’s Problems and Their Solvers by Ben Yandell .
This is a book on the famous list of 23 problems of David Hilbert .
What I like so much about this book is the history behind the solutions to the problems .
In some cases Hilbert problems were “ solved ” for decades , yet eventually it was discovered that the solutions were wrong or had gaps .
Part of my “ hidden ” agenda is to remind us all that even the immortals make mistakes , have proofs with gaps , and are human .
The Poincaré Conjecture : In Search of the Shape of the Universe by Donal O’Shea .
Poincaré ’s Prize by George Szpiro .
Perfect Rigor : A Genius and the Mathematical Breakthrough of the Century by Masha Gessen .
These three books are on the Poincaré conjecture and its resolution .
The last one is the most recent , and it focuses mostly on Grigori Perelman as a person .
The book discusses the question : Why did he turn down the Fields Medal ?
You will read that he had turned down awards before , but you will still be puzzled — I think — why he turned the Fields Medal down .
The books approach the Poincaré problem and its history from different angles , and I enjoyed them all .
Prime Obsession by John Derbyshire .
The Riemann Hypothesis by Karl Sabbagh .
These books are on the hunt for a solution to the Riemann Hypothesis .
The second book highlights the work of Louis de Branges who solved the Bierberbach Conjecture of Ludwig Bierberbach .
This was a major open question in analysis , and de Branges deserves a great deal of credit for solving this difficult problem .
Unfortunately , since his great success he has been claiming that he is “ about ” to solve the Riemann Hypothesis .
Sabbagh spent many hours with de Branges and presents a case study in how a mathematical problem can almost take you over .
The Riemann Hypothesis is definitely a mathematical disease for some .
The Mathematician ’s Brain by David Ruelle .
Ruelle is a first class mathematician and tells some wonderful stories about his views of everything — including mathematics .
Structure and Randomness by Terry Tao .
Or anything else by Tao .
This book is a collection of lectures from his blog posts of the year 2007 .
His ability to explain things is wonderful .
For example , his section on ultrafilters is a classic .
I thought I knew what they are , but I was wrong .
Only after reading this did I really “ get ” what they are .
Kolmogorov ’s Heritage in Mathematics edited by Eric Charpentier , Annick Lesne , and Nikolai Nikolski .
This is a collection of articles about one of the great mathematicians of the twentieth century .
Lost Horizon by James Hilton .
A classic novel — the cover claims that it was the first paperback ever published .
I do not know if this is correct , and I decided not to check .
Open Problems
What are some of your favorites ?
I would love to hear .
There is thoughtful skepticism and then there is today ’s Republican Study Committee release mocking the EPA ’s finding that greenhouse emissions threaten human health .
Reading this peacock of a press release , you would think that battling measures meant to combat climate change was the only way to create jobs ?
Wait , is it ?
EPA Announces Exhaling Endangers Human Health
Job -Killing National Energy Tax Just What the Doctor Ordered Washington , Dec 7 – Earlier today , the EPA announced that carbon dioxide is a danger to human health .
This is good news for all those opposed to the despicable practice of breathing , but it may put the rest of humankind in an odd spot .
After all , is n’t the carbon dioxide emitted by flying Air Force One to Copenhagen identical to the carbon dioxide exhaled while addressing a Joint Session of Congress ?
If one is a danger to human health , is n’t the other ?
Every day , over 6 billion humans and an untold number of puppies , kittens , and other animals produce large quantities of this ubiquitous gas .
Should they be required to stop breathing ?
And every day , trees , flowers , shrubs , and other flora use carbon dioxide to sustain their own existence .
Liberals are supposedly more plant - friendly than the rest of us , so why would they try to limit a gas that is essential for plant life ?
If the rainforests could speak , would they be stunned by this betrayal ?
While you ponder all these questions , let ’s discuss something else that endangers human health : the inability to find a job .
Oh snap !
As Mike Lillis at the Washington Independent puts it : “ It ’s no mystery that Washington is a town most undedicated to nuance , but the willful failure to distinguish between a tailpipe spewing pollutants and a kitten exhaling is extreme even by the standards of this town . ”
Meantime in Colorado , where recent Republican approaches to subtlety include Colorado Springs Rep. Kent Lambert predicting Virginia
Tech - style massacres as a result of a CSU campus ban on concealed weapons , gubernatorial candidate Scott McInnis can hold forth on TV ( watch clip 2 of 12 ) as though the only energy jobs in the state are jobs in the oil and gas industry , as if it were 1965 .
“ The governor , the current administration , came up with the toughest oil and gas rules in the country .
So now … we ’re clear at the bottom as a state to do business in as far as it ’s related to the energy industry …
There ’s nothing wrong with business .
Let ’s go back to the free market , ” he told 9 News ’s Adam Schrager .
The performance raises a question to ponder :
If the growing solar panel and wind turbine shops and clean energy R&D centers and smart grid technologies and mass commercial and residential buildings being retrofitted could all speak , would they be stunned by this betrayal ?
In August , at a hackers ’ forum in Amsterdam , Mr. Nohl challenged other computer hackers to help him crack the G.S.M. code .
He said about 24 people , some members of the Chaos Computer Club , which is based in Berlin , worked independently to generate the necessary volume of random combinations until they reproduced the G.S.M. algorithm ’s code book  a vast log of binary codes that could theoretically be used to decipher G.S.M. phone calls .
During an interview , Mr. Nohl said he took precautions to remain within legal boundaries , emphasizing that his efforts to crack the G.S.M. algorithm were purely academic , kept within the public domain , and that the information was not used to decipher a digital call .
“ We are not recommending people use this information to break the law , ” Mr. Nohl said .
“ What we are doing is trying to goad the world ’s wireless operators to use better security . ”
Mr. Nohl said the algorithm ’s code book was available on the Internet through services like BitTorrent , which some people use to download vast quantities of data like films and music .
He declined to provide a Web link to the code book , for fear of the legal implications , but said its location had spread by word of mouth .
The G.S.M. algorithm , technically known as the A5/1 privacy algorithm , is a binary code  which is made exclusively of 0’s and 1 ’s  that has kept digital phone conversations private since the G.S.M. standard was adopted in 1988 .
But the A5/1 algorithm is a 64 - bit binary code , the modern standard at the time it was developed , but simpler than the 128 - bit codes used today to encrypt calls on third - generation networks .
The new codes have twice as many 0’s and 1’s .
In 2007 , the G.S.M .
Association developed a 128 - bit successor to the A5/1 , called the A5/3 encryption algorithm , but most network operators have not yet invested to make the security upgrade .
Erin Andrews ' Peeping Tom -- Michael David Barrett -- has just admitted to being a huge , huge creep . '
Barrett -- who used a peephole camera to film the ESPN reporter naked in various hotel rooms -- has pled guilty to one count of interstate stalking and faces up to five years in prison , three years probation and a $ 250,000 fine .
Barrett 's attorney just gave us the following statement :
" Mr. Barrett accepts full responsibility for his conduct .
He apologizes to Ms. Andrews , and expresses his deep regret for his conduct that caused her so much pain .
It is his sincere hope that these events can now become an opportunity to make positive changes in his life . "
December 5 , 2009
This Week 's Finds in Mathematical Physics ( Week 285 )
John Baez
2 ) John Baez ,
The beauty of roots , http://math.ucr.edu/home/baez/roots/
Click on the picture for bigger view .
Roots of quadratic polynomials are in grey ; roots of cubics are in cyan ; roots of quartics are in red and roots of quintics are in black .
The horizontal axis of symmetry is the real axis ; the vertical axis of symmetry is the imaginary axis .
The big hole in the middle is centered at 0 ; the next biggest holes are at ±1 , and there are also holes at ±i and all the cube roots of 1 .
You can see lots of fascinating patterns here , like how the roots of polynomials with integer coefficients tend to avoid integers and roots of unity - except when they land right on these points !
You can see more patterns if you zoom in :
Now you see beautiful feathers surrounding the blank area around the point 1 on the real axis , a hexagonal star around exp ( i π / 6 ) , a strange red curve from this point to 1 , smaller stars around other points , and more ....
People should study this sort of thing !
Let 's define the set C( d , n ) to be the set of all roots of all polynomials of degree d with integer coefficients ranging from -n to n.
Clearly C( d , n ) gets bigger as we make either d or n bigger .
It becomes dense in the complex plane as n → ∞ , as long as d ≥ 1 .
We get all the rational complex numbers if we fix d ≥ 1 and let n → ∞ , and all the algebraic complex numbers if let both d, n → ∞ .
But based on the above picture , there seem to be a lot of interesting conjectures to make about this set as d → ∞ for fixed n .
Inspired by the pictures above , Sam Derbyshire decided to to make a high resolution plot of some roots of polynomials .
After some experimentation , he decided that his favorite were polynomials whose coefficients were all 1 or - 1 ( not 0 ) .
He made a high - resolution plot by computing all the roots of all polynomials of this sort having degree 24 .
That 's 224 polynomials , and about 24 × 224 roots — or about 400 million roots !
It took Mathematica 4 days to generate the coordinates of the roots , producing about 5 gigabytes of data .
He then used some Java programs to create this amazing image :
The coloring shows the density of roots , from black to dark red to yellow to white .
The picture above is a low - resolution version of the original image , which is available as a 90 - megabyte file on Dan 's website .
We can zoom in to get more detail :
Next , here 's the hole at i :
But the feathery structures as move inside the unit circle are even more beautiful !
Here is what they look near the real axis — this plot is centered at the point 4/5 :
3 ) Loki Joergenson , Zeros of polynomials with constrained coefficients , http://www.cecm.sfu.ca/~loki/Projects/Roots/
4 ) Eric W. Weisstein , MathWorld , Polynomial roots , http://mathworld.wolfram.com/PolynomialRoots.html
My colleague the knot theorist Xiao - Song Lin - sadly no longer with us - plotted the zeros of the Jones polynomial for prime alternating knots with up to 13 crossings , and you can see his pictures here :
5 ) Xiao -Song Lin , Zeros of the Jones polynomial , http://math.ucr.edu/~xl/abs-jk.pdf
You 'll see that some of the patterns in his pictures just come from the patterns we see in the roots of polynomials with integer coefficients ... since the Jones polynomial has integer coefficients .
This paper is also interesting :
6 ) Andrew M. Odlyzko and B. Poonen , Zeros of polynomials with 0,1 coefficients , L'Enseignement Math. 39 ( 1993 ) , 317-348 .
Also available at http://dx.doi.org/10.5169/seals-60430
Odlyzko and Poonen proved some interesting things about the set of all roots of all polynomials with coefficients 0 or 1 .
If we define the set C ( d , p , q ) to be the set of roots of all polynomials of degree d with coefficients ranging from p to q , Odlyzko and Poonen are studying C( d, 0,1 ) in the limit d → ∞ .
They mention some known results and prove some new ones : this set is contained in the half - plane Re(z ) < 3/2 and contained in the annulus
1/Φ < |z| < Φ
where Φ is the golden ratio , ( √5 + 1 ) / 2 .
In fact they trap it , not just between these circles , but between two subtler curves .
They also show that the closure of this set is path connected but not simply connected .
But from the pictures above , these ideas just scratch the surface of the wealth of patterns to be found and theorems to be proved !
Next , let me say a bit about the talks from the second day of the AMS session on homotopy theory and higher algebraic structures at UC Riverside .
You can see videos of these talks here , or by clicking on the talk titles below :
7 ) Special session on homotopy theory and higher algebraic structures , AMS Western Section Meeting , November 7 - 8 , 2009 .
Talks available as Quicktime videos at http://math.ucr.edu/~jbergner/amsriverside09.htm
It 's been good for me trying to discuss all these talks - it 's forced me to think about them a lot harder .
I 'm not sure how good it is for you , though : lots of ideas are flashing past without adequate explanation .
Each talk could be the basis for a whole This Week 's Finds .
But I 'm happy to get a chance to at least mention all sorts of ideas that would be fun to explore more deeply someday .
Eric Malm of Stanford University started the show bright and early 8:30 am on Sunday with a talk on " String topology and the based loop space " .
You can see the slides here :
8 ) Eric Malm , String topology and the based loop space , http://math.ucr.edu/~jbergner/ucr-st-present.pdf
In its original form , string topology studies the unbased loop space of an oriented d-dimensional manifold M .
This is the space LM of all maps from a circle into M .
In their fundamental paper on the subject :
9 ) Moira Chas and Dennis Sullivan , String topology , available as arXiv:math / 9911159 .
Chas and Sullivan showed that the homology groups of LM with degrees shifted by d :
A i = H i+d ( LM )
are equipped with a graded - commutative product :
o : A i ⊗ A j → A i+j
together with an operator
D : A i → A i+1
with D2 = 0 .
These satisfy a bunch of equations , which makes the degree - shifted homology of LM into a gadget called a " Gerstenhaber algebra " .
I explained such gadgets in " week220 " : they 're precisely algebras of the homology of the little 2 - cubes operad .
But the homology of the loop space has even more structure : it 's a " Batalin - Vilkovisky algebra " .
That means that in addition to the above stuff , it has a Lie bracket of degree 1 :
[ ·,· ] : A i ⊗ A j → A i+j+1
which gets along with the rest in a nice way .
I also talked about these in " week220 " : they 're precisely algebras of homology of the framed little 2 - discs operad !
This is just the beginning of a big story .
Malm 's talk surveys this story and adapts the ideas of string topology to the based loop space of a manifold , using its relations to Hochschild homology .
For some useful background here , try this book - or at least the very informative review :
10 ) Ralph L. Cohen , Kathryn Hess , and Alexander A. Voronov , String Topology and Cyclic Homology , Birkhauser , Boston , 2006 .
Review by Janko Latschev at http://www.ams.org/bull/0000-000-00/S0273-0979-09-01265-8/
Next , Laura Scull of Fort Lewis College spoke on " Orbifolds and equivariant homotopy theory " .
This is joint work she 's doing with Dorette Pronk .
Laura is an expert on equivariant homotopy theory : that 's the kind of homotopy theory you do for spaces on which a group acts .
Dorette is an expert on category theory .
So it was natural for them to team up and tackle orbifolds !
Why ?
And what 's an orbifold ?
Well , just as a manifold is built up from patches that look like Rn , an orbifold is built up from patches that look like Rn modulo the linear action of a finite group .
So , most places it looks like a manifold , but it can have singularities of a mild sort here and there .
When people tried to define maps of orbifolds , they ran into a lot of trouble .
Naive approaches led to a mess .
It turns out there 's a good reason for this .
There 's not really a nice category of orbifolds .
But there 's a nice 2 - category of orbifolds !
The reason is that we should n't think of an orbifold as a set with extra structure .
We should think of it as a groupoid with extra structure .
The points of the orbifold are the objects of this groupoid .
For a plain old manifold , we 'd only have identity morphisms - so it 's basically just a set .
But for a more interesting orbifold , the singular points have extra automorphisms .
Everything likes to live in something bigger and fancier than itself .
Groupoids , being categories , want to be objects of a 2 - category .
The same is true for orbifolds .
However , there are extra subtleties due to the smooth structure on our orbifold .
To deal with these , it 's nice to treat orbifolds as " Lie groupoids " or " stacks " .
I could say a lot more , but instead I 'll just refer you to this very readable paper :
11 ) Eugene Lerman , Orbifolds as stacks ?
Available as arXiv:0806.4160 .
It begins by discussing easy approaches , then describes their flaws , and so on , leading up to the current state of the art .
After this warmup , try :
12 ) Dorette Pronk and Laura Scull , Translation groupoids and orbifold Bredon cohomology , arXiv:0705.3249 .
Then Anssi Lahtinen of Stanford University spoke about " The Atiyah - Segal completion theorem in twisted K - theory " .
Twisted K - theory is fascinating to folks who like categorification , because it involves " U( 1 ) gerbes " , which are categorified U( 1 ) bundles .
Just as a U ( 1 ) bundle over a space can be defined by chopping a space into open sets U i and giving U ( 1 ) - valued " transition functions " on the intersections U i ∩ U j , a U ( 1 ) gerbe over a space can be defined by chopping a space into open sets and giving transition functions
h ijk : U i ∩ U j ∩ U k → U(1 )
If you have a U ( 1 ) gerbe , you can define " twisted vector bundles " .
These are like vector bundles , but where the transition functions g ij satisfy the usual cocycle conditions only up to a phase , given by h ijk .
In other words , instead of the famous formula
g ij g jk = g ik
we just have
g ij g jk h ijk = g ik
Given a space X , we can form its K - theory K( X ) by taking the category of vector bundles and forming its Grothendieck group .
We saw some Grothendieck group constructions last time !
Here 's how it goes this time .
Take the category of vector bundles over X , say Vect ( X ) .
Then take the set of isomorphism classes of vector bundles .
Then take formal linear combinations of these to get an abelian group , and then impose the equivalence relation
[ M ⊕ N ] = [ M ] + [ N ]
The result is an abelian group K ( X ) called the " K - theory " of X .
And in fact it 's a ring , since we can also take tensor products of vector bundles !
The Atiyah - Segal completion theorem concerns K( X ) when X is the classifying space of a topological group G . As explained in " week151 " , this is a space BG with a principal G - bundle over it :
EG → BG
with the property that every other principal G - bundle over every other space is a pullback of this one .
Given any representation of G , we can use the " associated bundle " trick to create a vector bundle over BG .
So , we get a functor from the category of representations of G to the category of vector bundles over BG :
Rep ( G ) → Vect ( BG )
Applying the Grothendieck group construction , this functor in turn gives a ring homomomorphism
R( G ) → K ( BG )
where R( G ) , the so - called " representation ring " of G , is the Grothendieck group of Rep ( G ) .
The Atiyah - Segal theorem explains how this map from R( G ) to K( BG ) is almost - though not quite - an isomorphism .
It 's tempting to generalize this from K - theory to twisted K - theory ... and that 's what Anssi Lahtinen spoke about !
Next , Konrad Waldorf of UC Berkeley spoke on " String connections and supersymmetric sigma models " :
13 ) Konrad Waldorf , String connections and supersymmetric sigma models , http://www.konradwaldorf.de/docs/riverside.pdf
14 ) Konrad Waldorf , String connections and Chern - Simons theory , available as arxiv:0906.0117 .
His talk was a great introduction to some things I know and love , and some others that I 'd never quite understood before ... but loved at first sight now .
U(1 ) bundles over a space are classified by elements of its second cohomology with integer coefficients .
U( 1 ) gerbes are similarly classified by the third integral cohomology group .
This story keeps on going !
U(1 ) 2 - gerbes are classified by the fourth cohomology , and so on .
If you do n't know what a 2 - gerbe is , do n't panic : just go back to my description of bundles and gerbes , and you can guess how the story continues .
But when M is a manifold , there 's a nice way to get an element of its fourth integral cohomology group !
If it 's an oriented manifold , its oriented frame bundle is a principal SO ( n ) bundle .
This has " characteristic classes " ; the first interesting one is the " first Pontryagin class " , which is an element in the fourth integral cohomology group of M .
You can get a representative of this in deRham cohomology by picking a connection , taking its curvature 2 - form F and multiplying the closed 2 - form
tr ( F ^ F )
by the right number .
But in fact the first Pontryagin class lives in integral cohomology .
So , any oriented 4 - manifold automatically gives a 2 - gerbe ... but that 's not the one we need here !
If M is equipped with a spin structure , its oriented frame bundle is equipped with a double cover that 's a principal Spin( n ) bundle .
This too has characteristic classes .
The first interesting one lives in the fourth integral cohomology group of M , and it has the property that when you multiply it by 2 you get the first Pontryagin class .
( In integral cohomology there can be various different classes with this property , coming from different spin structures . )
So : every spin structure on M gives an element of the fourth integral cohomology group of M , and thus a 2 - gerbe .
This is called the " Chern - Simons 2 - gerbe " .
The reason for this term is explained here :
15 ) Urs Schreiber , States of Chern - Simons theory , http://golem.ph.utexas.edu/category/2008/02/states_of_chernsimons_theory.html
There are lots of ways to think about " string structures " on a spin manifold M , but Waldorf advocated thinking of them as choices of trivialization of its Chern - Simons 2 - gerbe .
There may of course be none , or many .
But the really nice thing about this viewpoint is that it gives a nice approach to " string connections " .
Next , Søren Galatius of Stanford University gave a talk on " Monoids of moduli spaces of manifolds " , explaining a paper with the same title :
16 ) Søren Galatius and Oscar Randal - Williams , Monoids of moduli spaces of manifolds , available as arXiv:0905.2855 .
The goal of their work was to create a title with as many words beginning with " M " as possible ... no , not really .
In fact , it 's a kind of continuation of this famous paper :
17 ) Søren Galatius , Ib Madsen , Ulrike Tillmann , and Michael Weiss ,
The homotopy type of the cobordism category , available as arXiv:math / 0605249 .
In item K of " week117 " I explained how to turn any category into a topological space called its " classifying space " .
This construction has a nice generalization to " topological categories " - that is , categories where the set of morphisms from any object to any other is a topological space , and composition is continuous .
For example , a topological group G is the same as a topological category with one object and all morphisms being invertible .
If we apply the construction to this example , we get the classifying space BG that I mentioned a while back .
The Galatius - Madsen - Tillmann - Weiss paper determined the homotopy type of the classifying space of the topological category of n-dimensional oriented cobordisms !
The new work constructs a topological monoid that has the same classifying space - a nice simplification .
After lunch , Alissa Crans of Loyola Marymount University spoke on " 2 - Quandles : categorified quandles " .
A " quandle " is the sort of algebraic gadget when you axiomatize the properties of conjugation in a group .
So , start with a group and define an operation of " left conjugation " :
g > h = g h g -
1
and an operation of " right conjugation " :
h < g = g - 1 h g
Then , figure out all the equations these obey , regardless of what group you 've got !
Clearly these operations are inverses of each other :
g > ( h < g ) = h = ( g > h ) < g
If you conjugate anything by itself , nothing happens :
g > g = g = g < g
But more interestingly , we also have
g > ( h > k ) = ( g > h ) > ( g > k)
( k < h ) < g = ( k < g ) < ( h < g )
Conjugation distributes over itself !
Do the calculation yourself and see !
As far as I know , all equations obeyed by these operations follow from the ones I 've listed ... though I 've never seen a proof , and I 'd like to .
These equations form the definition of a " quandle " .
So , we may define a quandle in a very conceptual way as an algebraic structure where each element acts as a symmetry of that structure , and every element acts trivially on itself .
Think about it .
But the magical thing about quandles is that they give invariants of tangles !
The easiest way to start seeing this is by pondering braids .
Given a quandle Q there 's a way to turn any n-strand braid into a function
Qn → Qn
Here 's how .
In braids we can have two kinds of crossings :
\ / \ / / / \ / \
\ / \ / \ / \ / \
g h \ / \ / / / \ / \ h g<h
g h \ / \ / \ / \ / \ g>h g
| / | | \ | \ / | | \ / \ | | \ / \ | | / \ | \ / \ / | | \ / \ / | | \ = \ | | / \ / \ | | / \ / \ | \ / | / \ / \ | | \ / \ | | / \ | \ | | / | | \ | | / |
g h k g h k | / | | \ | \ / | | \ / \ | | \ / \ | | h>k/ \ | \ / \ / | | \ / \ / | |g>h \ = \ | | / \ / \ | | / \ / \ | \ /g>k | / \ / \ | | \ / \ | | / \ | \ | | / | | \ | | / | * g>h g * g>h g
( g > h ) > ( g > k)
On the right it should be labelled by
g > ( h > k)
But thanks to the self - distributive law , these are equal !
Similarly , the equation
g > ( h < g ) = h = ( g > h ) < g
handles the second Reidemeister move :
\ / | | \ / \ / | | \ / / | | \ / \ | | / \ / \ = | | = / \ \ / | | \ / \ / | | \ / \ | | / / \ | | / \ / \ | | / \
g > g = g = g < g
handles the first Reidemeister move .
The first Reidemeister move is not really about about braids - it 's about tangles :
| /\ | | /\ | / \ | | / \ \ / \ | \ / \ \ / | | \ / | \ | = | = / | / \ | | / \ | / \ / | / \ / | \ / | | \ / | \/ | | \/ | | |
16 ) J. Scott Carter , Alissa Crans , Mohamed Elhamdadi and Masahico Saito , Cohomology of categorical self - distributivity , available as arXiv:math / 0607417 .
It 's possible to explain this relation a lot more deeply than I just did ... but anyway , what Alissa did is start categorifying this relation .
Together with the topologists Carter and Saito , she 's studying " 2 - quandles " , which should relate 2 - tangles to conjugation in 2 - groups .
Next , Chad Giusti of the University of Oregon spoke on " Unstable Vassiliev theory " :
17 ) Chad Giusti , Unstable Vassiliev theory , http://math.ucr.edu/~jbergner/RiversideTalk.pdf
The goal here is to understand the space of " long knots " .
A long knot is a curve in R3 that goes on forever and is a vertical straight line outside some compact set .
So , it can get knotted around in the middle .
One nice thing about long knots is that there 's a multiplication defined on them , by sticking them end - to - end .
If you know about tangles , a long knot is just another way of thinking about a one - strand tangle with a strand coming in at top and going out at bottom .
Then the multiplication on long knots is a special case of the composition of tangles .
( We can define even more operations if we work with " thickened " long knots .
In fact , the space of these forms an algebra of the little 2 - cubes operad !
This gives a mystical relation between thickened long knots and Gerstenhaber algebras .
I explained this near the end of " week220 " . )
Anyway , the part of Giusti's talk that I understood best , and therefore liked the most , was a neat combinatorial description of the space of long knots .
He calls them " plumbers ' knots " , because they 're like pipes that move only along the x , y , or z directions ... for details , see his slides !
Then Robin Koytcheff of Stanford University gave a somewhat related talk on " A homotopy - theoretic view of Bott - Taubes integrals and knot spaces " :
18 ) Robin Koytcheff , A homotopy - theoretic view of Bott - Taubes integrals and knot spaces , http://math.ucr.edu/~jbergner/RKslidesUCR.pdf
He began with a nice introduction to the Bott - Taubes approach to Vassiliev theory .
Then he gave a great description of how the little 2 - cubes operad acts on the space of thickened long knots , and how one can use this to underand the homology of this space .
Then he discussed how to combine these ideas .
For more details , see :
19 ) Robin Koytcheff , A homotopy - theoretic view of Bott - Taubes integrals and knot spaces , Alg. Geom .
Top. 9 ( 2009 ) , 1467-1501 .
Also available as arXiv:0810.1785 .
Next , Chris Douglas of U.C. Berkeley gave talk charmingly entitled " 3 - categories for the working mathematician " - unfortunately no video for this one .
It 's great to see how weak 3 - categories are making their way into applications .
Douglas is working with Arthur Bartels and Andre Henriques on their applications to " conformal nets " - that is , algebras of local observables in conformal field theory .
The bulk of Douglas ' talk involved a kind of hieroglyphic notation for operations and equations in a definition of weak 3 - category .
This definition is close to the existing definitions of " tricategory " , but not exactly the same - at least , not superficially .
It 's probably equivalent .
Finally , Scott Morrison and Kevin Walker gave a 2 - part talk on " blob homology " - a great introduction to their big paper in progress :
20 ) Scott Morrison and Kevin Walker , Blob homology slides : http://tqft.net/UCR-blobs1 and http://tqft.net/UCR-blobs2
21 ) Scott Morrison and Kevin Walker , The blob complex .
Draft available at http://tqft.net/papers/blobs.pdf
The clever idea here is to use manifolds to provide a quick and practical definition of " n- categories with duals " - thus short - circuiting , at least temporarily , the need to prove some big conjectures linking this algebraic concept to topology .
With this definition , they 're able to define and study " blob homology " : that is , a kind of homology for manifolds with coefficients in a linear n-category with duals !
This includes ordinary TQFTs and also Hochschild homology as special cases .
So , it 's a big deal , and I 'm sure we 'll be seeing more of it in the years to come .
Next week I 'll start a series of This Week 's Finds on rational homotopy theory .
This is a great subject with connections to pretty much everything : deformation theory , Lie n-groups and Lie n-algebras , classical mechanics , supergravity and more !
So stay tuned ....
Addenda : I thank Toby Bartels for some improvements , and Ralf Bader for a link to Odlyzko and Poonen 's paper .
For more discussion visit the n-Category Café .
The author feels that this technique of deliberately lying will actually make it easier for you to learn the ideas .
- Donald Knuth
© 2009 John Baez
baez@math.removethis.ucr.andthis.edu
In a year , Android 's gone from shaky upstart to mobile juggernaut .
And nowhere is that more apparent than the apps — the Marketplace is positively bursting , with over 14,000 apps .
Here are the ones you need , the essentials .
Advertisement
If you want them all on one page , click here .
Essential Android Apps Amazon : Impulse shopping , made all too easy on your phone — it remember products you scan ( either a… Read more
Advertisement
If we 've missed anything or you 've got a superior alternative , let us know in the comments , since you vastly outnumber us .
By 'us ' I mean me .
Located in Chesterfield , MO ; serving clients in West St. Louis County , St. Charles , St. Louis County and surrounding areas .
When it comes to navigating the tough waters of divorce or family law matters , you will need to work with an experienced , qualified , and skilled legal professional who knows how to guide your steps adequately .
The Kallen Law Firm , LLC has established a sound reputation for providing exceptional client service and results - oriented legal counsel .
In order to exceed the expectations of our clients , we focus on limiting our caseload and maximizing personal representation .
We recognize that there is no such thing as a “ cookie cutter ” mentality in these types of legal matters ; rather , we specifically tailor our approach to suit the unique needs and goals of our clients .
Because our St. Louis divorce attorney keeps low caseloads , we are able to devote our undivided attention to each client and each case .
Citation : Dudley JT , Butte AJ ( 2009 ) A Quick Guide for Developing Effective Bioinformatics Programming Skills . PLoS Comput Biol 5 ( 12 ) : e1000589 .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1000589
Editor : Fran Lewitter , Whitehead Institute , United States of America Published : December 24 , 2009 Copyright : © 2009 Dudley , Butte .
This is an open - access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License , which permits unrestricted use , distribution , and reproduction in any medium , provided the original author and source are credited .
Funding : JTD is supported by an NIH Training Grant T15 LM007033 .
The authors received no specific funding for this work .
Competing interests :
The authors have declared that no competing interests exist .
Introduction Bioinformatics programming skills are becoming a necessity across many facets of biology and medicine , owed in part to the continuing explosion of biological data aggregation and the complexity and scale of questions now being addressed through modern bioinformatics .
Although many are now receiving formal training in bioinformatics through various university degree and certificate programs , this training is often focused strongly on bioinformatics methodology , leaving many important and practical aspects of bioinformatics to self - education and experience .
The following set of guidelines distill several key principals of effective bioinformatics programming , which the authors learned through insights gained across many years of combined experience developing popular bioinformatics software applications and database systems in both academic and commercial settings [ 1 ] – [ 6 ] .
Successful adoption of these principals will serve both beginner and experienced bioinformaticians alike in career development and pursuit of professional and scientific goals .
The Importance of Building Your Technology Toolbox Given the diversity and complex nature of problems in biology , medicine , and bioinformatics , it is imperative to be able to approach each problem with a comprehensive knowledge of available computational tools — so that the best tools can be selected for the problem at hand .
The most fundamental and versatile tools in your technology toolbox are programming languages .
While most modern programming languages are capable of any number of computational feats , some are more apt for particular tasks than others .
For example , the R language [ 7 ] is almost unparalleled in its statistical computing capabilities , whereas the Lisp language is well designed for problems in artificial intelligence , and Erlang [ 8 ] excels in fault - tolerant and distributed systems .
Given the learning and practice required to become an effective user of a programming language , it is provident to not only gain basic proficiency in a diversity of languages but also to appropriate the time and energy to gain mastery in at least a single language .
With programming language mastery comes knowledge and access to advanced language features and libraries , more efficient programming , and less time spent reading manuals and making novice errors .
While there are many languages that would be appropriate and effective in which to seek mastery for bioinformatics , modern interpreted scripting languages , such as Perl [ 9 ] , Python [ 10 ] , and Ruby [ 11 ] , are among the most preferred and prudent choices [ 12 ] .
These languages simplify the programming process by obviating the need to manage many low - level details of program execution ( e.g. , memory management ) , affording the programmer the ability to focus foremost on application logic , and to rapidly prototype programs in an interpreted and easily extensible environment .
Any effort to choose from among these capable languages is ultimately founded in personal preference .
Nonetheless , it should be noted that Perl and Python benefit from a relatively longer established tradition , and subsequently more widespread use in the field of bioinformatics .
These facts should not serve to discourage the use of programming languages other than Perl or Python .
Java , for example , which is popular in both academic curriculum and industry , has served as the basis for many successful bioinformatics projects .
Nonetheless , programmers stand to benefit greatly from the many software tools , libraries , and educational materials available supporting the use of Perl and Python for bioinformatics [ 13 ] – [ 17 ] .
In many cases , modern scripting languages can be “ bridged ” to other languages such that one is able to leverage the advanced features of other languages without abandoning the scripting language environment .
Examples include the RPy library [ 18 ] , which provides an interface between Python and the R language , and JRuby [ 19 ] , a Java - based Ruby interpreter that enables interaction between the Ruby language and Java .
Even if no formal scripting language interface is available for a particular software library , it is often possible to generate scripting language interface using tools such as the Simplified Wrapper and Interface Generator ( SWIG ) [ 20 ] or to simply “ wrap ” an existing executable using scripting language code .
Through this paradigm , one becomes capable of envisioning composite solutions that incorporate the strengths of multiple language technologies , instead of being limited by the capabilities of a particular language .
Outside of programming languages there exists a multitude of software tools , libraries , and applications pertinent to various aspects of bioinformatics , and it is worthwhile to invest time in gaining broad knowledge of the most popular of such resources across the broad spectrum of bioinformatics .
Additionally , we encourage proficiency in the use and maintenance of a Web server system , such as Apache [ 21 ] , as a survey of the bioinformatics literature clearly demonstrates an increasing trend towards the Web - based development , delivery , and utilization of bioinformatics tools and services .
The Benefits and Opportunities of Open Source Communities
Too often there is an urge among programmers to reinvent the wheel despite the availability of existing solutions .
In some cases this can be an innocent and useful learning exercise , yet in most cases , this is an improvident and wasteful exercise .
For many common problems in bioinformatics ( e.g. , parsing file formats or working with nucleotide data ) , it is often the case that others have previously implemented a solution to the problem , and in many cases these solutions are easily found implemented in open source software in the public domain .
While general Internet search engines can be useful in locating existing bioinformatics source code , there are specialized search engines , such as Koders [ 22 ] and Google Code Search [ 23 ] , that are specially designed to search across the public domain source code .
These specialized search engines offer code - specific search options , such as the ability to constrain the search to specific programming languages or software licensing schemes .
It is worthwhile to use these tools to search the public domain for existing open source code that might serve as inspiration for your own program code , or even repurposed as the basis for your own projects .
It should be noted , however , that if the decision to repurpose open source code is made , it is recommended to fully understand the nature of the license under which open source code is distributed and to ensure that the redistribution terms set forth by the original authors are respected .
Furthermore , as the modern bioinformatician will invariably benefit from the vast body of open source code in the public domain , it is good citizenship to contribute your bioinformatics source code into the public domain under an open source license when possible .
In bioinformatics , it is fortunate that solutions to many common tasks and problems have been codified into standardized , open source software frameworks [ 24 ] .
These frameworks are often comprehensive , rigorously tested , documented , and engaged by vibrant and helpful user communities .
Language - specific , open source bioinformatics frameworks are at the forefront of this effort , with BioPERL [ 25 ] , [ 26 ] , BioPython [ 27 ] , BioRuby [ 28 ] , [ 29 ] , BioJava [ 30 ] , and BioConductor [ 31 ] emerging as some of the most mature and widely used frameworks .
Outside of pure bioinformatics there are a number of useful open source frameworks worth investigating , such as the SciPy [ 32 ] and NumPy [ 33 ] for scientific computing in Python and Ruby on Rails [ 34 ] for rapid Web application development .
We would also urge those newer to bioinformatics and programming in general to engage these software framework communities as both a user and a contributor .
Taking the time to understand the source code behind these frameworks and their system design can be highly educational , and members of framework user communities are often more than willing to constructively critique another 's source code and program designs .
Furthermore , active participation in an open source bioinformatics project can be noted on one 's resume or CV as “ on the job ” bioinformatics experience , which can often be hard to gain for fledgling students and practitioners of bioinformatics .
The Importance of UNIX Skills Even if you do n't choose to run a UNIX - based Operating System ( OS ) on your personal workstation , knowledge of UNIX is tremendously useful in bioinformatics .
Although the Windows platform is perfectly adequate for bioinformatics , the simple truth is that the majority of bioinformatics computation happens on UNIX - based computer systems .
A portion of this circumstance may be attributable to a tradition of scientific computing on UNIX and the availability of many free , open source UNIX - based OS , such as Linux .
Even so , it can be argued that a UNIX - based OS offers several advantages when it comes to facilitating bioinformatics .
Perhaps one of the most compelling reasons to learn UNIX is to avoid programming altogether by leveraging the flexible and extensible UNIX shell environment .
UNIX systems provide access to a vast array of specialized utilities that are executed by a command interpreter known as the UNIX shell .
While these commands are often limited to very specialized functionality ( e.g. , the “ cat ” command simply concatenates and prints files ) , the UNIX pipe operator , “ | ” , makes it possible to create ad hoc software pipelines by connecting the output of one command to the input of another .
The software pipeline paradigm is common in bioinformatics [ 35 ] , where many biological questions are evaluated by chaining specialized bioinformatics tools together into an analysis pipeline ( e.g. , BLAST search → Multiple sequence alignment → Phylogenetic analysis ) using a scripting language .
In many cases , it is possible to avoid time - consuming and mundane programming tasks by simply chaining together a number of UNIX commands using the pipe operator ( e.g. , cut - f1 results .
txt | grep “ miRNA ” | sed s/ T/U/ > outfile.txt ) .
It is also trivial to execute these utilities from within a program script to provide discrete functionality in place of additional script code ( e.g. , invoking the “ gzip ” utility to compress data files ) .
In the past , access to UNIX - based systems was fairly limited , and programmers typically gained text - based terminal access to UNIX - based systems by logging in to expensive , proprietary computer systems housed in university computing labs and research centers .
Today it is possible to install a variety of user - friendly UNIX - based systems , such as Mac OS X or the open source Ubuntu Linux distribution [ 36 ] , on a personal computer .
There are even specialized Linux distributions available , such as BioBrew [ 37 ] , which have been specially designed to support bioinformatics computing .
ortunately the Cygwin project [ 38 ] brings a large degree of UNIX functionality to Windows - based systems ; nonetheless there exist many bioinformatics tools and libraries that run only on , or are optimized specifically for , UNIX - based systems .
Keeping Projects Documented and Manageable
It 's difficult to produce clean , error - free , and reusable code without good programming hygiene .
This includes using a clear and consistent variable naming convention , documenting your code , and for sufficiently large and complex projects , testing and building your code on a regular basis .
Unfortunately , much like the many tasks associated with physical hygiene , these activities are often tedious , mundane , and apt to spark bemoaning or outright disregard by those expected to participate in them .
Nonetheless the world of computer programming is fortunate to have a wealth of tools available whose sole purpose is to automate many of its mundane aspects .
In this era of open source software and collaborative research , it 's likely that the program code you write will provide value to others .
In fact , many journals will now require you to publish your source code along with a manuscript .
Good documentation is key to making good sense of code , but it is often neglected due to its tedious nature , or the oft - erroneous belief that neither yourself nor anyone else will ever use the source code again .
The best way to get into the habit of good code documentation is to automate it .
Tools like Doxygen [ 39 ] , JavaDoc [ 40 ] , PyDoc [ 41 ] , and others offer lightweight means for documenting code and easily generating formalized code documentation .
Good variable naming is also an important aspect of good documentation .
Resist the urge to use non-descriptive names for your variables ( e.g. , a 1 or var1 ) and try to be as consistent and verbose as necessary ( e.g. , database_connection ) .
Many programming language communities have established preferred variable naming conventions [ 42 ] , and therefore it is advisable to see if such conventions exist for the languages you use regularly .
Well - documented code is easy for others to use , and if people can easily use your code , it 's likely that the value you are providing to others will translate into increased opportunities personally and professionally .
Also , many potential employers will want to see code you 've written , and therefore it 's beneficial to have a large portfolio of well - documented program code on hand for job interviews .
If you are working on a sufficiently large and complex bioinformatics project , it 's likely that you may need to regularly build and test your software , deploy it to various Web server systems , or execute complex computational tasks as part of the work .
Fortunately this process can be extensively automated by a number of freely available task automation software tools .
The venerable UNIX “ make ” utility [ 43 ] is somewhat of a progenitor of many modern task automation tools .
At its core , “ make ” will read and execute any number of tasks from a Makefile , which are defined using a structured macro language .
Modern variants of “ make , ” such as Apache Ant [ 44 ] , SCons [ 45 ] , and Rake [ 46 ] , offer functionality similar to “ make ” and are sometimes more intuitive to work with .
Given their generalized nature and extensibility , programmers will find that nearly every aspect of building , testing , packaging , deploying , and executing program code can be automated using some form of task automation software .
Preserving Your Source Code Perhaps the only certainties in computer programming are that ( i ) there is a high probability that you will introduce new bugs every time you modify your code and ( ii ) your computer hardware accumulates an increased prior probability of failure over its lifetime .
Despite this , many programmers are content to keep their precious source code strewn across their disk drives in the form of disordered , non-redundant files .
Several Version Control Systems ( VCS ) , which keep track of changes to source code files over time and offer the ability to revert and merge changes , are freely available .
Despite the benefits offered by VCS , these systems remain underutilized by many programmers , and particularly in academic settings .
Open source VCS such as CVS [ 47 ] , Subversion [ 48 ] , and Git [ 49 ] are simple to obtain , set up , and use , and many easy - to - use front end clients for these systems are freely available .
The majority of modern text and source code editors also have support for VCS built in or offered through a plug - in or extension .
VCS clients such as TortiseSVN [ 50 ] and SCPlugin [ 51 ] can even integrate VCS functionality at the OS file system level , such that source code versioning functionality is available through the OS file explorer utilities .
Given their ease of use and low barrier of entry , there is almost no excuse for managing your source code outside of a VCS .
If you are working on source code as a team , then use of VCS is a necessity , as they offer features such as file locking and automated change merging in cases where multiple people are modifying the same source code files .
It is not necessary for one to set up and maintain their own VCS server system , as many free online services , such as SourceForge [ 52 ] and GitHub [ 53 ] , offer standard VCS capabilities with many added features .
The use of VCS can also be expanded beyond source code and is often used by academics to track and manage multiple versions of grants and manuscripts .
Furthermore , many jobs in academia and especially industry will require the use of a VCS .
Therefore experience with such systems will serve to enhance a personal and professional career in bioinformatics .
Many programmers also fail to realize the importance of backing up their computer systems until they 've suffered a loss of their valuable source code through hardware failure , theft , or otherwise .
Historically , computer backups required the involvement of IT departments , expensive backup software systems , and explicit scheduling of backup events .
It is likely that these factors have contributed to the underutilization of backup software among students and cost - conscious academics .
Recently , a new model of continuous , incremental computer backups , sometimes referred to as “ snapshotting , ” has emerged from a number of vendors and Web application service providers .
These services , such as Mozy [ 54 ] and IDrive [ 55 ] ( commercial services are given for example only ) , install a software client on a computer that monitors the computer for file system changes , streaming continuous backups of the computer 's file system to encrypted , redundant online backup storage servers .
The main advantage of these services is that after the initial setup , the software will continue to back up your files without any explicit intervention from the user ( which is why they are sometimes also referred to as “ set it and forget it ” backup software ) .
While most of these services are commercial endeavors , many offer free accounts that provide ample storage for source code and other important documents .
At the time of this writing , open source implementations of such systems , such as TimeVault [ 56 ] , are just beginning to emerge , but we expect many similar open source projects to appear and mature in the near future .
Of course , backup software and systems themselves can fail ; therefore it is provident to mitigate risk by implementing a redundant backup plan that incorporates two or more systems or services ( e.g. , backing up to an external hard disk and to an online backup service ) .
Embracing Parallel Computing Paradigms Parallel programming and execution can drastically enhance the speed of many computational tasks in bioinformatics , however the perceived complexity of parallel programming often serves to deter many from using it effectively in their bioinformatics work .
There are essentially two major types of computational tasks that can be parallelized in software , which are defined by their dependency model as either Loosely Coupled ( LC ) or Tightly Coupled ( TC ) .
LC tasks are those whose execution does not depend on the state or output of any other computational task of the same class .
Examples in bioinformatics would include a program that computes ligand - receptor binding affinities across many possible independent ligand - receptor combinations or a program that computes multiple sequence alignments for many independent protein families .
LC tasks are generally the easiest to parallelize , as they often entail executing the same program logic on different data files or on the same data files using different parameters .
There are many software systems available that are designed to facilitate the execution and control of LC task parallelization .
Among the most popular are open source systems such as Sun Grid Engine ( SGE ) [ 57 ] and Open Portable Batch System ( OpenPBS ) [ 58 ] .
Such systems are often referred to as job scheduling or batch processing systems , and they are routinely used to distribute individual computational tasks across groups of networked computers .
TC tasks are those whose execution is dependent on the state or output of other tasks .
Examples in bioinformatics include molecular dynamics simulations or stochastic optimization heuristics .
TC tasks are generally more difficult to implement , as they typically require programs to incorporate calls to functions from parallelization libraries , such as Message Passing Interface ( MPI ) – based libraries [ 59 ] , and leave many complex details of parallel execution , synchronization , and consistency checking to the programmer .
Recently , a new paradigm for parallel computing , commonly referred to as MapReduce [ 60 ] , was introduced by Google as a simplified software framework for parallelizing computation across large clusters of commodity computers .
Since it was initially described , a large number of open source MapReduce projects have been implemented in various programming languages , such as Hadoop ( Java ) [ 61 ] , Disco ( Python ) [ 62 ] , and Skynet ( Ruby ) [ 63 ] .
In essence , MapReduce frameworks help to break tasks down into discrete sub-problems ( the Map step ) , which are distributed to networked compute nodes , and cohesively aggregate the results of the independent sub - tasks ( the Reduce step ) .
Although MapReduce is not suitable in every case where parallelization may be needed , many bioinformaticians are experimenting with MapReduce [ 64 ] , and it is already showing great promise in accelerating short read mapping from high - throughput sequencing data sets [ 65 ] .
It is important to note that it is not necessary to have access to a formal computing cluster to utilize parallel computation .
Most of the software frameworks that facilitate parallel computing can execute parallel processes across multiple CPUs on a single machine .
At the time of this writing , a computer workstation with 8 CPU cores can be purchased for less than US $ 3,000.00 ; thus substantial parallel computing capabilities can be rather easily obtained by even those with the most modest budgets .
Furthermore , virtualized , or “ cloud , ” computing services , such as the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud ( EC2 ) [ 66 ] , provide an economical means to procure vast computing resources to facilitate parallel computation on an as - needed basis .
Consequently , large , publicly funded biocomputing initiatives , such as the Cancer Biomedical Informatics Grid ( caBIG ) [ 67 ] , have begun to investigate such cloud computing architectures to support their efforts .
Structuring Data for Speed and Scalability
The tradition of using flat files in bioinformatics ( i.e. , storing data records in large text files ) is out of step with current needs .
In the modern era of integrative biology and medicine , we are often faced with the task of integrating data from multiple sources in complex ways ( e.g. , relating SNPs , gene expression , and proteomics data to build models of gene regulation ) .
The use of flat files often requires the programmer to load huge numbers of data records into system memory , and then index and join these data using custom program logic .
Relational Database Management Systems ( RDBMS ) , such as MySQL [ 68 ] , are well suited for such tasks , yet they remain underutilized by many in bioinformatics .
The utilization of RDBMS can be intimidating to those without formal database training , as they often require the set - up and management of database server systems , and their contents must be defined and queried using the somewhat peculiar Structured Query Language ( SQL ) .
The conceptual incongruities between RDBMS and modern object - oriented programming paradigms have spurred the development of Object Relational Mapping ( ORM ) frameworks , which provide language - specific , object - oriented interfaces to traditional RDBMS .
ORMs virtually eliminate the need to write SQL statements to interact with the RDBMS .
Instead , a programmer instantiates native language data structures ( typically an object sub- classed from an ancestor class defined by the ORM framework ) , and calls to methods of these data structures are automatically translated by the ORM into the appropriate SQL query statements .
ORMs work bidirectionally , such that any results returned by the database are also translated into native language data structures .
For a simple example , an invocation of the following ORM pseudo code : translated_sequence = ProteinSequence. find ( 10 ) might automatically generate the following SQL statement : SELECT * FROM protein_sequences WHERE id = 10 ” The ORM would then automatically execute the statement in the RDBMS and use the results of the query to instantiate the variable translated_sequence as an object of the class ProteinSequence whose attributes and data match those defined by the fields in the translated_sequence table row with the key field id = 10 .
A potential downside of ORMs is that many require the database structure to conform to a predefined convention , making it sometimes difficult to use ORMs with existing databases .
Also , the SQL queries generated by ORMs can sometimes make suboptimal use of the database 's indexing and joining capabilities .
Popular open source ORMs include ActiveRecord ( Ruby ) [ 69 ] , SQLObject ( Python ) [ 70 ] , Hibernate ( Java ) [ 70 ] , and DBIx : : Class ( Perl ) [ 71 ] .
There are a number of alternative database systems that offer many of the advantages of RDBMS without the overhead of server set - up and maintenance .
SQLite is a fully embeddable , server - less RDBMS engine that allows for the creation of portable , relational database files that can be queried using SQL via a lightweight C library , for which many high - level and scripting language interfaces are available .
SQLite can also be used in conjunction with many ORM frameworks , drastically reducing the complexity of incorporating fast , structured data storage into bioinformatics scripts and applications .
Another server - less database system is BerkeleyDB , which also integrates into software via a lightweight C library but differs in that it offers a simpler key / data model rather than a relational data model .
For many bioinformatics tasks , we seek to integrate data objects by unique identifiers ( e.g. , matching gene expression and SNP data by Entrez GeneID ) , which is particularly amenable to the key / data paradigm behind hash - like database systems such as BerkeleyDB .
The key / data database model has proven to be particularly scalable , forming the conceptual basis of a new breed of distributed , large - scale database systems used to crawl Internet - scale ( i.e. , multi- terabyte ) datasets .
Open source implementations of these systems include HBase [ 72 ] , Hypertable [ 73 ] , and Cassandra [ 74 ] , which are being used by some of the world 's largest Internet companies , often in conjunction with MapReduce - based parallel computations .
These database systems are also well suited for working with bioinformatics data of similar scale .
Also worth investigating are so - called “ schema - less ” or “ document - oriented ” database systems , in which database objects can be defined in an ad hoc manner using key / data field definitions .
Examples include CouchDB [ 75 ] , MongoDB [ 76 ] , and Tokyo Cabinet [ 77 ] .
These systems offer more flexible query interfaces with optimizations for Web - based applications and are already showing some promise in the development of bioinformatics Web applications [ 78 ] .
Understand the Capabilities of Hardware Although we advise the use of high - level scripting languages for many aspects of bioinformatics , it is still important to understand how various features of modern computer hardware architectures can be leveraged to substantially enhance and accelerate bioinformatics .
Many recent innovations in computer hardware designs were born from the needs of 3D computer gaming , where the mathematical and computational needs are oftentimes on par with that of bioinformatics .
Therefore bioinformaticians can and have repurposed these technologies to enhance and accelerate a broad range of tasks in bioinformatics , and in many cases , to dramatic effect [ 79 ] .
One straightforward means of using hardware to accelerate bioinformatics code is to vectorize its execution using the Single Instruction , Multiple Data ( SIMD ) instruction sets offered by all modern workstation CPUs .
SIMD capabilities are referred to by different names depending on implementation and manufacturer ( e.g. , SSE in Intel x86 and Altivec in PowerPC CPUs ) , but their overall purpose and capabilities are essentially the same .
The extent of code vectorization possible using SIMD is dependent on various features of the CPU vector units , but generally , SIMD allows a set of instructions that would normally be executed serially ( e.g. , a “ for ” loop of 1..n floating point calculation ) to be executed in parallel per CPU cycle ( e.g. , four loop iterations at a time ) .
Many free and commercial compilers now have auto- vectorization capabilities , which attempt to analyze your code and automatically optimize sections of program execution using SIMD when possible .
Therefore existing bioinformatics applications may find speed gains through a simple recompiling of the source code with the compiler 's SIMD optimization capabilities enabled .
SIMD optimization has already been used in bioinformatics to substantially improve the performance of many sequence matching and alignment algorithms [ 80 ] – [ 83 ] .
The vector computing paradigms ushered in by SIMD have been extended towards the development of specialized Graphics Processing Units ( GPU ) , which act independently from the primary CPU (s ) to process 2D and 3D graphics rendering .
Because of their computational prowess for certain types of mathematical computations and transformations , which can be up to several orders of magnitude faster than the primary CPU (s ) for similar tasks , GPUs have been appropriated for tasks beyond graphics processing , engendering the development of several techniques for General Purpose computing on GPU ( GPGPU ) .
GPGPU is facilitated by a number of software frameworks , such as CUDA [ 84 ] and OpenCL [ 85 ] , which aim to provide generalized programming interfaces to the GPU hardware .
Not surprisingly , GPGPU has already been successfully harnessed by bioinformaticians to drastically accelerate tasks related to sequence alignment [ 86 ] , [ 87 ] and molecular dynamics simulations [ 88 ] .
Interestingly , a number of scripting language interfaces are being developed for GPGPU libraries , such as gputools ( R ) [ 89 ] and pystream ( Python ) [ 90 ] , making GPGPU hardware acceleration capabilities accessible to those who are most comfortable working with high - level languages .
Another hardware technology of note for bioinformatics is the Field Programmable Gate Array ( FPGA ) .
An FPGA can be loosely conceptualized as a dynamically reconfigurable CPU , where the logical elements found within the chip can be dynamically reconfigured using a specialized hardware description language .
The benefit of FPGAs for bioinformatics comes from the fact that it is possible to implement certain types of bioinformatics algorithms within the FPGA , effectively enabling the creation of customized hardware acceleration for bioinformatics computations .
FPGA - based hardware acceleration has already been demonstrated for several bioinformatics applications , including sequence alignment [ 91 ] – [ 93 ] , molecular dynamics [ 94 ] , and proteomics [ 95 ] .
Additionally , a number of specialized FPGAs for bioinformatics applications can be readily purchased “ off the shelf ” from commercial vendors .
Embracing Standards and Interoperability Data exchange and interoperability is an old problem in bioinformatics that has engendered the development of a number of standardized data file formats .
However , efforts to standardize data are often contentious and slow to keep pace with emerging data types .
While it is most noble to use an established , standardized data format when possible , it is sometimes not possible or practical .
Still , there are habits that can be put into practice that make it easier to share your data with others .
The most basic approach is to use a markup language , such as the eXtensible Markup Language ( XML ) , to provide some basic structure and annotation for your data format .
XML parsers or XML Stylesheet Language Transformations ( XSLT ) can be easily used to convert data structured by XML to any number of alternative formats .
Although XML may be seen as overkill for simpler data formats , efforts should still be made to provide your data in a format that is easily consumable by others .
Comma - or tab - delimited file formats are a commonplace means for representing data when data can be represented in tabular form , however this approach is not practical when the format is required to define complex relationships between entities , nor do they permit encapsulated nesting of data elements within others .
Although XML would be applicable in such situations , its use can be cumbersome to those unfamiliar with it ; therefore one could alternatively use the lightweight data serialization formats such as JavaScript Object Notation ( JSON ) [ 96 ] or YAML [ 97 ] to provide a lightweight data format that is easily interpreted by both humans and programming languages .
Another alternative when it comes to facilitating data exchange is to avoid file formats altogether , and instead provide programmatically accessible , Web - based interfaces to your data sources .
One means to do this is to expose your data sources using standardized Web - service interfaces , such as Representational State Transfer ( ReST ) [ 98 ] or Web Services Description Language ( WSDL ) [ 99 ] , for which many counterpart implementation libraries exist for a large number of programming languages .
This would allow others to access your data sources directly from program code , potentially reducing the burden for sharing large data sets with collaborators and communities .
When providing data for others , it is also important to use as many standardized data and concept identifiers as possible .
It is unfortunate that so much effort has gone into the development of text mining tools and techniques for identifying which species , diseases , and drugs are represented in public datasets , because many of these concepts are defined by these data using inconsistent , free - text labels .
If the designers of these file formats and data repositories had required the use of the many systematized nomenclatures available , such as the many defined within the freely available Unified Medical Language System ( UMLS ) [ 100 ] , then it would be much easier to systematically query and appropriate these vast public data repositories for downstream research .
Online services such as The Open Biomedical Ontologies Foundry [ 101 ] and the NCBO BioPortal [ 102 ] offer rich , Web - based interfaces for discovering and exploring a large number of existing biomedical ontologies available in the public domain .
Value Your Time
The advent of open source software and the commoditization and virtualization of computing hardware have drastically reduced the cost of software development .
By far , the most expensive aspect of software development today is the programmer 's time , and thus the success of programming efforts in academia or industry will be invariably tied to effective use of programmer time .
One major source of time inefficiency in software development is an imbalance of architecture versus accomplishment .
The urge to create this imbalance is particularly strong when developing large , object - oriented systems , where programmers might be inclined to code excessively complex data models , in an effort to build a system that accounts for all possible points of failure and edge cases .
There is always room to improve a system to make it more “ perfect . ”
Therefore in regards to program design , we assert it is best to invoke Voltaire 's adage , “ The perfect is the enemy of the good . ”
The most highly used and cited bioinformatics tools simply work well enough to do a reasonably good job at the specific task for which they were designed .
The success of bioinformatics software is based not on the elegance of the software design , but rather its utility as a tool for driving and answering biological questions .
Consequently it is no surprise that many successful bioinformatics apps are written by biologists who lack formal computer science training , as they undoubtedly put scientific utility ahead of architectural elegance and completeness .
The key to effective use of programming time is to put a high value on your time .
As a guide , it can be helpful to put a value on your time based on your salary , stipend , or personal goals .
If you determine your programming time to be worth $ 100 an hour , is it reasonable to take the time to re-implement a statistical method in code if you can purchase a commercial software library that can provide it for $ 50 ?
Is it reasonable to spend weeks to optimize an algorithm if $ 2,000 in additional computing hardware will accomplish the same performance gains ?
As a general principle , outsource or purchase everything but genius to maximize your contribution to driving scientific questions and accomplishment .
Conclusion
Although there are many factors and principals underlying excellence in bioinformatics , the rules presented here aim to convey a set of pragmatic knowledge and principals that are most likely to offer high value to programmers across the broad spectrum of bioinformatics in both academia and industry .
The relevance of many of the rules outlined here can be directly evaluated though a survey of the bioinformatics positions described within scientific job sites , such as Nature Jobs ( http://www.naturejobs.com) and Science Jobs ( http://www.sciencejobs.com).
For example , at the time of this writing , a search for the term “ UNIX ” finds more than 100 open positions seeking proficiency in UNIX .
Readers should take note that the landscape of tools and technologies used in bioinformatics is constantly changing and that long - term success in bioinformatics requires one to stay abreast of these changes .
Readers are encouraged to make use of newsreaders to subscribe to the RSS feeds of the many journals , blogs , and user community sites oriented towards bioinformatics .
Readers are also encouraged to join the many vibrant bioinformatics user communities established within popular social networking sites , such as LinkedIn ( http://www.linkedin.com), FriendFeed ( http://www.friendfeed.com), Epernicus ( http://www.epernicus.com), and Twine ( http://www.twine.com).
Acknowledgments JTD would like to thank Russ B. Altman for the opportunity to present to his biomedical informatics students the lecture from which much of this manuscript has been derived .
JTD would also like to thank Shirley Wu for early feedback on the manuscript concepts and for demonstrating the value of these concepts to the broader bioinformatics community .
According to a notice on Air Canada 's web site , as expected , the TSA has issued new rules to make it harder for people to blow up planes :
New rules imposed by the U.S. Transportation Security Administration also limit on - board activities by customers and crew in U.S. airspace that may adversely impact on - board service .
Among other things , during the final hour of flight customers must remain seated , will not be allowed to access carry - on baggage , or have personal belongings or other items on their laps .
Nothing specific about " electronics " yet , though they presumably qualify as " personal belongings . "
The new rules presumably mean that for flights of 90 minutes or less , you can't get up , move , or work .
We guess we 're glad the TSA is getting serious about making it harder to blow up planes .
But here 's our question :
What 's so special about the last hour of flight ?
If you 're dead - set on blowing up a plane , ca n't you just do it earlier in the flight ?
See Also : You Wo n't Believe The Draconian New Flight Security Measures Coming Your Way
Sorry for the radio silence .
I 've been hard at work getting the art for The Walk further along than it has been .
But I still feel like a failure on many levels .
I can't blame myself for losing a couple years on it due to my health .
But I have a hard time working on it ...
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The United States will not be in Afghanistan eight years from now , the White House said on Wednesday , as President Barack Obama prepared to explain to Americans next week why he is expanding the war effort .
After months of deliberation and fending off Republican charges that he was dithering on Afghanistan while violence there surged , Obama will address the nation on Tuesday on the way forward in the costly and unpopular eight - year war .
He is expected to announce he is sending about 30,000 more troops as part of a new counterinsurgency strategy that will place greater emphasis on accelerating the training of Afghan security forces so that U.S. soldiers can eventually withdraw .
It appears highly unlikely Obama will offer a specific troop withdrawal timetable , but White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said the president would stress that the U.S. involvement in Afghanistan was not open - ended .
“ We are in year nine of our efforts in Afghanistan .
We are not going to be there another eight or nine years , ” Gibbs told reporters .
“ Our time there will be limited and that is important for people to understand , ” he said .
He said Obama would use his prime - time televised speech to stress the “ sheer cost ” of the war , explain to Americans why their military was still in Afghanistan , and press Afghan President Hamid Karzai to improve governance after being re-elected in a fraud - tainted vote in August .
“ The American people are going to want to know why we are here , they are going to want to know what our interests are , ” Gibbs said .
The White House has estimated it will cost $ 1 million per year for each additional soldier sent to Afghanistan .
With the U.S. deficit hitting $ 1.4 trillion and fueling Americans ’ concerns about high government spending , sending more troops to Afghanistan could be a politically risky move for Obama .
Obama ’s fellow Democrats , who control the U.S. Congress , face potentially difficult midterm elections in November 2010 , with Republicans eager to exploit Americans ’ unease about the country ’s ballooning deficit and high unemployment .
Two veteran Democratic lawmakers have already called for imposing a “ war tax ” to pay for the troop increase .
“ VERY , VERY , VERY EXPENSIVE ”
Gibbs said Obama would meet with key lawmakers to brief them about his plan ahead of his Tuesday speech .
Key committees in the House of Representatives and the Senate will hold back - to - back hearings next Wednesday and Thursday with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Admiral Mike Mullen .
Gibbs said the financial cost of the conflict -- which reached $ 6.7 billion in June alone -- and the physical toll it had taken on the U.S. military made the war unsustainable in the long term .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
“ It is very , very , very expensive , ” Gibbs said .
Obama will again press Karzai to improve the performance of his corruption - plagued government .
Karzai ’s legitimacy was tarnished after a fraud - riddled election in August that saw millions of ballots favoring him thrown out .
“ As the president has told President Karzai , there has to be a new chapter in Afghan governance and that is something the president will talk about on Tuesday , ” Gibbs said .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
Obama has spent the past three months reviewing the U.S. strategy in Afghanistan , where a resurgent Taliban has driven violence to its highest levels since U.S. forces invaded in 2001 to oust the militant Islamists for harboring al Qaeda leaders responsible for the September 11 attacks on the United States .
The president has drawn fire from Republican critics for the time he has taken to reach a decision , but the White House has countered saying the former Bush administration neglected Afghanistan and allowed the security situation to deteriorate .
Obama ’s address to the nation at 8 p.m. EST on December 1 ( 0100 GMT December 2 ) from the West Point military academy in New York state will mark the end of a long process of deliberation that was characterized by a slow drip of leaks about the various options he was considering .
Angered by the leaks , which some analysts saw as an attempt by some in the administration to influence the president ’s thinking , Obama threatened to make them a firing offense .
On December 16th in the town of Cuernavaca , Mexican armed forced cornered and killed Don Arturo Beltran Leyva , the country ’s most powerful drug boss and one of the top three capos of the trade .
Some people still do n’t believe he is dead , some do , but all agree that it ’s going to unleash a shitstorm .
He ’s a mythical figure among his people , but Americans have no idea who he is .
So allow me the honor to introduce you to the man and the legend of Don Arturo Beltran Leyva .
In Mexico , if you call someone “ Don , ” it means you respect him to the extreme , and even fear him .
You ’d be more than justified in using the title when referring to the “ jefe de jefes ” of the Mexican drug trade .
Don Arturo Beltra Levya was without exaggeration the most powerful boss in the country .
He had more power than Joaquin “ El Chapo ” Guzman , the drug cartel boss who was listed as Fobes ’ # 701 richest man of 2009 .
In Mexico , you wo n’t hear anyone referring to him as “ Don Joaquin . ”
Don Arturo died as he lived : immersed in extreme violence .
He was born on September 21 , 1961 in the mythic “ cradle of capos , ” Badiraguato , Sinaloa .
He was a poppy farmer and initiated the Forbes - listed “ El Chapo ” ( “ Shorty ” ) into the business of drug trafficking .
Over time , Don Arturo worked his way up to becoming one of the most wanted men on the planet , his power and influence extending from Colombia all the way up into the Continental United States .
He was king of his domain : paying off government officials tasked with capturing him and bribing the highest ranking military officials .
Many anti-drug czars in the PGR ( which is Mexico ’s version of the FBI ) , the SSP ( our Department of Defense ) and even the SIEDO ( an anti-narco intelligence service of sorts ) were on the take .
And anyone who was n’t and stood in his way was executed .
Most of Sinaloa , Sonora and Durango — the tri-state region known as the Golden Triangle — was his .
So was the entire state of Guerrero , especially the tourist - friendly zone of Acapulco , where he kept the streets safe and clean by killing off junkies , petty thieves , kidnappers , robbers and all other kinds of “ undesirables . ”
He even ordered all tienditas to be protected by armed guards so clients would n’t be robbed by junkies after buying something .
( They should do that at the top stairs of La Indepe here in Monterrey , where junkies swarm you like Somalis on a UN food delivery truck . )
People feared him more than the Devil himself .
And like the Devil , Don Arturo had many names : “ El Barbas ” ( “ the Beard ” ) , “ El Botas Blancas ” ( “ White Boots ” ) or “ La Muerte ” ( “ Death ” ) .
And he always traveled in a badass bullet - proof SUV called “ El Satanica . ”
Don Arturo grew in notoriety even more last year , after he became convinced that his brother ’s arrest was a result of the betrayal of his one - time friend and apprentice , “ El Chapo , ” and proceeded to wage all out war against his former allies .
That ’s how the most violent chapter of the current drug war started , and then spread in a trail of blood and bullet casings to Morelos , Sinaloa , Guerrero , Mexico State ( Edomex ) and Mexico City .
Hell , they even fought for control of the Mexico City ’s international airport , which caused some of the baggage handlers started to loose their heads , literally .
In the last couple of months his life , Don Arturo started fiercely hunting his rivals .
It was a characterized by its extreme gore and violence : dozens of decapitated and dismembered bodies signed with “ Jefe de Jefes ” .
The manhunt that finally brought the Don down lasted six days , beginning with the information that he would be attending a three - day Christmas party thrown by his sicarios in Tepoztlan , Morelos ( close to Cuernavaca .
The entertainment included several norteño bands and the services of 24 high class prostitutes flown in from Acapulco .
The navy made their move while the party was raging , but he evaded them thanks the defensive capabilities of his many bodyguards .
The Marines only managed to kill three hombres and capture 23 women ( sadly one of the hookers died on the line of duty ) .
A few days later , the Navy located Don Arturo in a luxury apartment / upscale shopping mall complex , hiding out with 5 of his bodyguards .
According to the government , they obtained the intel from a man ( a sicario most likely ) they found in a hospital getting his gunshot wounds bandaged up .
But that ’s their word , I ’m more inclined to believe that the goddamn musicians gave him up , let ’s hope they do n’t lose their heads over this .
Once they located the Don , they surrounded the complex with enough firepower to turn to whole block into rubble .
For hours , the area was filled with the sound of constant automatic fire , interrupted only by grenade explosions and the shouts of Marines telling the entrenched narcos to surrender .
It was a weird scene for such an upscale neighborhood inhabited by the rich and the powerful .
Hell , even the Governor lived a couple hundred meters away from the apartment complex being shelled Lebanon - style .
But the Don had nowhere to go .
More than a hundred Marines guarded the complex , and sixty more had rappelled down onto the roof from choppers .
The narcos were outnumbered maybe 100 to 1 , but they still kept the Marines at bay for several hours .
One by one , Don Arturo ’s protection ring fell dead .
One even preferred to jump from a window to his death rather than be captured .
It was a crazed way to go , doing a bonzai jump out a window in the middle of firefight .
The Marines did n’t leave shit to chance , though , shooting him in the back mid-air .
And I do n’t think this would count as mercy - killing .
As the hours went by and the capo ran out of grenades , he made a mad dash for the elevator hoping to make it to the basement where “ La Satanica ” waited warming its engine .
With an R - 15 in hand , he opened the front door , intending to shoot his way through the Marines .
But the Don did n’t make it very far .
The Marines shot him full of holes right at the entrance to his apartment , blowing a huge hole in shoulder .
He fell to the ground with about 30 grenade pins all around his body .
It was a grizzly scene , and strikingly similar to that last bit in Scarface .
The Don was found with $ 40,000 dollars , and various religious objects : a protection cocktail of sorts that included a golden rosary , two Chinese talismans ( a dragon and a serpent ) and a velvet bag of santeria .
Many narcos ( including a few of my friends ) believe in these kinds of things , even if they are n’t religions not practitioners .
They do it just to be safe .
They ’ll use anything that might give them an edge .
On the table they found bowls of fruit , a plate of ham & eggs with guacamole , a bag of good - looking weed , what looked like about 2 ounces of pure cocaine straight from the FARC fields , and an unmistakable ( to me at least ) package of good´ol rivotrils ( aka roofies ) to calm the nerves , keep a steady head and banish the fear .
In his bedroom , which was full of bullet holes , the Marines found brand new Hugo Boss clothes , some still with the price tags , a bible , many family pictures , images of the Virgen de Guadalupe , and some badass green crocodile - skin boots .
“ They could have lived , because from the beginning we told him to surrender and he did n’t accept it .
He fought to the death , ” said a Marine who participated in the raid .
Don Arturo was photographed with his pants below his knees and his body covered in both Mexican and American bills .
The Marines did this to “ discredit ” him and make an example of him , I guess .
( This already is creating problems for the Government , which is being accused of exhibiting the body of the drug lord as a propaganda trophy . )
They were acting all tough , but everyone was still shit - scared about the possibility that a backup squadron of sicarios would attempt to rescue the body of “ el jefe de jefes . ”
So even after they killed him , something like 500 additional units arrived to guard the bodies !
The body was claimed by his 3 sisters so he can receive a proper burial , probably in his birthplace in Sinaloa .
Expect a big-ass mausoleum worthy of a goddamn Persian Shah .
The only question that stands after this events is : why did they REALLY kill him ?
Some would say it was a result of President Calderon´s war on drugs , others would say that he was n’t captured alive because of the names of government people he could reveal .
Which is all true , but the real question is WHO benefits from his death ?
Not the Mexican people ; it was well known that he was the only narco that the government could “ deal ” with , even the Mexican armed forces come out losers .
Power will shift and restructure , and like tectonic plates shifting and settling , it ’s gonna cause a lot of tremors .
There might even be a volcanic eruption or two .
The Beltran cartel will restructure itself according to the strength of its top operators : Edgar Valdes Villarreal “ La Barbie ” , a Laredo Texan with talent for the killing ; Mario Beltran Leyva “ El General ” , most likely the next in line to lead the cartel ; and Sergio Villarreal “ El Grande , ” a two - meter - tall guy who referred to Don Arturo as apá ( or dad ) .
All itching to pull the cuernos ( AK47 ) and make the erres ( R15 ) roar .
Let ’s hope that cooler heads prevail and they do n’t go pointing their guns at a Navy Admiral or something counterproductive like that .
But however the Beltran cartel achieves its corporate restructuring , the two biggest beneficiaries of Don Arturo ’s demise are a ) his allies , the Zetas ; and b ) his enemy “ El Chapo . ”
So buckle up , it ’s going to be a bumpy ride in 2010 .
PS : The death of Arturo Beltran does n’t serve as an example to society that you should n’t follow his path , because when all doors are locked and one has to choose between dying of hunger in a fucked up situation or becoming a millionaire for even a brief time , they will always choose the second option .
That ’s exactly the feeling that many Mexicans share : one would rather die rich than live being poor .
The King is dead , long live the King .
***
Pancho Montana is an eXiled Special Mexican War on Drugs Correspondent .
Check out more of his stuff .
As a native of Monterrey , Nuevo Leon , located in northern Mexico , Mr. Montana lives in Gulf Cartel territory .
That means the streets belong to the Zetas , a paramilitary organization trained by the Yankees and hired by the Gulf Cartel to keep things civilized and business booming .
Washington DC Approves Gay Marriage
The United States capital , Washington , DC , has passed a bill that will allow gay marriages after the city council passed the bill 11 - 2 , Tuesday , December 15 .
City mayor Adrian Fenty promised to promote the law and is expected to sign it before Christmas .
It will take into effect next month if it survives 30 - days legislative review period .
The US House and Senate and President Barack Obama would all have to disapprove the bill to overturn the city resolution .
Such a unanimous decision is unlikely to happen .
Supporters of same - sex marriage cheered in the council chamber after the vote was announced while declaring that it was a historic event .
Opposition immediately voiced their concerns too .
The Catholic Church warned that it will stop joint aid projects with the city .
The Baptist Church meanwhile said they will ask the Superior Court to define marriage as between man and woman only .
There are four states currently allowing gay marriages .
These are Connecticut , Iowa , Massachusetts and Vermont .
New Hampshire is set to join January 2010 .
KABUL , Afghanistan 
Three journalists for the British newspaper The Guardian were released unharmed on Wednesday after being kidnapped last week by an armed gang in a rugged and remote part of eastern Afghanistan , the newspaper said .
The journalists , Ghaith Abdul - Ahad , who is Iraqi , and two Afghan colleagues , had spent six days in cold and snowy conditions surviving on soup , tea and bread , the newspaper reported .
It credited efforts by representatives and intermediaries in Afghanistan but did not release details , including the names of the two Afghans , to “ avoid compromising the security of those involved , particularly those remaining in Afghanistan . ”
The newspaper described the three as “ exhausted but in good spirits . ”
The men had traveled to Kunar Province , a mountainous Taliban stronghold along the border with Pakistan , to interview militants .
After last hearing from Mr. Abdul - Ahad on Dec. 9 , The Guardian said , it was informed two days later that the men had been kidnapped .
Following the practice of other news organizations whose reporters have been kidnapped during the prolonged conflict in Afghanistan , including The New York Times , The Guardian withheld disclosure of the abductions while efforts to secure the release of the three were under way .
About Us
Located 9 miles Northwest of Smithville Missouri , Ed Davis Gamebird Farm has been providing quality pheasant hunts since 1977 .
With acres of ideal hunting property you are guaranteed to have an exciting and rewarding hunting experience with your group .
Plan Your Trip
Get directions to Ed Davis Gamebird Farm .
Check the local weather forecast before your hunt .
Read the checklist of what to bring to the lodge .
Call Now : 816.790.3491
Adobe has published an entry on their blog outlining how fuzzing plays a part in discovering security issues in their product prior to launching it .
Its good to see a company such as Adobe publishing this information as its one of those things that is discussed frequently by the security community , however is rarely discussed by larger companies ( excluding Microsoft ) actually implementing it .
If you 're into fuzzing or have considered utilizing fuzzing to find security related defects in your code , this article is a must read .
Blog Entry : http://blogs.adobe.com/asset/2009/12/fuzzing_reader_-_lessons_learned.html
Canadian teenagers are among the largest consumers of cannabis worldwide .
The damaging effects of this illicit drug on young brains are worse than originally thought , according to new research by Dr. Gabriella Gobbi , a psychiatric researcher from the Research Institute of the McGill University Health Centre .
The new study , published in Neurobiology of Disease , suggests that daily consumption of cannabis in teens can cause depression and anxiety , and have an irreversible long - term effect on the brain .
" We wanted to know what happens in the brains of teenagers when they use cannabis and whether they are more susceptible to its neurological effects than adults , " explained Dr. Gobbi , who is also a professor at McGill University .
Her study points to an apparent action of cannabis on two important compounds in the brain -- serotonin and norepinephrine -- which are involved in the regulation of neurological functions such as mood control and anxiety .
" Teenagers who are exposed to cannabis have decreased serotonin transmission , which leads to mood disorders , as well as increased norepinephrine transmission , which leads to greater long - term susceptibility to stress , " Dr. Gobbi stated .
Previous epidemiological studies have shown how cannabis consumption can affect behaviour in some teenagers .
" Our study is one of the first to focus on the neurobiological mechanisms at the root of this influence of cannabis on depression and anxiety in adolescents , " confirmed Dr. Gobbi .
It is also the first study to demonstrate that cannabis consumption causes more serious damage during adolescence than adulthood .
Dr. Gabriella Gobbi is a researcher at the neuroscience axis of the Research Institute of the McGill University Health Centre and also a psychiatrist and associate professor at the Department of Psychiatry , McGill University .
This study was funded by a grant from The Canadian Psychiatric Research Foundation ( CPRF )
This article was co-authored by Dr. Francis Rodriguez Bambico ; Ms. Nhu - Tram Nguyen , and Mr. Noam Katz from from IR - MUHC and the Neurobiological Psychiatry Unit , Department of Psychiatry , McGill University .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
With the public option now out of the healthcare bill , is it still worth passing ?
Regular readers will be unsurprised that I think the answer is pretty firmly yes — and that liberals who now want to pick up their toys and hand reform its sixth defeat in the past century need to wake up and smell the decaf .
Politics sucks .
It always has .
But the bill in front of us — messy , incomplete , and replete with bribes to every interest group imaginable — is still well worth passing .
First , here ’s me a few months ago :
If you combine ( a ) Medicare , ( b ) our current employer - based insurance regime , and ( c ) community rating along with subsidies for low - income families , you ’ve essentially institutionalized universal healthcare insurance .
Not everyone will take advantage of it — there will always be a few people who go without coverage even if it ’s affordable — and you still a need a few other things like out - of - pocket caps .
Still , it ’s basically a statement that everyone in the country can and should be covered .
And once that becomes a cultural norm , it will never go away .
Even without the public option , which can be added on to the current legislative framework later if we stay on the ball and scrape up the votes for it , we ’re still getting community rating and subsidies for low - and middle - income families .
That ’s huge .
And here ’s Ezra Klein :
“ This is a good bill , ” Sen . Sherrod Brown said on Countdown last night .
“ Not a great bill , but a good bill . ”
That ’s about right .
But the other piece to remember is that more than it ’s a good bill , it ’s a good start .
With $ 900 billion in subsidies already in place , it ’s easier to add another hundred billion later , if we need it , than it would be to pass $ 1 trillion in subsidies in 2011 .
With the exchanges built and private insurers unable to hold down costs , it ’s easier to argue for adding a strong public option to the market than it was before we ’d tried regulation and a new competitive structure .
With 95 percent of the country covered , it ’s easier to go the final 5 percent .
And with a health - care reform bill actually passed , it ’s easier to convince legislators that passing such bills is possible .
On its own terms , the bill is the most important social policy achievement since the Great Society .
It will save a lot of lives and prevent a lot of suffering .
Ten years ago this bill would have seemed a godsend .
The fact that it does n’t now is a reflection of higher aspirations from the left , and that ’s great .
It demonstrates a resurgence of liberalism that ’s long overdue .
But this is still a huge achievement that will benefits tens of millions of people in very concrete ways and will do it without expanding our long - term deficit .
Either with or without a public option , this is more than Bill Clinton ever did , more than Teddy Kennedy did , more than LBJ did , more than Truman did , and more than FDR did .
There wo n’t be many other times in our lives any of us will be able to say that .
So pass the bill .
The longer we wait , the worse it will get .
Pass it now .
Even at first glance , the Buffalo Bills team photo simply did n't look right .
Without serious examination , something is out of kilter .
Upon closer inspection , several items are amiss -- and one notable person is a -missing .
Before Sunday 's game against the Miami Dolphins , the Bills gave away team photos as fans passed through the turnstiles at Ralph Wilson Stadium .
Former head coach Dick Jauron , fired two weeks ago , was removed from the team photo as though he never existed .
Jauron evidently was seated to owner Ralph Wilson 's right when the photo was snapped in mid-September , but Jauron was erased and the rest of the row altered to fill in the vacancy .
Interim head coach Perry Fewell is stationed on a back row with the rest of the assistants .
Bills fan Matt Irving grabbed a few of the freebies Sunday .
Friend and fellow Bills loyalist Joshua Fitzgerald scanned a copy and posted it on the fan message board at TwoBillsDrive.com .
The Bills ' team photo was taken between Weeks 1 and 2 .
Terrell Owens posted personal pictures from the shoot on his Twitter page Sept. 19 .
Besides , there are several lapses of logic to indicate the rubout .
Players acquired before Jauron was fired ( tackle Jamon Meredith , linebacker Chris Draft , defensive back Todd Johnson ) are n't in the photo .
Players cut before Jauron was fired ( running back Xavier Omon , linebacker Alvin Bowen ) are present .
More telling is the visual evidence Jauron was erased like he was Leon Trotsky .
Other players seemingly were jockeyed around to keep the numerical - order motif , with the player on the left in the first row wearing the lowest uniform number and running through the highest number to the right of the fifth row .
The sequence was interrupted only by Wilson in the center and chief operating officer Russ Brandon to his left in the second row .
So who was depicted in the prominent spot to Wilson 's right ?
Rookie cornerback Jairus Byrd , a fine player .
He 's tied for the NFL interceptions lead and could be defensive rookie of the year .
But he did n't start a game until Week 3 .
Furthermore , there 's a phantom khaki pant and sneaker underneath Byrd in the team photo .
The players are in jerseys and game pants .
Coaches are in khakis .
And there 's more .
Defensive backs Terrence McGee and Ellis Lankster , on the left of the second row , have the same torso .
The shadows and wrinkles on their jerseys are identical .
The only difference is a doctored digit .
At the right end of the second row is defensive back Cary Harris , who looks like he has been amputated from the left knee down .
It appears McGee was sitting in front of him , but was moved up to the second row so everyone could slide toward center and fill in the big blank .
Various body parts have been copied and pasted to fill in spaces that had been covered .
Cornerbacks Ashton Youboty and Leodis McKelvin have the same left arm , noticeable by the six - fingered hand dangling from it .
Their hands are resting on imaginary legs .
The Bills declined to comment on the photo .
If only Bills fans could wipe Jauron from their brains as easily as he was removed from the picture .
It goes beyond the social castration of men .
In the 60 - 70 's divorce rates doubled .
And today , 50 % of all divorces end .
with that said many of my divorces leave boys fatherless , and left with only one parent to help boost them into manhood .
Since these women raised boys turned men , have no idea how to be men , they turn to outside sources ... like the TV .
Men are lead to believe that being sensitive , thin , and metrosexual is a good thing ; and to a degree it is .
But we have this way of taking things overboard .
so there is this paradigm shift where men forget how to be manly .
so how does this affect marriage ?
When a couple gets married and its based on a soft man , and a woman who is afraid of spiders ... who ends up killing the bug in the shower .
or when the sh** filled toliet overflows ?
who is going to fix it ?
Men become hounds for sex , and beg for it .
And since we all know women are the gate keepers of sex , that puts them into a controlling roll .
So this leaves the world full " women " who have no toughness .
THE RECORD SOME WOULD PREFER TO FORGET ….
Just six years ago , congressional Republicans approved a major expansion of the government ’s role over health care , adding a massive amount of money to the national debt in its first decade .
The AP ’s Charles Babington reports that most GOP officials no longer want to talk about their own record .
Six years ago , “ it was standard practice not to pay for things , ” said Sen.
Orrin Hatch , R - Utah .
“ We were concerned about it , because it certainly added to the deficit , no question . ”
His 2003 vote has been vindicated , Hatch said , because the prescription drug benefit “ has done a lot of good . ”
Sen. George Voinovich , R - Ohio , said those who see hypocrisy “ can legitimately raise that issue . ”
But he defended his positions in 2003 and now , saying the economy is in worse shape and Americans are more anxious .
Sen. Olympia Snowe , R - Maine , said simply : “ Dredging up history is not the way to move forward . ”
Seriously ?
Is that how we ’re going to play this game ?
Snowe ’s quote is hard to take seriously — as if her own record is n’t relevant right now — but it ’s Hatch ’s quote that ’s especially ridiculous .
For Republicans , supporting huge new programs without figuring out how to pay for them “ was standard practice . ”
Six years later , this is justifiable , just so long as the huge new programs do “ a lot of good . ”
Just so we ’re clear , according to the rules , Republicans do n’t have to pay for their programs , and Democrats do .
Republicans can build up massive debts , and Democrats can’t .
Let ’s cut the nonsense .
Republicans supported Medicare Part D ( Karl Rove saw it as a way of creating a “ permanent ” GOP majority ) .
It was the biggest expansion of government into the health care industry since Medicare .
By any reasonable measure , it was a huge giveaway to private industries , and came with a price tag of at least $ 1 trillion — far more than this year ’s Democratic health care reform plan .
It was “ complicated as hell , ” and left a huge doughnut hole that screwed over millions of seniors .
It included end - of - life counseling , which Republicans now consider “ death panels . ”
The Republican bill , which passed under almost comically corrupt circumstances , was financed entirely — literally , 100 % — through deficit spending , leaving future generations to pick up the tab .
And what do these exact same Republican lawmakers say now ?
That the Democratic reform plan increases government ’s role in health care ( check ) , costs too much ( check ) , is too complicated ( check ) , and passed under suspicious circumstances ( check ) .
Oh , and do n’t “ dredge up history ” that GOP finds embarrassing .
Republicans simply are n’t serious about health care policy .
Anyone who suggests the Democratic bill should have been “ bipartisan ” need only to be reminded of what transpired six short years ago .
TV Reviews
All of our TV reviews in one convenient place .
Prev Next View All
Advertisement
The " let 's begin in the middle of a standard - seeming action sequence " opening is a much - loved Venture Bros.
standard by now , and " Self - Medication " goes at it with the gusto you 'd expect .
The doc is being menaced by the Monarch and his floating cocoon , things are at their worst , and then Rusty 's alarm goes off , and he 's got a therapy appointment to go to .
This is not really surprising ; nor is the revelation that there 's a new clause in Guild contracts that allows time off for mental health issues .
Monarch is n't very happy about it ( we do n't find out quite how unhappy he is till the episode 's stinger ) , but really , could he have expected otherwise ?
The world of the show , or at least the part of it that our heroes and villains inhabit , is as much about wallowing in neuroses as it is making obvious puppet - based puns .
It 's all about avoidance — if you 're obsessing on the past or running for you life , you do n't really have to worry about being a grown - up .
We 're in the standard sitcom structure land tonight , splitting our time between Story A and Story B .
In A , Doc goes to a group session with some other former boy adventurers having problems adjusting to the real world .
In B , Hank , Dean , and Sgt. Hatred go to the movies .
The two only became loosely connected at the very end , almost incidentally .
Thematically speaking , we have both the Doc and Hatred confronted with their pasts , and struggling to find a way to move on , but only Doc manages a successful transition ; how much you enjoy Hatred 's plot is going to depend a lot on how well you take pedophile jokes .
The sitcom -iness of " Medication " goes beyond the structure , as well — both plotlines feel like they could 've worked just fine ( if slightly tweaked ) as an episode of Night Court .
About the pedophile jokes — I 'm not sure how to take them at this point .
It does n't really make me uncomfortable , exactly , as I trust Public and Hammer enough that I do n't think things are going to get truly icky at any point down the road , but that does n't mean I find the set - up worth revisiting this frequently .
Hatred is a well both writers have returned to too many times , and while he 's a decent enough character when he is n't obsessing over little boy - girls , it 's clear that a big reason he's on the show is that his " dirty little weakness " hits the the sweet spot of humor taboo .
The set - up here is familiar enough , with Hatred forced into increasingly difficult to resist temptation , and really , what makes the joke not work for me anymore is that there 's nothing to it beyond " Heh , it 's hilarious because he wants to fuck that ten year - old , and that should n't be hilarious at all ! "
The shock value has worn off by now , and the gag itself never changes .
So it 's not the worst thing in the world , but it is pretty boring .
Thankfully , the A - story was better .
Seeing young Rusty confessing his fears to his father is as horrific as anything we 've seen Venture Sr. do in the past , and gave a little more weight to the rest of the ep .
At the Boy Adventurers Group Therapy Session , we got a lion 's share of sweet comedy gold , with Patton Oswalt as the overweight , sexual dysfunctional ex-Wonder Boy , Seth Green and John Hodgman as Lance and Dale Hale , former mystery solvers who lost their taste for the game when they Menendez 'd their father , and Brandon Small as our old friend Action Johnny .
Plus Ro-Boy ( Chris McCulloch ) with his horrifyingly placed reset button .
Hearing them chart their miseries in a therapeutic setting was , much like the cold open , unsurprising but satisfyingly clever .
And then their therapist is killed by a " two - step viper , " so they have to go solve the Mystery of the Stiffening Corpse .
The voice cast here did most of the heavy - lifting .
The storyline itself was n't bad , but at times it came dangerously close to a " going through the motions " vibe , with a return to that good old strip club the " Nighten ales , " a fight scene with some pointed sound - effect words ( " Cower ! " " Jetkick ! " ) , and finally , a visit to Action Johnny 's old nemesis Dr. Z , who 's living the good life with Mrs. Z , and gives the team the friendly advice that sometimes , it 's healthier just to let things go .
Apart from the incidental gag lines , the best part here was Rusty 's realization at the end that he does n't even belong in therapy , because he , at least , is an adult .
It provided a nice feeling of change in an otherwise static twenty minutes .
Stray Observations :
Die Polizei und die Schulen im Südwesten verstoßen nach einer neuen Studie massiv gegen den Datenschutz .
Die Entnahme von DNA - Proben bei der Jagd nach dem Polizistenmörder von Heilbronn habe überhandgenommen , kritisierte am heutigen Montag der Landesdatenschutzbeauftragte Jörg Klingbeil in seinem Tätigkeitsbericht 2009 .
Bei Ermittlungsverfahren in den eigenen Reihen speichere die Polizei wesentlich weniger Daten als bei Verfahren gegen andere Bürger .
Die Datenerhebung für die Einschulungsuntersuchung sind laut Klingbeil " ziemlich überzogen " .
Es würden nicht nur medizinische Informationen erhoben , sondern auch Fragen zum häuslichen Umfeld und zu auffälligen Verhaltensweisen des Kindes gestellt .
Der Orientierungsplan für Bildung und Erziehung in den Kindergärten hat laut Klingbeil keine Rechtsgrundlage , da den Kindergärten verbindlich vorgegeben werde , frühkindliche Entwicklungsprozesse umfassend festzuhalten .
Das stelle einen Eingriff in das informationelle Selbstbestimmungsrecht der Kinder dar .
Als " Datenschutz - GAU des Jahres " bezeichnete Klingbeil den Umgang mit sensiblen Daten in einer Kommune im Kraichgau .
Die Verwaltung hatte 2007 nach dem
Test eines neues Servers vergessen , die probehalber aufgespielten Daten zu löschen .
Nach zwei Jahren war der Rechner bei einer nordrhein - westfälischen Beratungsfirma aufgetaucht , die den Datenschutzbeauftragten in Stuttgart alarmierte .
Der Datenschutzbeauftragte wurde auch alarmiert durch den Fall eines Polizisten , der seinen Dienstwagen privat genutzt hatte .
Das Strafverfahren wurde gegen Zahlung einer Geldbuße eingestellt , die Daten des Beamten wurden nicht im polizeilichen Auskunftssystem POLAS - BW vermerkt .
Der Datenschützer ließ daraufhin viele Disziplinarakten der vergangenen Jahre durchsehen : Von 415 Ermittlungsverfahren gegen Polizeibeamte waren 275 ( 66 Prozent ) nicht in POLAS gespeichert – obwohl nur in 61 Fällen kein Tatverdacht vorlag .
Von dieser Quote könnten normale Bürger nur träumen , sagte Klingbeil .
Selbst bei Bagatelldelikten wie Beleidigungen würden viele Fälle schon beim geringsten Tatverdacht gespeichert .
Nach dem Mord an einer Polizistin im April 2007 hatte die Polizei aufgrund einer am Tatort gefunden DNA - Spur viele Gen-Proben erhoben .
Die Fahnder kontrollierten zum Beispiel im Landkreis Heilbronn Ende 2008 viele Passanten und Autofahrer und entnahmen ihnen Speichelproben .
In 80 Prozent der 321 Erhebungen habe es keine Rechtsgrundlage gegeben , meint Klingbiel . ( anw )
Over three decades , Mali's Lake Faguibine has become a shrivelled , dusty plain
By Andrew Harding
BBC News , Mali
Towards the end of an illustrious career in the Malian police force - during which he has battled locust swarms , chased drug traffickers and dabbled in some coup plotting - Col Tidiani Ascofare , bald , burly and unflappable , has taken on his most daunting opponent , the Sahara desert .
" Dig , dig , " he boomed cheerfully at a crowd of several hundred villagers standing in the scorching sun in a dried - out river bed , some four hours ' drive west of Timbuktu .
The narrow channel , overshadowed by a line of imposing yellow sand dunes , used to flow into Lake Faguibine , helping to carrying an annual flood surge from the mighty Niger River into an ecosystem that directly supported some 200,000 people , and produced food for Mali , Burkina Faso and Mauritania .
It was the region 's most fertile farmland .
But over the past three decades , a combination of droughts , desertification and local mismanagement have turned Lake Faguibine into a shrivelled , dusty plain .
We can't just sit back and wait for the desert to conquer us
Col Tidiani Ascofare Agricultural production has collapsed , conflict between farmers and cattle - herders has intensified and tens of thousands of people have abandoned the region .
The lake has been dying .
" We ca n't just sit back and wait for the desert to conquer us , " said the colonel , surveying the digging work like a front - line general .
" We must fight back . "
And so , across the vast , dry scrubland south of Lake Faguibine , channels are being cleared , by hand and sometimes by bulldozer , dunes stabilised with saplings and villagers encouraged to take part .
Now , after four years of work paid for by the Malian government , there are some encouraging signs of progress .
Col Ascofare smiled as he watched a trickle of water move across the dry sand towards the lake , gently leading the way for the flood waters building up behind it .
" Inexorably , perhaps , the climate will deteriorate , " said the colonel .
" But we have proved we can delay the advance of the desert .
In 2006 , only 100 hectares of land around the lake was farmed .
This year it will be more than 20,000 hectares . "
Dramatic improvement Kouna Mohammed sat in a group , cheerfully sifting sorghum , as her sons brought in this year 's crop from the green fields around them .
Like many families , they had abandoned the lake years ago .
Several relatives had died because of the drought .
But the past two years have seen a dramatic improvement .
" Without water , there is no world , " said a neighbour , Medel Al Houseini .
Recently , the United Nations Environment Programme ( Unep ) agreed to help the Malian government , with a $ 15 m ( £ 9.2 m ) project for the Lake Faguibine system .
" That 's peanuts in relation to the benefits that will accrue , " said Unep 's spokesman , Nick Nuttal .
" What we 're trying to demonstrate [ ahead of the Copenhagen climate change summit ] is that large - scale renovations of ecological infrastructure are possible . "
Unep argues that countries like Mali , which are considered to be on the front lines of climate change , need help now to enable them to cope with much tougher conditions expected in the years ahead .
' Here to win ' Leading Unep 's work on the ground , Birguy Diallo showed a group of villagers how to stabilise the dunes with twigs and saplings .
The UN is helping villagers to stabilise the dunes and keep back the desert " We 're here to win , " she said .
" The villagers are already seeing they can gain from this .
" They 're working for their own benefit , not for outsiders .
They were born here , and live here .
They are supposed to stay here . "
But the lake 's future is far from certain .
Mali is poor , and its government riddled with corruption .
Before Col Ascofare took the lead , similar projects appear to have achieved nothing .
The colonel is clearly frustrated by the slow pace of change .
With outside help and heavy equipment , he estimates that he could have achieved in six months what has now taken four years .
" Without foreign help , it 's impossible , " he said flatly .
" The costs are enormous .
We need lots of equipment and lots of technical education to fight against all this sand you see around us .
" We expect much from Copenhagen and the international community . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
After the recent Web 2.0 Expo NY–a sprawling , week - long conference and exhibition –I ducked into the Morgan Library to catch “ A Woman ’s Wit : Jane Austen ’s Life and Legacy . ”
A one - room show about an 18th century novelist seemed like the perfect antidote to a week of tech talk in the Death Star Javits Center .
As I ’d hoped , the Morgan focuses on a handful of objects from Austen ’s life , and the commentary is thoughtful .
I was surprised , though , to find myself thinking that had Twitter been around in Austen ’s time ( 1775 - 1817 ) , she would likely have been a fan .
Austen wrote more than 3,000 letters , many to her sister Cassandra .
They corresponded constantly , starting new letters to each other the minute they finished the last one and sharing the minutia of their lives .
From reading Austen ’s novels , I ’d always assumed that people in her era spent a long time waiting for the mail .
But the show mentions that during Austen ’s life , mail in London and environs was delivered six times a day .
Sometimes , a letter sent in the morning was delivered the same evening .
Which makes snail mail sound a lot more like email or twitttering .
The speed of mail at the time and the content of the Austen sisters ’ letters suggest that the desires to communicate instantly and to let other people know what you ate for breakfast are n’t modern phenomenon .
Of course , Twitter lets you share your soy milk - to - cereal ratio with strangers and thus adds a layer of publishing to our updates .
But people today often assume that email , Twitter and other relatively instant communication media have created a slew of brand new communication behaviors .
The Jane Austen show at the Morgan suggests just the opposite : our human patterns are surprisingly consistent , and technology evolves to meet us .
Incidentally , the show does n’t say when multi-daily snail mail faded , and I wonder if it passed out of fashion with the rise of the telegraph in the mid-1800s .
Anyone know ?
NOBODY SAID it would be easy to cut a deal with Iran on its nuclear program .
And recent developments make it look even harder , in large part because vicious factional infighting is distorting the regime ’s approach to the nuclear issue .
But no matter how perverse that regime ’s recent actions may appear , President Obama would be making a mistake if he heeded calls to impose coercive new sanctions on Iran by early next year .
If ever there was a need for “ no - drama Obama ’ ’ to live up to his reputation , it is in the frustrating imbroglio with Iran .
First , Iran reneged on a meticulously negotiated deal to ship most of its low - enriched uranium to Russia and France , where it would be processed into fuel for peaceful purposes .
Then , the International Atomic Energy Agency censured Iran for hiding a site for enriching uranium .
Finally , in a burst of defiant bravado , Iranian authorities announced Sunday that they intend to build 10 more uranium enrichment plants .
To avoid over - reacting to what French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner called Iran ’s “ infantile ’ ’ threat , Obama will have to see through Iranian posturing - and find the encouraging signs underneath the avalanche of rhetoric .
Hard - line President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad initially welcomed the deal on shipping Iran ’s nuclear fuel abroad because it was so obviously favorable to Iran - and because he wanted to take credit for ending Iran ’s costly standoff with the United States and Europe .
But hard - line rivals of Ahmadinejad along with his more progressive challenger in last August ’s fraudulent election , Mir Hossein Mousavi , castigated him for capitulating to the West .
Then Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , heeding bellicose factions and perhaps not grasping technical aspects of the deal , denounced it .
The worst elements in Iran want nothing better than to provoke a new confrontation with the Great Satan .
To give them what they want - the escalating tensions that go along with a new round of sanctions - would make it harder than ever to keep nuclear weapons out of Iran .
The time may yet come when a move to greater sanctions becomes unavoidable .
But for now , Obama should seek to alter the political equation inside Iran .
He should address the Iranian public directly , explaining that Iran is being offered a chance to have nuclear technology for peaceful purposes and painting a picture of how Iran and the United States could cooperate in other ways .
Obama should leave no doubt it is the regime in Tehran , not America , that is responsible for the dangerous enmity between them .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
YARA is an important piece in the defenders chess set .
Depending on how you play the game you can think of YARA as either a bishop or a rook .
Powerful weapon in the hands of a threat hunter , or a layer that makes the defenders wall a bigger obstacle to overcome .
Luxury is n't the antithesis of minimalism , unnecessary is .
the minimalist luxury credo , for your review
Be clear why you need what you plan to buy .
For what uses ?
They must be multiple , or critical , i.e. many times , or one time so important it is nigh - historic .
I will wear this little black dress , as I have two others in my life , for 5 - 10 years .
With joy .
Over and over and over again , each time feeling fantastic and honoring the occasion I celebrate .
Be sure you have no happy way to do without .
None .
When I am called to dress up , if I feel I have nothing appropriate to wear , my upbringing calls in the ghosts and I become sad , anxious , and resentful .
This may not be true for you .
You will have your own ghosts and your own non-negotiable needs to either burn from your soul or make peace with .
Which brings us to the next point .
Understand the requirements of your heart and your circumstances point by point .
Make sure you know what you want and that you have realistically assessed the likelihood that this purchase will answer your needs .
I do n't go to Burning Man .
I can see , even now , the times and places I will wear my dress and I can feel looming anxiety dissipate .
Do homework to understand price banding .
Luxury does not relieve us of the responsibility to assess value .
I had looked at J. Crew and found nothing , tried on Barney 's New York private label version to no avail , and vintage clothing gives me the creeps .
I am familiar with Rodriguez and his reputation for quality .
I also knew , that though his dresses are expensive , I could afford the purchase .
Or I would never have walked into the store to begin with .
Minimalism means do not stir up undue desires that you cannot fulfill without consequence .
Never make anyone else feel bad for what they can't have .
Because , if you pare away everything unnecessary , courtesy has to make the cut .
In the beginning I thought minimalism meant pared - down design .
Mies Van der Rohe chairs .
The opposite of baroque , or ornate .
Or , the current indie frugality trend ?
Canning peaches , attaching toilet paper rolls to your walls as art * , reusing plastic bags .
But a few weeks ago I bought a very expensive little black dress , and I believe it was the most minimalist action I 've taken in the last 5 years .
Let 's be clear .
It was n't a virtuous purchase .
No self - denial involved .
I love my dress .
Made from a cashmere wool blend , and therefore not itchy , but even so , lined in the bodice .
Sleeves .
I no longer have the need or wish to show my upper arms .
Knee length , applying similar principles to the legs .
Structured , seamed , perfectly fitting .
Narciso Rodriguez , for those who care , as I confess I do , about designers ' bodies of work .
But it 's not the aesthetic , the lack of ruffles , lace , sheer panels , nor the usefulness alone that makes me cry minimalism .
I present ( Because Little Black Dresses are as flexible in philosophy and meme as they are on the body .
Hence the enduring appeal . )
Labels : Fashion , minimalism
Ohio State University did a study on The Colbert Report and found something very interesting .
Additionally , there was no significant difference between the groups in thinking Colbert was funny , but conservatives were more likely to report that Colbert only pretends to be joking and genuinely meant what he said while liberals were more likely to report that Colbert used satire and was not serious when offering political statements .
Conservatism also significantly predicted perceptions that Colbert disliked liberalism .
Finally , a post hoc analysis revealed that perceptions of Colbert 's political opinions fully mediated the relationship between political ideology and individual - level opinion .
Become Invisible : The Secret of Invisibility Revealed ( or - the ancient art of vanishing from sight and reappearing at will ) .
A metaphysical wonder explained .
अदृश्य हो गुप्त अनदेखे रह गुप्त की दृष्टि से घट को - سر الإختفاء عن الأنظار - 視力からVANISHING POINT のシークレット تصبح غير مرئية سر وخفاء 看不见的隐蔽性秘 密
Invisibility super - powers ... not even a shadow .
As highlighted on Jay Leno .
The Secret of Invisibility Revealed
Insurance companies were yesterday accused of profiteering from victims of the deadly asbestos cancer mesothelioma .
Hundreds of victims of the disease are going without compensation because many of the insurance policies meant to protect workers allegedly have been lost .
A scheme to track down insurance details of defunct companies , run by the industry itself , is failing to find almost half of the policies which would cover victims ' compensation .
Untraced mesothelioma cases save the insurance industry an estimated £ 60 m a year , leaving sufferers and their families to struggle on government benefits that are a tenth of what they would be paid in a claim .
" It 's an astronomical windfall for the insurance industry , " said Ian McFall , head of asbestos policy at Thompsons Solicitors .
" At best , they are culpable of mismanaging their policy record archives and at worst they 're guilty of profiting from incompetence . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The Government admitted yesterday that the voluntary scheme , which is overseen by the Association of British Insurers ( ABI ) , was " not delivering " and that the figures were not acceptable .
The failure to find 48 per cent of policies for mesothelioma sufferers has been described as " utterly shameful " , particularly as many of the " lost policies " date from after 1972 when it was compulsory to have employer insurance .
Lord McKenzie , Department for Work and Pensions ( DWP ) minister , said of the ABI : " It is not delivering what we hoped for it .
Far too many people are still not able to trace their insurance policies and access the compensation they deserve .
This is not acceptable and more needs to be done to improve tracing rates . "
The Government said the scheme had been such a failure that it was now considering the establishment of a " more formal " tracing office and the creation of a fund of last resort to compensate those whose insurers could not be traced .
" The insurers save millions of pounds by not finding these records , " said Kevin Johnson , solicitor at the asbestos specialists John Pickering and Partners .
" They profit from the failure of the tracing scheme , so why would it be in their interests to commit resources to it ?
The ABI tracing scheme has failed .
You 've got insurers policing themselves and the whole thing is fundamentally flawed . "
The latest review of the Tracing Service shows that 387 mesothelioma sufferers were left without compensation in 2008 after it failed to trace the insurers of the company that exposed them to asbestos .
And the problems are not confined to asbestos : overall the ABI managed to trace only 45 per cent of the policies it was asked to find , leaving more than 3,000 people without hope of compensation .
For those exposed to asbestos before 1972 , when employer liability insurance was made compulsory , the likelihood of getting compensation is low .
Only 39 per cent of mesothelioma victims who tried to trace insurance policies before 1972 were successful .
Despite the difficulties in tracing policies , the DWP confirms that only one person deals with mesothelioma cases .
Lawyers say he is " swamped " with claims .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Tony Whitston of the Asbestos Victims Support Group said : " The true value of proper compensation for dying asbestos victims is a sense of justice done and the solace that they are providing for those they leave behind .
Robbed of their lives through no fault of their own , insult is heaped on injury as they fall back on taxpayer - funded , nominal , government compensation while insurers walk away from their liabilities with their back pockets stuffed with cash .
This is utterly shameful . "
An ABI spokesman said : " We would refute totally any suggestion that insurers are looking to profit by denying people compensation .
The insurance industry is committed to providing compensation to mesothelioma victims . "
A postponed meeting between MPs and government lawyers to discuss compensation for sufferers of the asbestos scars , pleural plaques , will take place this week .
But Michael Clapham , chair of the all - party occupational safety and health group , said ; " I do n't think it will take us anywhere .
The lawyers will just say the law can't be overturned ; what 's needed is political will . "
CASE STUDIES
Jeff Hurrell , 57 , from Stockton - on - Tees
His sons were nine and 18 when he died from mesothelioma aged 57 in 2006 .
His wife , Sue , 54 , struggles to make ends meet and has no hope for compensation because the insurers of the companies he worked for can not be found .
Jeff was exposed to asbestos when he worked for two Teesside building contractors in the 1960s .
His job involved cutting asbestolux boards and he was not given any protection or warning about the dangers .
By the time he discovered he was dying it was too late to get compensation from his employers – both companies had dissolved .
The ABI tracing scheme also failed to identify any employer liability insurers for either company .
" More than anything in the world I 'd rather have Jeff back , but the money would help us , " said Sue .
" I'm a carer part - time but it 's not easy to manage .
It would help an awful lot to get compensation .
I could give our boys the things Jeff wanted for them . "
Stephen Pearce , 56 , from Dudley
He is dying of mesothelioma and can't get compensation because the fabrication company he worked for no longer exists and the insurers can't be traced .
" It was a dirty workplace and there was dust all over , " he said .
" I was in the middle of a Christmas party when I was called to get my results and found out I had mesothelioma .
I went back and carried on .
I did n't tell my family until New Year 's Day .
I know they were insured because I can remember the certificates on the wall .
The information should be available .
I have n't yet reached the stage where I 'm incapable of doing things , but when I do it would be a comfort to know there 's money there .
You hear about asbestos - related disease , but until it happens to you , you have no idea how bad it is . "
Ronnie Cadwallader , 76 , from Merseyside
He was exposed to asbestos as a welder and metal - worker , and was diagnosed with mesothelioma at the end of 2007 .
Initially , the ABI could not trace the company that had insured his former employer .
Only after a solicitor put in another tracing request to the ABI that it discovered Zurich had been the insurer and he was paid £ 140,000 .
" My case proves that the insurance scheme for trying to trace policies does n't work .
It is totally hit and miss , " said Ronnie .
His wife Anne , 65 , said : " It does help to have the money .
It means we do n't have to worry about bills when we 've got so much else to worry about .
It 's a horrible disease .
It was neglect that caused him to be exposed to asbestos .
He was given no masks and had no idea how dangerous it was . "
Some government agencies , Mr. Miller said , did anticipate a crisis , but the Homeland Security Department appears not to have gotten the message .
The department had planned a worldwide network using the new detectors , which were supposed to detect plutonium or uranium in shipping containers .
The government wanted 1,300 to 1,400 machines , which cost $ 800,000 each , for use in ports around the world to thwart terrorists who might try to deliver a nuclear bomb to a big city by stashing it in one of the millions of containers that enter the United States every year .
At the White House , Steve Fetter , an assistant director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy , said the helium 3 problem was short - term because other technologies would be developed .
But , he said , while the government had a large surplus of helium 3 at the end of the cold war , “ people should have been aware that this was a one - time windfall and was not sustainable . ”
Helium 3 is not hazardous or even chemically reactive , and it is not the only material that can be used for neutron detection .
The Homeland Security Department has older equipment that can look for radioactivity , but it does not differentiate well between bomb fuel and innocuous materials that naturally emit radiation  like cat litter , ceramic tiles and bananas  and sounds false alarms more often .
Earlier this year , the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory , part of the Energy Department , said in a report , “ No other currently available detection technology offers the stability , sensitivity and gamma / neutron discrimination ” of detectors using helium 3 .
PARIS --
Twenty years ago this week , crowds forced open the hated Berlin Wall , Communist East Germany collapsed , and the once mighty Soviet empire began to crumble .
This was one of modern history 's most dramatic and dangerous moments .
No one knew if the dying Soviet Union would expire peacefully , or ignite World War III .
In 1975 , Andrei Sakharov and a group of leading Soviet academicians had warned the Kremlin that unless ruinous defence spending was slashed and funds refocused on modernizing the industrial base , the Soviet Union would collapse by 1990 .
In November 1989 , the empire built by Stalin was on its last legs .
The U.S.S.R. had 50,000 battle tanks and 30,000 nuclear warheads , but could not feed its people .
Military spending consumed 20 % of the economy .
Afghanistan 's mujahedeen were defeating the mighty Red Army .
The Poles , secretly funded by Pope John Paul II and the CIA , had risen in revolt .
So too Hungarians , Lithuanians , and East Germans .
Soviet president Mikhail Gorbachev had to make a fateful decision :
Allow events to take their course , or order the Red Army and KGB to crush the spreading uprisings -- and run the risk of war with NATO .
Unlike his brutal Soviet predecessors , Gorbachev was a man of profound moral values , a genuine humanist and idealist who believed he could reform the U.S.S.R. through democratic socialism .
He refused to use force .
But once fear of repression was removed , the Soviet Union , a nation of 120 languages , shattered .
Gorbachev could not control the ensuing whirlwind his reforms had sown .
Today , most Russians revile Gorbachev for wrecking the Soviet Union .
The sinister Communist era , including Stalin 's monstrous crimes , are being sugar - coated with nostalgia .
In truth , the Soviet Union was history 's most brutal , murderous tyranny that killed three times more victims than Hitler .
Gorbachev did the world a huge favour .
For me , Gorbachev was one of the greatest men of our time .
He put international law , basic humanity , and civilized behaviour before the demands of brute power .
We must also salute Gorbachev 's chief lieutenant , former Georgian KGB chief and Soviet foreign minister , Eduard Schevardnadze , who urged total decommunization and disarmament .
Later , as president of independent Georgia , he was overthrown -- ironically -- by a U.S. - organized revolution .
Gorbachev purged hardliners from the Soviet military - industrial complex , vetoed an anti-missile system , sharply downsized the Soviet military , and wisely ended the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan .
But when Gorbachev sensibly sought total nuclear disarmament , president Ronald Reagan , obsessed by the unworkable Star Wars anti-missile project , refused Russia 's offer that would have eliminated all nuclear weapons and missiles .
Other courageous Russian reformers who helped end the Cold War deserve to be remembered : Anatoly Chernayev ; Georgi Shakhnazarov ; Alexander Yakovlev , former ambassador to Canada ; and Gorbachev 's brave , cerebral wife and confidante , Raisa .
Germany 's chancellor Helmut Kohl and U.S. president George H.W
Bush also merit kudos for their able management of the Cold War 's end .
By contrast , Britain 's Margaret Thatcher and France 's Francois Mitterrand shamefully relapsed into Europe 's evil old ways by trying to block German unification .
Gorbachev kept begging the western powers to launch another Marshall Plan to rescue the dying Soviet Union and democratize it .
Tragically , they did not .
Communist die -hards launched a farcical , drunken coup against Gorbachev that was thwarted by the courage of Russian president Boris Yeltsin , aviation marshal Yevgeny Shaposhnikov , and KGB moderates .
In the end , Gorbachev was left leader of a nation that had ceased to exist , the object of popular wrath , a great statesman without a country , a Russian King Lear .
Twenty years later , the world owes Gorbachev an enormous debt of gratitude for ending the Cold War , and freeing Eastern Europe and the Baltic states .
Thank our lucky stars Gorbachev was in power when the Soviet Union met its inevitable collapse -- or we could have faced World War III .
Mikhail Sergeyevich Gorbachev showed that once in a millennium a great political leader can rise above the law of the jungle .
_______
About author Eric Margolis's web site is Eric Margolis 's web site is ericmargolis.com
It seems teabaggers took Senator Coburn ’s instructions to heart and prayed that one of the sixty senators expected to vote for healthcare reform would fail to show up for a crucial vote .
A caller into C - Span this morning said he and his fellow tea baggers held a vigil and prayed for the death of Senator Byrd from West Virginia .
Watch :
Teabaggers and religious wackos praying for the death of public servants is certainly nothing new .
But having a senator initiate that call to action is an entirely different matter .
It only takes one inhinged individual to do us ALL harm .
Just one .
Post by ILO on 12/22/09 at 11:01 am
Posted by John , December 10th , 2009 - under Metabolic rift , Socialism , The enlightenment .
Tags : Anthropogenic gobal warming , Capitalism , Climate change , Global Warming
We socialists sometimes say we are the children of the enlightenment .
I might add some of us think we are not just its children but its true inheritors .
What was the Enlightenment and why is it relevant today ?
The development of capitalism in the bosom of feudal Europe created the need for an understanding of the world around that went far beyond religion and other superstitions .
The emergence of capitalism saw a battle between the emerging bourgeoisie and the old feudal order .
In England and the Netherlands revolutions created a space for that bourgeoisie to extend the market and wage labour .
Their economies flourished .
At this stage the bourgeoisie was a progressive and radical force against feudalism , needing some way to understand the world around it , a world soon to become its own .
The old ideas – the religions , superstitions and other prejudice , stood in the way of the development of capitalism and understanding its working .
In this space there arose a wide range of thinkers from what we now recognise as different disciplines .
Spanning centuries they included peopel like Descartes Voltaire , Rousseau , Leibniz , Locke , Diderot , and later Smith , Ricardo and the like …
What they had in common , as Chris Harman put it in his magnificent A People ’s History of the World :
was a a belief in the power of rational understanding based on empirical knowledge .
This had to be applied to the world , even if meant challenging existing myths and established beliefs .
Such an approach represented a challenge to many of the institutions and much of the ideology of existing European societies .
It was this materialist questioning that gave intellectual expression to the French and American revolutions and with them the bourgeois ideas of liberty , equality and fraternity .
This ferment of materialist ideas both led and followed the development of capitalism .
And yet the kernel of rationality that the bourgeoisie required could frighten it .
Thus Adam Smith and Ricardo danced around or recoiled from the consequences of the development of the idea , however inchoate , that under capitalism it was labour that created value .
The materialist conception of the world , and society , continually challenged the irrationality of the Church , of the rulers themselves , and the reactionaries who opposed the changes being wrought in society .
It did so because the very way society was organised was changing .
However by the mid 180 os the bourgeoisie in Europe and North America ( and other developed outposts of capitalism ) was no longer revolutionary or radical .
It wanted to cement its rule , not question the regimes in power .
Rational materialist ideas , especially as they spread into political and economic discourse , provided the basis for a further radical re-constituting of society – one in which the bourgeoisie no longer existed .
So the system developed rational irrationality , especially in the field of economics , to mask an essential truth – that workers create society ’s wealth .
Once the bourgeoisie became the ruling class the need for rationality , while it still existed in the realm of production , withered in the realm of civil society .
Irrationality began to re-assert itself as a handmaiden of the bourgeoisie .
It climbed the stairs hand in hand with with reaction .
As Marx put it in the Communist manifesto :
The bourgeoisie cannot exist without constantly revolutionizing the instruments of production , and thereby the relations of production , and with them the whole relations of society .
Conservation of the old modes of production in unaltered form , was , on the contrary , the first condition of existence for all earlier industrial classes .
Constant revolutionizing of production , uninterrupted disturbance of all social conditions , everlasting uncertainty and agitation distinguish the bourgeois epoch from all earlier ones .
All fixed , fast frozen relations , with their train of ancient and venerable prejudices and opinions , are swept away , all new - formed ones become antiquated before they can ossify .
All that is solid melts into air , all that is holy is profaned , and man is at last compelled to face with sober senses his real condition of life and his relations with his kind .
This constant revolutionising requires an understanding of the material world .
The scientific method is part of that project .
It became entrenched in the realm of ideas for capitalist production and military might .
Joseph Widulka describes this method as follows :
The scientific method is the best way yet discovered for winnowing the truth from lies and delusion .
The simple version looks something like this : 1 . Observe some aspect of the universe .
2. Invent a tentative description , called a hypothesis , that is consistent with what you have observed .
3 . Use the hypothesis to make predictions .
4 . Test those predictions by experiments or further observations and modify the hypothesis in the light of your results .
5 . Repeat steps 3 and 4 until there are no discrepancies between theory and experiment and / or observation .
When consistency is obtained the hypothesis becomes a theory and provides a coherent set of propositions which explain a class of phenomena .
A theory is then a framework within which observations are explained and predictions are made .
It is the scientific method which a large number of scientists in a wide range of disciplines have used to determine that the earth is warming and that the cause is man made – namely greenhouse gases , in particular CO2 .
These gases are the result of the way production is organised under capitalism .
This theory may be proved wrong .
However none of the deniers ( of either global warming or of the role humanity plays in it ) have been able to date to scientifically undermine the theory .
Their assertions are either untrue or based on observable facts that do not undermine at all the essence of the theory – that humanity ’s greenhouse gases are causing global warming .
Those who deny global warming often claim to march under the banner of scepticism .
In fact , scepticism is part of the scientific method .
It is also an important part of the Marxist approach to knowledge .
But scepticism is based on rational scientific methods , not opposition based on faith or belief or a lack of evidence .
In essence the deniers are the inheritors of a old world where superstition ruled .
They thrive in an intellectual environment where capitalism depends on irrationality as a prop for its ideological justification .
But that very life support irrationality is justifying not treating an illness that will kill the patient .
That is the dilemma for capital around the world , a dilemma Copenhagen is showing the bourgeoisie and its politicians are not up to solving .
That role belongs to ordinary people .
The irony of the Enlightenment is that is has helped liberated capital pollute the planet .
Some see the Enlightenment as rabidly pro-capitalist production .
It is true that capital has created what John Bellamy Foster , drawing on Marx , calls a metabolic rift between humanity and the Earth .
Marx , in analyzing a soil crisis in Britain , described the contradiction between nature and capitalist society as “ an irreparable rift in the interdependent process of social metabolism ” .
He went on to say that “ capitalist production only develops the techniques and the degree of combination of the social process of production by simultaneously undermining the original sources of all wealth — the soil and the worker ” .
With the consequences of this metabolic rift between capitalist production and the planet now threatening the existence of humanity , the project of the Enlightenment is only half complete .
Only when labour overturns the rule of capital can rationality truly be won and with it the restoration of humanity ’s relations with our Earth .
Cryptographic Storage Cheat Sheet ¶
This article provides a simple model to follow when implementing solutions to protect data at rest .
Passwords should not be stored using reversible encryption - secure password hashing algorithms should be used instead .
The Password Storage Cheat Sheet contains further guidance on storing passwords .
Architectural Design¶
The first step in designing any application is to consider the overall architecture of the system , as this will have a huge impact on the technical implementation .
This process should begin with considering the threat model of the application ( i.e , who you trying to protect that data against ) .
The use of dedicated secret or key management systems can provide an additional layer of security protection , as well as making the management of secrets significantly easier - however it comes at the cost of additional complexity and administrative overhead - so may not be feasible for all applications .
Note that many cloud environments provide these services , so these should be taken advantage of where possible .
Where to Perform Encryption ¶
Encryption can be performed on a number of levels in the application stack , such as :
At the application level .
At the database level ( e.g , SQL Server TDE
At the filesystem level ( e.g , BitLocker or LUKS )
At the hardware level ( e.g , encrypted RAID cards or SSDs )
Which layer (s ) are most appropriate will depend on the threat model .
For example , hardware level encryption is effective at protecting against the physical theft of the server , but will provide no protection if an attacker is able to compromise the server remotely .
Minimise the Storage of Sensitive Information ¶
The best way to protect sensitive information is to not store it in the first place .
Although this applies to all kinds of information , it is most often applicable to credit card details , as they are highly desirable for attackers , and PCI DSS has such stringent requirements for how they must be stored .
Wherever possible , the storage of sensitive information should be avoided .
For symmetric encryption AES with a key that 's at least 128 bits ( ideally 256 bits ) and a secure mode should be used as the preferred algorithm .
For asymmetric encryption , use elliptical curve cryptography ( ECC ) with a secure curve such as Curve25519 as a preferred algorithm .
If ECC is not available and RSA must be used , then ensure that the key is at least 2048 bits .
Many other symmetric and asymmetric algorithms are available which have their own pros and cons , and they may be better or worse than AES or Curve25519 in specific use cases .
When considering these , a number of factors should be taken into account , including :
Key size .
Known attacks and weaknesses of the algorithm .
Maturity of the algorithm .
Approval by third parties such as NIST 's algorithmic validation program .
Performance ( both for encryption and decryption ) .
Quality of the libraries available .
Portability of the algorithm ( i.e , how widely supported is it ) .
In some cases there may be regulatory requirements that limit the algorithms that can be used , such as FIPS 140 - 2 or PCI DSS .
Custom Algorithms ¶
Do n't do this .
Cipher Modes¶
There are various modes that can be used to allow block ciphers ( such as AES ) to encrypt arbitrary amounts of data , in the same way that a stream cipher would .
These modes have different security and performance characteristics , and a full discussion of them is outside the scope of this cheat sheet .
Some of the modes have requirements to generate secure initialisation vectors ( IVs ) and other attributes , but these should be handled automatically by the library .
Where available , authenticated modes should always be used .
These provide guarantees of the integrity and authenticity of the data , as well as confidentiality .
The most commonly used authenticated modes are GCM and CCM , which should be used as a first preference .
If GCM or CCM are not available , then CTR mode or CBC mode should be used .
As these do not provide any guarantees about the authenticity of the data , separate authentication should be implemented , such as using the Encrypt - then - MAC technique .
Care needs to be taken when using this method with variable length messages
If random access to the encrypted data is required then XTS mode should be used .
This is typically used for disk encryption , so it unlikely to be used by a web application .
ECB should not be used outside of very specific circumstances .
Secure Random Number Generation ¶
Random numbers ( or strings ) are needed for various security critical functionality , such as generating encryption keys , IVs , session IDs , CSRF tokens or password reset tokens .
As such , it is important that these are generated securely , and that it is not possible for an attacker to guess and predict them .
It is generally not possible for computers to generate truly random numbers ( without special hardware ) , so most systems and languages provide two different types of randomness .
Pseudo - Random Number Generators ( PRNG ) provide low - quality randomness that are much faster , and can be used for non-security related functionality ( such as ordering results on a page , or randomising UI elements ) .
However , they must not be used for anything security critical , as it is often possible for attackers to guess or predict the output .
Cryptographically Secure Pseudo - Random Number Generators ( CSPRNG ) are designed to produce a much higher quality of randomness ( more strictly , a greater amount of entropy ) , making them safe to use for security - sensitive functionality .
However , they are slower and more CPU intensive , can end up blocking in some circumstances when large amounts of random data are requested .
As such , if large amounts of non-security related randomness are needed , they may not be appropriate .
The table below shows the recommended algorithms for each language , as well as insecure functions that should not be used .
Language Unsafe Functions Cryptographically Secure Functions C random ( ) , rand ( ) getrandom ( 2 ) Java java.util.Random ( ) java.security.SecureRandom PHP rand( ) , mt_rand ( ) , array_rand ( ) , uniqid ( ) random_bytes ( ) , random_int ( ) in PHP 7 or openssl_random_pseudo_bytes ( ) in PHP 5 . NET/C# Random ( ) RNGCryptoServiceProvider Objective - C arc4random ( ) ( Uses RC4 Cipher ) SecRandomCopyBytes Python random ( ) secrets ( ) Ruby Random SecureRandom
Go rand using math / rand package crypto.rand package Rust rand :: prng::XorShiftRng rand :: prng:: chacha::ChaChaRng and the rest of the Rust library CSPRNGs .
UUIDs and GUIDs ¶
Universally unique identifiers ( UUIDs or GUIDs ) are sometimes used as a quick way to generate random strings .
Although they can provide a reasonable source of randomness , this will depend on the type or version of the UUID that is created .
Specifically , version 1 UUIDs are comprised of a high precision timestamp and the MAC address of the system that generated them , so are not random ( although they may be hard to guess , given the timestamp is to the nearest 100ns ) .
Type 4 UUIDs are randomly generated , although whether this is done using a CSPRNG will depend on the implementation .
Unless this is known to be secure in the specific language or framework , the randomness of UUIDs should not be relied upon .
Defence in Depth ¶
Applications should be designed to still be secure even if cryptographic controls fail .
Any information that is stored in an encrypted form should also be protected by additional layers of security .
Application should also not rely on the security of encrypted URL parameters , and should enforce strong access control to prevent unauthorised access to information .
Key Management ¶
Formal processes should be implemented ( and tested ) to cover all aspects of key management , including :
Generating and storing new keys .
Distributing keys to the required parties .
Deploying keys to application servers .
Rotating and decommissioning old keys
Key Generation ¶
Keys should be randomly generated using a cryptographically secure function , such as those discussed in the Secure Random Number Generation section .
Keys should not be based on common words or phrases , or on " random " characters generated by mashing the keyboard .
Where multiple keys are used ( such as data separate data - encrypting and key - encrypting keys ) , they should be fully independent from each other .
Key Lifetimes and Rotation ¶
Encryption keys should be changed ( or rotated ) based on a number of different criteria :
If the previous key is known ( or suspected ) to have been compromised .
This could also be caused by a someone who had access to the key leaving the organisation .
After a specified period of time has elapsed ( known as the cryptoperiod ) .
There are many factors that could affect what an appropriate cryptoperiod is , including the size of the key , the sensitivity of the data , and the threat model of the system .
See section 5.3 of NIST SP 800 - 57 for further guidance .
After the key has been used to encrypt a specific amount of data .
This would typically be 2^35 bytes ( ~34GB ) for 64 - bit keys and 2^68 bytes ( ~295 exabytes ) for 128 bit keys .
If there is a significant change to the security provided by the algorithm ( such as a new attack being announced ) .
Once one of these criteria have been met , a new key should be generated and used for encrypting any new data .
There are two main approaches for how existing data that was encrypted with the old key (s ) should be handled :
Decrypting it and re-encrypting it with the new key .
Marking each item with the ID of the key that was used to encrypt it , and storing multiple keys to allow the old data to be decrypted .
The first option should generally be preferred , as it greatly simplifies both the application code and key management processes ; however , it may not always be feasible .
Note that old keys should generally be stored for a certain period after they have been retired , in case old backups of copies of the data need to be decrypted .
It is important that the code and processes required to rotate a key are in place before they are required , so that keys can be quickly rotated in the event of a compromise .
Additionally , processes should also be implemented to allow the encryption algorithm or library to be changed , in case a new vulnerability is found in the algorithm or implementation .
Key Storage¶
Securely storing cryptographic keys is one of the hardest problems to solve , as the application always needs to have some level of access to the keys in order to decrypt the data .
While it may not be possible to fully protect the keys from an attacker who has fully compromised the application , a number of steps can be taken to make it harder for them to obtain the keys .
Where available , the secure storage mechanisms provided by the operating system , framework or cloud service provider should be used .
These include :
A physical Hardware Security Module ( HSM ) .
A virtual HSM .
Key vaults such as Amazon KMS or Azure Key Vault .
Secure storage APIs provided by the ProtectedData class in the .NET framework .
There are many advantages to using these types of secure storage over simply putting keys in configuration files .
The specifics of these will vary depending on the solution used , but they include :
Central management of keys , especially in containerised environments .
Easy key rotation and replacement .
Secure key generation .
Simplifying compliance with regulatory standards such as FIPS 140 or PCI DSS .
Making it harder for an attacker to export or steal keys .
In some cases none of these will be available , such as in a shared hosting environment , meaning that it is not possible to obtain a high degree of protection for any encryption keys .
However , the following basic rules can still be followed :
Do not hard - code keys into the application source code .
Do not check keys into version control systems .
Protect the configuration files containing the keys with restrictive permissions .
Avoid storing keys in environment variables , as these can be accidentally exposed through functions such as phpinfo ( ) or through the / proc / self / environ file .
Separation of Keys and Data¶
Where possible , encryption keys should be stored in a separate location from encrypted data .
For example , if the data is stored in a database , the keys should be stored in the filesystem .
This means that if an attacker only has access to one of these ( for example through directory traversal or SQL injection ) , they cannot access both the keys and the data .
Depending on the architecture of the environment , it may be possible to store the keys and data on separate systems , which would provide a greater degree of isolation .
Encrypting Stored Keys ¶
Where possible , encryption keys should themselves be stored in an encrypted form .
At least two separate keys are required for this :
The Data Encryption Key ( DEK ) is used to encrypt the data .
The Key Encryption Key ( KEK ) is used to encrypt the DEK .
For this to be effective , the KEK must be stored separately from the DEK .
The encrypted DEK can be stored with the data , but will only be usable if an attacker is able to also obtain the KEK , which is stored on another system .
The KEK should also be at least as strong as the DEK .
The envelope encryption guidance from Google contains further details on how to manage DEKs and KEKs .
In simpler application architectures ( such as shared hosting environments ) where the KEK and DEK cannot be stored separately , there is limited value to this approach , as an attacker is likely to be able to obtain both of the keys at the same time .
However , it can provide an additional barrier to unskilled attackers .
A key derivation function ( KDF ) could be used to generate a KEK from user - supplied input ( such a passphrase ) , which would then be used to encrypt a randomly generated DEK .
This allows the KEK to be easily changed ( when the user changes their passphrase ) , without needing to re-encrypt the data ( as the DEK remains the same ) .
5 Rum Drinks For The Holidays
Snowflakes are falling .
Gifts are being wrapped and given .
Cards and candles are everywhere .
It ’s almost like there ’s something special going on this time of year .
While spending time – willingly or otherwise – with friends and family , it just feel right without the right drink to add to the merriment ( or help with the tolerance , depending on your own situation ) .
So here are 5 drinks to help you keep full of holiday cheer .
Egg Nogg .75 oz Brandy
.75 oz Rum
. 5 oz Sugar
3 oz Whole Milk or Heavy Cream
1 Whole Egg Mix rum , brandy , sugar , egg , and milk in a mixing tin .
Fill the tin with ice and shake like your life depends on it .
Strain into a glass or goblet and garnish with freshly grated nutmeg .
Thick and frothy and full of spice , this is one of the more traditional drinks of the holidays .
And if you ’re wondering whether to use brandy or rum , the solution is to use both !
Find yourself a good spiced rum like Foursquare or Old New Orleans Cajun Spiced Rum , or if you want something with more depth , reach for a bottle of Coruba or Cruzan Blackstrap .
For an interesting twist , try making your nog with hot or steamed milk instead of shaking with ice ( pictured above ) .
Hot Buttered Rum 2 oz Rum
3 tsp Sugar
. 5 tsp Allspice
. 5 tsp Cloves
1 tbsp Butter
Hot Water
Warm a mug or glass , and then add sugar and about 1.5 oz of hot water to the mug .
Stir sugar and water until sugar is well - dissolved .
Add rum and spices and then fill top the mug with hot water .
Add butter and stir until butter is completely melted .
Garnish with a cinnamon stick and / or orange peel , depending on the flavor you ’re looking for .
Baby , it ’s cold outside .
What better way to feel all warm and cozy than with some hot spices , rum , and some comforting buttery flavor to boot ?
Use a good , flavorful rum for this .
Spiced rums work well , though I ’m a bit partial to using a Jamaican rum like Appleton Estate V/X .
Hot Apple Cider 4 parts apple cider ( soft cider )
2 parts gold rum
1 part spiced rum
2 cinnamon sticks
8 cloves
2 tsp fresh allspice
1 tsp fresh nutmeg
1 tsp honey
1/2 tsp vanilla powder
fresh orange peel
Using a saucepan , pot , or crockpot , mix all the ingredients except for the orange peel .
Heat the mixture over low - to - medium heat for about 5 minutes .
Twist the orange peel over the cider to release the oils and then drop the peel into the pot .
Add the rum , and continue to heat for approx .
15 - 20 minutes , or until your kitchen and surrounding rooms smell like warm apples and cinnamon .
If you and your guests are looking for a communal way to feel warm and jolly , it ’s hard to go wrong with a traditional rum and apple cider combination served from a hot pot on the stove .
The spices , apples , and rum fill the room with a wonderful holiday aroma , adding a nice accent to the merriment .
It ’s hard to find a rum that does n’t work here , though I usually use Appleton Estate V/X or Mount Gay Eclipse for the gold rum and Foursquare for the spiced .
Blackheart Punch
by Blair Reynolds from Trader Tiki 1 part Fresh Lime Juice
1 part Fresh Lemon Juice
2 parts Cinnamon Syrup
1 part Black Strap Rum
2 parts Amber Rum ( Cruzan preferred )
4 parts Iced Black Tea Serve in a punch bowl with a large block of ice .
Float mint leaves , cinnamon sticks and frozen lime wheels .
Ladle over rocks with a spring of mint and a dash of Aromatic bitters .
If the name sounds odd for a holiday treat , that ’s because it ’s a brand new creation from the mind of Trader Tiki .
Originally entered in the punch contest hosted by Malo Cantina and myself , this recipe has the right combination of spices and jolly - making rum to keep your party singing carols through - out the night .
Set it in a bowl and let your loved ones serve themselves until the snow stops falling .
Kickstart Cocktail
by Darcy O’Neil from Art of Drink 1.25 oz Gold Rum ( or other good rum )
. 5 oz Vanilla Liqueur
1 oz Cold Coffee *
1 tsp Cinnamon Syrup
1 tsp Simple Syrup ( 2:1 )
Stir and Strain into cocktail glass , garnish with cinnamon stick .
* Brew a strong pot of coffee using a medium roast coffee bean .
Allow sufficient time for coffee to cool before using it in the cocktail .
If needed , put coffee carafe on ice .
Several weeks ago I started polling bartenders , mixologists , and bloggers about their favorite holiday drinks that use rum to help come up with a list like this .
The vast majority responded with egg nogg , hot buttered rum , rum and cider and the various variations thereof .
Darcy , however , sent me this “ holiday - ish ” concoction made with rum , coffee , and vanilla liqueur .
Darcy recommends using Cockspur Old Gold Rum , while I ’ve been drinking them ( research , you know ) with Appleton Estate 12 Year Old.
Classy and delicious .
Question of the Day :
What are your favorite holiday rum cocktails ?
In November 2009 , Vauxhall Motors commissioned me to write a report on some of the mathematics of parking .
The full report , The Geometry of Perfect Parking , can be found here ( from 11 December 2009 ) .
It was a great opportunity to describe how ' school ' mathematics can be used to understand a question that lots of people might ask , and I thoroughly enjoyed writing the report .
If you are reading this page because you are interested in what mathematics can do , excellent sites to look at are http://www.mathscareers.org.uk/ for school and undergraduate level mathematics , and http://www.ams.org/public-awareness for articles for the general reader describing current mathematics research .
If you are looking for someone to talk to about parking , I 'll have to disappoint you !
My research interests lie in various areas of pure and applicable mathematics , including cryptography , communication theory and various areas of pure mathematics .
Have a look at my research interests page for more details ( including some books for a general audience on the areas I 'm interested in ) .
Many of my papers and preprints are available online , from this page .
You might have seen some recent coverage on the BBC TV programme The One Show of a parking formula very similar to the one in my report , as part of their Maths for Life week .
The formula was produced by Rebecca Hoyle , from the University of Surrey .
Like me , she is interested in parking as a way of illustrating the power of simple maths to solve problems : her research interests lie in pattern formation , non-linear dynamics and systems biology , not parking .
Have a look at her home page if you are interested in finding out more about her research .
My model assumes that you want to finish exactly flush with the kerb when you park .
Jerome
White has looked at the situation when this requirement is relaxed : you just want to end up within a specified distance of the kerb ( but still parallel to it ) .
You can see what he 's done here .
Simon R. Blackburn
Department of Mathematics
Royal Holloway , University of London
11 December 2009 ; 22 November 2010
The History of English Wine English wine : its history in a nutshell !
The Romans brought the vine and wine to Britain Many vineyards in Middle Ages , but later decline Renaissance of English vineyards post World War 2 - now nearly 400 Index Click on topic or scroll down page
Roman origins ?
Domesday and Middle Ages
Victorian experimenter
Twentieth century gap
Post - war pioneers
Exponential growth
Maturity ?
Problems
An un -level playing field ?
Re-positioning English wine
A peculiarly " British " confusion
Less means better ?
A reading list
Appeal for contributors Return to home page
Roman Origins
It is said that Julius Caesar brought the vine to England .
Nice though that story is , some scholars think it apocryphal - wine was certainly brought to Britain by the Romans , but it is less certain whether the vine was grown here , or if it was , whether it was in sufficent quantity to satisfy the local requirement for wine or just as an ornament to remind Romans of home and wealthy Romano - Britons of the source of their civilisation and prosperity .
Domesday & Middle Ages
It is more certain that by the time of the Norman Conquest , vines were grown , and wine made , in a substantial number of monastic institutions in England , especially , southern England .
The legacy of street names ( such as Vine street or the Vineyards ) in London and provincial towns and cities - suggests that vines and vineyards were certainly no great rarities .
At the time of the compilation of the Domesday Survey in the late eleventh century , vineyards were recorded in 46 places in southern England , from East Anglia through to modern - day Somerset .
By the time King Henry VIIIth ascended the throne there were 139 sizeable vineyards in England and Wales - 11 of them owned by the Crown , 67 by noble families and 52 by the church .
It is not exactly clear why the number of vineyards declined subsequently .
Some have put it down to an adverse change in the weather which made an uncertain enterprise even more problematic .
Others have linked it with the dissolution of the monasteries by Henry VIII .
Both these factors may have had some part to play but in all probability the decline was gradual ( over several centuries ) and for more complex reasons .
Eighteenth & nineteenth century experimenters
In the seventeenth , eighteenth and nineteenth century there is evidence of various noblemen experimenting with growing grapes and making wine - such as the Hon .
Charles Hamilton who grew vines at Painshill in Surrey ( a garden which has in recent years been restored ) .
In the late nineteenth century , the Marquess of Bute established a vineyard on a commercial scale at Castell Coch in South Wales - this is very well documented .
The Marquess died in 1900 but in 1905 there were 63,000 vines at Castell Coch and Swanbridge superintended by the Marquess 's 19 year old son who had succeeded him , but no wine making seems to have been carried out after the First World War .
Twentieth century gap
The period from the end of the First World War to shortly after the end of the Second World War may well be the only time in two millennia that vines to make wine on a substantial scale were not grown in England or Wales .
Doubtless , during that time , there were some vines being grown on a garden scale by amateur growers , but for more than 25 years there was a total cessation of viticulture and winemaking on a commercial basis .
Post - war pioneers
After the Second World War , two men seem to have been the inspiration for the re-establishment of the English Wine industry .
One was Ray Barrington Brock ( who died only this year ) .
He was a research chemist and set himself a private research mission to discover which varieties of grape would grow and ripen well in Britain .
The other was Edward Hymans , a writer on garden matters who planted a vineyard and researched for a book he was writing on the history and practice of grape - vine cultivation in England .
The work of these two pioneers inspired others : Major General Sir Guy Salisbury - Jones planted a vineyard at Hambledon , north of Portsmouth , in Hampshire .
He initially planted 4,000 vines on a 1.5 acre site in 1952 and in 1955 the first English Wine to be made and sold commercially since the First World War went on sale .
Exponential growth
The rest , as they say , is history .
An ever - increasing number of pioneers followed these leads and especially during the 1960s , 70s and 80s there was a rapid increase in the number of English vineyards to a figure well over 400 by the late 80s / early 90s .
The total area under cultivation rose to more than 2,000 acres .
Look carefully - a superb crop of black Rondo grapes at Sedlescombe Organic Vineyard in East Sussex ( 1996 )
The vast majority of these vineyards were small ( 5 acres or less , many less than 1 acre ) , whilst a few much larger vineyards emerged , such as Three Choirs near Newent in Gloucestershire .
Denbies at Dorking in Surrey has , so far , marked the apogee of size in English vineyards , with around 250 acres under cultivation .
Clearly such vineyards have been very serious commercial developments , but many small English vineyards have been retirement or " second - career " ventures , quite often by individuals or married couples wanting to escape the urban rat-race whilst still pursuing an occupation requiring both manual and intellectual challenges .
A mature industry ?
In the 1990s the increase in the number of vineyards and the acreage under cultivation has levelled off , maybe even declined a little .
There are a number of reasons for this - many English vineyards have undoubtedly been established with little knowledge of , or even concern for , their financial viability .
A saying has grown up that the best way to get a small fortune is to have a large fortune and buy an English vineyard .
Whilst this is cruel , it is also pretty certain that it is true .
Problems
However , there are , fortunately , a good number of vineyards demonstrating that this adage is not necessarily true of all English vineyards and some of the more recently established vinyards and those which have grown from smaller origins have accumulated the professional and scientific expertise needed for successful commercial scale operations .
Some English vineyards have clearly been established in less than favourable soils or situations and have selected inappropriate vine varieties and , as a result , have been marginal , or worse , in their productivity in the average year ( In England , it is only in about 2 years in every 10 that grape production will be really good , 4 years will be average and 4 years poor or terrible - largely due to weather and / or disease exacerbated by weather ) .
The best of present day vineyards are well sited , grow the right varieties for their situation , are well managed and their growers understand what they are doing in a scientific way .
There have been some notable examples of new vineyards being planted in recent years on a very scientific basis - with their owners / developers seeking out the right soils and situations for what they want to achieve .
One thinks of Nyetimber vineyard in West Sussex , deliberately developed on the Greensand to emulate the growing conditions in the Champagne region of France .
Already Nyetimber 's reputation for its sparkling wines confirm the efficacy of this rational , scientific approach .
An un -level playing field ?
In the 1990s English vineyards , especially those in the south - east of England , have also suffered from the cross-Channel " smuggling " phenomenon whereby it is possible ( due to high rates of customs duty and VAT on wine in England ) for any UK citizen to take a cheap trip by Channel Tunnel or Ferry to one of a number of French ports ( such as Calais ) and buy practically duty free wines from vast wine supermarkets .
On sheer cost of production it is not possible for English wine producers to compete on such prices .
Re-positioning English wine
However this has led the more thinking members of the English wine industry to raise their sights ( as , to be fair , many of them have always done ) and to aim not at the bottom of the market but at the top .
Recurring successes in blind tastings against all - comers from around the world have shown that when given a fair trial English wines can be as good as the best from anywhere else .
Of course , some are not in this league and it can be argued that if low quality producers drop out of the market this may , in fact , be a good thing however much it may be a disappointment or even tragedy for individual winegrowers and makers .
A peculiarly " British " confusion
The final hurdle that faces English wine producers is ignorance and confusion .
A surprisingly large proportion of English people have never ever even tasted English wine - or if they have , they may have tried just one example and been unfortunate in their experience and have never repeated their experiment with a better English wine .
The confusion factor comes from a bizarre use of terminology that is allowed in Britain .
Look on the shelves of any supermarket and the cheapest wines you will see are described as " British " .
Such wines are decidely cheap , but generally have little or no character , which , when one knows their origin and method of manufacture is hardly surprising .
Unfortunately many people have the impression that they are " English wines " .
Nothing could be further from the truth .
English wine is good honest wine which has by law to be both grown and made in England ( Similarly , " Welsh " in Wales ) .
The grapes have to be grown in England and the wine has to be made in England .
Often , indeed the English grape grower makes the wine in his own winery at his own vineyard .
By contrast , the so - called " British " wine is not made from grapes grown in England ( or Wales ) but is made , like a giant home wine - making kit from Boots the Chemists , from wine concentrate imported in tanker ships to ports such as Shoreham in Sussex .
The wines are " made " in factory scale enterprises inland in towns such as Kingston - upon - Thames in Surrey .
This low cost / low price " factory wine " for the very bottom of the wine market in Britain developed when there was no native grape - growing and wine - making industry in England or Wales .
This is how its manufacturers managed to establish the designation " British wine " .
One suspects that had there been an established wine - growing industry at the time the designation would never have been allowed and the present damaging confusion in the public 's mind would have been avoided .
Although it should not be over - stated , it has muddied the waters and confused the public .
Successive UK governments have shown little sign of wishing to aid the fledgling English wine growing and making industry - in particular they have been unwilling to abate the high levels of excise duty and VAT which afflict the English wine producers .
Although there has been no sign of them being willing to do so , one of the easiest things government could do to help would be to find a new term to replace that of " British " wine to describe wine made from imported juices or concentrates .
Less means better ?
At the end of the second Millennium it may reasonably be said that England has at least a small indigenous wine growing industry .
The realities of climate and latitude probably dictate that it will never grow into the massive industries of France , Italy , Germany or Australia .
However , and it may fairly be said to be one of the best kept secrets of these islands , the fact is that though the grapevine is most productive in sunnier , hotter climes , it produces wine of the very highest quality where it is at the very margin of its existence .
That is , in England and Wales .
A reading list
There are a number of books about the history of English Wine .
" A Taste of English Wine " by Hugh Barty - King ( Pelham Books 1989 ) and " A Tradition of English Wine " , also by Hugh Barty - King ( Oxford Illustrated Press , 1977 ) are particularly informative and comprehensively researched .
Stephen Skelton 's " The Vineyards of England " ( published by S.P. & L.Skelton 1989 ) is a superb guide both to the history of English Wine and also the state of the industry and a comprehensive gazeteer of individual vineyards .
Unfortunately it is now 10 years old and lots of changes have , inevitably , taken place , but it is believed that a successor volume bringing the picture up - to - date will be published in mid-2000 .
I acknowledge with gratitude the assistance I have gained from these and other volumes in drawing up this brief summary of the history of English wine Robert J. Tarr
Coventry & Cornwall , England .
© 1999
Appeal for contributors Visitors who would like to contribute to this history would be most welcome to do so .
Please see our homepage for contact details .
|
Top of page | Home
A businessman who fought off knife - wielding thugs threatening to kill his family was jailed for 30 months yesterday .
Munir Hussain and his wife and children returned from their local mosque during Ramadan to find three intruders , wearing balaclavas , in their home .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
He feared for their lives as their hands were tied behind their backs and they were forced to crawl from room to room .
The 53 - year - old made his escape after throwing a coffee table and enlisted his brother Tokeer in chasing the offenders down the street in High Wycombe , Buckinghamshire , bringing one of them to the ground .
What followed was described in Reading Crown Court as self - defence that went too far , leaving intruder Walid Salem with a permanent brain injury after he was struck with a cricket bat so hard that it broke into three pieces .
Salem was the only intruder caught after the incident on September 3 2008 , but his injuries meant he was not fit to plead after being charged with false imprisonment .
Salem , who has a string of 50 past convictions , was given a two - year supervision order at a court hearing in September this year .
He is currently in custody awaiting trial for an alleged credit card fraud .
The brothers , described as family men at the heart of the local community , were found guilty of causing grievous bodily harm with intent after a trial earlier this year .
The prosecution alleged two other men took part in the so - called " revenge attack " with them .
Tokeer Hussain was given a 39 - month sentence because Judge John Reddihough decided he had not been subject to as much provocation as his brother .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Judge Reddihough said Munir Hussain 's family had been subject to a " serious and wicked offence " and praised the bravery of his teenage son who escaped to raise the alarm .
He also noted the " courage " of Munir Hussain , but said he carried out a " dreadful , violent attack " on Salem as he lay defenceless .
The judge told them : " It may be that some members of the public , or media commentators , will assert that the man Salem deserved what happened to him at the hands of you and the two others involved , and that you should not have been prosecuted and need not be punished .
" However , if persons were permitted to take the law into their own hands and inflict their own instant and violent punishment on an apprehended offender rather than letting justice take its course , then the rule of law and our system of criminal justice , which are the hallmarks of a civilised society , would collapse . "
Sentencing the brothers , whose mother had died just before the incident , the judge added : " This case is a tragedy for you and your families .
" Sadly , I have no doubt that my public duty requires me to impose immediate prison sentences of some length upon you .
" This is in order to reflect the serious consequences of your violent acts and intent and to make it absolutely clear that , whatever the circumstances , persons cannot take the law into their own hands , or carry out revenge attacks upon a person who has offended them . "
The brothers , who live near each other in Desborough Road , High Wycombe , did not react as they were sentenced , but members of their family watching from the public gallery tearfully shook their heads .
Michael Wolkind , defending , argued that his client , who has been prescribed anti-depressants , was the " real victim " in the case .
Mr Wolkind said the case had similarities to that of farmer Tony Martin , who shot a teenage intruder , noting there was public support in both cases .
He told the court : " The public surely do not want Munir Hussain to receive imprisonment .
" I do n't seek a medal , I seek justice for him . "
Munir Hussain , usually a controlled man , had simply acted in the heat of the moment in " extreme circumstances of stress " , he said .
The prosecution said the Hussains were not being convicted for apprehending Salem , but for the " excessive force " they used on him .
Hilary Neville , prosecuting , said : " What started as reasonable self defence by Munir Hussain then turned into excessive force by virtue of a sustained attack by Munir , Tokeer and at least two others . "
The court heard sentencing would have an impact on the local economy , with 10 members of staff losing their jobs at Soundsorba , the company run by Munir Hussain , who employs his brother as a technical director .
The firm , which produces sound - absorbing material , has an annual turnover of £ 2.5 m .
Munir Hussain feels he let down his wife Shaheen Begum and sons Awais , 21 , Samad , 15 , and 18 - year - old daughter Arooj , by failing to defend them against Salem and his gang .
His wife had suffered a stroke prior to the incident , and had since had a mini stroke .
There were now fears for his mental health , a psychiatrist who assessed him told the judge .
Dr Philip Joseph said Munir Hussain could even attempt suicide if his depression reached that stage , saying : " He would be in his cell , worrying about his family , thinking about the many losses he has suffered as a result of this incident .
" I would have concerns he would make a serious bid to harm himself . "
Before yesterday 's sentencing , a senior police officer had told Munir Hussain , who previously won an Asian businessman of the year award and is head of the Race Equality Council for High Wycombe , that he had sympathy for him .
The court heard Chief Inspector Colin Seaton of Thames Valley Police , the senior officer in the case , approached Munir Hussain after a community meeting , asking if there was anything he could do to help .
" He stated that whatever happened that night in the heat of the moment , he was still sad to see Munir Hussain and Tokeer Hussain convicted , " Mr Wolkind added .
" He said they were outstanding members of the community and they had done a great deal of work in the community , both before this incident and afterwards . "
Chief Insp Seaton stressed that he did not wish to see either brother go to jail .
The brothers will serve up to half their sentences in custody .
Under normal sentencing guidelines they would each be starting sentences of at least seven years , the judge added .
Speaking outside court , Mr Wolkind said : " The criminal justice system has failed twice .
" The court was unable to sentence Walid Salem with sufficient harshness , or Munir and Tokeer Hussain with sufficient compassion .
" It 's difficult to believe that this outcome reflects the thinking of the public , or the interests of justice . "
He said he intended to appeal against the sentence on his client 's behalf .
WASHINGTON  A new report finds that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention did a poor job of screening medical experts for financial conflicts when it hired them to advise the agency on vaccine safety , officials said Thursday .
Most of the experts who served on advisory panels in 2007 to evaluate vaccines for flu and cervical cancer had potential conflicts that were never resolved , the report said .
Some were legally barred from considering the issues but did so anyway .
In the report , expected to be released Friday , Daniel R. Levinson , the inspector general of the Department of Health and Human Services , found that the centers failed nearly every time to ensure that the experts adequately filled out forms confirming they were not being paid by companies with an interest in their decisions .
The report found that 64 percent of the advisers had potential conflicts of interest that were never identified or were left unresolved by the centers .
Thirteen percent failed to have an appropriate conflicts form on file at the agency at all , which should have barred their participation in the meetings entirely , Mr. Levinson found .
And 3 percent voted on matters that ethics officers had already barred them from considering .
“ EVERY day I was in Vietnam , I thought about home .
And , every day I ’ve been home , I ’ve thought about Vietnam . ”
So said one of the millions of soldiers who fought there as I did .
Change the name of the battlefield and it could have been said by one of the American servicemen coming home from Iraq or Afghanistan today .
Wars are not over when the shooting stops .
They live on in the lives of those who fight them .
That is the curse of the soldier .
He never forgets .
While the authorities say they cannot yet tell us why an Army psychiatrist would go on a shooting rampage at Fort Hood in Texas , we do know the sorts of stories he had been dealing with as he tried to help those returning from Iraq and Afghanistan readjust to life outside the war zone .
A soldier ’s mind can be just as dangerous to himself , and to those around him , as wars fought on traditional battlefields .
War is haunting .
Death .
Pain .
Blood .
Dismemberment .
A buddy dying in your arms .
Imagine trying to get over the memory of a bomb splitting a Humvee apart beneath your feet and taking your leg with it .
The first time I saw the stilled bodies of American soldiers dead on the battlefield is as stark and brutal a memory as the one of the grenade that ripped off my right arm and both legs .
No , the soldier never forgets .
But neither should the rest of us .
Veterans returning today represent the first real influx of combat - wounded soldiers in a generation .
They are returning to a nation unprepared for what war does to the soul .
Those new veterans will need all of our help .
After America ’s wars , the used - up fighters are too often left to fend for themselves .
Many of the hoboes in the Depression were veterans of World War I .
When they came home , they were labeled shell - shocked and discharged from the Army too broken to make it during the economic cataclysm .
FPGA is an chip that can be configured via a hardware programming language to make nearly any digital circuit .
Hardware engineer can use them while Python developer can’t .
But there is a distinct group of Xilinx FPGA based devices that can be used by software developers and data engineers , even with Python .
This is possible thanks to PYNQ for Xilinx Zynq chips .
In this article I 'll showcase this platform and it capabilities .
Stereo vision is n't something new .
It can be used to get 3D data out of imaged scene which can have various usage cases in robotics , science and alike .
Basic stereo vision kit would consist of two webcams mounted in one line with some distance from each other .
Rarely you could find pre-built webcams of such type .
In this review I 'll look at a stereo - webcam KYT - U200 - SNF01ND that integrates two sensors into one output image that functions as one camera .
› Read more
sometimes you get a raw deal when it comes to your hole
i hope you ’re not as unlucky as our hero in today ’s strip
it is arguable that it was n’t even made for him
it is arguable he just got jealous and went into a dumb cave
Our Experience Can Help You
As a federal employee , you have a great deal invested in your career .
If your job , your security clearance or your employment rights or benefits are threatened , you need a powerful advocate on your side .
At Passman & Kaplan , P.C. , Attorneys at Law , we know the law and how to protect you .
Our highly experienced lawyers wrote the " Federal Employees Legal Survival Guide , " now in its third edition .
We have successfully represented individuals across the U.S. and worldwide in employment and labor law matters .
December 10 , 2009 - Reston , Va. - AIAA President Dave Thompson today testified before the House Committee on Science and Technology on " Decisions on the Future Direction and Funding for NASA : What Will They Mean for the U.S. Aerospace Workforce and Industrial Base ? "
Thompson and his fellow panelists were asked to address the effects of NASA 's future direction and funding on the country 's aerospace industry and the nation as a whole .
Thompson said that the number of retiring professionals exceeds the supply of younger aerospace engineers entering the profession , and warned the committee that over half of all current aerospace engineers will reach retirement age within five years .
" If talented young engineers and scientists are not recruited , retained , and developed to replace the generation that is near retirement , then the U.S. stands to lose the critical economic and national security benefits of the domestic aerospace industry . "
He added that finding talented young engineers will become progressively more difficult at a time when fewer Americans are opting to study science , technology , engineering , and mathematics ( STEM ) subjects at the undergraduate and graduate levels .
He painted a stark picture of the future of the industry , noting that only 15 percent of American students opt to pursue degrees in STEM disciplines at the undergraduate level , compared to nearly 50 percent of students in Asia and Europe .
Thompson noted that the situation at the graduate level is even bleaker , with fewer American students pursuing doctoral degrees in STEM subjects than students in Europe and China .
Stressing the importance of human space flight in inspiring future generation of aerospace workers , Thompson warned that " A major cutback in U.S. human space programs would be substantially detrimental to the future of the aerospace workforce . "
Citing MIT 's recent " Survey of Aerospace Student Attitudes , " he said that 40 percent of students currently enrolled in engineering programs in the United States cited human space flight as their inspiration for pursing their degrees .
Thompson ended his testimony by urging the Administration and Congress to consider the collateral damage if human space programs were curtailed .
As human space flight programs represented 20 % of aerospace industry revenues during 2008 , any major cutbacks could have large and adverse ripple effects on the American economy as well as the future of the aerospace industry . "
###
For a complete copy of Thompson 's testimony , visit www.aiaa.org/pdf/public/DThompsonDecember09.pdf
AIAA is the world 's largest technical society dedicated to the global aerospace profession .
With more than 36,000 individual members worldwide , and 90 corporate members , AIAA brings together industry , academia , and government to advance engineering and science in aviation , space , and defense .
For more information , visit www.aiaa.org.
American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics
1801 Alexander Bell Drive , Suite 500 , Reston , VA 20191-4344
Phone : 703.264.7558 Fax : 703.264.7551 www.aiaa.org
By Yolande Knell
BBC News , Cairo
Archaeologists say the tomb still has many secrets to reveal
Archaeologists in Egypt have said they have discovered the largest known tomb in the ancient necropolis of Sakkara , to the south of Cairo .
The tomb dates back 2,500 years to the 26th Dynasty and contains important artefacts , including mummified eagles .
It is one of two newly discovered tombs found by an Egyptian team working close to the entrance of Sakkara , the burial ground for Egypt 's ancient capital .
The tomb consists of a big hall hewn out of the limestone rock .
There are a number of small rooms and passageways where ancient coffins , skeletons and well - preserved clay pots were discovered , as well as the mummies of eagles .
Egypt 's chief archaeologist , Zahi Hawass , who announced the discovery , said that early investigations showed that although the tomb dated back to the 26th Dynasty , it had been used several times .
He said it was most likely to have been robbed at the end of the Roman period .
Other excavations at Sakkara are continuing and Dr Hawass said the latest finds confirm that the site still contains undiscovered secrets .
Failure in Copenhagen Gunning Full Throttle into the Greenhouse
What a disaster .
The climate summit in Copenhagen has failed because of the hardball politicking of the United States , China and several other countries -- and because people just can't seem to fathom how catastrophic climate change will be .
They probably wo n't have long to wait before things become a bit clearer .
Editor 's note : Rep. Louise M. Slaughter , a Democrat , represents the 28th Congressional District of New York .
Slaughter is the first woman to chair the House Rules Committee and the only microbiologist in Congress .
Washington ( CNN ) --
The Senate health care bill is not worthy of the historic vote that the House took a month ago .
Even though the House version is far from perfect , it at least represents a step toward our goal of giving 36 million Americans decent health coverage .
But under the Senate plan , millions of Americans will be forced into private insurance company plans , which will be subsidized by taxpayers .
That alternative will do almost nothing to reform health care but will be a windfall for insurance companies .
Is it any surprise that stock prices for some of those insurers are up recently ?
I do not want to subsidize the private insurance market ; the whole point of creating a government option is to bring prices down .
Insisting on a government mandate to have insurance without a better alternative to the status quo is not true reform .
By eliminating the public option , the government program that could spark competition within the health insurance industry , the Senate has ended up with a bill that is n't worthy of its support .
The public option is the part of our reform effort that will lower costs , improve the delivery of health care services and force insurance companies to offer rates and services that are reasonable .
Although the art of legislating involves compromise , I believe the Senate went off the rails when it agreed with the Obama Administration to water down the reform bill and no longer include the public option .
But that 's not the only thing wrong with the Senate 's version of the health care bill .
Under that plan , insurance companies can punish older people , charging them much higher rates than the House bill would allow .
In the House , we fought hard to repeal McCarran - Ferguson , the antitrust exemption that insurance companies have enjoyed for years .
We did that because we believed firmly that those Fortune 500 corporations should not enjoy special treatment .
Yet the Senate bill does not include that provision -- despite assurances from some members that they will seek to add it .
By ending that protection , we will be able to go after insurance companies with federal penalties for misleading advertising or dishonest business practices .
The House bill would cover 96 percent of legal residents , while the Senate covers 94 percent .
Compared with the House bill , the Senate 's bill makes it much easier for employers to avoid the responsibility of providing insurance for their workers .
And of course , the Senate bill did not remove the onerous choice language intended to appeal to anti-abortion forces .
Now do n't get me wrong ; the current House and Senate bills are a significant improvement over the status quo .
Given the hard path to reform and the political realities of next year , there is a sizable group within Congress that wants to simply cut any deal that works and call it a success .
Many previous efforts have failed , and the path to reform is littered with unsuccessful efforts championed by Franklin Delano Roosevelt , Harry Truman and Bill Clinton .
Supporters of the weak Senate bill say " just pass it -- any bill is better than no bill . "
I strongly disagree -- a conference report is unlikely to sufficiently bridge the gap between these two very different bills .
It 's time that we draw the line on this weak bill and ask the Senate to go back to the drawing board .
The American people deserve at least that .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Louise Slaughter .
A crowd of people have helped two convicts escape a public execution in Iran , officials there say .
The crowd overpowered security services and helped two men convicted of robbery to escape hanging in the province of Kerman , the Fars news agency reported .
The men were recaptured hours later , and justice department officials say they will be put to death on Wednesday .
Iran executes more people than anywhere else in the world except China , human rights groups say .
The members of the crowd who aided their escape will also be punished , officials said .
This year the Iranian government has increased the already high number of executions , possibly as a way of asserting its authority in the wake of the disputed presidential election result , BBC correspondents say .
Human rights groups accuse Iran of making excessive use of the death penalty but Tehran insists it is an effective deterrent that is used only after a lengthy judicial process .
Every year , this gets harder .
Not that deciding what pictures to use in 2006 , 2007 , or 2008 was all that easy !
But astronomy is such a beautiful science .
Of course it has scientific appeal : the biggest questions fall squarely into its lap .
Where did this all begin ?
How will it end ?
How did we get here ?
People used to look to the stars asking those questions , and coincidentally , for the most part , that 's where the answers lie .
And we 'll be asking them for a long time to come .
But astronomy is so visually appealing as well !
Colorful stars , wispy , ethereal nebulae , galactic vistas sprawling out across our telescopes ... it 's art no matter how you look at it .
And our techniques for viewing the heavens gets better every year ; our telescopes get bigger , our cameras more sensitive , and our robotic probes visit distant realms , getting close - up shots that remind us that these are not just planets and moons ; they 're worlds .
So every year the flood of imagery takes longer to sort through , and far longer to choose from .
And the choices were really tough !
This year leans a bit more toward planetary images than usual , but that 's not surprising given how many spacecraft we have out there these days .
I do n't pick all these images for their sheer beauty ; I consider what they mean , what we 've learned from them , and their impact as well .
But have no doubts that they are all magnificent examples of the intersection of art and science .
At the bottom of each post is a link to the original source and to my original post on the topic , if there is one .
If you disagree with my picks , or think I 've missed something , put a link in the comments !
All the pictures have descriptions , and are clickable to bring you to ( in most cases ) much higher resolution version .
So embiggen away !
And welcome to my annual Top Ten Astronomy Pictures post .
Enjoy .
ENTER THE TOP TEN GALLERY
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
# 10 : Pandora 's Galaxy
NGC 4522 is a spiral galaxy that lies 60 million light years away , a denizen of the Virgo Cluster , the nearest such collection of galaxies to our Milky Way .
At that distance , you could wait a million years and not see any motion of the galaxy through the cluster .
But do n't be fooled ; NGC 4522 is screaming through Virgo at 10 million kilometers per hour .
You can see that for yourself : look above it !
There is copious gas and dust flowing out of it from the top , as you can easily see in this picture from the Hubble Space Telescope .
As the galaxy slams into the thin gas that exists in the cluster , that material exerts a pressure on the gas and dust inside the galaxy , blowing it out the back .
This image of the galaxy shows that material streaming upwards , tendrils of dark dust and red gas flailing behind the galaxy .
If you look carefully , you can see patches glowing blue , as new , massive , searingly hot stars are born out of the compressed material .
But I love this picture not just because of that , but also because of the huge number of far more distant galaxies you can see littering the background .
Most of them are hundreds of millions of light years away and more , but the illusion of them bursting out of NGC 4522 is fairly strong .
Galaxies do n't actually do that , of course , but I rather like the poetic image of babies erupting out of the galaxy like dandelion seeds on the intergalactic wind .
Original Hubble news storyBA Blog postGigantic version
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
# 9 : A Computer 's Spot in the Sun
Dark blemishes on the Sun have been known since antiquity ; when the setting Sun 's disk is dimmed by dust in the air , you can sometimes see sunspots against its reddened face .
Those are monster spots , and very rare , but even the normal run -of - the - mill sunspots are n't well understood .
But that 's changing .
In the 1850s came the first hints that sunspots were magnetic in nature , and over the past 15 decades we 've made quite a bit of progress .
We now know that sunspots are manifestations of the Sun 's seething and complex magnetic field .
Where the field lines erupt from the surface , the hot solar gas is constrained like a prisoner in a cell .
The gas cools , but can not sink back down beneath the surface .
It stays put , looking dark against the Sun 's otherwise blinding light .
Magnetic fields are incredibly difficult to model mathematically , but as computers improve , so does our ability to understand magnetic behavior .
That picture above looks just like a sunspot , but it is n't : it 's a computer - generated simulation of the flow of gas on the Sun as it is squeezed by the solar magnetic fields .
It 's the first time a sunspot has been modeled in three - dimensions , and is a breakthrough for scientists studying how the Sun works .
It 's also a first for my Top Ten posts : a picture that 's not of a real object !
But how could I leave it off ?
It 's so awesome !
And this affects you too .
In 1989 a giant magnetically - driven ejection of material from the Sun caused a massive power outage in Quebec in winter , and did billions of dollars of damage .
Understanding how the Sun works in this way can help us predict when these events are likely to happen .
That 'll save money and lives .
And we 're expecting the Sun to start ramping up on sunspots again in just a few years ...
Original news story BA Blog post
Credit : Matthias Rempel , NCAR
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
# 8 : Home
Rosetta
is an impressive European spacecraft on its way to the unlikely - named comet 67 P / Churyumov - Gerasimenko .
Once it arrives in 2014 it will extensively map the comet 's solid nucleus and , incredibly , even deploy a lander
which will take close - up pictures and sample the comet 's material .
Comets are on orbits that can make them difficult to reach , so the gravity of planets must be " borrowed " to get the probe to its destination .
In November 2009 , Rosetta swung by the Earth for its third and final assist .
While it was still over 600,000 km ( 360,000 miles ) away , it took this remarkable image of our home .
I look at pictures of Earth from space every day , and it 's easy to forget how special our world is .
Pictures like this remind us how stunning and beautiful it is .
And better yet , in my mind , the crescent shape is so similar to the way we think of the Moon and Venus that 's it a strong reminder that we are but one world of many , a planet both mundane and special , ordinary and unique .
Plus , I 'm a sucker for home pictures .
Original news story BA Blog postCredit : ESA ©2009 MPS for OSIRIS Team MPS / UPD / LAM / IAA / RSSD / INTA / UPM / DASP/IDA
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
# 7 : The Lunar abyss stares back
One of the biggest news stories of the year was the confirmation of large quantities of water on the Moon , stored in the endless dark of crater floors at the lunar poles .
If the crater is deep enough sunlight can never reach the bottom , and the temperature stays chillingly cold .
Water can come in the form of comets , for example , which impact the Moon and blast water molecules over the surface .
When sunlight hits them the molecules quickly fall apart , forming hydrogen and hydroxyl ions .
But if the water settles to the floor of a polar crater , it can stay intact .
Over billions of years , it builds up .
Several attempts to find these hypothetical ice fields resulted in disappointment until October 2009 , when the LCROSS lunar impactor
slammed into the floor of the crater Cabeus , and water was positively detected in its plume .
In the buildup to that event , the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter took detailed images of the lunar poles , returning this dramatically lit view of Erlanger , a crater 10 km ( 6 miles ) across just 90 km ( 50 miles ) from the Moon 's north pole .
The Sun is perpetually on the horizon as seen from the crater , and only the raised rim is ever lit .
In this shot nearly the entire circle of the rim can be seen , poking into the sunlight and creating a ghostly halo at the Moon 's pole .
The crater has steep walls , and the bottom almost never sees sunlight .
Is there ice lurking in this inky blackness as well ?
Original news story BA Blog postCredit : NASA / GSFC / Arizona State University
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
# 6 : The Cosmic Hand of Destruction
Every now and again , an astronomy picture will make me stop and do a double - take .
This one really threw me when I first saw it and made me laugh out loud .
It 's a hand !
And it 's reaching for something !
Perhaps some sort of cosmic sausage !
This eerie shot , from the Chandra X - ray Observatory , is actually showing extremely hot gas around a pulsar , the rapidly spinning core of a once - exploded star .
The pulsar -- named PSR B1509 - 58 -- is buried in the bright spot in the " wrist " of this structure .
As the pulsar spins , it generates extremely strong magnetic winds which blow out and interact with previously existing gas in the region .
Dense knots of gas form , and those are at the tips of the " fingers " ( if only they were holding a " laser " ) .
The red gas above is probably expanding material from the supernova explosion that formed the pulsar in the first place , something like 1700 years ago .
The jet of material stretching out to the lower left of the pulsar is being ejected from the pole of the star .
It 's moving at 200 million km / hr -- fast enough to get from the Earth to the Moon in 7 seconds -- and is hundreds of trillions of kilometers long .
Mind you , the pulsar itself is perhaps only 10 km ( 6 miles ) or so across .
My home town was bigger than that .
But my favorite thing about this : does n't this image look like an actual X - ray of a hand and wrist ?
That 's funny , because the image was in fact taken in X - rays !
Chandra is sensitive to the high - energy light coming from astronomical objects , so in a weird twist of fate an X - ray image actually looks like , well , an X - ray image !
See ?
Astronomy is humerus .
Original news story BA Blog postCredit : NASA / CXC / SAO /P .
Slane , et al .
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
# 5 : Beautiful plumage !
The Cassini spacecraft
has been orbiting Saturn since 2004 , and has been returning a virtual firehose of incredible images and science ever since .
I 'd argue it's one of the most dramatically successful space probes of all time .
It 's certainly revolutionized our view of the ringed planet over and again .
But it 's been the views of Saturn 's fleet of moons where Cassini really shines .
Some are small , some huge , but they are all worlds , as unique and individual as people .
But even in this diverse retinue of satellites , Enceladus stands out .
At first you might not think so : it 's an icy ball just 500 km ( 300 miles ) across .
But close - up images from Cassini show deep grooves ( called tiger stripes ) on the south pole of the moon , and also detected massive water geysers erupting from them !
Ever since that discovery , Enceladus has been a major target for close fly - bys from Cassini .
On November 21 , 2009 , Cassini flew
within 100 kilometers ( 60 miles ) of the moon 's pole , taking a series of images
stitched together into this incredible mosaic
by The Planetary Society Blog 's Emily Lakdawalla .
It shows many erupting geysers , spewing out tons of water into space at hundreds of kilometers per hour .
Seen near the day / night dividing line , the plumes stretch into space and into the sunlight , making them visible even over the dark surface .
It 's unclear if the interior of Enceladus is a moon - circling ocean , or if these geysers are from local patches of water heated by natural radioactivity and the tidal flexing of the moon from the mighty gravity of Saturn .
But every time Cassini passes near and even through the plumes , Enceladus reveals a little more about itself and we learn a little bit more .
Oh , one more thing : the moon 's name comes from a Greek myth ; Enceladus was one of the giant sons of Saturn .
He was fatally wounded in a battle , and buried under Mt. Etna .
Amazingly , in the mythology , eruptions from that volcano are said to be due to Enceladus turning over to relieve stress from his injured side !
I think the ancient Greek storytellers might be amused to know that their myths are reflected in the geysers of a distant world .
Original news story ( includes an amazing animated flyby of the plumes ! ) BA Blog postCredit : NASA / JPL / SSI / mosaic by Emily Lakdawalla
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
# 4 : Hubble 's Metamorphosis
In May 2009 , the Space Shuttle Atlantis roared into orbit to rendezvous with the ailing Hubble Space Telescope .
After several exciting spacewalks , astronauts succeeded in making many upgrades to the venerable observatory
, including installing new high - resolution cameras , fixing old shorted - out cameras , and replacing needed hardware like computer parts and gyroscopes .
We all waited anxiously , and finally , in September , new images from the refurbished ' scope were released .
Although at the time I did n't post about this image specifically , this shot of NGC 6302 , the Butterfly Nebula , is a jaw - dropper .
It 's a planetary nebula , the gas emitted from a star not unlike the Sun as it finally dies after billions of years .
The core of the star undergoes various paroxysms , and those are reflected in the outer layers , which expand and contract over millions of years .
A gust of material blows away from the dying star like a super solar wind , and as the star heats up the gas glows .
In this case -- in most cases , really -- the gas does n't expand in a sphere , but instead like an oblate spheroidal shell , like a beach ball someone is sitting on .
Faster material blows out the top and bottom of the shell , creating these vast , delicate - looking structures .
This image , taken with the newly installed Wide Field Camera 3 , shows hydrogen ( red ) , oxygen ( blue and green ) , helium ( blue - green ) , and nitrogen and sulfur ( also red ) in the gas .
Someday , about 6 billion years from now , our own Sun will undergo a similar transformation .
It may not be quite hot enough during the process to light up in such a dramatic and pretty way , but when I see images like this I often wonder if humans , or our nearest equivalent at the time , will be watching as it happens .
Hopefully they 'll be peering out the rear view window of their spaceships as they find another system to settle in .
Original Hubble news storyBA Blog postCredit : NASA , ESA , and the Hubble SM4 ERO Team
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
# 3 : Eternally Stargazing
I normally would n't associate Easter Island with astronomy .
Of course , the skies there must be incredibly dark ; located about 3000 km west of Chile in the Pacific Ocean , you might wonder how much more black the nights could be , and of course the answer is none .
None more black .
The island , called Rapa Nui by its inhabitants ( and yes , more than 3000 people live there ) , is most famous for its moai , or statues of heads ( and the model for Squidward 's house , of course ) .
When I was a kid , Easter Island was a big deal in the ancient astronauts nonsense , but even today as a hardened skeptic I see the mystical appeal of the statues .
All of them vaguely expressionless , staring upwards , and waiting , always waiting ...
And wait they have .
Carved over five centuries ago , they still sit on the island , motionless beneath the canopy of the sky above .
Posed this way , the moai Piro Piro was captured by the gifted astrophotographer Stéphane Guisard in this stunning image .
It 's truly marvelous : you can see the Large Magellanic Cloud ( one of several satellite galaxies orbiting the Milky Way ) to the right , the bright star Canopus to its lower left , and , on the other side of the moai , a rainbow .
But not just a rainbow : it 's a moonbow , using the Moon 's illumination instead of the Sun's .
Note too the clouds in the picture .
Normally that would spoil the view for an astrophotographer , but in this case they add to the moody atmosphere of the picture , compounding the ethereal feeling to the scene .
Original pageCredit : Stéphane Guisard , with permission .
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
# 2 : The Detail 's in the Devil
It 's easy to think of Mars as a dead world .
Cold , small , and dry , it seems unchanging through our telescopes .
Almost .
Mars has an atmosphere , though it's thin : about 1 % of Earth 's atmospheric pressure , it does n't seem capable of doing much .
But when you have a robotic probe like the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter and its 50 - cm resolution orbiting the Red Planet , you see far , far more , and learn that the air of Mars can create beauty .
The image above shows a region of Mars near its mid-lower northern latitudes .
It 's a close - up of the bed of a crater , and you can see the ripples of sand dunes , endemic on the Martian surface .
The sand is similar to beach sand here on Earth , but is dark in color because it 's made of basalt , a greyish rock .
Then why is Mars so red ?
It 's because of much finer - grain dust , which is reddish in hue .
The dust lies on top of the sand , making everything look red .
But then there 's that thin Martian air .
Rising heat from the plains can blow through cooler air above , forming vortices like mini-tornadoes called dust devils .
These then roll across the surface , picking up the lighter red dust but leaving behind the heavier , darker sand grains .
What remains , as seen from above , are these gorgeous swirls , the fingerprints of the geology and weather of Mars .
This image has a resolution of about a meter per pixel , and is only a half kilometer ( .3 miles ) across .
The detail in it is phenomenal !
It makes me wonder what it would look like to actually soar above the surface of Mars in a glider , tipped and tilted by the vagaries of the Martian winds .
But then , it probably looks just like this .
With less airsickness .
Original news story ( with muchly embiggened version ) BA Blog postCredit : NASA / JPL / University of Arizona
< PREVIOUSNEXT >
< PREVIOUS
And the number one Astronomy Picture of 2009 is ... < Drum roll > # 1 : That First Small Step
At first , you might think I 'm nuts .
But if you have n't seen this image before , take a good , close look .
See that shiny white thing in the upper left ?
That 's where humans first slipped the surly bonds of Earth , and walked on another world .
I was too young at the time for me to now remember Neil Armstrong stepping on the surface of the Moon in July , 1969 .
I do remember later missions , including watching from Cape Canaveral as Apollo 15 thundered off its launch pad .
The excitement of those times was palpable , and is still fresh in my mind all these years later .
Still , there 's nothing like seeing it again , and having all those memories pour back ...
And this image released the floodgate .
Taken by the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter , this high - resolution picture clearly shows the landing site of the Eagle , just a few meters from West Crater .
Large boulders and rubble are strewn to the left of the crater ; the very same debris that caused Armstrong to take control of the Lunar Module from the computer and find a safe , flat place to land .
He made it with mere seconds left in the fuel reserves , showing just why it 's sometimes critical to have a human at the wheel .
And there the lander sits , not even a half kilometer from certain destruction , showing how the history of humanity sometimes rests on a razor 's edge .
In the zoomed section of the image , you can see the lander , its four footpads , and even the darker material around it as the astronauts ' bootprints stirred the lunar dust for the first time in perhaps millions of years .
The arrow marks the position of the ladder affixed to the lander 's leg , the very place where Armstrong left the manmade vehicle and stepped into completely unknown territory .
For two and a half hours after that , two men from Earth scampered , played , measured , sampled , and photographed the environment , and in doing so drew a line right through history .
Forever more , there will be a time before humans walked on another world , and a time after .
And that , of course , is why I picked this image as my Top Astronomy Picture of 2009 .
It may not be the prettiest , but its import is inarguable .
This image reminds us of how far we 've gone , and when I look at it I 'm reminded of how far we have yet to go .
It 's been nearly 40 years since a human walked on the Moon , and if we want to set our sights even farther , we 'll still have to cover that old ground again before taking another giant leap .
Original news story BA Blog postCredit : NASA / GSFC / Arizona State University
< PREVIOUS
APPLE'S NEXT MOVE MISSES THE MARK
( FORTUNE Magazine ) – Let 's get this straight right away : Apple Computer did the wrong thing .
On December 20 , Apple announced that it would spend $ 400 million to purchase Steve Jobs 's company , Next Software .
The company said it would adopt Next 's NextStep operating system for future versions of the Macintosh computer .
Most of the commentary I 've seen about this decision is off the mark , especially the talk about Jobs coming back to save Apple .
That is sheer nonsense .
He wo n't be anywhere near the company .
People seem to have a real desire , perhaps even a need , to make excuses for Apple .
Everybody wants to find a way to justify what Apple did .
You can't justify it .
Apple did precisely the wrong thing .
Now the only future for the company is to get smaller and smaller until there 's nothing left .
In fact , the only sensible conversation to have about Apple is the one in which you argue about how long it will take to die .
( Before I go on , you should know that my venture capital partnership , New Enterprise Associates , has a big stake in Be , a computer company that Apple recently considered buying .
Instead , Apple bought Next .
NEA would have made many millions of dollars if Apple had purchased Be. Jilted by Apple , Be is now considered a company with a less - than - certain future .
NEA owned nothing of Next . )
Here are the two basic reasons why buying Next is the wrong move for Apple :
(1) For years , pundits have sat around and talked about why Apple needs a new operating system .
Next 's technology wo n't solve that problem .
The existing Macintosh system software does have some serious flaws .
It does n't manage memory very well , so programs tend to bang into one another easily .
The Macintosh operating system also makes connecting to the Internet a confusing process for nontechies -- at exactly the time when what those users want most is to connect to the Internet .
The NextStep operating system does these things pretty well , in large part because it is built on top of Unix , the preferred operating system of engineers .
But if Apple really wants to use Unix as the basis of the future Macintosh operating system , it could work with the version of Unix it licensed years ago for far , far less than $ 400 million .
Most engineers would agree that the version of Unix that Next uses is generally better at managing high - performance applications -- but it is still Unix .
Next reportedly brings in annual revenues of over $ 50 million , mostly from corporate clients attracted by a few things that NextStep does really well .
But these are not capabilities that make a big difference to Apple 's customers .
Apple sells to a totally different market segment -- end users , in schools , businesses , and homes .
It is very , very difficult to see how Apple will translate the value of Next 's software into something meaningful to its own customers .
(2) Anybody who knows Apple Computer knows that the company bought the wrong part of Next .
Next has two parts : the mess of software the company has licensed or developed since it was founded in 1985 , and Steve Jobs .
Apple has purchased the former .
According to the corporate spin , Apple will combine its
Next mess with its old mess of Macintosh software and turn the combination into a new , irresistible operating system ( code - named " Rhapsody " ) that will be found in products far more compelling than any existing Macintosh .
And Apple will accomplish this feat in a timely fashion , which would be a good thing given that Microsoft , Apple 's nemesis , delivers a new version of its Windows operating system every 30 months or so .
Unfortunately , Apple does not need more software .
It already has lots and lots of software , and most knowledgeable people in computing will tell you that the less software you have , the better .
What 's more , Apple has done an abysmal job at managing the stuff it already has , as evidenced by its inability to deliver Copland , which was for years supposed to be the next version of the Mac operating system .
Copland , say Apple , has now been supplanted by Rhapsody .
So Apple does n't need more software .
What Apple needs is a visionary who understands how to make really great software and who can provide the leadership to make that happen .
The best candidate might have been Steve Jobs , since he was the guy who browbeat the original Mac team into doing something truly important and historic back in 1984 .
But Jobs has spent most of the time since December 20 making it clear that he will not actually do anything for Apple once Apple 's purchase of Next is complete .
In other words , he 's going to take his money and run .
( There is something really cynical and possibly even disturbing about the founder of a company getting his revenge by taking advantage of the company when it is most vulnerable .
Jobs must know how bad a decision Apple has made by buying Next - - but he seems desperate to be released from his own bad decisions . )
Apple did get Avie Tevanian , a very smart guy with a long track record designing operating systems .
Tevanian is now the engineer in charge of Apple 's operating - system design .
But Apple needs someone at the top , at least on the executive committee if not in the CEO 's job .
Tevanian is two levels away from the CEO .
So the question remains : What should Apple have done ?
The essential problem that Apple has never been able to solve is how to transform promise into reality .
It never needed more rocket science .
What it needed were the basic skills of running a business -- like , say , making a decision to do something , and then actually getting everybody in the company to work toward that goal .
Instead , Apple developed a culture in which doing what is good for the customer , or for the company , is viewed as boring and irrelevant .
That 's how it has trained its customers to never believe anything Apple says .
John Sculley has admitted repeatedly that his biggest mistake as CEO was his inability to control Apple 's engineers .
In fact , no Apple CEO has come close to doing that .
This failure has nothing to do with the decisions that get all the press , such as whether to license the operating system or which microprocessor to use in the Mac .
It results from not knowing how to run a business for the benefit of customers and shareholders .
Personally , I had high hopes for the last CEO , Michael Spindler .
He was nicknamed " The Diesel " for being a tough , no -nonsense manager when he was running Apple Europe .
But not only did he fail to control the engineers , he failed at everything else as well .
I also had high hopes for the current CEO , Gil Amelio , who took over Apple nearly a year ago after turning around National Semiconductor with a commonsense approach .
There are signs that Amelio has begun to change Apple 's underlying culture by placing a premium on performance .
But executives still talk about how impossible it is to predict what will happen at Apple - - and about how hard it is to get employees to go along with the program .
And now Amelio has gone and bought Next .
Clearly , there is no one in the executive suite who knows how to translate a mess of software into something that will appeal to all those reasonably intelligent people who still want to buy from Apple .
The Be operating system , BeOS , is designed expressly for desktop - computer users -- in other words , for Apple customers .
But , according to some news reports , part of the reason Apple resisted paying $ 200 million to acquire
Be was that Amelio and his team were offended by Be CEO Jean - Louis Gassee , who asked for control over the development of Apple 's system software .
Is n't it ironic that even Apple 's newest leader resisted the very thing that Apple needs most : a visionary with total control over technology development , someone who could direct Apple to a product it could sell to more people , not fewer ?
You can take my pitch on Be and Gassee for what it 's worth .
But here 's the bottom line on Apple .
Apple has no visionary .
Apple has two big messes of software rather than one .
And I cannot see , for the life of me , what the Macintosh user gets out of the deal : Based on Apple 's track record , would you wait two years to find out whether Apple can turn the Nexintosh into something compelling ?
It takes a long time to kill an $ 11 - billion - a - year company .
Apple 's already down to around $ 8 billion a year .
I give it another three years , until the millennium , to fall the rest of the way to the ground .
STEWART ALSOP is a partner with New Enterprise Associates , a venture capital firm .
Except as mentioned in the column , neither he nor his partnership has financial interests in companies mentioned .
Alsop can be reached at stewart_alsop@fortunemail.com
REPORTER ASSOCIATE
Lixandra Urresta
DoctorMarysMonkey.com
Click here to see photos of “ The Hottest Cold Case in America . ”
Author ’s Blog Enter website
News and views Books and videos
Remember to click the RELOAD symbol on your browser to get the latest updates .
============================================================
Quotes from readers of Dr. Mary ’s Monkey
Listed by date - most recent first .
Comments may have been edited for brevity and clarity .
All quotes are from reviews posted on Amazon.com , unless noted otherwise .
Thank you for bringing light into darkness .
Laryssa
email to Author@DoctorMarysMonkey.com
1-13-2020
So well documented !
You must read this if you wonder where soft tissue cancer came from …
December 2 , 2019
Courageous expose on the inner workings of drug release …
Reality check on how " the good old days " were not as " good " as " the good old days . "
Excellent detail and annotation .
George Kimball
November 14 , 2019
The truth will set you free
Abbie Johnson
October 7 , 2019
Historical and Haunting .
Excellent investigative work .
We are living out the results of the medical research even now .
The political and medical characters mingled .
Truth is after all , stranger than fiction .
Paula D.
October 5 , 2019
Love the story !
Jim Garrison was not too far off with his investigation of the JFK thing .
September 13 , 2019
Read it , you 'll never be the same .
Dark Ops and the Kennedy story all together .
Behind the scenes look at the polio vaccine , it 's initial failure and deaths …
More about Simian Virus 40 contaminating polio vaccines inoculating millions …
Dean DeWitt
September 2 , 2019
A good , suspenseful narrative , supported by facts and references .
Betsey K
August 20 , 2019
I could n’t put this book down !
Excellent research and writing .
The author takes you through his lifetime of puzzle pieces and
creates a picture of reality that no one else has been able to .
Dana
August 3 , 2019
An absolute Must Read .
Edward Haslam 's account of events in New Orleans
exposes the evil underbelly of political power , the medical establishment ,
big pharma and the mob …
Millions of innocents are now paying the price
with the huge spike in soft tissue cancers and the aids epidemic …
Read it and weep as they say .
J. Hay
United Kingdom
July 8 , 2017
Down the Rabbit Hole of Mad Scienstists , Pillars of Society , and Lone Nut Assassins .
This can of worms would never be mentioned for the next forty years .
The question is who has these deadly viruses in their control now ?
History Buffy
United Kingdom
November 20 , 2014
Excellent read , a warning to people of the misdeeds done and
ignorance demonstrated by professionals and public alike
Jack Humphreys
United Kingdom
June 10 , 2016
Wow !
This was a very thought provoking and compelling book .
Sarah
08-17-18
Audible.com
I could n't put it down once I began reading .
Well researched and well written .
Fascinating page turner !
L. Baugh
August 15 , 2018
The ultimate lesson in “ trust but verify . ”
SherryAF
August 3 , 2018
Like I needed more to think about !
Over all a good read , well documented
Amazon Customer
July 27 , 2018
Great book .
Did n’t know all of this .
Wow
Pat Crawford
July 15 , 2018
Are you ready for the truth ?
A very good read !
It contains necessary information that is kept away from
textbooks , television , and other forms of media .
Akash Sandhu
July 13 , 2018
Great info for exposing the deep state , their lures and agenda !!!
Rebekah
July 7 , 2018
This is history that we should have been informed about in school .
Christine Buncic
July 4 , 2018
Very Informative !
This answers many questions about vaccines ,
the rise in cancer and illness , and the connection to the government .
Mblue
July 3 , 2018
Absolutely fascinating !
Could n't put it down .
JR in Texas
July 1 , 2018
Important information , good read , page turner .
Steven C Krueger
June 20 , 2018
Fascinating …
The author is a master at weaving conspiracy theories .
Frances
06-11-18
Audible.com
Although this is non-fiction , it is a real page turner
Jane Howard
June 11 , 2018
Scary info and a great murder mystery .
This book is well written and hard to put down .
R. Thomas
June 7 , 2018
I wish every person in the U.S. would read this book .
Once you begin reading this book you do n't want to put it down .
It 's alarming .
Read !
It !
Amazon Customer
May 25 , 2018
Riveting .
Asks some tantalizing questions …
Just Write Well
May 13 , 2018
Opens your eyes .
Life is stranger than fiction .
You wo n’t put this one down once you start it .
Serge A. Storms
May 5 , 2018
Very informative book .
Not recommended if you love animals .
Angelic Blend
May 5 , 2018
This was a fascinating book .
Disturbing as to it 's implications .
A book that every baby boomer needs to read .
George
May 4 , 2018
Another extraordinary contribution to the history of the JFK assassination …
It 's very well written , and its implications are chilling .
Siobhan
May 3 , 2018
A very interesting book .
Some shocking implications .
Mark B
April 25 , 2018
Best conspiracy book I ever read .
Bud Hill
April 15 , 2018
Must read !!!!!!
Unbelievable book !
Jaw dropping and well documented .
T. Owen
March 20 , 2018
A page flipper .
Dennis
March 12 , 2018
Good book .
Sara Mancuso
March 7 , 2018
The evil in the drug industry .
Marianne Dooley
February 22 , 2018
LOVED this book !
A thrilling book that I could n't put down !
All kinds of intrigue .
Non-fiction but as gripping as any novel I ’ve ever read in my life !
I wish every book I read was as well written and well researched as this one !
Happy in Paris
February 21 , 2018
FASCINATING !
I read it from library and wanted my own copy .
Loretta Miller
February 17 , 2018
Truly amazing book !
This book is outstanding , well - researched , and well - documented .
Thank you for your commitment to writing this story .
I continue to be horrified by its implications .
Kindle Customer
February 8 , 2018
Five Stars .
Could not put it down !
LA
February 3 , 2018
Very interesting book .
Cyndy Lindblad
February 3 , 2018
It 's a worldview changer .
This book was so much more interesting than I could have imagined .
Some parts had my jaw on the floor .
The whole story is gripping and
explains many things going wrong with our health and society .
a300 fo
February 2 , 2018
WOW , WHAT A BOOK .
Real life is better than fiction .
SHOCKING !!!!
This is a most interesting book that you need to read .
Then read Me and Lee .
I guarantee you that you will come away with a very much different opinion
of Lee Harvey Oswald to the point you may even believe he had nothing
to do with the JFK murder .
Seriously .
Gymbeaux
January 18 , 2018
It is by far one of the most tortuous books I have ever read .
Jennifer Swickard
January 11 , 2018
Great read .
Great story , everyone should be aware of what is really going on
in our government and in the healthcare system .
Kelcey Reina
December 31 , 2017
Five Stars .
Great book .
Amazon Customer
December 30 , 2017
Could not put it down .
Very good and thought provoking .
S.L. Yates
December 13 , 2017
Excellent book .
Everyone should read it .
Puts things in perspective .
kadades
December 4 , 2017
Interesting .
Good one
Louisiana Lady
October 21 , 2017
One of the keys to history .
Great book
Jesse
from Audible.com
October 18 , 2017
An incredible documentary - style book .
A must read for intrigue .
JART
October 18 , 2017
Great read !
Everyone should take the time to read this book .
Jeffrey J.
October 15 , 2017
Thought provoking … almost two books , biographical , literature combined
Linda L. Oliver
October 10 , 2017
Good investigation of unsolved murder .
A lot of well documented facts .
Roberto
October 10 , 2017
This is worth reading !
It names the names and documents …
These man -made germ warfare agents have lived on ,
and are now circulating in the population , causing cancer and death .
Russell Dobkins
October 8 , 2017
Oswald was involved with some very odd schemes and people
( high profile and low ) during his time in New Orleans
before the JFK assassination .
Very interesting !
Jeffrey Sandoz
October 1 , 2017
Excellent .
Worth a read by all .
Get to know a corrupt government .
Jeff
September 21 , 2017
Makes you think ...
If you read about Kennedy , read this .
The General
September 8 , 2017
Great read .
Monica
September 4 , 2017
Read this book .
It will open your eyes .
RK
September 1 , 2017
A real sleeper .
Well written , providing insights into the JFK cover up .
Gerald Sullivan
August 31 , 2017
A total gripper !!!
Politics , murder and corruption .
Outrageous , gripping manuscript .
Inexhaustible research …
Shocking and deplorable .
A life - altering book .
Barbie
August 28 , 2017
GOOD BOOK
ROGER BLEVINS
August 15 , 2017
Excellent .
Factual .
A must read for all ages !
Should be required in school .
sinnsinn
August 10 , 2017
Awesome book !!
Amazon Customer
August 9 , 2017
A real eye - opener .
Wow .
I could n't put this book down …
Very well researched .
I never bought into the JFK conspiracy theory before , but now want to read more .
BGH
August 6 , 2017
Great book !!!!
Extremely well researched …
Very eye opening .
This book should be read by everyone who took the Polio vaccine
back in the 50s and 60s .
See why we have a cancer epidemic far worse
than polio epidemic …
Many folks have suffered and died as a result .
Sharon M .
August 5 , 2017
A wonderfully researched book .
It is a real page turner .
Elaine Spencer
Aug. 2 , 2017
Down the rabbithole you 'll go .
I could not put it down .
Amazon Customer
July 21 , 2017
This is a MUST READ for every American !
It will scare the bejabbers out of you ... and it should !
Patricia Forster
July 15 , 2017
It will amaze you , it will shock you ,
and then you 'll say it 's one of the best books you 've ever read .
Barry A. Pagano
July 9 , 2017
Very Compelling !
I loved this book !
I was unaware of the New Orleans
secret lab and the contaminated polio vaccine .
I could n't stop reading !
Kindle Customer
July 8 , 2017
Great read !
Haslam crafts the true life characters and does n't jump to conclusions .
He makes sure he has proof for his story line .
Carol J. Wyant
June 21 , 2017
Absolutely incredible !
Ca n't go wrong !
Gavin Jeremiah
June 16 , 2017
Very interesting book .
Fabulous .
Must read , relates to JFK assassination .
Roy K. Sutherland
May 31 , 2017
Excellent reading .
Joseph Estrada
May 19 , 2017
This is one of the best audio books I 've listened to in several years .
Very logically constructed and presented .
Peter
Denton , TX , United States
May 18 , 2017
Nerve gripping .
Amazon Customer
May 15 , 2017
Five Stars .
Very thought provoking .
Claire F
April 24 , 2017
Five Stars .
A lot of information and an unsolved murder .
M. Dupree
April 20 , 2017
An important book for all generations ,
especially those who received the tainted Polio vaccine .
Farm boy
April 12 , 2017
Absolutely mind bending !
Very well and concisely written …
This will get under your skin and make it crawl .
Haslam has followed his destiny for which he was put on this Earth .
Jennifer
April 19 , 2017
Audible.com
WAKE UP !!!!!
Wake up to the ugly reality .
Or , just keep sticking your children and grand children and yourself .
Rick Cancilla
March 22 , 2017
Very informative .
Denial is not healthy , and every citizen needs to read this book .
Janie Stewart
March 1 , 2017
Reads better than any fictional murder mystery .
Important consequences for all of us .
Highly recommended .
Daniel Schlenger
February 21 , 2017
Very interesting book
What the American people do n't know !!
V. K. Duncan
February 15 , 2017
This is the story which every American should read .
A true and fascinating behind - the - scenes look at
the CIA ’s development of bio weapons .
R. Lee
February 9 , 2017
A must read ...
if you want to understand the connection of NOLA to the Kennedys
Andi
February 7 , 2017
Excellent book .
Paul
February 7 , 2017
Very interesting read .
Susan Buchanan
January 14 , 2017
Five Stars .
I LOVED IT !
Johnny Timms
January 10 , 2017
First , I love this book .
Second , take notes as you read .
Brettgirl
January 9 , 2017
Connecting the dots .
Very readable and eye opening .
Jeff L. Flynn
January 1 , 2017
Five Stars .
EXCELLENT
R. Lester
December 25 , 2016
This book touched my soul .
I experienced a flood of emotions while reading .
Deeply disturbing , but a necessary read .
Ubiquitous Style
December 18 , 2016
I have not heard or read a better one !
Erline S Perdue
December 12 , 2016
The best and most eye opening book I have read in a VERY long time .
Lisa P .
December 11 , 2016
Get this book right now !
I can't think of a way to to express how much you need
this book in your library .
Please just get it now
Linda
December 10 , 2016
Quite compelling and provokative .
Steve Gray
December 10 , 2016
This book ... will change the way you think about the 1960's ,
the Kennedy assassination , the CIA , and Lee Harvey Oswald .
It also shines light on the mysterious murder of Dr. Mary Sherman .
Whitney A. Masterson
December 10 , 2016
Excellent book , could n't put it down .
Opened my eyes to past years and the government .
Amazon Customer
December 9 , 2016
Just freaking awesome .
Fun .
Speed Racer
December 6 , 2016
Broaden your view !
A great book that really pieces facts together providing a legitimate claim !
Too bad the media is crooked and the government is n't going to expose itself .
Wake - up Americans !
Amazon Customer
December 2 , 2016
Super true mystery ...
This is an extremely interesting book with real amusing people and true mysteries .....
Dash
November 30 , 2016
Amazing the stuff that goes on behind the backs of Americans .
Inoculating millions of people around the world with a tainted vaccine
known to have live monkey viruses in it is almost beyond belief .
James Lancaster
November 27 , 2016
Totally cool book .
I grew up in New Orleans and used to hear my friend ’s father
talk about this stuff .
We thought he was BS 'ing us .
Great read and great info .
Thomas Smith
November 23 , 2016
This is a riveting story .
The author does a wonderful job
introducing us to the people who were involved in one of the
largest government coverups of all time .
Pat ’s Cats
November 15 , 2016
PLEASE read this !
The truth is out about the dangers of vaccines .
The history is clear .
Smoke , mirrors and lies are their game .
Tilly
November 6 , 2016
Excellent and shocking at the same time .
An eye opener with facts to back it all up and areas
where you must decide .
I felt the author did a great job
leaving it up to you .
Gwen Burnell
November 4 , 2016
Fascinating read .
What a page turner !
Lots of speculations made but nothing asserted
unless backed by very solid and convincing documentation .
Highly recommended
Ayo
October 24 , 2016
" oh , what a tangled web we weave . "
The untold stories behind so many problems ...
the seedy side of political manipulation ...
desperate attempts to maintain an air of infallibility .
Timothy Page
Audible.com
09-24-16
Could n't put it down .
This book exceeds conspiracy theories
and goes into fascinating detailed facts about the medical establishment
in the 50's - 60's .
Redhidari
Audible.com
09-08-16
Dr. Mary 's
Monkey does a great job of simply describing events and projects
that were associated with the JFK assassination ...
Provides fascinating insight
into the secrets that were playing out in New Orleans in the early 1960s .
Stephanie C. Fox
September 4 , 2016
An incredible read .
Helps put the pieces of the puzzle together
Mave111
September 2 , 2016
Conspiracy Theorist 's Dream Book .
Fascinating stuff .
If you 're a conspiracy theorist , this is for you !
Island Girl
August 26 , 2016
It was amazing .
Fascinating !
Love a good " conspiracy theory " book .
The author does his homework , and his perspective makes a lot of sense .
Kelly
Goodreads.com
Aug 26 , 2016
This book will make you stop and think .
What I liked about this book is that it was thorough and well researched .
This book adds to the landscape of understanding why we might have
man -made medical epidemics and pandemics .
It is mind - boggling .
Lynn M. Griesemer
August 25 , 2016
Great book which covers different historical topics .
Vince Albanov
August 24 , 2016
Eye opener .. now a lot more make sense .
Amazon Customer
August 20 , 2016
Excellent book .
Five Stars .
Amazon Customer
August 19 , 2016
Very interesting book !
Haterade
August 9 , 2016
Intriguing mystery and great research .
Recommended reading for anyone who wishes
to know the truth about our government and medical profession .
Elwin R. Roach
August 3 , 2016
I 've read a lot of books regarding the JFK assassination .
This was , by far , the best and most informative !
Lois O
July 24 , 2016
It was amazing .
This is a very eye opening book .
I 'd say if you do n't want your comfortable illusions blown , avoid this book .
I 'm still haunted by this book ’s revaluations .
Violet Trout
Jul 21 , 2016
Unique storyline .
Very interesting reading .
Actually makes a lot of sense ...
Kathleen Ziemer
July 15 , 2016
Great , thanks .
Five Stars .
Glenda Parks
July 14 , 2016
Fascinating read .
The CDC and NHI connections with Tulane
and Loyola are mind expanding without the drugs .
Timothy Desmond
July 5 , 2016
Awesome read .
Five Stars .
Huong Tran
June 27 , 2016
Great read .
Five Stars .
Phyllis
June 22 , 2016
It was amazing .
Should be a required read for all Americans ,
especially those interested in recent history .
It was amazing
the way the lives of people are interwoven into the fabric of
society , without their knowledge for decades .
Karen Defreitas
Goodreads.com
June 21 , 2016
I 'm a scientist ( physicist ) myself and found this account fascinating .
Excellent and well - documented .
I appreciated the footnotes
and sources , as well as his understated writing style .
A sober narrative ,
not sensationalist , but disturbing in its implications .
Mr. Haslam seems
to have been uniquely positioned to do the research and write this book .
Swannee Herrmann
June 19 , 2016
Although this is a non fiction book , I could n't put it down .
Marilee Wedgeworth
June 17 , 2016
Dr. Mary ’s Monkey is a compelling , provocative , and well written .
Unfortunately , the story is a strong indictment of how far
the United States has fallen since World War II .
Medical ethics
have been thrown out like a pair of old worn out shoes .
Mr. Haslam did an excellent job in piecing the puzzle together
of the unsolved murder of a world renowned cancer researcher
in New Orleans , Dr. Mary Sherman .
Well done !
Anonymous
Apex , NC , US
Audible.com
06-14-16
Interesting , especially if you live in New Orleans
Michelle Gorney
June 11 , 2016
Excellent read , a warning to people of the misdeeds done
and ignorance demonstrated by professionals and public alike .
J. Heptonstall , UK
10 June 2016
Very interesting and scary at the same time .
Ena M. Joneson
June 8 , 2016
Excellent book !
Add it to your collection !
Years and years of dedicated research has been presented in a great read .
Learn about the New Orleans mystery and the connection to Lee Harvey Oswald .
L. Sacchetta
Canada
May 29 , 2016
I could not put this book down .
This is a must read for all !
Olga Guerra
May 28 , 2016
A must read for baby boomers .
He ties it all together in a nice neat package .
Sondra Edler
May 27 , 2016
So informative .
Five Stars .
V. E. Hansen
May 18 , 2016
Great read .
Five Stars .
John V. Richey
May 15 , 2016
Your dogmatic commitment to the truth shines
the bright light of truth on a dark evil part
of our history .
Thank You .
Gary
May 13 , 2016
Not just JFK theory .
If you 're interested in early vaccine and cancer research ,
this is a must read .
Everything else in this book
is fascinating , as well .
Enjoy !
Miss Amanda
May 8 , 2016
Excellent book and information !!
If people only knew ...
Elizabeth
April 28 , 2016
This was an awesome read .
One of those
" behind the scenes " historical events you never hear about .
Patricia Gorges
April 24 , 2016
When everything CLICKED at the end ,
I thought , “ Read it again ! ” Can't wait !!!
Holly
04-14-16
posted on Audible.com
A massively impressive journalistic undertaking .
Greg Carlwood
Apr. 14 , 2016
talk - show host : The Higherside Chat
Great book .
Really makes you wonder about our government
and their ability to cover things up and sway public opinion .
Amazon Customer
April 5 , 2016
Very , very interesting .
I enjoyed it .
Gayle T. Ham
March 31 , 2016
Definitely a book everyone should read .
Amazon Customer
March 27 , 2016
Proof positive that the government is behind
much of the current cancer epidemic
Thomas Jefferson
March 24 , 2016
Every American should read this book .
Phyllis Martin
March 21 , 2016
Outstanding read !
Our government is beyond corrupt .
Their actions then and now are indefensible .
Geekykate
March 18 , 2016
" Wow ! "
What else can you say ?
“ Wow ” about Lee Oswald !
“ Wow ” about cancer mutations !
“ Wow ” about our government !
Betty Higbie
Anchorage Alaska
03-16-16
posted on Audible.com
Shocking ...
I do n't know where to begin .
Have an open mind and read this !
Tell everyone you know to read this .
Scary , scary , scary !
A. Dulude
March 3 , 2016
Ed Haslam is the BEST !!!..
Excellent writer and researcher ,
sourced and first hand knowledge .
He has exposed information
EVERYONE must know .
I have bought at least 7 copies , keep some
and give others away to interested parties .
I plan to continue to spread
this very important information .
Stacey
March 1 , 2016
Are we the " Monkey 's " now ?
Extremely well researched / documented and written book .
This book re-emphasises just how significant an event the
assassination of JFK was and how , even in 2016 , we are all
still living with the consequences of that tragic day .
Thomas Nehrmann
February 28 , 2016
Be sure to read Mary 's Monkey .
This is an eye opener .
This is not fiction .
Carol M .
February 22 , 2016
Wow !
What a terrifying story .
And it is all true .
You will know it if you read it .
Great work , Edward Haslam !
Richard Matthews
February 17 , 2016
This book seems to easily fit as one of the most important books
on the outskirts of the Kennedy assassination .
The medical cover up
is so appalling , I can not do justice describing it here .
But the
ramifications are so bad , you could be angered just reading it .
Jason K. Woodburn
02-09-16
posted on Audible.com
Must read to understand our loss of freedoms and rights .
Makes me shudder to know how far down the rabbit hole
we have fallen in the 50 years since this travesty .
Barry Lowe
LIBERTY , NC , US
02-05-16
posted on Audible.com
Excellent .
Well researched .
Five stars .
Ken Harris
February 2 , 2016
A great book for any American to read .
Thank you Edward T .
for your diligence and hard work , as well as your great spirit
in the search for truth .
I am sure Dr. Mary is proud of you .
Amazon Customer
January 27 , 2016
Holy Cow !
Very enlightening .
Should be required reading
for those who endorse mandatory vaccinations .
jg
January 21 , 2016
This book is solidly researched , and skeptical at every turn .
You 'd have to be blind , or brainwashed , not to come away
with a slice of the truth from this book .
WriteOrWrong
January 16 , 2016
New Orleans Uncovered !
Eye opening !
Well written and documented by an author who was there !
ANTHONY L
January 16 , 2016
Five Stars .
Interesting angled story .
Kurt J. Wilhelmon
January 16 , 2016
Five Stars .
Fantastic read .
Really makes you ponder on the events of that time
Midnight Oak , UK
10 January 2016
Five Stars .
Excellent .
V. Trapp
January 5 , 2016
One of the best books I have ever read !
Truly an eye opener !
I would recommend !
Amazon Customer , UK
23 December 2015
Love the book .
Five Stars .
Linda Schreck
December 23 , 2015
Have been wanting to read this book for a very long time .
Now that I have , I am drawn into the conspiracy .
When I was given the polio vaccine in Canada back in 1956 or so ,
I did not swallow it .
From reading this book , I am glad I spit it out .
When my brother got cancer , I wondered if he had swallowed it
Miriam Matthews
December 18 , 2015
Interesting book !
Five Stars .
Lilyanne F. Clark
December 14 , 2015
Remarkable book .
Could n't stop until it was done .
Truly epic rollercoaster of political and scientific facts ...
This book is a must read .
Krissy
December 12 , 2015
posted on Audible.com
A fascinating tale that ties together the Mafia , CIA , NIH , and
secretly weaponized cancer with Lee Harvey Oswald and many
other true heavies ...
Maybe Alex Jones is right , and
the answer to 1984 is 1776 !
Virgil Cane
December 10 , 2015
This well - written book is a real page - turner .
It reads almost like a spy novel ...
A gripping thriller ...
Violet Bunny
December 6 , 2015
Great book .
What on earth are we going to do
to prevent things like this from ever happening again ?
Steven D Frahm
Royal Oak , MI
11-12-15
An on - the - edge - of - your - seat read .
Fascinating raw truth which carries a sadness of special value .
Jean Crone
November 10 , 2015
Five Stars .
Exhilarating
Amazon Customer
November 7 , 2015
So many historical people involved in this " what if " novel
you ’ll be left wondering about history and health since the early 1950's
Terry G Box DDS
November 5 , 2015
Excellent information .
Well written .
And must read for all people that love President Kennedy
and wonder why we have so much cancer in America today .
Kindle Customer
November 3 , 2015
Five Stars .
Loved it !
Fan
October 28 , 2015
Well thought out , well researched , eye opening discussion
of research in America
Judy Noel
October 28 , 2015
An interesting book about the times of JFK 's demise , and
about Lee Harvey Oswald and what other scientists were doing .
Too bad about Dr. Mary and how she was electrocuted .
Good book .
Roy Routson
October 27 , 2015
Brilliant .
Full of twist and turns .
Could n’t put it down .
Bonita W .
October 27 , 2015
Keep an Open Mind .
Very thought provoking and interesting read .
Lucy Hilton
October 26 , 2015
Very good , it 's a gift .
Five Stars .
Edward F Moran
October 21 , 2015
Haslam takes a wrecking ball to the official version of events .
The presentation is quite dispassionate , and the lineup of
incongruous factual evidence that can't be reconciled with
the official version of events is voluminous .
Amazon Customer , UK
20 October 2015
This book will anger you and make you sick ,
if you know nothing about the corruption of our government
and medical field .
Eye opening and terrifying for those
not afraid to know the truth !
Maya D Gilbert
October 19 , 2015
Reading " Dr. Mary 's Monkey " is like playing a mental game of " Twister " .
Lorenzo St. DuBois
October 17 , 2015
EYE OPENING !!!
Ron Nowviskie
October 11 , 2015
Definitely worth reading !!
Mary J Davis
October 11 , 2015
Gripping , well written and fascinating ...
It 's so interesting .
Full of unanswered questions bound together
through people and events , Haslam 's clear telling of really
complicated events and intricate relationships is gripping .
Mazcon , UK
9 October 2015
Excellent , excellent book !
A Great Read .
The older I get , the less I am amazed .
After retiring from
the Dept of Defense , I learned the gov’t is a dirty business .
So sad .
BAB
October 9 , 2015
Polio , Castro , JFK , Lee Oswald , et al
This is an insanely compelling convergence of some of the
most riveting and yet arcane episodes of our generation ( boomers ) .
It 's hard to put down and is extremely well researched and documented .
Draw your own conclusions , but it does n't leave many options .
Bart G. Ramentas
October 6 , 2015
SV40 Monkey Virus AKA Boomer Cancer
Great book .
Story well told .
Just wish I had more time
to read about what really happened in our ( America 's ) past
and why we are paying for it now .
M. Rapp
October 2 , 2015
The truth is finally revealing itself !!!!!!!!!!!!
The consequences of those truths are being felt
worldwide today and will continue into the future .
Amazon Customer
posted on Audible.com
October 1 , 2015
Five Stars .
Re mark able true story with many
interesting ( some horrifying ) side links !
Alien Grandma
September 25 , 2015
I have listened to your Dr. Mary 's Monkey audiobook 4 times .
It is a brilliant piece of scholarly work .
I get something
different and deeper each time I hear the book .
Audrey Muehe , Ph.D. , Neuropsychology
Houston , TX
September 18 , 2015
Must Read !
Everyone should read this book .
It explains so much .
Mary Margaret Siegmund
September 9 , 2015
A really great book .
Most shocking things to learn from this book .
Yue Li
August 31 , 2015
Great Read if You Want to Know Inside Connections
to Cancer and the CIA assassination of JFK .
T Shendon
August 24 , 2015
It ’s a great book .
I could n’t put it down .
Rob McConnel
X Zone Radio host
Ontario , Canada
August 19 , 2015
Shocking truth .
I am amazed , shocked and stunned
that this book is n't on everyone 's lips .
It makes my mind boggle
that nothing is said in the mainstream media about this book .
Blain
August 14 , 2015
Excellent riveting read .
Miss M Brown
United Kingdom
14 August 2015
One of the greatest true crime books of all time .
Richie Allen
radio talk show host
Manchester , England , UK
August 5 , 2015
What an amazing book - great work !
Thanks for writing such
a crucial and inspiring book .
It has really lit a fire under me .
You 've done society a great service and produced a hell of a read !
Rob Florence , author , filmmaker
New Orleans , LA
email to Author@DoctorMarysMonkey.com
posted July 10 , 2015
This is a fantastical , wild story of real events that are
laced with murder , conspiracy , biological weaponizing of disease ,
and a new JFK assassination theory .
It is the well woven epic of
Mr. Haslam 's theories derived from events which he observed
over the course of his life ...
Carmelita R. Ave
July 9 , 2015
The conspiracy kooks have been right all along .
George McRaeon
July 9 , 2015
A must read !!
I loaned it out and never got it back .
Wonderful book .
Explains a lot about many things .
Cancer and the assassination of President Kennedy .
Terri LD
July 8 , 2015
OMG .
Intriguing .
Danita Thompson
July 4 , 2015
Purely evil to the core .
It answers a multitude of questions ...
to reveal treason / treachery and lack of character / honor .
paschn " pete "
June 20 , 2015
The best non fiction book I have ever read .
I have recommended it to dozens of friends
who all report back that it was one of the best
books they had ever read .
This book has it all .
A book that one cannot put down
Jeff A. Absher
June 19 , 2015
Five Stars .
Good read .
Myra
June 14 , 2015
Intriguing read .
Did this truly happen ?
If so ,
how can we trust anything the government is telling us ?
The statistics presented have profound indications .
Becky Whitman
June 7 , 2015
Very interesting !
Five Stars .
Beth J Vincent
June 3 , 2015
This book will blow your mind .
It is a page turner from the start .
The writer takes a methodical approach to a murder mystery and
in the process , pulls up a bunch of rocks with ' bugs ' underneath .
Percy Blakeney " ScarletPimpernel "
May 30 , 2015
Fascinating !!!
The author takes you on an easy read of the events ...
I highly recommend this book ... thanks for an intensive , exciting read !!!
Anona Fosbergon
May 30 , 2015
Great book .
Very eye opening .
Five Stars .
Brandy Kinney
May 30 , 2015
Fantastic read , cover to cover !
Five Stars .
Ray H .
May 22 , 2015
I loved this book , and I hated it .
I wanted to scream in frustration
and anger , not at the author - at this country !
I heard it twice and
bought the hard copy for underlining and mark ing relevant passages .
Be prepared to have a major paradigm shift .
Everyone should read this book !
Cindy
Leesburg , FL , USA
written on Audible.com , 08-24 - 14 , posted here May 18 , 2015
Amazingly thorough book with lots of sources to back up
the information provided .
Much of the information in the book
came as a complete surprise , and although it seemed far fetched
at a glance , the author was very thorough in connecting all the dots .
Another Amazoner
May 12 , 2015
Incredible True Story That Reads Like a Thriller .
A soberly researched , carefully considered and convincingly written
true story that takes you on a wild ride that keeps surprising , educating
and thrilling you with every new chapter .
This is a singularly fascinating
and scholarly work of investigative journalism that will change how you think
about a LOT of things .
Dave
Glenview , IL , United States
4-27-15
posted on Audible.com
Mindblowing .
It 's like riding a runaway freight train .
The story is amazing , and the read is excellent .
Kevin
Framingham , MA , United States
posted on Audible.com
You have done humanity a great service by writing this .
Helene , Vienna , Austria
email to author@DoctorMarysMonkey.com
April 30 , 2015
Very Interesting !
The writer did a great job
keeping my interest .
I could n't put this book down .
Painterb
April 25 , 2015
Enlightening and very well structured .
Why are we in the midst of a cancer epidemic ?
I highly recommend this book to everyone I know .
Amazon Customer
April 21 , 2015
I thought this was one of the most captivating and memorable books
I 've read in a long time ...
I could n't put this book down until I finished .
J reader
April 20 , 2015
Eye opening view of research in the medical world .
Helen Harden
April 19 , 2015
WOW !
Fantastic read .
Ferenie
April 12 , 2015
An eye opener !
Very interesting information of events
that happened around the time of JFK 's murder .
SV 40 changed
thousands and thousands of lives .
And many have no idea !
dotlar
April 10 , 2015
Dr. Mary 's Monkey is a mandatory read !!
Very well written and documented ...
This is a must - read especially
for those born in the late 40's and 50's .
You 've been lied to !!
Robert S.
April 9 , 2015
Really Good Book !
Meticulously written and VERY well researched .
I really do believe Ed Haslam solved this gruesome murder
where the NOPD either could not or would not solve it ...
K. Dimmick
April 7 , 2015
Excellent read .
This should do much to open the eyes
of the American public as to who really did murder the President .
M. Paul Regan
April 5 , 2015
What a story .
Really gets you thinking .
Very compelling and kinda scary , too .
Ron Wetsel
Apr 03 , 2015
Goodreads.com
A well illustrated amazing account of a dark side of Sixties America .
Shocking occult events in his hometown .
3 April 2015
Peter Haggarty
U.K .
Wow - what a book !
Ca n’t get more intresting .
Vidar Gustadon
March 29 , 2015
You will probably not look at the news ever again the same way .
Great book .
Easy to read , and I know quite a few others who rarely finish books
these days who read it quickly and enjoyed it just as much .
We do n't usually all agree
on anything when it comes to books either , but in this case , we all loved it .
Colorgirl
TOP 1000 REVIEWER on Amazon.com
March 23 , 2015
Provocative subject .
If author ’s conclusion about contaminated
polio vaccines causing a subsequent cancer epidemic is true ,
this would blow the roof off health care practice in this country .
Clayton W. Robson
March 20 , 2015
Interesting read .
HawkeyeIaAk
March 20 , 2015
The author did an excellent job at combining the technical information
and a story line together in this book .
Another fascinating example of why
we need to be careful about trusting implicitly medical decisions .
Stacey M. Asby
March 20 , 2015
Dr. Mary 's Monkey is a must read for all .
Five stars .
March 20 , 2015
Tim Higgins
Excellent true story about something and someone I had never heard of !
March 19 , 2015
Amazon Customer
GET IT .
READ IT .
Amazing .
I was shocked at the facts in this book .
It was a great read , and I have shared it with many friends .
March 18 , 2015
Ardys Goodine
Very intriguing !
March 14 , 2015
karen
Loved this book .
Could not put it down .
Learnt a lot , that not all is how it seems ..
Amazon Customer
Australia
March 17 , 2015
Very thought provoking !
I could n't put it down !
March 13 , 2015
Irma Easley
Kentwood , Louisiana USA
Good book .
Tells a story never heard before .
Is this the reason for a cancer epidemic in the USA ?
March 12 , 2015
Julius Wilson " Bodhitree "
Bogalusa , LA USA
As promised - Five Stars .
March 11 , 2015
rkelley
Great read .
Excellent details .
Fact based book .
Louisiana harbors a whole bunch of secrets ...
March 10 , 2015
Ross
Covington , LA USA
A most important book , especially today .
Anyone who appreciates
Truth will appreciate this book
and find it difficult to put down .
Trust me you will NOT
be disappointed .
This one was indeed inspired .
March 8 , 2015
David B. Kurrasch
San Juan Capistrano , CA USA
Fascinating reading !!
February 28 , 2015
Barbara Noll
This was a very good book .
I never lost interest throughout the chapters ...
February 23 , 2015
Reader # 1
Every American needs to read this book .
Period .
February 21 , 2015
Julia Hopkins
This was a great read .
If Haslam 's conclusions are correct , he 's uncovered another layer
to the assassination conspiracy - a covert bioweapons program .
He draws many fascinating connections among people and places
in anti-Castro New Orleans .
All in all , it was time well spent ...
February 19 , 2015
Angel
Mysterious underground lab in New Orleans .
I gave this book a high rating .
Anyone interested in learning how
Dr. Mary Sherman died will enjoy this highly researched book .
February 16 , 2015
Kindle Customer
Louisiana
Can NOT wait for the movie ...
If ever a story needed to be told , it is this one .
If you THINK you are being told the truth regarding vaccines
from the powers to be , you better read this book .
Great graphics , and this edition has an updated chapter .
February 13 , 2015
Trish
GREAT READ .
Opens new questions about the JFK assassination ...
A well researched and documented account of relevant facts ...
February 8 , 2015
Paul Gibbs
Good read .
February 8 , 2015
Daniel R. Heim
New Orleans
Very interesting .
February 3 , 2015
Deborah A .
Anyone remember Jim Garrison of New Orleans ?
If so , you will want to read this book !
Thanks so much , Ed , for " filling in some of the obvious gaps "
in the mysteries surrounding the Kennedy assassination .
January 30 , 2015
Albert B. Duckett
Ocean Springs , MS USA
A great read .
This book raises a great many questions , but the facts quoted
certainly make it interesting from the first page to the last .
January 28 , 2015
Clement Schrader
WOW ...
This book will blow your mind .
It is a non-fiction account of the animal virus's
that are injected into us through vaccines .
January 26 , 2015
Jason Sadler
PALM DESERT , CA , US
It 's been about 3 years since I 've read this , so I 'm going to read it again .
I see at the top of the title page of my copy that I had written :
" Disturbing .
Fascinating .
Infuriating . "
Thank You , Ed Haslam
for all the research and for writing this book !
January 22 , 2015
S. B. Smith
Texas
Five Stars .
Very intense story .
Much new information on the period and its activities .
January 20 , 2015
Carolyn R. Patton
Baton Rouge , LA
Five Stars , excellent .
Well worth a read if you really want to know the truth on cancer .
January 19 , 2015
Debbie Meyer
Very good book .
Lots of information I did n't know .
I 've read many books on the JFK assassination , but
now I know our government is way too frightening
January 18 , 2015
Jesse
United States
I could not put this down !
This is a riveting book about the connections between the death
of this prominent New Orleans doctor , the Kennedy Assassination ,
and the plot to kill Castro with cancer causing viruses .
It connects
a lot of the dots that Jim Garrison missed during the Clay Shaw trial .
January 15 , 2015
Ben Johnson
New Orleans , LA
This is a extremely fascinating book !!!!
I 've read it before , but now I have the new hardback with
new information added .
It 's very hard to put down !!
Jan 10 , 2015
Barbara rated it 5 of 5 stars
on GoodReads.com
An excellent read , that is a real eye - opener into the scary possibility
that our government does n't have our best interests in mind .
January 4 , 2015
Jack M .
Great story with a very plausible tale .
January 1 , 2015
Allen Sprinkle , DDS
Just an incredible book and story .
December 30 , 2014
SJV
Finally there is a book written that neatly ties up so many
loose ends for me .
Easier to read than I had imagined ...
December 29 , 2014
George M .
A must read !
Everyone is talking about this book .
Gave a copy to my son - in - law that is a doctor - he will enjoy .
December 26 , 2014
Gary Sandifer
Well written .
Well researched .
You wo n't look at the
US government , news media and secret organizations
the same after reading this book .
December 24 , 2014
Scott
Amazon.ca
Just when I thought things could n't get any stranger
with the JFK assassination theories , I read this book ...
This is a rock solid book which benefits from author
Edward Haslam 's many years of patient , painstaking research
and actual experiences growing up and living in New Orleans .
December 9 , 2014
Jeff Marzano
Essex Junction , VT USA
All I can say is WOW !
December 7 , 2014
Sally RNRRT
GREAT READ !
FACTS REFERENCED
December 5 , 2014
R. L. Underhill
Champlin , MN United States
This is an astonishing book which should have received
far more media attention .
The writing is as engaging
as that of any murder mystery , but the ramifications
of the documented facts presented are stunning and
world view changing .
December 1 , 2014
William Galison
New York
Gives a richer context to the New Orleans aspect
of the JFK assassination .
Must read for all Americans
that seek to regain their true history .
November 29 , 2014
John Conlon
If you ever have questions about " why things are the way they are , "
get this book .
You 'll learn more than you want to .
November 27 , 2014
C. Sanders
Arkansas
Everyone in America needs to read this book .
November 2 , 2014
T.B .
A great read !
October 31 , 2014
Vicki Smith
I could not put this book down !
Very intriguing .
October 31 , 2014
Stephanie Lee
Great book ...
I ’m a happy customer !!
October 28 , 2014
Haydee
Interesting , as well as frightening !
October 27 , 2014
Happy
Cancer and the Kennedy assassination ?
Very believable research and information .
This book will keep you interested and get you thinking .
When I finished , I found myself doing a lot of research and
found a lot of support for the author 's positions .
October 22 , 2014
J Wight
Five Stars .
Interesting !
October 19 , 2014
Roger C. Brown
Great read with some interesting information .
This is an interesting book if you want to know more
about what happened to J F Kennedy .
October 19 , 2014
Vickie L. Williams
Sure makes you think and wonder what else we are n't being told .
October 17 , 2014
B Smith
Five Stars .
Great .
October 17 , 2014
Jim Hennings
I enjoyed reading this publication , not so much for the horrible things
I 've learned about some elements that my government is responsible
for , but rather to hold them accountable .
It has to happen for this
country to heal .
This is where Edward T. Haslam and his
outstanding work comes into play .
I most strongly
recommend this astonishing publication .
October 16 , 2014
James McDonald
San Diego , CA
Book was exactly as pictured .
Good shape .
October 15 , 2014
Ruth McCall
After reading it , you will find it credible .
The combination of ingredients sound so improbable
and yet far too many aspects of the story simply cannot be dismissed .
October 15 , 2014
Pat H .
Although written very intelligently , possibly too over my head .
October 12 , 2014
Carol Ann Horned
Springfield , MO
A revealing account of clandestine activities by federally
sponsored persons which resulted in the demise of Dr Mary
and several others .
It is well researched and documented ; a must read ...
October 10 , 2014
R. Martineau
Plymouth , MI USA
Read it .
Really good book .
October 8 , 2014
Sandinista Death Squad
Death Valley , CA
Five Stars .
Could n't put the book down !
Disturbing insight to how some of the government agencies operate .
October 7 , 2014
Spilk
Great read !
Since I live in New Orleans , I was attentive
to the situation while it was happening .
Great read !
October 7 , 2014
Kindle Customer
New Orleans , LA USA
Well - written and thought provoking .
October 6 , 2014
Winifred J. Jones
A friend who worked with Dr. Mary recommended it ,
and said she totally believes in its authenticity .
Extremely interesting eye - opener , especially for a
New Orleanian like me .
October 5 , 2014
Running Bear
New Orleans
Five Stars .
Excellent .
October 5 , 2014
Hugh MacMillen
Excellent food for thought .
As crazy as it sounds , Haslam 's account of contaminated polio
vaccines , a biological weapon , and the Kennedy assassination
are both fascinating and plausible .
October 4 , 2014
Ann B. Austin
McKinney , TX
As a native New Orleanian , it 's a fascinating read .
Opened my eyes as to the other facets of our city
that were involved in an important time for our nation
and the world .
I encourage anyone to read it .
October 1 , 2014
Mulein '
I ’m glad that I bought it ; it ’s a very good read .
I enjoyed the suspense and mystery .
Hope to meet the author .
A lot of dark secrets coming to light ...
Do n't give up , Ed. Keep going ... I loved the book .
October 1 , 2014
Randy Alcantar
A fascinating read , many revelations never known or published .
The news of that era did not connect the characters , nor
did they report the facts .
October 1 , 2014
Dawn Long
Intriguing .
An interesting read for history enthusiasts .
September 28 , 2014
Ronald G.
An Eye Opener .
Dr. Mary 's Monkey is a book that will change
one 's view of many subjects : polio vaccine , Mary Sherman 's death ,
bio-medical research , and the Kennedy assassination .
It 's quite a read ,
and paired with Lee & Me by Judyth Vary Baker will show you
a new view of American history .
September 25 , 2014
Anita T. Monroe
Clemson , SC
Love it !
I love this book .
September 24 , 2014
mrbrown4559
Ann Arbor , MI
Very good read !
Shows connections of which most of us had n't a clue .
Connects the dots to explain out how JFK , Mary , Lee harvey Oswald ,
CIA , Mafia and others paths crossed !
September 23 , 2014
Gil
Roy , Utah
Amazing story .
This is an amazing collection of substantiated facts .
It answers many questions that exist today surrounding the death of
President Kennedy .
I highly recommend this book .
September 20 , 2014
JKG
REALLY , really , really good !
This book needs more visibility .
It speaks to the way creepy idealist fanatics , with the covert and
often overt participation of our government , manipulates events
for the gain of individuals feigning patriotism .
Sean Fraser
September 19 , 2014
A Bombshell of a Book .
If you think that you have
a good understanding of the last fifty years or so ,
you are in for a big surprise .
The polio epidemic , the Kennedy assassination , the unexplained
death of one of the nation 's most prominent cancer researchers ,
the Mongoose Project , the cancer epidemic , the attempts on Castro 's life –
all are linked in ways you never expected .
Buckle your seat belt ; it 's going to be a bumpy ride .
18 Sep 2014
Anita T. Monroe
Clemson , SC
posted on Amazon.co.uk
Must - read .
Terrifying .
And not in a science - fiction way !
September 18 , 2014
Cindy Semenik " ubu "
Florida
The author takes the reader through the twists and turns
and leads them home again , leaving one breathless !
If there was or is any conspiracy in the death of John F. Kennedy ,
Haslam has pointed the best finger at it yet .
Great read , that raises the hair on the back of your neck !
September 15 , 2014
Steve Cooper
Great book !!!
Read this book in one night .
Could n't put it down .
When I was finished , I felt like someone punched me in the gut ...
September 11 , 2014
Amazon Customer
Excellent Book .
September 9 , 2014
C. Dhanak " Swordfish "
Fullerton , CA
One is struck by Ed Haslam 's strict adherence to scientific
level inquiry whenever possible .
A story that has the ring of
truth and much historical significance .
September 8 , 2014
Paul Connors
St louis , MO
Incredible .
Disturbing .
So weird it 's probably true !
We like to think history is guided by the strong and logical ...
But sometimes there just are n't any " strong leaders , " and
the leaders we have spend their time masking the train wreck ...
September 8 , 2014
David E. White
Berkeley , CA United States
Everyone should read this book .
It truly amazing and sad what has been done .
September 7 , 2014
C.C .
Ca , USA
This book was an eye opener .
I heard the author on
Coast to Coast and after the interview , I really wanted
to know more .
The book did n't let me down .
Packed full
of information with footnotes to back it up .
It was an
excellent read ... very scary too ... since it 's all ' real ! '
September 6 , 2014
Randy Benjamin
Buy this book .
Riveting page turner based on real events .
September 6 , 2014
Gary Johnson " gdjohn "
Greenville , SC , USA
I love reading somewhat obscure books .
This one was particularly interesting as I am of the baby boomer
generation and grew up close to New Orleans , knew friends with
polio that Dr. Sherman saw ...
September 4 , 2014
Connie M. Masson
Very good read .
Very sad about the corruption that is exposed .
September 4 , 2014
The DJ Kevin Smith
Dallas , TX
Conspiracy ?
Very scary ...
I hope it 's not true .
August 30 , 2014
Laura L .
The polio inoculations of the 50's , as they relate to the
epidemic of soft tissue cancers in the " baby boomers . "
This book may have possible answer and discloses the
cause : " the government " .
A cover up ?
You be the judge .
August 28 , 2014
Michael C. Van Assche
Very interesting and thought provoking .
Another angle to think about and compare
with the history we were taught growing up .
August 28 , 2014
Car Boy
Five Stars .
Know the truth or be ignorant .
August 27 , 2014
Libertarian Hope " Bill "
Idaho
Blows open the biggest government scandal of all time .
All facts are backed up many times over .
August 26 , 2014
Kilgore Trout
Kilgore Trout is a fictional character
created by author Kurt Vonnegut .
Compelling research .
One of the most interesting books
I have ever read .
It would make for a good plot ... but wait ...
it actually happened .
Highly recommended .
Not for the faint of heart .
August 22 , 2014
Rose Wright
Great book !
Amazing book !
Makes one think about what goes on behind closed doors .
August 22 , 2014
Angela H .
A surprisingly well written account of some very mysterious
goings on in New Orleans .
A very strange tale of very strange
doings , taking place in a very strange time , in a very strange
town , all of it just before and after JFK was killed .
Is there a
connection between Dr Mary 's death and that of the President ?
Highly recommended .
August 21 , 2014
Patrick C. Weidinger
Lancaster , PA
Five Stars .
One of the best I ever read .
August 21 , 2014
Ralph Coia
Las Vegas , USA
Great read !
I did n't realize all of this happened right under
my nose in my home town .
Great read !!!
August 18 , 2014
Ole Timer
Exellent expose of the horrible testing conducted by the US govt .
Factual info concerning Oswald that those of us in New Orleans
durng that time knew , but the gov’t put a lid on to continue their lies
concerning the JFK assassination .
August 18 , 2014
Patricia Vanoni
Five Stars .
Fascinating read !
August 18 , 2014
Jennifer
Having lived in New Orleans during this time ,
this book was wonderfully interesting .
Thanks to E. Haslam for uncovering the real story !
August 16 , 2014
Big Shopper
Louisiana
Outstanding .... a " MUST READ "
Captivating and informative book .
A lot of information
that really makes you stop and reconsider the lies we 've been told
by the government and the mainstream press over the last 50 + years !
August 14 , 2014
Dave Murphy
Waverly , Nebraska
Fascinating !
As a Louisiana native and former citizen
of New Orleans , this was certainly eye opening !
August 13 , 2014
Louise
I sat on the edge of my seat reading .
Could n't put it down .
Thrilling .
I ordered the same book for both of my sisters .
They will love it too .
August 13 , 2014
Judith Kiker Kopfman
Great information that is easy to understand .
This book had all the interest of a spy novel , but true .
Very well writen ...
I had the polio shots in the ' 50 s .
The way all the facts connect was amazing .
It is a book you do n't want to put down .
August 13 , 2014
Greg Lewis
A 5 star book if there ever was one .
I was a guy who did n't believe in conspiracy theories ...
A truly amazing read that has made me see the government much differently .
August 11 , 2014
Kevin Parnella
" In Christ "
Plano , Texas
I highly recommend this book ...
Bizarre , yet amazingly real ,
web of deception ...
Incredible perspective of the fringe of the inner ,
shadow government during the 1950's and 60's .
Aug. 11 2014
Mark G. Toop
Canada
I wish Jim Garrison could have read this book .
Answers many questions and raises many more .
August 9 , 2014
William B Zimmerman
An Absolute Triumph In Research
There is nothing more refreshing than an author
who has painstakingly researched ( and re-researched )
such a multi - level subject over a number of decades
and uncovers a layer that few knew about previously .
This could have been an overly complicated and dry / boring read ,
but instead Haslam 's style made it one of the better JFK - related
books I 've ever been fortunate enough to take - in .
Trust me , you will not be disappointed by the depth and
thoughtfulness incorporated in Haslam 's research and conclusions .
August 8 , 2014
Robert K .
A block - buster !
One of the most bizarre and riveting books
that I have ever read .
It ’s all true , documented .
You ca n’t make
this stuff up .
I can not speak highly enough of it .
Bonnie Faulkner
host of the “ Guns and Butter ” radio show
KPFA , Berkeley , CA
Pacifica Radio Network
Wonderful investigative work .
Highly intriguing read .
July 31 , 2014
Susan B .
This is a book that will open the eyes of the American people .
July 28 , 2014
Yellowdog
Five Stars .
A must read for anyone who has heard the story of
Mary Sherman and the strangeness of her fate .
July 28 , 2014
DVD
Richmond , Va
One of the scariest books I 've ever read .
An incredibly thorough and frightening look into the arrogant ,
psychopathic psyche of the ' medical ' community in the 60's .
A teaching tale if ever there was one .
July 28 , 2014
Tracy Burton
Well written with a very enlightening topic ...
Get yourself a copy if you would like to know more
about the background to the eventual shooting of a President !
July 27 , 2014
Amazon Customer
Amazingly well researched .
Could n't put it down .
Ca n't stop talking about it with everyone I know .
July 24 , 2014
Bob
This book holds the * evidence * hidden for 50 years .
Updated from his original 2007 version , this 2014 hardcover edition
provides even MORE evidence of a covert government - funded
cancer project and our very own government 's vicious cover-up
of the awful , horrible death of a respected physician and patriot .
Proof is in the photos !
July 23 , 2014
H. Kohut
Everyone should read this book , esp. Baby Boomers .
July 19 , 2014
Kathleen Owrey
A critically acclaimed , worthwhile effort from Ed Haslam !
He brings to light fascinating and crucial evidence of the
brutal murder of one of America 's prestigious cancer doctors
and links that to circumstances surrounding the assassination of JFK .
An absolute must - read for anyone seeking the truth
beyond the cover stories and lies we are continually fed .
Hooray for Ed Haslam for bringing some of that truth to us all .
July 18 , 2014
D Umana
Corona , CA USA
Five Stars !
Very Important book to read !!!
July 13 , 2014
Robert Plymesser
One of the best books ever .
Fantastically written with the
authors first hand experiences thrown in .
Tells in a factual way
with supporting documentation , a most captivating story that could
otherwise be a great murder mystery novel .
Other authors could only
hope to ever achieve such style .
Jeff A. Absher
July 9 , 2014
BEST BOOK EVER !!!!!
This book is absolutely amazing .
What a page turner !!
This very well could be one of the best books I 've ever read .
All the pieces of his mosaic puzzle fill in the gaps of corruption ,
politics , secret laboratories hidden in plain sight - among the nation ’s
most powerful people - with hidden agendas so scandalous that most
involved were silenced or murdered !
So engrossing and creepy !
Mr. Haslam 's thorough investigation is worth it 's weight in gold !
July 8 , 2014
Moyo
Ed Haslam 's book , Dr. Mary 's Monkey , should be required reading
for anybody who is a health professional .
He has revealed the missing link
of the viral involvement in so many conditions in the autoimmune world .
The resultant effect has been a medical catastrophe .
July 8 , 2014
R.E Tent , D. C. , N.D , Ph. D
Diverse Health Services PLLC
Novi , MI
A masterful murder mystery with national implications ...
A page - turner ... that makes the reader hungry for more of the intrigue
surrounding New Orleans in the late 1950's and 1960's .
July 4 , 2014
Richeber
Well researched and thought provoking .
June 26 , 2014
D. Hanes
Gary , Indiana
Fascinating from beginning to end ...
It reads like a psychological thriller ,
and I wish they would make a movie out of it .
The facts are presented
clearly and concisely , and the book is well illustrated .
It seems like we are very close to solving the puzzle ,
and the answer is absolutely terrifying .
June 21 , 2014
Karen Shelton " little D girl "
Boston MA
5.0 out of 5 stars
Everyone in the USA should read this book .
There is so much information crammed into this extremely well - written book ,
it is hard to get your mind around it .
Haslam connects the dots in ways
that no one ever has .
This book reads like an engrossing crime novel ...
I rate this as one of the top 5 non-fiction books I have read in my lifetime .
Do n't miss it !!
June 20 , 2014
Foxtrotter
5.0 out of 5 stars
I was fascinated by the complex scenario of Dr. Mary ’s Monkey .
Murder , forensic science , and high level politics are artfully intertwined
and skillfully presented in this intellectually challenging and enjoyable book .
June 16 , 2014
Cyril H. Wecht , M.D. , J.D .
Forensic Pathologist abd Medicollegal Consultant
Ed Haslam , in his ground - breaking research into the death of
Dr. Mary Sherman in 1964 , has uncovered an entirely new aspect
of the assassination of President Kennedy – the secret involvement of
Lee Harvey Oswald in an illegal , unethical , and extremely dangerous
laboratory intent on developing carcinogenic viruses to kill Fidel Castro .
As impossible as it sounds , one only has to read Haslam 's Dr. Mary's
Monkey to realize that it is all true .
If it were not for the tragic death
of Dr. Sherman , the bizarre findings of her autopsy , and the interviews
Mr. Haslam had with Judyth Vary Baker , we may never have discovered
the truth of where Oswald was early in 1963 before he became involved
in the assassination .
Doctor Mary 's Monkey is indeed a book you will not forget .
I can't .
Jun. 16 , 2014
James Stewart Campbell , MD .
MEDesign
Great book .
This book is great for all you conspiracy theorists !
I would high recommend this book if you are interested in the
Kennedy assassination theories and how it ties in with
cancer - causing agents as well as secret agents .
June 16 , 2014
Mark Muranaka
Honolulu , HI , US
Great , informative book .
Got the book , could n't put it down .
Should be read by everyone who has any interest in the Kennedy
assassination and also on the monkey virus issue of the polio vaccine
of the 1950s .
You 'd never guess how they relate ...
May 31 , 2014
jazzbanjo
Mid-Atlantic area
Best Book Ever on Lee Harvey Oswald & Kennedy's Murder
One of the most captivating books I have read in a long time –
I could n't put it down .
Edward Haslam pulls it all together ,
leaving me open - mouthed about the deception our government
has practiced for decades now .
I believe everyone should read this book .
­­
May 16 , 2014
Susan Y Shuler
Atlanta , GA
This is a really odd , different story .
The writing style is easy to read .
May 12 , 2014
Ginger Russell
Castro Valley CA
This is a gripping , well documented book .
It is better than any fictional mystery and scarier .
If you like a book that makes you think , you do n't want to miss this one .
May 8 , 2014
Nancy K
HOLLY SPRINGS , NC , United States
The Power .
A very good read .
Highly recommend to anyone ...
May 6 , 2014
Robert Walsh
San Francisco CA
A book everyone needs to read .
I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book .
What an eye opener
as to how the powers to be can hide tragic information like this
from the public and get away with it .
April 29 , 2014
Sally W. Rickolt
Excellent .
This book is one of the most informative books I 've read .
It is written with multiple stories that weave through key
American historical events that keep the reader spell bound .
April 23 , 2014
Chris Ricciardi
So outrageous it has to be true !
The story is almost impossible to believe until you read all the chapters .
April 23 , 2014
Cindy Dauner
Great to read .
If you want to read something that holds your attention ...
then this is the book .
It will give you a new perspective on the
Kennedy assassination ... and New Orleans at that time .
April 20 , 2014
Bastet
Polio , cancer and the Kennedy Assassination
It is an amazing account of the polio vaccine tragedy and cancer ...
Very interesting .
April 15 , 2014
R. Manix " Rmm "
Insightful and Mind Blowing
Ed Haslam has produced an extremely well researched volume .
If you never quite understood how humans became infected with viruses
from monkeys , this book provides all the answers .
The death of Dr. Mary Sherman remains a mystery , but Mr. Haslam lays
all the groundwork for a solid hypothesis .
And I do mean solid .
Haslam also provides an excellent character assessment of Dr. Alton Ochsner .
Most of the places referred to in the book are very close to Lafayette Square .
I shiver as I walk its streets .
Oswald , Banister , Ferrie , Shaw , Ochsner , and
wonderful beautiful Dr. Mary Sherman , all walked the same streets .
Dr. Mary 's Monkey will put you right there !
April 8 , 2014
Damon Ise
5.0 out of 5 stars
Deep .
March 6 , 2014
Kevin
5.0 out of 5 stars , Amazon.com
My husband ordered this book and raved about it .
Many medical / research facts .
It is a " ca n't put it down " book .
March 5 , 2014
Susan Burns
5.0 out of 5 stars , Amazon.com
Assassination and Emerging Global Epidemics .
Everything you did not want to hear , but sadly true .
Only in New Orleans !
Mardi Gras makes sense now .
March 3 , 2014
John Horil
Strange and scary ... as only the truth can be .
This book offers a rare glimpse into the world of experimental medicine
and its seldom seen dark underbelly .
To dispel what Edward Haslam outlines ...
is not only naïve , it 's actually quite dangerous .
Thank you for shedding light
on this misguided crime and its criminal cover -up .
March 1 , 2014
Peter Wall
Intriguing .
A most interesting book with more twists and turns
than you could possibly imagine .
It is not only well written ,
but keeps your interest ... at least it did mine .
February 22 , 2014
W. Miller " Avid , zealous reader "
Ohio
Amazing .
I enjoyed every minute of my reading until I finished it .
It turned into obsession .
Addictive !
I strongly recommend it .
February 21 , 2014
Mrs. Pfeiffer
Exciting and surprising .
Very eye opening book .
Makes you want
to keep reading to find out what ’s next .
I definitely recommend it to everyone .
February 21 , 2014
Patricia Candebat
Bizarre !
This is the most bizarre thing I have ever read .
Good book and very interesting .
It will leave you with lots to think about .
February 15 , 2014
Jean
A brave attempt to link cancer , and even HIV , to research work
done at a federal hospital in New Orleans in the 1960s .
January 18 , 2014
Wojciech A Krotoski
Highly recommended ...
Well researched book ... a credible job of proving that
Dr. Sherman was part of a team developing an aggressive cancer
to be used to murder Cuban president , Fidel Castro .
January 17 , 2014
JimmyBlues
I can't wait for the movie .
Seriously .
I thoroughly enjoyed this book .
Filled with documentation and facts to make it a valuable read .
The author seems to be sincerely amazed and confounded
as he worked on this project .
The story 's origin is very sincere , no B.S .
January 16 , 2014
Byron R. Cheadle
Washington , DC USA
Fascinating , Frightening Book ,
It is a book I would recommend every American citizen read .
This book will either make you want to learn more ,
or make you want to crawl into a hole and hide from the world !
January 14 , 2014
Sandycshell
I could not put this book down once I started .
The vax and
JFK conspiracies collide .
Worthy every penny and a great read .
January 11 , 2014
Maven999
5.0 out of 5 stars , Amazon.com
Either this guy is really onto something ... or he 's out to lunch .
Really interesting take on events in New Orleans during the late 50's and early 60's .
January 10 , 2014
Robert Sparrenberger
Great book ... a great accompaniment to Me & Lee ... explains certain aspects
of the death of the researcher Dr Mary Sherman in connection to the JFK assassination .
January 9 , 2014
T. Lockett
5.0 out of 5 stars , Amazon.com
Riveting .
Dr. Mary 's
Monkey is essential reading for anyone interested
in the JFK assassination and ties up loose ends .
My JFK reading adventure
has changed the way I look at our government , politics and the office of the president .
January 5 , 2014
Ariel101
5.0 out of 5 stars , Amazon.com
Very compelling book .
A must read for JFK researchers .
The murder of
Dr. Mary Sherman is one of the most compelling facts that finally truly convinced
me there was a government conspiracy to murder JFK .
January 5 , 2014
Sophia Gardner
5.0 out of 5 stars , Amazon.com
I am extremely interested in the JFK assassination era history and have watched
" The Men Who Killed Kennedy " series in its entirety .
This book was very interesting
and informative , I would recommend it to everyone that wishes to learn more on the topic .
January 5 , 2014
Sadie
5.0 out of 5 stars , Amazon.com
Amazing government cover up .
This book scared the crap out of me with all that was done
to innocent people in the 50's .
Pretty darn scary .
January 3 , 2014
Grammy J
Whispers in my soul shown to be true .
Since my 8th grade broken heart at the death of JFK I have always suspected
there was more to it than we were told .
This resonated true to me .
Very helpful .
December 31 , 2013
Maureen Murphy
5.0 out of 5 stars , Amazon.com
Very informative book and well worth the read ...
December 30 , 2013
Jennifer B .
Texas
Medicine , monkeys and myths .
This book will appeal to anyone interested in fast - paced mysteries ,
in medical history and research , in New Orleans as it was in the 1950s
and '60s , and in the JFK assassination .
December 30 , 2013
Kathryn Lewis
5.0 out of 5 stars , Amazon.com
Very Educational .
Great to know what went on during the Cuban Crises .
December 29 , 2013
Maike
5.0 out of 5 stars , Amazon.com
Haslam fills you with an overwhelming amount of information
which he pushes you to an anxiousness where you will become
obsessed with obtaining the real truth about the assassination of JFK
and how it all relates to Cuba , our government , medical research ,
and the real cause of a cancer epidemic .
December 25 , 2013
Suzanne Wheeler
5.0 out of 5 stars , Amazon.com
The evidence presented is quite reminiscent of the old Sherlock Holmes line ,
" When you have eliminated the impossible , what remains , no matter how
improbable must be the truth . "
I would strongly suggest you give it a read .
December 22 , 2013
Hesperus
5.0 out of 5 stars , Amazon.com
I can't stress enough the importance of reading this book .
As a citizen of the United States , it is of paramount importance
that people understand the story outlined within its pages .
December 17 , 2013
B. Mumford ( USA )
5.0 out of 5 stars , Amazon.com
This book was great food for thought and shows how hard big secrets
are to keep , as long as there are good people who can think critically ...
Dec 14 , 2013
Bryson
Goodreads.com
I can understand why people would be hesitant to speak out .
December 11 , 2013
Casia Holmgren
Mundelein IL
5.0 out of 5 stars , Amazon.com
Excellent read !
Could not put this one down !
Wow !
A must read for anyone interested in the Kennedy assassination ...
Lots of eyebrow - raising facts presented .
Really makes you question ...
December 10 , 2013
Aly
5.0 out of 5 stars , Amazon.com
Dr. Mary ’s Monkey is worth reading .
Factual account of
many situations in New Orleans surrounding this unsolved murder ...
December 9 , 2013
Steve Brignac
5.0 out of 5 stars , Amazon.com
Great book about a very interesting unsolved murder .
Whether you believe the author 's conclusions or not ,
the book really gives you something to think about .
December 7 , 2013
J Michael Neyrey
5.0 out of 5 stars , Amazon.com
This is the BEST book ever .
I could not PUT it down .
GREAT !
Dec. 6 , 2013
Trish from West Virginia
email to author@ ...
Inside Real American Politics !
Absolutely riveting .
Clearly there is a force at work in the background ... now
firmly in power and bent on destroying the republic from within .
Dr. Mary 's Monkey is the tip of the iceberg in exposing these buffoons .
December 5 , 2013
Lucidboomer
5.0 out of 5 stars , Amazon.com
Armand St. Martin ( left ) and Ed Haslam at Tracy ’s Po-Boys in New Orleans
Could these two old guys
possibly come up with something
fresh , innovative , and charming
to help people in New Orleans adopt pets ?
You be the judge !
Click here to hear the
2013 jingle called “ Mardi Gras Boulevard ”
for the Louisiana SPCA .
Extraordinary book .
Doctor Mary 's Monkey is a masterpiece of research .
Nov. 30 , 2013
John M ...
email to author@ ...
Dr. Mary 's Monkey is a fantastic , and haunting , book .
Nov , 22 2013
FissionSurplus
AboveTopSecret.com
Ed Haslam is a talented writer , and he easily manages to charm the reader ,
both with his warm tone and inquiring mind .
He also succeeds in presenting
a large , complex mosaic of information and in linking it all together in a clear ,
spellbinding way - much in the manner of a detective story , mystery , or thriller .
November 18 , 2013
Robert Couteau
Amazon.com
Original and interesting .
Edward T. Haslam has written a most interesting book .
It is clear that the author has lived with his tale his entire life ,
cares deeply about the subject , and is intellectually honest .
It is a must read for all those interested in the truth of what happened
in Dealey Plaza on Nov. 22 , 1963 .
October 29 , 2013
Paul C Brancato
Brilliant .
Well written ...
Saving it to read again at a later date .
26 Oct 2013
Lorna
UK
Interesting .
Presents a lot of new information to ponder .
I recommend this book for a lot of reasons .
Readers will question a lot things from the past .
October 20 , 2013
Hard to please
Very interesting book .
Definitely a strange account and makes you wonder
whose side these people are really on and
what they are really capable of .
October 15 , 2013
jermz
I love Dr. Mary 's Monkey and am still reading it .
October 4 , 2013
Janis Osters
Got this for my husband .
He did not want me to read it ...
READ THIS !!!!!
Very disturbing ... and seemingly true !
October 2 , 2013
Susan Burke
Eye Opening .
This book is a fantastic book and is very thought provoking .
The scandals presented will keep you entertained and thinking for hours to come .
September 24 , 2013
Lydia Ipswitch
Fall River , MA
Disturbingly good .
What is most disturbing is the vast scope of this dark web
and how unknown it has been to so many for so long .
September 10 , 2013
Ann Clark Taylor
Another corner turned in the 1963 scenario .
Anyone researching this time ,
and trying to put together the scenario of the era , MUST read this book .
It answers many questions and poses even more .
First rate and frightening .
September 8 , 2013
Carol Ann Routon
UK
Wow .
So much intrigue and information in one book .
Better not put it down for too long or you will surely lose track of the facts !
September 3 , 2013
Lebayou
Fantastic book ... exhaustive research ...
Thank you !
September 2 , 2013
Travis
email to Author@DoctorMarysMonkey.com
Fascinating .
This is a " rattling good read , "
and I was bereft for a couple of days when I 'd finished it !!
Written from a different perspective ...
24 Aug 2013
I. D. Neish " history buff "
Crete
A Scary Possibility .
Amazing story .
Worth the effort .
Needs to be a movie .
August 22 , 2013
Archibald Wallace III
Everybody should read this !
You would be surprised
how much you will learn from this book .
Read it , now !
August 18 , 2013
D. C. Collin " Yoga fanatic "
Athens , Greece
I married the brother of one of the homicide detectives on the Dr. Mary Sherman case ,
but he went to his grave not knowing what happened to Mary Sherman .
It was the case that got away and gnawed on him constantly .
August 16 , 2013
Mary Townsend
Wow , let 's see what can I say ...
I could n't put it down once I began reading !
It 's a very intriguing read , and I enjoyed it .
Being in the Healthcare field , I could believe most of this story !!!
August 16 , 2013
Pickett Dalma
I absolutely could not put this book down once I started to read it !
It 's very fascinating , and I can't wait to get back to New Orleans ...
such history there !
August 7 , 2013
Karen T. Verna
Canton , OH
100th 5 - star Review on Amazon.com
A masterful storyteller ...
Mr. Haslam 's childhood and personal life placed him
in the IDEAL places to piece together the biggest and most masterful plots in US History .
August 6 , 2013
Jorge Garcia
Amazon.com
WWL TV “ The 504 Show ” Part 1 6 min .
Part 2 4 min .
July 19 , 2013
Interview by Melanie Hebert
New Orleans , LA
WWL Radio Interview “ Think Tank ” 31 Minutes
July 19 , 2013
Interview by Don Dubuc
New Orleans , LA
I was blown away by what I read in “ Dr. Mary ’s Monkey ! ”
What a web of conspiracy and intrigue that involves the Kennedy
assassination , Castro , CIA , Oswald & the medical connections .
Could the virus of a monkey be the “ missing link ” that weaves
all the “ players ” together ?
I think I will read it again .
July 11 , 2013
Todd
Minnesota
Very eye opening !!!
Truly makes you think
about what happens behind closed doors of research .
I HIGHLY recommend this book .
July 8 , 2013
Craig Juleff
I loved this book .
The connections between cancer ,
viruses , AIDS and the assassination of President Kennedy
are brought together brilliantly by Haslam .
June 30 , 2013
Jon Gettel
Tucson , AZ United States
The book is captivating .
I will probably read it again
to be sure I did not miss anything .
June 23 , 2013
klmb
Very , very interesting and informative .
I enjoyed reading it , like reading a thriller or spy story .
June 23 , 2013
Hypermyke
Very very interesting .
This is an excellent book .
It gives a very interesting argument for HIV from SIV .
June 16 , 2013
Neuroblade
Very interesting !
The death of Dr. Mary Sherman ,
a cancer researcher ... by linear particle accelerator ... wow !
Ms. Vary , an idealistic youngster that wanted to help
find a cure for cancer , but instead worked on finding a fast acting cancer ...
to be used by the CIA or other nefarious groups to kill people .
May 27 , 2013
Jane A. Clark
DFW , Texas
There are no words to define the insanity ...
The powers that be
are sick psychotic bastards .
A must read if you really would like to
get a feel for what really goes on as we sleep .
Scary .
May 23 , 2013
TJ Bronson
A never - ending Pandora ’s box of mysteries and unsolved deaths .
I could n't stop reading it !!
Kinda scary when you think about it !!,
May 4 , 2013
sunset*gal
Tucson , Arizona
What a story !
There 's a lot of documentation and a lot of this
" conspiracy " seems to make sense .
April 24 , 2013
Alaine Lowell
Baby Boomers Must Read .
I really enjoyed this book .
Makes a lot of sense now why
so many of my high school graduating class have died so young .
April 24 , 2013
Ladytailwind
Tooele , Utah
We all are paying the price for this one .
Explains some health issues in persons my age who had the vaccine ...
I plan to re-read this book .
It contains so much information ,
I could n't absorb it all in one reading .
April 23 , 2013
Pu'er
There was information in this book that I had never heard before ,
it made me wonder what else is n't known .
April 19 , 2013
Joanne Jackson - Dobrow
What a fantastic book about the seedy underworld in New Orleans
and their interaction with the CIA and the government .
April 18 , 2013
Larry Nuss
Could not put this one down !
I found the entire book to be
a daring thrill ride , as well as a sickening reminder of
the insanity in Dallas in the 60s .
April 17 , 2013
Mr. Pellegrino
Alton , IL
A masterful job of researching and writing .
Compelling , eye - opening , startling at times ,
the rabbit hole goes deeper than I ever imagined .
Well done , Mr. Haslam !
April 13 , 2013
Ken C
This book reads like a fictional detective novel , but
considering the amount of reference material , it 's apparently true .
March 24 , 2013
Art R. " Art "
Illinois
This book is a must have for anyone interested in Kennedy 's assassination ,
Katrina and polio vaccines ...
I truly recommend this book .
March 21 , 2013
maryredshirt
This is one of those books that you can not put down until you are done
and then want to read it again !
March 14 , 2013
Herbert Brewer
It 's hard to keep your head on straight reading this .
The sub - title is enough
to cause many prospective readers to screw their faces up .
The story
of his investigation is very well told by Haslam .
The questions posed
by this evidence should be faced up to .
March 11 , 2013
Pete daPixie
A valuable part of many different mysteries .
It is a murder story , a story of a well - known presidential assassin ,
with animal experimentation , with AIDS , and with a clandestine plot
to overthrow Fidel Castro .
It has to do with all of this , all together
and at the same time .
In one book .
In one well - written book .
March 9 , 2013
Pat Burke
New Orleans , Louisiana
I 'm not an avid reader , but I just could not put down this book ...
It 's a mind opener .
March 8 , 2013
enjoys sunsets
Great reading material for those who thirst for the truth .
March 5 , 2013
N. Jones " 427 yenko "
The Key To The JFK Assassination .
I have read two hundred books on The Kennedys and
on the assassination and none get to the facts nearly as well as
these two books ( Dr. Mary ’s Monkey and Me and Lee ) .
The books are both well written and very easy to understand .
February 24 , 2013
John K Bowman
Anyone interested in the JFK assassination will like this book .
It adds a whole new dimension into this subject .
February 14 , 2013
ba
This is one of the best and most thoroughly documented
non-fiction books ever written .
Can you handle the truth ?
The historical truths thoroughly documented in this book
are very frightening !
Feb 13 , 2013
Michael D.
Goodreads.com
Just Read It ...
This is a must read book , but then you must
follow up by reading Me & Lee by Judyth Vary Baker .
February 10 , 2013
Little O' Me
This fascinating book reveals an altogether unknown aspect
to Lee Harvey Oswald : biological warfare .
Years of research point to some very serious implications ...
black ops and deep corruption which derailed our country since WW2 .
Pieces to the puzzle of why the U.S. is in such a mess today .
February 9 , 2013
Jon Norris
Oregon , USA
TOP 500 REVIEWER
Great Research .
A fascinating trip down the excesses
of the military industrial medical complex during the Cold War .
It would almost be funny if it was n't so horribly true .
February 3 , 2013
R. Humelbaugh
Washington State
It 's amazing how one can tie in JFK , a vaccine , polio and Lee Harvey Oswald .
If you are studying Kennedy ... I recommend this book .
February 2 , 2013
Gary W. Price
Wanchai , Hong Kong
This book is fascinating page - turner ... superb .
Highly recommended !!!
January 18 , 2013
Elliott Vincent
Atlanta , GA
Investigative reporting at its best !
This fantastic book
has first rate research into the aftermath of the polio vaccine
and ties it into key players of the JFK assassination .
Told by a great story teller who grew up in the area and knows insider background .
Cannot recommend highly enough !
Fascinating , courageous and scary .
January 15 , 2013
Joan M. Wood
Boston , MA
I had previously read this book when a friend loaned it to me ,
but it was so fascinating that I had to have my own copy ,
so I could read it again and again .
January 14 , 2013
MBC
Very good book .
Got one as a gift for my sister in law ...
Highly recommend this book ... 5.0 out of 5 stars
January 12 , 2013
sadiej
Good Reading ...
Kept me thinking about all of this and wondering :
Could our government do such a thing ?
January 9 , 2013
Jimmie
Do n't let anyone tell you the government is too dumb to keep a secret .
Sometimes people die by accident , but Mary certainly did n't .
January 3 , 2013
Carol Chase Mcelheney
Elk Grove , CA United States
Wild history ... well researched .
Connecting the dots takes you on a wild ride through history
that is still being felt today .
December 30 , 2012
Judy Ketchum
Santa Rosa , CA
You will never be the same , after reading Dr. Mary ’s Monkey .
January 2 , 2013
Joyce Riley
Radio Talk - Show Host
The Power Hour
Such a wonderful book and full of insight into our politics !
December 29 , 2012
Nancy Houser
Central Nebraska
Good Read ... has lots of info and back up for statements .
December 28 , 2012
pearlyrose
Good book .
Good story .
Well referenced .
December 27 , 2012
Mr. Big
A fascinating new look into events related to , but not solely about ,
the Kennedy assassination .
I found this book so interesting that
I stayed up nights reading it .
I bought copies to give as gifts this Christmas .
December 19 , 2012
G. Rogers
New Orleans , La USA
Everyone needs this eye - opening book ...
It 's hard to believe this story has not made national headlines ...
You really do have to read it for yourself , and I promise you will be aghast .
December 15 , 2012
Columnist
Beaumont , TX
posted on Walmart.com
Intrigue and Conspiracy ...
Super interesting and an eye opener to the real world .
It is difficult to believe this stuff really happens in America .
December 13 , 2012
Park Bishop
Amazon Customer Review
Frightening , but real !
I have a signed copy of this book and will always treasure it .
Edward Haslam has created one of the most thoroughly - documented non-fiction
books ever .
Thank you , Ed , for a fantastic read , and for disclosing the truth !
December 10 , 2012
M. Finley
Amazon Customer Review
A Great Read !
The author 's account of events , his research ,
and presentation of the materials makes one wonder if what
has been stated as truth ( by others in the past ) , really is the truth .
November 28 , 2012
Deborah Mcshan
Kenner , LA USA
I loved the book and think everyone should read it .
November 26 , 2012
Rita A. Davidek
I recommend this as reading for any current or former Louisiana resident .
November 9 , 2012
ANCIENT SCRIBE
Having read a shelf - full of books on John F. Kennedy 's life , his assassination , and
the C.I.A. , I found Dr. Mary 's Monkey coming closest to explaining 3 questions
I 've never found the answers to ...
Nov 05 , 2012
Robert Strupp
Very informative book .
Could not stop turning the pages .
Nov. 2 , 2012
Tigerfan04
This is a wonderful piece of writing .
It is a huge eye - opener
that will make the reader look at cancer in a whole new way .
It is extremely highly recommended .
DeadTreesReview.blogspot.com
Nov. 1 , 2012
This is the first book that I have read , cover to cover , in just a few days ,
in over 25 years .
It ’s a " jaw dropper . "
I could n't put it down .
Unbelievable information !
A real page - turner !!
Jeanne L. McCombs
Leeds , Alabama , USA
October 31 , 2012
I would recommend this book to any serious student of history .
The things that occurred then have ripples that shake our world today ,
both in politics and in public health .
Honesty , transparency and integrity
are needed to prevent these things from ever happening again .
J. G. Parsons " Buckeye "
Marysville , Ohio
October 22 , 2012
This has been a stunning read ...
From the first word to the last I was enthralled .
The chapters are written well and blend into each other perfectly .
Without doubt , this book has been an incredible read .
Ste.
Anne Dan
Canada
Oct 9 2012
The Truth Finally Emerges !
A very readable and highly informative book ,
showing again how powerful interests in government and business can cover
things up for decades to protect their own interests !
Apples51
Amazon.com
October 9 , 2012
The book that started me on my journey ...
I did not want this book to be over !
Mr. Haslam has penned a true story of intrigue that poses as many questions
as it answers .
Thanks to his thoroughly researched book I went on to read
" Me & Lee " , and both books have blown my socks off !
I highly recommend both books !
Real " game changers " !
David J
NOLA
October 6 , 2012
Disturbing , but well presented .
The author makes a compelling case
for a big cover up by the government that has implications to this day .
Anyone that got a polio vaccine in the early 1960 's should be concerned .
Pablo Marco
Amazon.com
October 2 , 2012
Exciting .
I read every word in a state of shocked excitement .
This book sheds fresh light on real truth in a terrifying subject .
Worth reading several times .
probinson
Amazon.com
September 30 , 2012
Shocking Truth for Baby Boomers
This book is a must read about how cancer research got out of control ...
and it all went on in New Orleans .
Do n't miss reading this book .
Gatekeeper
Swamps of Louisiana
August 28 , 2012
OMG , this book just rocked !
There are many untold secrets
in the recent history of the US and this book helps clear up so many .
I suggest reading it for answers to questions you may have like :
Why is cancer seemingly on the rise and
who exactly was Lee Harvey Oswald ?
Aug 17 , 2012
Dean rated it 5 of 5 stars
A very informative book ...
Read this book if you want to know
why an entire generation of grown ups have above average cancers
given to them from the polio antivirus they were given in school .
A must read .
Fable Manor
Toronto , Canada
August 8 , 2012
A very informative book ... A must read .
Joel Taylor
August 8 , 2012
Page after page brought me to the streets and names that I have known
in my native city , New Orleans .
Carolyn Zeller
Goodreads.com
July 27 , 2012
Dr. Mary ’s Monkey is the missing link in the JFK assassination .
Darrin McBreen
Infowars Nightly News
July 13 , 2012
Well written historical document .
The government is lying to you .
And will continue to cover this up .
Read and heed the information .
It is one of the most heart breaking moments in US history .
R. Rambo
Horseshoe Bay , TX , US
July 9 , 2012
Compelling & well documented .
Haslam has the inside track
on this story like few others could .
The horror comes when you
fully comprehend the implications of what he is telling you .
Tutor Turtle
Billerica , Massachusetts
April 27 , 2012
Wanna really get an education ...
You 'll take a deeeeppp breath ,
and never look at government and power the same way again .
It is one of the most riveting , informative , persuasive , shocking
and mind - blowing pieces of investigative reporting ... ever .
RCDfan1950
TiggerDroppings.com
March 29 , 2012
GREAT BOOK , like no other .
MUST READ !!
This book is one of the best books I have read .
The title seems strange , but it ’s a book you ca n’t put down .
momo510girl
Review on Amazon.com
March 28 , 2012
This could be the biggest scandal story I ever heard .
George Noory
On - Air Host
Coast - to - Coast AM
This is the biggest story ever .
It ’s a masterpiece .
Alex Jones
InfoWars.com
March 15 , 2012 interview
" Dr. Mary 's Monkey " is , all around , one of the best books I 've read in my entire
not - so - young life ; it 's impossible to praise it highly enough .
Rae Nadler - Olenick
March 10 , 2012
I finished the book in a day .
It was well written and coherent .
It connects a lot of dots for me , and while it does answer some questions ,
it also raises others .
If half of this is true ...
Jaydogger
Review on Amazon.com
February 22 , 2012
This book opens your eyes to how this country is really operating .
Secrets , lies , deception and just plain lack of respect for man-kind .
Brad Wright
Goshen , IN
February 5 , 2012
I 'm going to simply say that this book opened the door for me on this subject .
You will learn things you can't unlearn , however , so be aware that you
will discover some heinous crimes committed by your government .
Rochell Van Deurzen
Amazon.com Review
February 3 , 2012
The Holy Grail of the who's who connections ...
I really , really enjoyed this book .
I cannot wait to go these places and put my own eyes on them .
Loving
This
Amazon.com Review
February 1 , 2012
Ok , this is probably the best conspiracy book I 've ever read .
I would say this is serious history that has been kept from the American Public .
How it is not in the public eye is totally beyond me .
Chrono
Amazon.com Review
January 8 , 2012
If what Haslam is suggesting is true , the death of a president pales in comparison .
D. Smith " Limelight Books & Photographs "
Toronto , Canada
Dec 8 2011
From Vaccination to Assassination ...
All of these mysterious clues come together to create
one of the most mind boggling tales of true crime
on a scale so grand , it begs to be the stuff of wild fiction .
But it is n’t .
The story of Dr. Mary ’s Monkey is frighteningly true .
What he revealed was nothing less than the best kept secret of the
past several decades .
Indeed , I feel that this could be called
the story of the century .
Natalina
ExtraOrdinary Intelligence
November 28 , 2011
Incredible Secrets Exposed Here !
I picked up this book
because of the JFK connection , but the info on the Polio vaccine
was astounding .
This is a great read , and Haslam 's first - hand knowledge
of New Orleans helps paint a lucid picture .
Krystal C
Vancouver , Canada
Nov 26 2011
Top Notch !!
Ed Haslam has created something extraordinary with this title .
If the public continues reading it , we will surely be on our way
to solve the greatest murder mystery of the 20th century ...
If you are a JFK researcher , this is a title that 's a necessary read .
Frank Beckendorf
Abilene , TX USA
November 25 , 2011
A friend recommended Doctor Mary 's Monkey to me , and
I wanted to let you know that it 's the most fascinating book I 've ever read .
You have done a great service to our community , if not to the entire United States !
WC
Lacombe , LA
email to author@DoctorMarysMonkey.com
Nov. 16 , 2011
BIGGER THAN THE BIBLE !!!
Oh my God , this book will blow your mind !!!
THIS BOOK SHOULD BE READ BY EVERY U.S. CITIZEN !!!
Richard H
Reader Review - Amazon.com
November 8 , 2011
I do n’t know anybody who has n’t read it .
If you have n’t read it , you should .
Garland Robinette
WWL Radio – New Orleans
Oct. 17 , 2011
Dr. Mary ’s Monkey is , in my opinion , the most explosive
and important book , perhaps of all time .
JBC
Sep. 27 , 2011
This is a phenomenal book !
This book shines so much light on the dark activities of Oswald , ( et al ) ...
It is truly astounding .
However , this book also uncovers shocking evidence
that the current cancer epidemic of today , as well as the AIDS epidemic ,
may , in fact , be grounded in these conspiratorial government / medical
happenings around New Orleans .
Again , this book is amazingly revealing .
GC
Rejected Knowledge Book Reviews
Sep. 16 , 2011
Wow !!!
I love your book !!!
Thank you !!!
Alicia Bank
AliciaBanks.Xanga.com
Sep. 4 , 2011
Dr. Mary 's Monkey is an AMAZING book .
Very well put together .
The author makes a compelling case for a top - secret program .
Anonymous Coward
www.godlikeproductions.com
Jul. 30 , 2011
I must say those two books ( DR . MARY ’S MONKEY and ME AND LEE )
have really started to change my view of the world .
MsAnnaNOLA
EmptyWheel.net
July 20 , 2011
What Ed Haslam does best is flesh - out a time and place where the fear
of the Soviet Union was real , science was making leaps and bounds , and
ideology was at a fever pitch .
Was it a conspiracy orchestrated by
the intelligence community or simply the " perfect storm "
of intelligent people that was like a powder keg waiting to ignite ?
Uncle M
North Carolina
July 17 , 2011
WOW !
This is not your typical conspiracy book .
Read it for an eye opening lesson in corruption and lies .
This book is a must read for any American who believes
one of government 's primary tasks is protecting its citizens .
CatheyTruth
BarnesAndNoble.com
July 19 , 2011
Thank you for writing this book , it is the best thing I 've read in decades .
Debby
email to author@DoctorMarysMonkey.com
July 2 , 2011
Thank you !
It was a life - changing experience to read your book .
Connie
email to author@DoctorMarysMonkey.com
June 28 , 2011
The city almost feels like one of the characters in the book .
Lots of shady stuff going on ...
Ginger West
Goodreads.com
May 12 , 2011
If the views of the author are accurate , then Edward Haslam
has written the most important book , since the Guttenberg Bible .
Anonymous
BarnesAndNoble.com
February 25 , 2011
What a terrific read !
I loved this book .
If you wish to consider it fiction , that is your decision .
I personally think Haslam is onto something .
John H. MacDonald
January 28 , 2011
This book is the scariest true story I have ever read .
I was on the edge of my seat while reading this book ;
my heart started pounding , and I had to shake off the fear …
This is a history book ; the history is still in the making ,
and my view of it was permanently changed .
And it is one helluva good read .
DO NOT MISS THIS BOOK .
Gordon H. Clark
Keene NH
Jan. 20 , 2011
This is an amazing book .
It really makes you stop and think about
what the government is really not telling us .
This is a book that
all Americans should read .
ms.kizzy
January 16 , 2011
I love a good conspiracy theory …
( Dr. Mary ’s Monkey is )
a darn fascinating read and well worth your time and money .
December 28 , 2010
Chad Mannlein
Burtchville , MI
A MUST - READ for anyone interested in the JFK assassination !
Edward T. Haslam has really done a fine job
in connecting the dots in this historical mystery .
It is a fascinating read .
I recommend it highly …
TRUTH IS DEFINITELY STRANGER THAN FICTION !
Anna Gray McLendon
New Orleans , LA
November 26 , 2010
A very convincing scenario of murder and intrigue that ties
JFK 's assassination to the murder of Mary Sherman in a narrative
that is highly factual yet never tedious .
Ray Mc
Amazon Forum – Judyth Vary Baker
September 21 , 2010
One of the best conspiracy books I 've ever read .
A suspenseful and intriguing thrill ride that explores the hidden side
of American medicine .
A great panorama of the darker side of American society .
Haslam presents enough convincing evidence to warrant a new investigation
into the JFK murder , the secretive research project , and the safety
of America 's vaccination program .
This was definitely an entertaining
and informative read .
J. Cournoyer
August 31 , 2010
Finally , All the Pieces Fit !
For years , I have heard about the different theories of many authors ,
but never once , did it make sense to me how each theory could have fit together .
Now I know !
Thank you , Mr. Haslam , for the most fascinating book I have ever read .
telling the story of Dr. Mary Sherman and her work in New Orleans , Mr. Haslam
has presented the world with the story of the Kennedy Assassination in simple , plain English .
Joe Jackson
August 17 , 2010
This is NOT a JFK assassination book .
And I agree
that this is bigger than the assassination of the president .
The world owes a great debt to Ed Haslam for getting this story out .
Mary Sherman was trying to CURE cancer , as was Judyth Baker .
Dawn
Aug. 12 , 2010
Facebook
I think Dr. Mary 's Monkey is one of the most important books ever written …
dor
Aug. 12 , 2010
email to author
This book was so riveting that when I simply tried to scan it
as I was reading another book , I could not put it down .
You will think twice about taking another shot for
government announced epidemics .
You will carefully consider
EVERY political death you have ever heard about .
Things you thought silly or far fetched about the Kennedy
assassination will soon become very clear and very plausible .
If you did n't believe in conspiracies before , you will now !
Jody316
Jul. 13 , 2010
Imagine a suspense - filled Crichton techno - novel ,
full of scientific , political and personal intrigue , characters ,
stories , political events all so intricately intertwined that
you 're tempted to chart them on a white - board .
Now consider
that it 's not fiction , but a pivotal part of our own national history ,
one with political , social and public health implications we bear to this day .
That 's what 's so amazing about , not just the story of Dr. Mary 's Monkey ,
but about how it is written by the man in the middle of it all , Edward Haslam .
Paul O'Leary
July 7 , 2010
This book will get your mind working again .
The story makes sense , and makes you wonder .
Jean Trout
Jun 26 , 2010
Your superbly written book now resides on my most prominent bookshelf ,
beckoning any guest to ask me about it .
My hope is that this story opens
peoples ’ eyes and pushes them to do more thinking for themselves .
Erin
email to author@DoctorMarysMonkey.com
Jun. 21 , 2010
Just wanted to thank you for diligent work on ” Dr. Mary ’s Monkey ” .
A first class work , well cited and quite interesting to read .
I am mystified
how anyone would challenge your work … with the evidence being so compelling .
Dave
email to author@DoctorMarysMonkey.com
Jun. 16 , 2010
I just finished your book , after my chemist friend recommended it .
Wow .
What can I say - have had bouts of tears , amazement , anger - every emotion .
How can we ever thank you enough ?
Every American should read your book .
Nancy
Los Angeles
Jun 12 , 2010
A wonderful illustration of how we cannot trust the government
to be honest or the power elite in our society .
Ted L. Brister
Jun 2 , 2010
Power is indeed corrupting .
The book is indeed worth the time .
Donna Duck " Grammy "
California
May 20 , 2010
Great Book with lots of twists and turns .
Keeps you interested !
May 19 , 2010
Anneeoaklee
Blanco , Texas
Wow !
This was a heart stopping scenario .
If true , it is truly something everyone should read .
Rheta M. Runnerstrom
May 18 , 2010
I recommend this book for your summer reading list .
Dr Mary 's Monkey is real page turner that will
inform and scare you .
supposably smarmy
Craig ’s list in Toronto , Canada
May 15 , 2010
To my surprise and delight , I was engrossed in the story .
I would not have believed anything if it had not been backed up
by so many facts .
In my opinion , anyone who has an interest in the facts
behind the JFK assassination , the cancer origins and unknown facts
about New Orleans would truly enjoy this book .
Anonymous
BarnesAndNoble.com
May 14 , 2010
Amazon.com April 16 , 2010
I believe you have written one of the most important books in the history
of the study of the ( JFK ) assassination .
James Fetzer , PhD
Professor Emeritus , University of Minnesota
Editor of Assassination Science and Murder in Dealey Plaza
Apr 11 , 2010
I really liked this book , and it was an easy read .
I was drawn in because
of the JFK assassination theory but was amazed at how well Haslam
weaved the characters into the story to make it not only understandable ,
but something that left you thirsting for the next page .
Just a few years back
people would laugh at you for suggesting that viruses cause cancer .
Someone needs to pick this up as a criminal investigation .
Robert Suffecool
Ohio
Mar 26 , 2010
Th
1 Add languages to translate into above .
2 Type the text you want to translate .
We wombats do n’t like being disturbed - if you irritate us , we sit on you until you die .
The inanities of your world , like electric fences , or being hit by speeding cars , have never bothered us much .
But now you humans have gotten outta hand , with your wars and bombs and poverty and Global Warming and other such uncomfortable things , so we have decided to intervene .
We can help you fix your problems , so we can go back to ignoring you .
Ok ?
- The Revolutionary Wombats Association .
Wal - Mart Stores Inc. , the world ’s largest retailer , has agreed to pay $ 40 million to as many as 87,500 current and former employees in Massachusetts , the largest wage - and - hour class - action settlement in the state ’s history .
The class - action lawsuit , filed in 2001 , accused the retailer of denying workers rest and meal breaks , refusing to pay overtime , and manipulating time cards to lower employees ’ pay .
Under terms of the agreement , which was filed in Middlesex Superior Court yesterday by the employees ’ attorneys , any person who worked for Wal - Mart between August 1995 and the settlement date will receive a payment of between $ 400 and $ 2,500 , depending on the number of years worked , with the average worker receiving a check for $ 734 .
“ The magnitude is large - it ’s bigger than most settlements paid in wage - and - hour cases , ’’ said Justin M. Swartz of New York - based law firm Outten & Golden LLP , who has handled similar cases , including a pending case against Wal - Mart .
“ But you would expect it to be bigger since Wal - Mart is the biggest retailer . ’’
Under the terms of the settlement , neither side is allowed to comment .
But in an affidavit filed with the settlement , the lead counsel for the employees , Philip Gordon of Boston ’s Gordon Law Group , said the accord “ dwarfs settlements of similar class actions against Wal - Mart across the country . ’’
“ For many employers , this settlement will serve as a reminder to take the payment of earned wages and benefits seriously .
For many other employers , it will provide comfort that all Massachusetts businesses must operate on a level playing field , ’’ Gordon wrote in the affidavit .
“ But most importantly , for employees of Wal - Mart , it finally pays them their earned wages and it puts in place systems and processes to ensure that abuses like those alleged never happen again . ’’
The Massachusetts case is similar to many others that have been brought against the retail behemoth by employees across the country , most alleging that the Bentonville , Ark. - based company violated laws by requiring employees to work through breaks , to work beyond their regular shifts , and similar practices .
Wal - Mart has denied the allegations , but in December , the merchant agreed to pay up to $ 640 million to settle 63 federal and state class - action wage - and - hour lawsuits .
Stock Market Rally Lacks Volume Ready to Correct
A healthy bull run for the stock market must come from rising prices and rising volume .
This is an old and time - honored stock market analysis concept , and probably one of the most profound insights into market behavior .
Thus , a rally lacking volume is at least suspicious .
And a rally with declining volume is a sign of a weak market and usually a harbinger of a correction if not an outright trend change .
Have a look at the S&P 500 chart below .
As you can see , the whole rally off of the March 2009 low is characterized by low volume .
Hence , I see a high probability that this bull run will finally end and prove to be just a huge bear market rally .
Especially Weak : The Rally Since November 1
Now take a second look at the above chart .
The rally since the late October low was especially weak .
Volume was not only miniscule , it was also declining markedly .
This tells me that the recent break out in prices to new highs for the year was on very thin ice .
Additional weakness comes from the advance - decline line and momentum indicators .
Neither has confirmed these new market highs .
In fact , they ’re actually showing negative divergences !
This is a typical sign of a weak market ready for a correction .
Finally , sentiment indicators got frothy when some of the major stock market indexes reached new highs for the year .
The chart below shows advisory sentiment as published by Investors Intelligence …
As you can see , stock market bulls reached 50.6 percent of all newsletter writers , and the number of bears tumbled to a paltry 17.6 percent .
Thus the bull - to - bear ratio jumped to 2.9 .
This is a very high figure , often associated with an interim stock market high .
All in all , the technical and sentiment indicators are in a position very typical for a market at risk .
So I think we may soon get another marked correction , probably down to the October lows or even a bit lower .
And beyond the technical picture , there is also a major fundamental reason to be wary right now .
Namely , that …
The Major Debt Problems Have Not Been Solved
The news of the financial woes in Dubai should remind investors that the major debt problems associated with the global real estate bubble have not been solved .
So over the next two years I expect that we ’ll hear from many more defaulting borrowers in and outside the U.S .
The financial crisis in Dubai is sending a clear message .
And to make matters worse , governments ’ reactions to the first act of this huge crisis has only aggravated the problems by shifting the risks from private entities to public ones .
It ’s too early , however , for this second act to get started .
I expect it ’ll begin during the second half of 2010 , when a new wave of mortgage resets starts hitting the U.S. banking system .
And it will probably be as severe as the subprime reset wave was .
It ’ll be very interesting to see how the governments around the globe react …
Some may still be strong enough to throw hundreds of billions of tax payers ’ dollars at the problem again and start another round of insane and myopic policies .
But others , the weaker ones , may find themselves trapped , not being able to absorb a new surge of losses .
Consequently , instead of only banks going bust we may well see banks plus some governments going bust !
But all that is in the future .
Not yet .
Dubai is just telling us not to forget the important things going on behind the scenes of this huge stock market and economic bounce thanks to the strongest peacetime stimulus in history .
And the technical picture is telling us that a correction could be in the cards , too .
For now , I would treat any potential stock market weakness as a buying opportunity since I do n’t yet see an end to the medium - term up trend that started in March .
But we should never forget the long - term risks , either .
Best wishes ,
Claus
This investment news is brought to you by Money and Markets .
Money and Markets is a free daily investment newsletter from Martin D. Weiss and Weiss Research analysts offering the latest investing news and financial insights for the stock market , including tips and advice on investing in gold , energy and oil .
Dr. Weiss is a leader in the fields of investing , interest rates , financial safety and economic forecasting .
To view archives or subscribe , visit http://www.moneyandmarkets.com .
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
LONDON  England has long been a mecca for aggrieved people from around the world who want to sue for libel .
Russian oligarchs , Saudi businessmen , multinational corporations , American celebrities  all have made their way to London ’s courts , where jurisdiction is easy to obtain and libel laws are heavily weighted in favor of complainants .
Embarrassed by London ’s reputation as “ a town called sue ” and by unusually stinging criticisms in American courts and legislatures , British lawmakers are seriously considering rewriting England ’s 19th - century libel laws .
A member of the House of Lords is preparing a bill that would , among other things , require foreigners to demonstrate that they have suffered actual harm in England before they can sue here .
English libel law is the opposite of America ’s in many ways .
In the United States , the plaintiff , or accuser , must prove that the statement in question was false ; public officials must also prove that it was made maliciously , with “ reckless disregard ” for the truth .
so , related : as a whole , maybe we can all take ourselves a little less seriously .
i have no doubt you ’re a great mom .
being a mom is hard work .
i have a dog , so you know , i get it .
just kidding .
i do n’t get it at all .
i’m just a kidless twenty - something with a lot of laundry and nothing to eat in my fridge .
my point is not to criticize anyone .
i’m not really judging you .
or your situation .
i just happen to think that big kid looks sorta funny in that little stroller .
and maybe it ’s not funny to you .
but maybe stop cursing my ovaries ?
Everyone , thanks for your feedback .
love it or hate it , i appreciate the dialogue .
and the attention .
heartless , childless twenty - somethings love attention .
The Dwyers named the goldfish - loving seal Rudolph A family who found a baby seal in their back garden in Kent 18 miles from the sea named her Rudolph , saying she was a " brilliant Christmas present " .
The pup , which the RSPCA said was less than a year old , was in the Dwyer family 's garden in Benenden on Monday morning when they let out pet dog Jack .
" We could see it came from the stream at the end of the garden from tracks in the snow , " said Harriet Dwyer .
" I heard Jack barking and went over to see what looked like a huge slimy cat . "
It is thought the seal got into the stream from the River Rother , which meets the English Channel at Rye.
Storms or floods " It got in our pond and I think it ate some of my parents ' goldfish , " said Miss Dwyer .
" Jack is a collie and rounded it up a bit and it eventually settled in the herb garden by the corner of the house . "
The RSPCA is now caring for the seal , which has been renamed Gulliver , at Mallydams Wood Wildlife Centre near Hastings in East Sussex .
Keeper Elaine Crouch said baby seals often became separated from their mothers in bad weather such as storms or floods .
" This one is a really good weight , and not starving but has been completely lost , " she said .
" She has a a tag from Belgium , probably put on by the rehabilitation centre at Ostend , then she got into the River Rother and ended up in the stream . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The cases are relate to “ employers liability insurance ” – the insurance policies which are often claimed against by asbestos victims who develop diseases several decades after they were exposed by their employers .
In most cases , the insurer who provided policy to the victim ’s employer at the time they worked for them , has always paid out compensation .
However , some insurers are now refusing to pay up arguing that the correct interpretation of their policy means they only have to pay up when the victim develops an “ injury ” .
The insurers argue that the real “ injury ” does not occur until a tumour develops , often decades later .
This follows a Court of Appeal decision in relation to “ public liability insurance ” ( Bolton MBC v Municipal Mutual Insurance Ltd , 2006 ) in which the Court found that a policy for public liability , i.e. visitors or non-employees , was only invoked when the victim became “ injured ” decades later .
The implications of the High Court test cases are potentially devastating to asbestos victims .
Asbestos was extensively used in UK industry until the early 1980’s .
However , due to the latency period of asbestos diseases , symptoms do not appear until anything between 10 and 60 years later .
During that time , many former employers have gone out of business and no longer exist .
If the argument raised by the insurers is accepted , victims will be forced to claim against the more recent insurers .
However , if the employer no longer exists , there will be no insurance policy in place and the victims will be left with nobody to claim against .
This is despite the fact that decades ago , employers took out insurance policies in good faith to provide cover for their employees .
The High Court test cases are expected to last for at least nine weeks and it may be many weeks after that before the Court gives its final judgment .
Even then it is expected that this case will be fought all the way to the House of Lords and the real issue may not be concluded until 2009 or even 2010 .
While the case is argued , time is running out for the many asbestos victims who have been given a limited prognosis as a result of the devastating effects of mesothelioma .
The case has attracted the attention of Parliament with the insurance industry coming under heavy fire from some MPs .
Michael Clapham MP referred to the insurers as ‘ jackals ’ and accused the industry of ‘ hypocrisy ’ .
Jim Sheridan MP said asbestos victims are “ being treated worse than cattle ” .
Daniel Easton , Partner in the Industrial Disease Department , comments as follows :
“ This is a cynical attempt by the insurance industry to avoid paying out on their policies .
We were repeatedly assured during the pleural plaques litigation that insurers wanted to properly compensate mesothelioma victims .
Given this recent attack on asbestos victims , that clearly does not seem to be the case .
We have no option but to fight all of our mesothelioma cases to court , not knowing whether the insurance policies behind the Defendant will pay out at the end of the day or not .
This simply heaps uncertainty onto a vulnerable section of society who do not know whether they , and their families , will be compensated for the fact that their employers failed to protect them years ago .
Tragically , there are bound to be many victims who will die before this argument is concluded , not knowing whether the insurance companies will make good on their policies or not . ”
Robots in the Movies
First Robots - in Literature The Steam Man , Hadaly , and Tik - Tok Edward S. Ellis ' The Steam Man of the Prairies ( 1868 )
A science - fictional dime - novel , first published in Irwin 's American Novels # 45 in 1868 .
If the novel 's title character can be considered a ' robot ' , then this short novel was the first portrayal in literature of a ' robot ' or nonsentient automaton - called the Steam Man .
The ' mechanical ' metal man , a steam - boiler used for locomotion to pull a carriage , was made of iron and was approximately 10 feet tall .
It was constructed by teenaged Johnny Brainerd , the inventor in the novel .
Auguste de Villiers de l'lsle Adam's L'Eve Futur ( 1886 , Fr. ) ( aka The Future Eve , or The Eve of the Future )
A published book - a classic science - fiction tale that popularized the term " android . "
Allegedly , the French novelist was inspired to write his book after viewing Edison 's display of inventions at the International Electrical Exhibition in Paris in 1881 .
The story was serialized in 1884 and published as a book in 1886 .
It told about a brilliant British alchemist ( modeled after Thomas Edison ) who offered to create a mechanical , robotic facsimile of his friend Lord Ewald 's beloved fiancee - a stage performer and singer named Alicia Clary .
The misogynistic alchemist 's goal was to create a perfect and natural , electrical , and mechanical variation of Alicia , who would bring Ewald true happiness - without female personality problems or other physical human imperfections that were causing Ewald to contemplate suicide .
The android ( andreide ) , Hadaly , was indistinguishable from Alicia .
It had a phonographic apparatus to realistically reproduce Alicia 's voice , and was supernaturally endowed with the spirit of Sowana , Edison 's mystical assistant .
The ' robot ' or creation was not a real female " but an angel , not a mistress but a lover , more than reality , an ideal . "
L. Frank Baum's Ozma of Oz ( 1907 )
The third book of Baum 's Oz series .
It featured the round - bodied Tik - Tok , made of burnished copper and with jointed arms and legs ( with polished caps on them ) , and requiring its inner springs to be wound in order to function .
The card on his back read :
Smith & Tinker 's Patent Double - Action , Extra -Responsive , Thought - Creating ,
Perfect - Talking Mechanical Man
Fitted with our Special Clock - Work Attachment
Thinks ,
Speaks , Acts , and Does Everything but Live
Manufactured only at our Works at Evna , Land of Ev
All infringements will be promptly Prosecuted according to Law First ' Robots ' in Literature
The Steam Man in
The Steam Man of the Prairies ( 1868 )
The Future Eve
( 1886 novel )
Tik - Tok in
Ozma of Oz ( 1907 )
Title Screen Film / Year , Name of Robot and Film Description Screenshot
The Mechanical Statue and the Ingenious Servant ( 1907 ) Mechanical Men ( Survival status unknown , although a Vitagraph paper print extract or fragment is reported to exist )
This very early , Vitagraph one - reel ( or half - reel ) film from director J. Stuart Blackton , was the first American film with ' robot ' predecessors - called mechanical men ( also known as automatons ) .
In the slapstick comedic story , a sculptor had hand - built a " mechanical statue " which danced when wound up .
It was bought by a customer who took it home .
There , a house - servant started it up , but the statue ran away .
The " ingenious " servant was able to deceive the master of the house , pretending to be the ' mechanical ' robot .
The Fairylogue and Radio - Plays ( 1908 ) Tik - Tok ( The Machine Man ) Tik - Tok first appeared in film in The Fairylogue and Radio - Plays ( 1908 ) , presented in Baum 's live travelogue stage presentation ( with Tik - Tok - The Machine Man , portrayed by Wallace Illington ) .
The multi-media presentation was a mix of live - action , hand - tinted ' magic lantern ' slides , film , and Baum 's own narration .
The cast of The Fairylogue and Radio - Plays ( 1908 )
Is Tik - Tok on Baum 's left ?
[ Note : Tik - Tok reappeared much later as the mustached Tik - Tok in Disney 's film Return to Oz ( 1985 ) .
See later entry . ]
Homunculus ( 1916 , Germ. ) ( in six parts )
A Clever Dummy ( 1917 ) Early ' Robot ' Films in the Silent Era In many cases in these early ' robot ' films , the automatons ( or automated thinking machines , often functioning as robots or servants ) could prove to be dangerous or deadly after running amok , as in Frankenstein ( 1931 ) .
Early depictions of " mechanical men " included these short films ( often comedies and usually one - reel ) - sometimes reflecting the encroachment of machinery and the increasing fear of industrialization : An Animated Doll ( 1908 ) , from Essanay
An Extraordinary Duel ( 1909 , Fr. ) , , from Pathé Frères , about two dueling men ( one black , one white ) who kept destroying each other , but then were reanimated and rebuilt to continue fighting
The Rubber Man ( 1909 ) , from the Lubin Company , about a mechanical creation that ran amok through a town and village before being short - circuited by being doused in a water trough
Dr. Smith 's Automaton ( 1910 , Fr. ) , from Pathé Frères
A Mechanical Husband ( 1910 , UK ) , about a girl who objected to her father 's choice of a man and fell in love with an automaton
The Automatic Motorist ( 1911 , UK ) , a comedic fantasy take - off of Georges Melies ' A Trip to the Moon ( 1902 ) , and a mix of live - action and stop- motion animation , in which a mechanical chauffeur drove a newly - wed couple on a honeymoon trip to Saturn
The Inventor 's Secret ( 1911 ) , from Biograph ( and writer / director Mack Sennett ) , about a cop ( Dan , portrayed by Sennett ) who set out to retrieve a missing girl and collect a $ 500 reward , but mistook an automatic doll for the child
The Electric Leg ( 1912 , UK ) , about the invention of a primitive prosthetic or electric leg for disabled individuals by Professor Bound , but for one amputee , the artificial leg had a mind of its own ; he lost control of it and it took a man into a girls ' dormitory
The House of Mystery ( 1912 , Fr. ) , from Pathé Frères , with a mechanical policeman
Sammy 's Automaton ( 1914 , Fr. ) , about Sammy thoughtlessly turning a lifeless mannequin - dummy into an uncontrollable , lascivious automaton
The Automatic House ( 1915 ) , from Empress , about an automatic maid in a " automatic house "
The Mechanical Man ( 1915 ) , from Universal , about a " mechanical man " ( Walter Frederick Trevallion , as Phroso )
Hoffmanns Erzählungen ( aka Tales of Hoffman ) ( 1916 , Ger. ) , was told in three stories / parts about the hero 's past loves ; in the first , the hero young Hoffmann ( Kurt Wolowsky ) fell in love with a life - sized automaton , a living marionette named Olympia ( Alice Scheel - Hechy ) ; he had been duped by Coppelius ( Friedrich Kühne ) into wearing a pair of magic eyeglasses that made inanimate objects come to life ; when the deception was revealed , the automaton was torn to pieces
Homunculus ( 1916 , Ger. ) , an expressionistic , six - part serial about diabolical , mad scientist Dr. Hansen 's ( Adolf Paul ) ( and his assistant Edgar Rodin 's ( Friedrich Kühne ) ) creation of a bitter , soulless , artificial man , the Homunculus ( Olaf Fønss ) , that became tyrannical
A Clever Dummy ( 1917 ) , from Mack Sennett and Triangle / Keystone , about an inventor named Samuel Tinker ( James Donnelly ) who created a remote - controlled mechanical robot dummy modeled after the building 's janitor ( silent film comedian Ben Turpin known for his crossed - eyes ) ; then to further romance , the janitor traded places with the dummy during a vaudeville stage performance to get closer to a woman in the show with whom he was smitten .
The Automatic Motorist
( 1911 , UK )
Homunculus ( 1916 , Ger. )
A Clever Dummy ( 1917 )
The Golem ( 1920 , Germ . ) ( aka Der Golem , wie er in die Welt kam )
Der Golem ( 1920 , Germ . ) ( aka wie er in die Welt kam ) The Golem ( 1920 , Ger. ) ( aka Der Golem ) Golem Paul Wegener directed three influential adaptations of the Golem legend by Gustav Meyrinck : Der Golem ( 1914 , Ger. ) ( aka The Monster of Fate )
Der Golem Und Die Tanzerin ( 1917 , Ger. ) ( aka The Golem and the Dancer ) - notably the first horror film sequel
Der Golem ( 1920 , Ger. ) ( aka The Golem : or How He Came Into the World ) , with Karl Freund as cinematographer
The first expressionistic film was based upon Central European myths and influenced later ' Frankenstein ' monster films in the early 1930s with themes of a creator losing control of his creation .
The Golem , played by Wegener himself , was an ancient clay figure from Hebrew mythology that was brought to life by Rabbi Loew 's magic amulet to defend and save the Jews in 16th century Prague from a pogrom threatened by Rudolf II of Habsburg .
The giant man-made , clay creature roamed and lumbered through the Jewish ghetto of medieval Prague to protect it from persecution .
The Master Mystery ( 1919 or 1920 ) ( aka The Houdini Serial , and Le Maitre du Mystere ) Q , or The Automaton Director Burton King 's and Harry Grossman 's independently - produced serial ( with 15 episodes , some of which are lost ) was made by Studio Pathe in France .
It starred magician and trick escapist artist Harry Houdini as heroic Justice Department / secret service agent Quentin Locke who battled a threatening and criminal international cartel / corporation ( the Patent Company ) .
The serial featured a huge , mechanical , evil robot named Q or The Automaton ( Floyd Buckley ) , the cartel 's protective robot - servant .
The criminal mastermind had a goofy - looking face and a barrel - shaped pelvis .
Houdini exposed the robot as a human in disguise .
This film had one of the earliest ( if not the first ) on - screen theatrical representation of a traditional robot .
The Mechanical Man ( 1921 , It. ) ( aka L’Uomo Meccanico ) Mechanical Man Writer / director Andre Deed 's short silent film ( only parts of which survive , in a fragmented form - in total , about a third of the original 80 minutes in length ) featured a giant , super - powered , 9 - 10 foot - tall , colossal evil " mechanical " robot , designed to commit robberies and create mayhem .
It was programmed and remotely - controlled by evil villainess adventuress Mado ( Valentina Frascaroli ) to cause severe damage with its fiery , acetylene blow - torch hands and its massive bulk .
The lumbering robot had headlights for eyes , and had the capability of running at high speed .
The film 's finale featured a climactic battle at a masked ball in the Opera House between the first monstrous robot and a second mechanical robot , specifically created ( with similar specifications ) to destroy the first one .
Metropolis ( 1927 , Ger. ) " Fake " Maria
This future dystopic silent film from director Fritz Lang featured one of the earliest robots ( and also female ! ) , a great iconic image .
At the time , most robots were either asexual or male .
The story was set in the year 2026 in the city of Metropolis .
The luxurious , futuristic , Art Deco city - an industrial world with skyscrapers and bridges , was divided or stratified into an upper , elite , privileged class of powerful industrialists and a subterranean , nameless , oppressed and exploited , ant - like worker / slave class .
An elite , privileged ruling technocracy , led by Joh Fredersen ( Alfred Abel ) , was run on the back - breaking labor of underground masses of toiling workers who ran the machines .
The children were cared for by the beautiful heroine Maria ( Brigitte Helm ) , who brought them to a forbidden artificial grotto of the ruling class .
There , her beauty overwhelmed Freder ( Gustav Frohlich ) , the son of the ruler of Metropolis , and he fell in love with her .
When he went searching for her , he became appalled by the horrors of the working world and the waste of life .
After discovering the workers ' clandestine meeting led by Maria , Freder 's controlling , glacial father conspired with archetypal mad scientist Rotwang ( Rudolf Klein - Rogge ) to create an evil , robotic Maria look - alike duplicate ( explicitly created to replace a specific human ) , in order to manipulate his workers and preach riot and rebellion .
The Art Deco-styled female robot ( also Brigitte Helm ) was constructed and brought to life by Rotwang as a metal android ( later inspiring Star Wars ' C - 3 PO ) .
It was supposed to resemble the dead wife of the city ’s ruler .
Rotwang had kidnapped the virtuous and compassionate union leader heroine Maria , and created an evil doppelganger of her in his laboratory - in a stunning transformation scene in which he copied Maria 's face and body onto the metal surface of the robot .
She was to deceptively become an evil , seductive and sadistic version of Maria .
The robot had a fully - armored head , with slits for eyes and mouth , sculpted shoulders , as well as a mechanically - jointed body with armor - like coverings on the legs and feet .
The android was created in order to discredit the real Maria by - among other things , performing lascivious , erotic dances to a frenzied male audience to incite them to riot ( as part of the aristocracy 's plan to brutally subdue them ) .
Der Herr Der Welt ( 1934 , Germ. ) ( aka Master of the World ) Giant Industrial Robot , and Army of Killer Robots Prolific director Harry Piel 's fourth science - fiction film ( of a quartet of science fiction films ) was a tale about robots created to take the place of human labor , but also posing a potential threat of taking over the world .
Robot inventor , machine manufacturer and scientist Dr. Erich Heller ( Walter Janssen ) and handsome mining engineer Werner Baumann ( Siegfried Schürenberg ) discussed a futuristic world where robotic machines would liberate mankind from hard labor or dangerous occupations ( such as mining ) .
In his work , Heller was assisted by Professor Wolf ( Walter Franck ) , a demented and crazed colleague who had completed work on a giant robot ( equipped with death rays ) in Heller 's long absence .
While confronting Wolf with overstepping his authority , Heller ordered the entire project to be dismantled , and was ' accidentally ' killed by the robot under Wolf 's control .
Soon after , Wolf 's evil plan was to displace mine workers with a vast army of killer robots , thus leaving the laborers unemployed .
In fact , the robots were attacking the mine workers who tried to get their jobs back .
Baumann had warned
Wolf that the workers would revolt if they lost their jobs , although Wolf 's evil plan was to crush any revolts with his ' war machines ' and achieve world domination ( " master of the world " ) .
In a climactic scene in the laboratory , there was a stand - off between Baumann , now in love with Vilma ( Sybille Schmitz ) - the widow of Dr. Heller and rightful owner of her dead husband 's company , and Wolf , who ordered his giant robot to attack Baumann .
Wolf was assaulted and killed by his own machine when he was caught in the cross - fire of death rays ( looking like static electricity bolts ) .
The lab and the robot were destroyed in an explosion .
Giant Robot
Flash Gordon ( 1936 ) ( aka Space Soldiers ) Ming 's Army / Guards ( possibly non-robotic ! )
In this popular 13 - part serial , blonde polo player Flash Gordon ( Larry ' Buster ' Crabbe ) and Dale Arden ( Jean Rogers ) joined up with Dr. Zarkov ( Frank Shannon ) on his home - made rocketship and went to the planet Mongo .
There , they confronted the evil ruling emperor , Ming the Merciless ( Charles Middleton ) , with pretty daughter Princess Aura ( Priscilla Lawson ) .
At the time , the planet Mongo was on a collision course with Earth .
Zarkov was able to persuade Ming to stop Mongo 's destructive path , although the tyrannical Ming then decided to take over Earth himself - and abduct Dale for himself .
In the first chapter , Flash , Dale , and Zarkov were taken prisoner by Officer Torch and two helmeted , mechanized robotic guards , known as " Annihilants " .
Ming 's deadly army was composed of these mechanical robotic soldiers with scientifically - advanced rifles .
When they went outside , the guards appeared to be wearing some kind of undergarment under their armored suits .
[ Note : Some regarded the army 's soldiers as non-robotic , as per the comic strip which portrayed the guards as human when they took off their helmets . ]
Armor -Suited Robots
Undersea Kingdom ( 1936 ) Volkites
This early action - packed Republic Pictures serial ( with twelve episodes or chapters ) was produced in haste to compete with Universal 's Flash Gordon ( 1936 ) serials .
It starred naval action hero Lt. Ray " Crash " Corrigan ( Ray Corrigan ) and featured the lost city of Atlantis at the bottom of the sea .
Trash can - like robot soldiers with zap rays guns ( Atomguns ) called Volkites were commanded by warlord Unga Khan ( Monte Blue ) , the evil tyrannical ruler of the Black Robes and remote - controlled by his equally - evil henchman Captain Hakur ( Lon Chaney , Jr. ) .
The Volkites were used to attack the sacred city of Atlantis .
The Phantom Creeps ( 1939 ) " Iron Man " Universal 's 12 - part serial titled The Phantom Creeps , was advertised as having : 12 Spine - Shivering Action Chapters .
This was the last serial for Bela Lugosi who starred as mad scientist Dr. Alex Zorka intent on taking over the world .
He invented a fearsome , slow - moving 8 - foot golem - like iron monster or robot that he referred to as " his iron man " ( played by 7 ' 4 " tall stuntman Ed Wolff ) , featuring a sculpted round human - like head .
The super - strong robot was remote - controlled , designed to " crush all opposition and make me the most powerful man in the world " - according to Dr. Zorka .
A jailed mafia hitman has linked Silvio Berlusconi to Sicily 's Cosa Nostra , telling a Turin court that a clan boss convicted for a spate of deadly bombings boasted of ties to Berlusconi in the early 1990s , just before the Italian prime minister entered politics .
Gaspare Spatuzza , a mob killer turned state witness , said today that boss Giuseppe Graviano told him Berlusconi and his business partner Marcello Dell ' Utri had " practically placed the country in our hands " .
Spatuzza spoke from behind a hospital screen and a line of police officers in an underground courtroom during an appeal launched by Dell ' Utri , now a senator in Berlusconi 's Freedom People party , against his nine - year sentence for collaborating with the mafia .
Spatuzza said Graviano met him at a cafe on Rome 's Via Veneto in early 1994 where he described Berlusconi and Dell ' Utri as " serious people " who had helped the mafia .
Media mogul Berlusconi was elected prime minister later that year .
He is not involved in the current trial .
Pressed on what deal had been struck , Spatuzza said he had no information .
A spokesman for Berlusconi said Spatuzza 's evidence proved the mafia wanted revenge for the current clampdown on Italy 's mafia organisations , which has seen the arrest of 15 of Italy 's top 30 most wanted bosses and seizures of assets running to ¤8 m a day .
Spatuzza is not " an anti-mafia informant but a real mafioso " , said Dell ' Utri .
Turning his back on a murderous career in which he reportedly ate a sandwich while stirring a vat of acid containing the bones of a victim , Spatuzza claims he discovered religion after his arrest in 1997 .
" I was at a crossroads , " he said in court , " either God or Cosa Nostra " .
Berlusconi reportedly said today that Spatuzza 's claims were part of an " absurd trap " against him .
" Berlusconi is more afraid of his wife than Spatuzza , " said Dell ' Utri , referring to Berlusconi 's current divorce proceedings .
The prime minister is meanwhile facing two trials after Italy 's constitutional court threw out his bid to pass an immunity law .
Berlusconi was due in the dock today for the opening of his trial for bribing British lawyer David Mills , but a judge adjourned proceedings to allow the prime minister to attend a cabinet meeting .
The next hearing is now scheduled for 15 January .
A prosecution source today said that the delay would not increase the risk of the trial being timed out under Italy 's statute of limitations as the " clock " would be stopped until the next court date .
Mills has already been sentenced to four and a half years in prison , pending an appeal , for accepting a $ 600,000 bribe in 1997 to withhold evidence about Berlusconi 's business dealings .
The Pennsylvania House of Representatives today will hold its first - ever hearing on a bill that would legalize marijuana for medical purposes .
The House Health and Human Services Committee will hold a public hearing at 11 a.m. in Room 140 of the Main Capitol in Harrisburg on a bill from state Rep. Mark B. Cohen , D - Phila. , H.B. 1393 , which would permit the use of medical marijuana in Pennsylvania .
Cohen will hold a news conference at 10 a.m. with people who say they would have their suffering reduced or eliminated if they were allowed to use medical marijuana in Pennsylvania .
The news conference will be at the East Wing Rotunda at the Capitol .
" The time has come for Pennsylvania to join 13 other states that allow patients suffering from cancer , glaucoma , HIV or other physically painful diseases to use medical marijuana , " Cohen said in a press release .
" It is important the committee and the public hear the powerful stories from these patients about the beneficial use of medical marijuana in treating pain and other symptoms of debilitating medical conditions . "
The House Health and Human Services Committee hearing on H.B. 1393 will be streamed live on
www.pahouse.com
.
Comments
Off on The Babysitter | เดอะ เบบี้ซิตเตอร์ ( 2017 )
Mozilla Messaging pushed the stable release of Thunderbird 3 out of the nest on Tuesday , and there 's a lot to like in case you have n't been following the beta development of this Outlook alternative .
The long - overdue Thunderbird 3 is available for Windows , Mac , and Linux , and it introduces several hefty new features and some long - needed improvements , including an overhauled search and message indexing , tab support , and a revamped setup wizard that 's designed to make new account setup quick and painless .
One feature that is n't included is the calendaring add - on , Lightning .
Originally , Mozilla had planned to bake the extension into the program , but decided back in February 2009 to change course and leave it up to users to download .
Although Thunderbird natively comes with Microsoft Exchange support , there 's no calendar and therefore no meeting support in the default Thunderbird installation .
Along with Lightning , there 's an essential Google Calendar add - on for Lightning that gives Google users calendar support in Lightning .
Currently , the only version of Lightning that works in Thunderbird 3 is the nightly build , available here .
Even without Lightning , Thunderbird makes for an excellent desktop - based e-mail client .
Beyond Outlook replacement , it also makes a savvy offline or local - storage tool for the various Web mail providers .
Gmail integration has existed in Thunderbird for a while , but improvements in version 3 include better recognition and integration of Gmail 's special folders .
These include Sent and Trash , and the non-English versions of Gmail .
The All Mail option in Gmail defaults in Thunderbird to the Archives folder .
( Credit : Screenshot by Seth Rosenblatt / CNET )
Undeniably , the killer feature in Thunderbird 3 is the search .
The most obvious competitor , Microsoft Outlook , does n't offer anything that comes close to the level of granular control that Mozilla has given Thunderbird users .
The new search bar is dominant at the top of the interface , and is set by default to search all messages .
When you search , a new tab will open with your results organized as shown in the screenshot above .
Filters based on e-mail addresses , folders , and tags appear on the left , while the majority of the window is given over to displaying summaries of the e-mails that meet your criteria .
There 's also a timeline bar graph at the top of the results .
Click it , and then mouse over any of the subcategories to see how they occurred over time .
You can change the search box to one of several filters , including Subject , From , Recipient , To , CC , and Message Body .
Frustratingly , you can't filter by Tag .
You can also save any of these filtered searches as a virtual folder .
Editors ' note :
The previous two paragraphs have been rewritten for clarity .
( Credit : Screenshot by Seth Rosenblatt / CNET )
There is one drawback to the search : the first time it indexes your messages , you 're potentially in for a long , long wait .
In testing , this depended entirely on the number of messages in your folders .
High volume accounts , whether locally archived or all on a server , should probably set their indexing to run overnight .
After the first indexing , each new e-mail is added as it comes in .
E -mails open by default into new tabs , making the e-mail reading experience far more similar to the Web - browsing one .
This can be toggled under the Advanced section of the Options , under the Reading and Display tab .
The hot keys for the e-mail tabs have been mapped the same as in Firefox , so middle - click an e-mail to open it in a new tab but retain your focus on the current tab .
The CTRL + Tab hot key combo will cycle through your tabs , and there 's an open tab button on the right side of the tab bar to help manage your tabs .
There 's a new activity manager that records all interactions between your e-mail provider and Thunderbird , making it easier to track down errors when you send or receive mail .
There 's also an entirely new system for archiving messages based on Gmail 's " archive and forget it " method .
The new version offers the traditional multiple - folder - based solution , as well as the new dumping - ground style , which can be activated via the " A " hot key .
Thunderbird 3 supports Firefox personas , too , further reinforcing their shared architecture .
( Credit : Screenshot by Seth Rosenblatt / CNET )
Other changes include major code improvements .
The setup wizard now looks to mozillamessaging .com for additional information on how to configure the account .
This changes how new Web mail accounts are created .
Mozilla has said that only the domain name from your e-mail address gets sent to Mozilla 's servers , and that the entire process falls under the Mozilla 's privacy policy .
Nevertheless , it 's a move that 's likely to cause some concern among privacy advocates .
The compact header mode has been deleted , which is sure to annoy those who like using Thunderbird on smaller - form computers like Netbooks .
Windows users should see Thunderbird results appearing in federated searches in Windows Vista and Windows 7 , while Mac users will find Growl notification support for new e-mails , integration with Spotlight and the Mac OS X address book , and support for Mail.app .
The full changelog for Thunderbird 3 can be read here .
Thunderbird 3 rates as a top - notch e-mail client , and it 's definitely the best freeware one around .
It will require some fidgeting to get it to be usable in a corporate environment , but it 's far more scalable to user needs than anything else currently available .
Dec. 21 , 2009  --
A high - ranking Army official 's new policy making pregnancy among troops in Iraq an offense punishable by court - martial is raising eyebrows , even though experts say he is well within his rights to do so .
According to the Nov. 4 general order of Maj. Gen. Anthony Cucolo III , a commander in northern Iraq , the punishment would apply not only to the female soldiers who become pregnant , but also to the male soldiers who impregnate them , even if the couple is married .
Cucolo told ABC
News that the policy , believed to be the first of its kind , was necessary to avoid losing valuable troops in his 22,000 - member command .
" I need every soldier I 've got , especially since we are facing a drawdown of forces during our mission .
Anyone who leaves this fight earlier than the expected 12 - month deployment creates a burden on their teammates , " he said in a statement .
" Anyone who leaves this fight early because they made a personal choice that changed their medical status -- or contributes to doing that to another -- is not in keeping with a key element of our ethos , ' I will always place the mission first , ' or three of our seven core values : loyalty , duty and selfless service , " he continued .
" And I believe there should be negative consequences for making that personal choice . "
The pregnancy policy is just one provision in a larger general order that also prohibits soldiers from sexual contact with Iraqis or third - party nationals who are not members of coalition forces .
Provisions in the Nov. 4 order are also applicable to civilians under Cucolo 's command .
" I do not expect those who have never served in the military to completely understand what I have tried to explain above , " Cucolo wrote .
" Recently I was asked , ' Do n't you think you are treading on an intensely personal topic ? '
As intensely personal as this topic might be , leaving those who depend on you shorthanded in a combat zone gets to be personal for those left , too . "
Army spokesman Lt. Col. Nathan Banks told ABCNews.com today that Cucolo , like any other commander , has the right to institute and enforce policies as he sees fit .
" Under his command , that 's his take , " Banks said .
That means , Banks said , that troops in different parts of Iraq and Afghanistan are subject to varying regulations .
Some commanders , he noted , have made DUI a court martial - worth offense , while some have n't .
Civilian military lawyer Wayne Kastl , lead counsel with the Military Defender law firm , said this type of policy proves this is n't your grandfather 's Army .
He pointed to stories about drinking , sex and other debauchery that permeated Army life during previous wars .
" I think the policy is to put the fear of God into folks over there , " he told ABCNews.com .
" I do n't like it , but I would say that order over there is probably legal . "
" I think the troops over there are fighting hard and getting PTSD and all sorts of horrible stuff , " Kastl said .
If they need a " little comfort helping through the night , " he added , so be it .
John Hutson , a former longtime military judge advocate and currently the president and dean of Franklin Pierce Law School in New Hampshire , said it 's well within Cucolo 's rights to hand down such an order , especially if pregnancy has become a serious issue within his ranks .
When a woman becomes pregnant , " you 've taken somebody and you 've made her less effective , " he said .
" And I think its only fair that if you do that with the woman then the man be held equally culpable . "
But if the measure is largely preventative and not in response to a growing trend , Huston said , " then it 's probably ill - advised . "
Will New Policy Cut Back on Pregnancies Planned to Flee Iraq ?
" It 's not saying you can't have sex , " Hutson said .
" You have to take precautions . "
Still , he added , " in some respects , it flies in the face of family values . "
National Organization for Women president Terry O'Neill said the policy infringes on women 's rights .
" How dare any government say we 're going to impose any kind of punishment on women for getting pregnant , " O'Neill said .
" This is not the 1800s . "
She said NOW would seek to have Cucolo 's order rescinded , and would turn to Defense Secretary Robert Gates and even President Obama for help .
" We 're going to contact the White House and see if we can contact the Department of Defense and find out if anything can be done to reverse this ridiculous order , " O'Neill said .
Kastl said he understands the Army may have its reasons for such an order .
Sex among its ranks can cause trouble in many regards , including favoritism of the partner .
Also , soldiers found to be pregnant are sent back to the U.S. in short order and Kastl said he has heard anecdotal evidence of female soldiers intentionally getting pregnant to be sent home .
Because of that , he said , " I can see why they 're doing it . "
Hutson agreed , saying pregnancies planned to relieve the female soldier of duty is a form of malingering , an Army term for a soldier who injures him - or herself to prevent dangerous assignments .
Kastl noted that the Army already encourages its female soldiers to take medication to stop their menstrual cycle .
And in some cases , Cucolo 's order may be redundant , since the Army already prohibits fraternization between superiors and subordinates , though it seemingly has no current take on sexual contact between members of the same rank .
Cucolo himself said in the statement to ABC News that his order " made an existing policy stricter . "
But Hutson worried that Cucolo 's policy could cause an increase in abortions overseas .
And since military hospitals do not perform such procedures , female officers may find abortions are available not " in the way you want them , " Hutson said , forcing women to potentially dangerous providers of such services .
O'Neill echoed those concerns .
" Where are they going to go ? " she said .
" Where in Iraq are they going to terminate a pregnancy ? "
Kastl theorized that the punishment handed down to those who violate Cucolo 's order would likely be handled as a violation of Article 91 , or violation of a general order , which is punishable by up to one or two years in prison .
But he said it 's unlikely the Army would actually keep an expectant mother or father behind bars for that length of time .
ABC News ' Aadel Rashid contributed to this story .
My kids just love this app !
Easy to use and a great interface ... just love it !
WimDS
If you 're looking for a way to check out YouTube clips outside the browser , it 's a really elegant solution Lifehacker
Makes it impossible to stop watching videos when what you should be doing is writing that program 's review .
PCWorld
It 's a terrific app that eliminates the need to poke around YouTube 's Web site and navigate through a sea of ads , comments , and related videos you may not care about .
OStatic
Minitube allows you to search for videos in a breeze without any complications in between .
AppYourMac
It sort of subtly changes your perception of what 's going on .
Linux Format
It 's been a long time since I found a program that works out of the box and does what the blurb says it should .
Minitube belongs on every multimedia PC .
Linux Magazine
I believe you succeeded well in your goal to make watching videos more like the experience of watching television , and more enjoyable .
Tim
I will be installing a copy of Minitube om my Mother 's PC .
I think Minitube would be a terrific way to introduce her to the world of Internet video .
She really LOVES television , so I think she will like using Minitube as well .
Tim
My 4 years old is a big fan of Minitube ;-) Roberto
A clean , modern interface and no requirement of third party plug-ins makes this program an invaluable tool Tomaaato
My dad has even told me that this is without a doubt the program that he spends most of his time on ( he does other things , but this is almost constantly open in another space playing some traditional Italian music or 1930s comedies ) .
Tomaaato
Great app !
Was hesitant to buy , but it did what it said and was exactly what I was after !
James Bedford
Works very well and is genuinely useful .
Allan Campbell
At first , I was skeptical of the utility of Minitube .
After installing it , and running it , I ' get ' the purpose , and would gladly recommend it Will , Stormfront Tech
​ Why does the U.S. federal government keep pushing outdated lies about marijuana ’s health consequences and potential for addiction ?
Because it ’s a lucrative business , according to Paul Armentano of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws ( NORML ) .
In an op - ed piece over at AlterNet , Armentano , deputy director of NORML , points out that the feds are wasting their time — and your money — researching what must be the Loch Ness Monster of the drug policy world ( as in nobody can prove it exists ) , “ marijuana addiction . ”
Yes , you read that right .
“ Marijuana addiction . ”
According to the U.S. National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) , “ Cannabis related disorders ( CRDs ) , including cannabis abuse or dependence and cannabis induced disorders ( e.g. , intoxication , delirium , psychotic disorder , and anxiety disorder ) are a major public health issue . ”
Because , first of all , um , “ Nearly one million people are seeking treatment for marijuana dependencies every year ” and besides , “ sufficient research has been carried out to confirm that the use of cannabis can produce serious physical and psychological consequences . ”
And how , exactly , did those luminaries at NIH come to that remarkable conclusion ?
OK , first things first .
You gotta love that these acronym - loving policy wonks have come up with an actual abbreviation for the bad things pot ’s supposed to do to you .
Just making something up because you wish it so is one thing , but give it a catchy acronym like CRDs and suddenly it ’s real , right ?
Right ?
Which brings us to …
The Great Marijuana Rehab Scam
Photo : NORML
​ As Armentano points out , there are n’t “ one million people seeking treatment for marijuana dependence ” ; it is n’t even close .
The real number , according to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) , the actual number of persons seeking drug treatment for marijuana “ as a primary substance for admission in 2007 ( the most recent year with available data ) was 287,933 .
That ’s a lot less than “ a million . ”
But there ’s more .
If there really are 288,000 folks are year who need help quitting marijuana , then maybe there ’s reason for concern , right ?
Wrong answer , Believer Of Bureaucrats .
Almost all of these “ people seeking treatment ” are FORCED to do so by court orders , under threat of jail , after having been busted for possessing small amounts of pot .
Great use of public resources , eh ?
Just think about all those spaces in addiction recovery support groups that could have available for real addicts having problems with meth , crack , and heroin .
Never mind those guys !
We ’ve got the potheads going to rehab !
According to the Substance Abuse Mental Health Services Administration ( SAMHSA ) , more than a third of the 288,000 people entering “ drug treatment for marijuana ” had n’t even smoked any pot in the 30 days prior to the admission .
Does n’t sound much like they were addicted , does it ?
Another 16 percent admitted they ’d only used marijuana three times or less in the month prior to their admission .
That just does n’t sound much like the sort of out - of - control behavior we associate with drug addicts .
Do these people meet the clinical standard of being in “ the state of being psychologically and physiologically dependent on a drug ” ?
Of course not .
These people do n’t belong in drug rehab with real addicts .
The only reason they are there is that they were given the choice between pretending to be drug addicts and attending the meetings , or going to jail .
That ’s a no- brainer , right ?
Having been both places , I ’d certainly rather spend a few evenings with recovering addicts ( even if they sometimes tend to be a little whiney ) than a few months with pissed - off inmates just looking for an excuse to “ touch you up . ”
A report published by SAMHSA indicates nearly six of 10 individuals “ enrolled in drug treatment for marijuana ” were forced there by the criminal justice system ( I ’d suspect the actual number is even higher ) .
The criminal justice system is the largest single source of referrals to the substance abuse treatment system , according to SAMHSA .
The majority of these referrals come from parole and probation offices , i.e. , parolees and probationers who fail urinalysis tests because the smoked a little weed .
The Myth of Marijuana ’s “ Serious Consequences ”
From “ Reefer Madness ”
​ Any serious and impartial study of the adverse effects of marijuana use almost immediately runs into one striking and unavoidable fact :
It ’s glaringly apparent that marijuana ’s potential negative effects are minor when compared to those of legal drugs such as opiates ( physically habit - forming and capable of causing overdose deaths ) , alcohol ( same on both counts ) and tobacco .
A newly published clinical trial from the journal Drug and Alcohol Dependence raises serious doubts about the physical and psychological consequences of quitting pot , as well , Armentano points out .
Researchers at four separate universities in Germany studied the self - reported “ withdrawal symptoms ” of 73 subjects judged to be “ cannabis dependent ” ; all subjects resided in an inpatient facility .
It was determined than less than half of the subjects reported any withdrawal symptoms of clinical significance .
Remember , these are all people who ’d been diagnosed as being “ cannabis dependent , ” whatever that ’s supposed to mean .
Even among the minority who did report such symptoms , “ The intensity of most self - reported symptoms peaked on day one and decreased subsequently . ”
What were these scary - sounding symptoms of quitting pot , anyway ?
Well , the most frequently mentioned physical symptoms on day one were sleeping problems ( 21 percent ) , sweating ( 28 % ) , hot flashes ( 21 % ) , and decreased appetite ( 15 % ) .
Psychological symptoms included restlessness ( 20 % ) , nervousness ( 20 % ) , and sadness ( 19 percent ) .
Now , I ’m not trained in psychology ( oh , wait ! I am ) , but those symptoms sound pretty much like what I ’d expect to feel if you locked me in a rehab facility ( for pot ! ) , tell me I ’m not free to go , and that smoking weed is no longer cool .
Restlessness ?
Damn right .
Nervousness ?
Check ; I get arrested if I leave .
Sadness ?
Duh .
Bottom line , marijuana ’s “ withdrawal symptoms ” are so mild and subtle as to be laughable compared to those associated with quitting alcohol or heroin addiction ( which can be fatal ) or quitting tobacco ( which many addicts report is harder to kick than heroin ) .
Follow The Money
Photo : Coaster420
​ So why does NIDA soberly claim that “ therapeutic interventions ” are necessary and important , “ given the extent of use of cannabis in the general population ” ?
( Adolescent pot use has actually been falling steadily since 1979 . )
Why is it so crucial to manufacture this bugaboo and to pretend it ’s scary ?
Well , there are currently no accepted medications to aid in “ quitting marijuana , ” and to help in combatting those fearsome CRDs ( remember them ? )
And some companies ( and , well , government officials ) see a huge profit potential in fighting the marijuana monster .
On Nov. 3 , Kentucky - based pharmaceutical corporation All Tranz Inc. announced it was the proud recipient of a $ 4 million NIDA grant to promote a “ transdermal tetrahydrocannabinol ( THC ) patch ” for the supposed “ treatment of marijuana dependence and withdrawal . ”
“ NIDA is interested in exploring the role of transdermal THC delivery as an innovative way to treat marijuana withdrawal symptoms and dependence , ” said the agency ’s director , Nora Volkow .
And here ’s where it gets exquisitely surreal .
“ This is especially relevant to our efforts to fill a critical gap in available treatments for the many Am
ericans struggling with marijuana - related disorders and their detrimental medical and social consequences , ” Volkow helpfully tells us .
So , Nora .
You ’re telling us there ’s a huge crowd of desperate marijuana addicts trying to kick the weed , who need these enormously expensive THC patches so that they can still feel hungry ?
Wow , yeah , man .
Sounds like an emergency , all right .
Never mind that the symptoms of “ marijuana dependence and withdrawal ” are rare , and mild even when they do occur .
Never mind that THC permeates the skin , at best , slowly and inefficiently ( because of its fat solubility ) .
Forget all that , because there ’s a research center to staff , tax dollars to spend and Reefer Madness myths to keep alive .
Facts be damned ; there ’s some money to be made here .
The cult of counterinsurgency .
On the night of December 1 , shortly after Barack Obama announced plans to send 30,000 more U.S. troops to Afghanistan , retired Lt. Colonel John Nagl appeared on MSNBC ’s “ The Rachel Maddow Show . ”
Maddow was dismayed by Obama ’s new plan , which she called “ massive escalation , ” but , when she introduced Nagl , a counterinsurgency expert who has long called for a greater U.S. commitment to Afghanistan -- even if it means raising taxes and expanding the military -- she was surprisingly friendly .
And , after Nagl spent the segment praising Obama ’s plan , which he said would throw back the Taliban and enable more civil and economic development , Maddow may have remained skeptical -- but she was also admiring .
“ It ’s a real pleasure to have you on the show , John , ” she said .
Had someone like Bill Kristol given that same assessment of Obama ’s speech , Maddow might have tarred him as a bloodthirsty proponent of endless war .
Which is why Nagl is one of the administration ’s most important allies as it tries to sell the United States on a renewed commitment to Afghanistan .
A former tank commander in Iraq and co-author of the Army ’s landmark 2006 counterinsurgency manual , Nagl has become a fixture on television and in news articles about Afghanistan ; he ’s even made an appearance on “ The Daily Show . ”
With the authority of a man who has worn a uniform in combat , and the intellectual heft of a Rhodes Scholar , he has helped to persuade many liberals that pursuing a counterinsurgency strategy in Afghanistan is the only viable path to success .
Certainly , that ’s what Obama and his staff are hoping .
During Obama ’s Afghanistan review process this fall , top White House aides like Rahm Emanuel were immersed in Lewis Sorley ’s A Better War : The Unexamined Victories and Final Tragedy of America ’s Last Years in Vietnam , which argues that counterinsurgency techniques were turning around the Vietnam war until Washington pulled the plug in exhaustion .
And , by committing 30,000 troops , plus winning almost 10,000 more from nato allies , Obama has effectively endorsed General Stanley McChrystal ’s written assessment of the war , the first page of which calls for “ an integrated civilian - military counterinsurgency campaign . ”
“ I would say that the decision the president reached is an acknowledgement that counterinsurgency is the least bad of the options available , ” Nagl says .
Another reason Nagl has sway with the left and the Obama administration -- he was recently named to the Pentagon ’s Defense Policy Board - - has to do with where he hangs his hat .
Nagl is currently president of the Center for a New American Security ( CNAS ) , a Washington think tank established in February 2007 by a group of former Clintonites who wanted to reassert the voice of centrist Democrats on military and foreign affairs .
Since then , a full 14 former CNAS hands have landed jobs inside Obama ’s Pentagon and State Department .
Those who remain work on a variety of issues , from China to climate change .
But these days , CNAS is most visible for its policy papers and commentary on counterinsurgency in Afghanistan and Iraq .
Its Democratic roots have given CNAS cred from Capitol Hill to the White House to places like Maddow ’s set .
And its prominence , in turn , has effectively hitched the Democratic wagon to the ambitious ideals of counterinsurgency , with some liberals even arguing that the doctrine -- with its emphasis on protecting and improving the lives of civilians -- is thoughtful , humane , and , therefore , inherently progressive .
But there is risk in this approach .
Washington ’s current enthusiasm for counterinsurgency is based largely on its apparent success in stabilizing Iraq - - even though it ’s not clear that the doctrine ’s sophisticated tenets deserve all or even most of the credit .
Indeed , an argument is brewing in military circles about whether the doctrine ’s potential has been oversold .
What happens next in Afghanistan could settle it .
State schools admit they do not push gifted pupils because they do n't want to promote ' elitism '
As many as three - quarters of state schools are failing to push their brightest pupils because teachers are reluctant to promote ' elitism ' , an Ofsted study says today .
Many teachers are not convinced of the importance of providing more challenging tasks for their gifted and talented pupils .
Bright youngsters told inspectors they were forced to ask for harder work .
Others were resentful at being dragooned into ' mentoring ' weaker pupils .
Previous studies have pointed to a widespread ideological reluctance in schools and local authorities to champion academic excellence ( file photo )
In nearly three - quarters of 26 schools studied , pupils designated as being academically gifted or talented in sport or the arts were ' not a priority ' , Ofsted found .
Teachers feared that a focus on the brightest pupils would ' undermine the school 's efforts to improve the attainment and progress of all other groups of pupils ' .
Head teachers told inspectors that ministers had failed to give a strong enough signal that catering for gifted pupils should be central to schools ' work .
Schools are meant to identify the top 5 to 10 per cent of pupils as ' gifted and talented ' and ensure they are given appropriate tasks to help them achieve their potential .
By September 2010 , such pupils should expect to receive written confirmation from their school of the extra activities and master - classes they will benefit from .
The schools in the study , 17 secondary and nine primary , were chosen because they had been told to improve provision for gifted pupils .
Previous studies have pointed to a widespread ideological reluctance in schools and local authorities to champion academic excellence .
A separate study has called for the introduction of academic selection at the age of 13 or 14 to identify pupils who excel at science .
The study , by Professor Alan Smithers and Dr Pamela Robinson of Buckingham University , said it was ' a nonsense ' that specialist science schools were barred from selecting pupils according to their ability in science .
To you , brave pirate of the digital seas ,
Thank you for devoting some of your precious internet tubing to the downloading of my first book , Shatnerquake .
You may be wondering why I am offering my book for free .
It is because I am an avid downloader as well .
I believe that information , art , and entertainment wants to be free .
The internet has allowed us all so many opportunities to share with each other .
To resist this is to resist the future .
Others may attempt to block this forward progression with lawsuits and file protection .
I , instead , want to do what I can to contribute to this wonderful digital community .
So , thanks for downloading and taking an interest in my work .
If you like the book , please take a few minutes to write a quick review on Amazon.com or Goodreads .
Or post about it on your blog or favorite message board .
Hell , just tell your friends about it the next time you are drinking together .
These small actions really do a lot to help out independent artists .
And in this era of crushing multi-national conglomerates and economic strife , we independents can use all the help we can get .
And if you do n’t like the book , at least you did n’t have to pay for it .
Yours in downloading ,
Jeff Burk
Sorry !
The Free Download time is over .
But You can Download Five other Bizarro Books for Free Here !
Tip Jar
BUY SHATNERQUAKE
From Amazon.com
From BizarroCentral
LEARN MORE ABOUT BIZARRO FICTION
Share this : Facebook
Reddit
Twitter
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
You know what TomTom has that Google Maps Navigation does n't ?
Snoop . D. O. Double G. Voice Skins , the same company that brought Homer Simpson to the world of turn - by - turn , paid tha cost to hire da boss himself , which is now available for $ 12.95 and compatible with all TomTom devices .
The Doggfather telling us how to get to Taco Bell ?
Let 's face it , sharp lefts really are so fly .
Crank up the bass , videos are after the break .
[ Thanks , Brandon ]
Patricia Brennan from Yale University is trying to encourage male Muscovy ducks to launch their ballistic penises into test tubes .
Normally , the duck keeps its penis inside - out within a sac in its body .
When the time for mating arrives , the penis explodes outwards to a fully - erect 20 cm , around a quarter of the animal 's total body length .
The whole process takes just a third of a second and Brennan captures it all on high - speed camera .
This is n't just bizarre voyeurism .
Duck penises are a wonderful example of the strange things that happen when sexual conflict shapes the evolution of animal bodies .
Childhood ... violated ...
Innocence ... lost ...
SCIENCE !
Many ducks form bonds between males and females that last for a whole mating season .
But rival males often violently force themselves onto females .
To gain the edge in these conflicts , drakes have evolved large corkscrew phalluses , lined with ridges and backward - pointing spines , which allow them to deposit their sperm further into a female than their rivals .
These extreme penises are even more unusual when you consider that 97 % of bird species lack any penises whatsoever .
But female ducks have developed countermeasures .
Their vaginas are equally long and twisting , lined with dead - end pockets and spirals that curve in the opposite direction .
They are organic chastity belts , evolved to limit the effectiveness of the males ' lengthy genitals .
Two years ago , Brennan showed that duck species whose males have the longest penises tend to have females with the most elaborate vaginas .
Now , she has found further evidence that these complex genitals are the result of a long - lasting war of the sexes .
Duck penises ( and those other birds ) work in a different way to human ones .
For a start , they are flexible when erect .
Human penises stiffen thanks to an onrush of blood ; for ducks , it 's lymph that does the job .
Finally , human males get erections before having sex but drakes evert their penis directly into the female 's vagina .
That presents a problem .
To really study the mechanics of a duck penis , you can't just fluff the animal .
You need to give it something to have sex with .
That 's where the glass tubes come in .
Brennan used four different shapes : a straight tube ; a counterclockwise helix that matches the spiral of the male 's penis ; a clockwise spiral going in the opposite direction ; and a tube with a sharp 135 degree kink , that mimics the position of the first cul - de-sac pouch in the female 's vagina .
Brennan took these tubes to a commercial duck farm in California , where Muscovy drakes provide semen for artificial insemination .
She watched as the handlers placed a female in the same cage as a randy drake , and waited until the male mounted her .
Just as he was getting ready to mate , Brennan intercepted him with one of the four oiled tubes , touching it to a pair of sensitive spots that immediately trigger the explosive erection and ejaculation .
Her videos revealed the process of duck erection in painstaking detail , including how long it takes to evert the different parts of the penis , how fast the ejaculate is and how long it takes to retract the appendage ( around 2 minutes ) .
They showed that the drakes easily launched their penises into the straight tubes and the ones that matched the direction of their spiral .
The tubes that spiralled in the wrong direction or bent at a sharp angle proved to be more challenging , and mostly stopped the males from achieving a full erection .
So the shape of the female duck 's vagina is a physical barrier that prevents the male from launching forth his ballistic penis to its fullest extent .
It wo n't stop a drake from ejaculating ( and those in Brennan 's trials always did ) , but it does limit how far the semen is deposited along the vaginal tract .
Not all males are hit equally hard by these defences .
Those that the female actually wants to mate with have an easier time .
If she 's into a male , she strikes a pose that signals her receptiveness , keeping her body level and lifting her tail feathers high .
She repeatedly contracts the walls of her genital tract , relaxing them for long enough for favoured suitors to achieve full penetration .
Males who try to force themselves upon her receive no such help and have to cope with vigorous struggling .
The female may not be able to resist such advances , but her convoluted vagina gives her ultimate control over where the sperm of her current partner ends up .
The fact that only 3 % of duck offspring are born of forced matings suggests that females are indeed winning this battle of the sexes .
Clearly , it 's not size that matters , but what she lets you do with it that counts .
Reference : Brennan , P. , Clark , C. , & Prum , R. ( 2009 ) .
Explosive eversion and functional morphology of the duck penis supports sexual conflict in waterfowl genitalia Proceedings of the Royal Society B : Biological Sciences DOI : 10.1098/rspb.2009.2139
Update : Check out Carl Zimmer 's excellent take on this story
More on animal penises and sexual conflict :
To emphasize her point , Kornblut relates an anecdote regarding a talk that former Vice - Presidential candidate Geraldine Ferraro had with her own daughter .
In particular , it centers around why the latter voted for Barack Obama instead of then - Candidate Clinton .
[ Ferraro's ] daughter struggled to explain , saying Obama just inspired her .
" What does he inspire you to do , leave your husband and three kids and your practice and go work for Doctors Without Borders ? "
Ferraro snapped in response .
Ferraro was livid , and distraught .
What more did Hillary Clinton have to do to prove herself ?
How could anyone -- least of all Ferraro 's own daughter -- fail to grasp the historic significance of electing a woman president , in probably the only chance the country would have to do so for years to come ?
Ferraro hung up enraged , not so much at her daughter but at the world .
Clinton was being unfairly cast aside , and , along with her , the dreams of a generation and a movement .
I often wish that we would not enshrine our heroes and our victories in concrete , granite , and bronze .
I like it even less when we enshrine them in the pages of history textbooks that peddle the myth while glossing over the reality .
Doing so often makes people believe that the cause is somehow fulfilled , the dream somehow firmly resolved rather than supremely deferred .
The battle may be won , but the war continues .
The Civil War might have concluded over a century ago , but we still deal with the consequences and the fallout .
The Civil Rights Movement did not end with the enactment of the Voting Rights Act , and as we have seen recently , the establishment of Medicaid and Medicare , successful as they are , did not mean that additional reform was unnecessary .
I am sure that the cause of women 's rights would not draw to a neatly satisfactory coda if the Equal Rights Amendment were to be enacted , either .
Third - wave feminists in their twenties and thirties , like myself , contrary to what those who came before might think , do certainly appreciate the protests , the struggles , and the hard won concessions of our elders , but we also feel understandably slighted and devalued when our mothers ( and some fathers ) think that we must be ungrateful and unappreciative for their sacrifices .
At times this attitude reminds me of my childhood , particularly being upbraided by my mother as an spoiled ingrate for all of the things she did for me , denying her own desires in the process .
After all , my own mother was heavily indebted to Women 's Liberation , though the label " Feminist " is one that she was reluctant to wear on her sleeve , though I 'm sure she might identify as such if asked in conversation .
Moreover , there is a very real temptation with age to run in place rather than forward and in so doing believe that the reward for a job well done is to rest on one 's haunches and bask in the glory of a fading epoch .
Activism and activists ought not to expect nor be satisfied with retirement .
If sexism and misogyny were present in the same fashion as in , say , 1970 , the second - wave pioneers might have a point .
But being that the only constant in life is change , so too is injustice and oppression .
Enemies reform , evil regenerates , and new problems require new solutions .
This is where we differ from our parents and this is where those of an earlier time fail to make the connection .
To younger voters , Clinton was both a relic of that era and a victim of its success .
She was the wrong woman at the wrong time ; she was a Clinton ; she had n't gotten there on her own ; a woman could be elected another year .
After all , the reasoning went , it would be easy enough next time .
Look how simple it had been for her .
This is not true one iota .
Younger voters did n't vote for Hillary Clinton for the same reason that voters for voters of every age cast their votes for the other guy .
To be blunt , she ran an awful campaign .
The prevailing strategy adopted by her inner circle was neither inspiring , nor particularly coherent .
The candidate herself did nothing to dispel public perception of her worst qualities , with the exception of one unguarded moment in New Hampshire when she shed tears .
The Clinton '08 bandwagon was indebted to inertia and entitlement , two qualities which almost always prove fatal in politics .
Running as though she had already won left her unguarded and utterly unable to keep the Obama campaign from running circles around the Clinton machine and in so doing energizing the base of the party and the natural human inclination to support the underdog .
In life , the best prepared team wins , as does the team who clearly desires victory the most .
There is , of course , a happy ending for those whose affections still lie with Hillary Clinton .
Now , more than a year later , away from the constant glare of reporters and cameras , Hillary Clinton has re-invented herself as a stateswoman , and her approval rating shows it .
She is now more popular than her primary opponent , which is partially due to the fact that she no longer is in the public eye on a constant basis , and also because she has shown a side of herself that was never adopted on any wholesale basis until the end of her run , at which point she trailed in pledged delegates to such a degree that she was unable to overtake her challenger .
There are many lessons to be learned in this , least of which is that conventional wisdom often shows itself to be neither conventional , nor especially wise .
The generational divide would rip through families and the feminist movement , exposing a fault line that had been lurking under the surface for years .
Daughters heard from mothers everywhere .
When Sen. Amy Klobuchar ( D - Minn. ) decided to endorse Obama rather than Clinton , she got an earful from her mother back home .
" I guess some people will do what some people have to do , " her mother said in an acerbic voice mail message , adding : " but for some of us , this will be our last election . "
( Emphasis mine )
To me , this attitude is about as helpful to the cause as those who have vowed to defeat the Health Care Reform legislation because it does n't contain the public option or include more Progressive measures .
It is this same sense of desperation that demands that if we do n't have everything on our Christmas list , then we 'll never see the bill we need in our lifetime .
It 's understandable to think that way , but I counter this attitude is out of made of desperation and fear --- reform and historical firsts of any sort ought to be indebted not just to our selves and to our own generation , but to generations to come .
Those who struggled for Independence from Great Britain were not fighting merely for the right to have their own nation for themselves .
They were thinking beyond the present into the future , which is , I recognize , a construct that promises nothing but speculation and no solid facts .
Still , unselfishness demands that we think beyond our own head space and contemplate life not just for those we have sired and who they might sire someday .
Reform is our gift to the future and it is our gift to those who are not our own kin , do not necessarily speak our own language , and do not necessarily believe exactly the way we do .
I have slightly modified a lyric from a song that seems pertinent in this context .
You have many contacts
Among the lumberjacks
To get you facts
When someone attacks your imagination
But nobody has any respect
Anyway they already expect you
To just give a check
To tax - deductible charity organizations Because something is happening here
But you do n't know what it is
Do you , Ms. Jones ?
- Bob Dylan , " Ballad of a Thin Man "
Deepak Chopra , writing for ( of course ) the Huffington Post , laments about his critics that , “ Most of my stinging darts come from skeptics . ”
So he has decided to attack skeptics and skepticism – a preemptive strike against his critics .
Predictably he mangles scientific skepticism , and is content to attack a straw man and then declare victory .
He begins :
Over the years I ’ve found that ill - tempered guardians of scientific truth can’t abide speculative thinking .
And as the renowned Richard Dawkins has proved , they are also very annoyed by a nuisance named God .
Right of he starts by accusing skeptics of being “ ill - tempered ” as if we are all cynical curmudgeons .
This is an unimaginative ad hominem ( Chopra really wracks up the logical fallacies in this post ) .
Many of the skeptics I know are actually quite mild - mannered , even overly nice .
Chopra confuses , perhaps , sharp scientific criticism with emotion .
This is a common mistake among those who are not adequately familiar with the scientific process – it is a relentless meatgrinder of criticism and does not abide illogic or sloppiness – and that ’s a good thing .
Beware of those who confuse scientific analysis and criticism with being mean .
In the very same sentence Chopra then accuses skeptics of not abiding speculative thinking .
And later he writes :
It never occurs to skeptics that a sense of wonder is paramount , even for scientists .
Especially for scientists .
Einstein insisted , in fact , that no great discovery can be made without a sense of awe before the mysteries of the universe .
This is transparently wrong , but in my experience a common refrain from those at the receiving end of skeptical analysis .
Speculative thinking is critical to scientific advancement , and anyone who has bothered to actually read skeptical blogs or listen to skeptical podcasts would see numerous examples of our cheering on those scientists who were able to expand human knowledge by coming up with new ideas , and seeing beyond the current limitations in scientific thinking .
Einstein is deservedly the poster boy for this – his brilliant speculations led to relativity theory and revolutionized modern physics .
But as another luminary , Thomas Edison , said genius is 1 % inspiration and 99 % perspiration .
While we applaud the inspiration ( speculative thinking ) skeptics also recognize that most speculations turn out to be wrong , and we use the 99 % perspiration ( the hard work of science ) to decide what is likely to be true and what should be discarded as bunk .
But Chopra and his anti-skeptical cohorts ignore that part about the hard work of science .
They want to stop after the 1 % of inspiration , and just gloss over all that actual perspiration , and then get defensive when they are called on it .
Regarding awe , Phil Plait had a good response to this .
But I will add that Carl Sagan , a leading light of skepticism , is honored as such precisely because of his eloquence in expressing the awe and wonder that real science can inspire .
Chopra is then quick to claim God is on his side .
He conflates skepticism with atheism - – which is just sloppy and gratuitous .
He also equates all atheists with the particular style of Dawkins , whom I admire but does not represent in style all skeptics .
Chopra knows his audience , he is saying that you can dismiss these pesky skeptics because they do n’t believe in God like “ we ” do .
This is a combo argument from authority and ad hominem , with a hasty generalization thrown in to complete the logical fallacy trifecta .
Nicely done .
He continues in this theme :
Statistically , cynical mistrust is correlated with premature sudden death from cardio vascular disease .
Since the skeptics who write venomous blogs trust in nothing , I imagine that God will outlive them .
Let me paraphrase – Do n’t worry about those skeptics – they are cynics and will die young , unlike those of us who have God on our side .
He also confuses skepticism with nihilism – trusting in nothing .
The reality is when it comes to determining how the natural world works , we trust in the scientific process , in logic and evidence .
We do n’t believe without evidence , however .
Belief is not a virtue in science .
It gets worse :
No skeptic , to my knowledge , ever made a major scientific discovery or advanced the welfare of others .
Typically they sit by the side of the road with a sign that reads “ You ’re Wrong ” so that every passerby , whether an Einstein , Gandhi , Newton , or Darwin , can gain the benefit of their illuminated skepticism .
For make no mistake , the skeptics of the past were as eager to shoot down new theories as they are to worship the old ones once science has validated them .
What Chopra is saying is that no scientist who has ever contributed to human knowledge was a skeptic .
But some of the very examples he gives – Einstein and Darwin – were very skeptical .
Chopra also assumes ( or maybe he is just making a statement about his own ignorance ) that no members of the skeptical community are contributing scientists .
Again – transparently false .
But if we are trying to be generous ( something Chopra is not ) we can interpret that statement to mean that skepticism itself does not contribute to knowledge .
This grossly misunderstand that scientific process .
Science is like evolution in that new ideas are generated , and then logic and evidence is used to select against them , so that only useful theories survive , prosper , and replicate .
Creationists argue that natural selection is only a negative process , and therefore cannot create anything .
Chopra argues that skepticism is only a negative process , and therefore does not lead to knowledge .
Both are wrong for the same reasons .
They ignore the generation of diversity and new ideas upon which natural selection and skepticism acts .
Weeding out the unfit is critical to both – natural selection allows evolution to proceed , and skepticism allows science to advance .
Of course , when one ’s ideas get weeded out by the process of science , it ’s tempting to attack the process itself as cynical and ungodly – if you are a pseudoscientist , that is , and not truly dedicated to the process of science .
Chopra then goes for the “ equivalence ” gambit – saying that skeptics “ worship ” scientific theories .
He wants science to be the same as religious belief – that is the arena in which he wants to compete , because he cannot compete in the arena of science .
Next Chopra unleashes an army of straw men :
Skeptics know in advance — or think they know — what right thought is .
Right thought is materialistic , statistical , data - driven , and always , always , conformist .
Wrong thought is imaginative , provisional , often fantastic , and no respecter of fixed beliefs .
Not that Chopra was ever taken seriously by any self - respecting scientist or intellectual , but really – you have to try to get it this wrong .
Chopra is not even trying to understand or fairly represent skeptics , and his statements are the opposite of the philosophy we openly advocate .
Scientific skepticism is against “ knowing in advance ” and conformism .
We celebrate imagination and a provisional approach to knowledge .
He was close with “ materialist ” in that science is based upon methodological naturalism , but I do n’t think that ’s what he meant .
And he is actually using “ data - driven ” as a pejorative – how telling .
Then he finishes with the woo he so desperately is trying to protect from scientific skepticism :
Thirty years ago no right - thinking physician accepted the mind - body connection as a valid , powerful mode of treatment .
Today , no right - thinking physician ( or very few ) would trace physical illness to sickness of the soul , or accept that the body is a creation of consciousness , or tell a patient to change the expression of his genes .
But soon these forms of wrong thinking will lose their stigma , despite the best efforts of those professional stigmatizers , the skeptics .
Ah – the argument from future authority – I will be proven right in the future , a convenient unfalsifiable claim .
What this article demonstrates is that Chopra is unequivocally anti-science .
That is the reason he attacks skeptics and skepticism .
He wants his woo to get a free pass .
He wants to be able to speculate wildly , without ever having to justify his claims with logic and evidence .
Chopra laments being called “ the emperor of woo - woo ” – probably because he knows that this emperor has no clothes .
Arrest of objectors ordered as President says “ We must change the entire system of government in Ukraine ”
Steve Watson
Infowars.net
Thursday , Nov 5 , 2009
Ukrainian President Victor Yushchenko has all but declared martial law in the country as he announced yesterday that the National Security and Defense Council will become the supreme ruling authority in the wake of a mystery epidemic sweeping the country .
Yushchenko has made high ranking health ministers members of the NSDC , a government body consisting of the president himself , the chairman of parliament , the prime minister Yulia Tymoshenko ( pictured ) , the head of the Security Service of Ukraine and other high ranking ministers .
Yushchenko told reporters Wednesday night that “ the non-fulfillment of its decisions will be prosecuted , ” adding “ We need to change the system .
We need to change the whole system of the state power organization in Ukraine .
We have no time for remonstrance no time for waiting ” .
The President reiterated his statements in an official address to the Ukrainian people yesterday , in which he states “ Failure to comply with [ NSDC ] orders will immediately result in application to the law enforcement authorities . ”
“ I instruct the Government and the Ministry of Health to immediately start preventive and promotional work in areas where there is no epidemic , targeting primarily the special risk groups , “ the address reads .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The address also announced orders for the arrest of public health officials who have allowed public gatherings to continue and failed to ban the movement of people , calling it “ a display of criminal irresponsibility ” .
“ I have addressed the Prosecutor General of Ukraine with the request to institute criminal charges of negligence committed by first of all the Chief Sanitary Inspector , Kyiv City Sanitarian and the officials , who , despite having daily information on the epidemic situation in the country , neglected it in pursuit of political dividends and ambition , “ the statement reads .
A further report from Interfax Ukrainia Agency says the Ukrainian Health Minister Wasilij Kniazevicz has asked the country ’s top prosecutor to open criminal proceedings against those who are opposed to the implementation of the mass flu vaccination campaign .
Yushchenko’s address also issued a ban on all flu medicines not recognized by the Ukrainian government or by the World Health Organization :
“ I demand the Government to immediately cancel the existing order of registration of medical supplies , including vaccines . ” the address reads .
The address also implores Ukrainian citizens who have shunned the officially approved vaccinations to reconsider :
“ It is generally known that the only way to prevent any infection is vaccination , “ the address reads , “ As the President I ask you , dear fellow citizens , to reconsider your attitude to vaccination and do it if necessary , but only , I emphasize it – only after consultation with the doctor . ”
” People are dying .
The epidemic is killing doctors .
This is absolutely unprecedented and inconceivable in the XXI century . ” the address continues .
“ All the limits have been exceeded – even those under the Constitution that determine my actions as the President . ” Yushchenko states .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
Yushchenko asserts that there are three types of influenza currently spreading throughout the country , two kinds of seasonal flu and the H1N1 strain .
The President states that this “ may lead to the emergence of an even more aggressive new virus ” .
However , WHO has said that the H1N1 virus in Ukraine appears “ no different there than anywhere else ” and that any surge there may be due to a more susceptible population .
Other mainstream reports suggest that British scientists are examining samples of the H1N1 strain from Ukraine to determine whether the virus has mutated .
As we reported earlier this week , conflicting reports suggest that the epidemic in Ukraine is down to an unidentified virus , with some indicating the virus constitutes a pneumonic plague .
According to the write up at Chechen news outlet Kavkaz Center , the Ukrainian News Agency Fraza , has reported “ it has been confirmed 100 % Pneumonic Plague in Ukraine ” and that in order to quell panic only talk of swine flu has been sanctioned by the authorities .
However , Kavkaz is a questionable source on this matter , given that Ukraine is a tactical and military ally of Russia .
Other reports have suggested that the epidemic is pure hype being played out as part of a political struggle between opposition politicians in Ukraine .
Prime Minister Tymoshenko has attempted to reverse the panic by announcing that there is no swine flu pandemic in the country at all , and that it is down to “ media hysteria ” and “ politicians ’ populist statements ” in the run up to January elections .
As this article in The Scotsman highlights , Tymoshenko and Yushchenko , once allies in the so called “ Orange Revolution ” , are now bitter rivals that are set to fight it out in next year ’s elections .
“ … there is growing suspicion in the country that the H1N1 virus has also succumbed to a bitter battle for political power that now poisons all aspects of political life and threatens to wreak serious damage on the former Soviet state . ”
Matthew Day writes .
Around 80 people have died in Ukraine from respiratory related illnesses , it has yet to be confirmed how many were as a result of H1N1 influenza .
Whatever is really going on in Ukraine , the news has sparked a flurry of reports from conspiracy based websites that are citing a warning made in August by a man called Joseph Moshe , who claimed to be a former Mossad microbiologist .
Moshe hit the headlines when he was arrested after a long standoff with police in LA because he had supposedly made threats against the White House .
Shortly after his arrest , hundreds of comments and reports began to circulate stating that Moshe had called into a radio show to warn people about a biological weapon that was being prepared by Baxter International ’s Ukraine plant that would be spread via a flu vaccine and would cause a plague upon it ’s release .
Moshe ’s identity as a microbiologist does seem to be verifiable , and Baxter certainly does have a presence in the Ukraine , as this page with Baxter ’s contact information for it ’s Ukraine office confirms .
Whether Moshe ’s claims have any basis in truth is up for debate , however , it now seems an incredible coincidence that he fingered Ukraine as the location for a specific outbreak .
Further reading : Has Baxter International released a biological weapon ?
This article was posted : Thursday , November 5 , 2009 at 11:35 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
There have been a few internet reports today which have included some words attributed to Virgin Racing ’s tech chief Nick Wirth laying into Williams boss Patrick Head at yesterday ’s Virgin team launch .
Well you ’ll be pleased to hear that he did n’t just have a go at poor old Patrick … oh no .
He also took time to have a pop at recently crowned 2009 F1 constructors ’ champions BrawnGP .
On a day in which Sir Richard Branson had referred to BrawnGP ’s 2009 season , in which his Virgin brand logos appeared on the BGP001 cars , as “ David versus Goliath , ” Wirth could not help but chuckle when I asked if Branson was expecting the same sort of giant killing form from Wirth ’s car in 2010 .
“ I ’m laughing because that ’s one of the things I find most annoying about last season because it was Goliath versus Goliath .
That was the car that had more money and more resources spent on it than any other 2009 car , possibly [ more than any F1 car ] in history , so it ’s an absolute PR coup for them and it ’s laughable .
They might want to perceive it that way , and believe me they did a magnificent job in surviving and all the stress they went through , and all credit to those guys and Ross and the whole crew , but it was not a David against Goliath story . ”
Wirth ’s comments reflect opinions voiced during the 2009 season itself by former Honda and early BrawnGP reserve driver Alex Wurz .
“ The car was taken in three different directions in the wind tunnel , ” he said earlier this year .
“ Two directions were found to be wrong , so the team could just switch .
The Brawn is probably the most expensive car with the lowest operating budget ever . ”
The BGP001 , which would have been the Honda RA109 , benefitted greatly from 18 months of design work undertaken at Leafiled by the Super Aguri F1 Team which had begun in 2007 , a year of design work at Honda in Brackley and Tochigi during 2008 , and , it is understood , additional work at the Dome base in Maibara , Japan .
The double decker diffuser concept , which would prove so pivotal to the success of the BGP001 , is believed to have come from either Super Aguri or Dome .
At times it has been claimed that anywhere between four and six wind tunnels were in operation , through the various different arms of the development chain , at one time .
Such benefits will not be afforded to Wirth ’s Virgin racing car in 2010 , which will be the only car on the grid next season designed solely by Computational Fluid Dynamics ( CFD ) , and without the use of a single wind tunnel .
Life Imitating Nature : Single Wing Aircraft Inspired by Seed
Remember grabbing handfuls of maple tree “ helicopters ” as a kid , throwing them up into the air and watching them spiral back down to earth ?
A group of students at the University of Maryland ’s Clark School of Engineering drew on those memories to create the world ’s smallest controllable single - winged aircraft .
They were faced by challenges , such as how to keep the tiny aircraft from being knocked off course by a strong gust of wind , but their project created the first known successful artificial samara .
Tiny robotic flying vehicles like this could be used to investigate unsafe or inaccessible areas , such as those present in military or rescue operations .
The robotic samara uses the same sort of spiral rotation as the natural samara , but it also contains a stabilizing factor and a propulsion factor that allow it to be controlled remotely and to hover in the air .
It can be dropped from a high altitude and controlled during descent , but it can also take off from the ground .
Using inspiration gained from nature along with innovative engineering , the UMCP group may have created a vehicle that vastly improves the way surveillance , fire monitoring , rescue missions and other life - saving missions are carried out .
Their invention has undergone several makeovers since it first came to life , and no doubt the team will continue to refine it in the future .
In 2017 , a flood of sexual misconduct allegations against powerful men in media , politics , and other industries has ignited fierce conversations around our society 's deeply - entrenched rape culture .
The # MeToo movement , which gained traction as a social media hashtag , has expanded into something of a reckoning , with more and more women speaking out about their experiences as victims of this culture .
Starting the conversation and elevating women 's voices is a great first step in dismantling our society 's rape culture , but if you 're looking for more ways to help , here are some ideas .
01 of 08 Teach Your Children About Consent , Especially Young Boys Tony Anderson / Getty Images
If you are raising adolescents , are a teacher or mentor , or otherwise play a role in any young person 's education and development , you can help fight rape culture by speaking frankly with adolescents about sex .
It 's especially important to teach young people about sexual consent — what it means , how it works , how to get consent , and what to do when a potential sexual partner refuses to give ( or retracts ) their consent .
Do n't shy away from frank , sex - positive conversations that emphasize healthy and safe sexuality .
02 of 08 Call Out Problems in Our Media SambaPhoto / Getty Images
Rape jokes , song lyrics , video games with rape scenarios , and other cultural products all play into our society 's rape culture .
When you notice media that mocks or trivializes the issue of rape , call it out .
Write to the author , artist , or publication that produced it .
Similarly , media that dehumanizes women by treating them as sex objects contributes to rape culture .
Call out these cultural products when you see them .
Criticize them publicly , and boycott them if they refuse to make changes .
03 of 08 Challenge Conventional Definitions of Masculinity Thomas Barwick / Getty Images
In order to fight rape culture , it 's essential to resist cultural assumptions that sexual violence is in any way " natural . "
Challenge common misconceptions that assault is caused by " uncontrollable " male urges .
It 's also essential to resist " jock worship " and other cultural norms that value strength and athleticism above compassion , as these norms work to excuse problematic behavior .
Object to notions of masculinity that frame sexual aggression as a strong or admirable quality for men to strive toward .
04 of 08 Resist " Slut - Shaming " and Victim - Blaming Fausto Serafini / Getty Images
It 's all too common for survivors of rape to be accused of " asking for it , " " leading him on , " or otherwise being complicit in their assault .
Sometimes , women are accused of " crying rape " and told that they are mistaking unsatisfactory or regrettable sex with unwanted sex .
In fact , it is a whole lot more common for rape to go unreported than for false rape accusations to surface .
Do n't forget that consenting to some sexual activity is not the same as consenting to all sexual activity at that consent can be retracted at any point , even after sexual intercourse is underway .
Bottom line : non-consensual sex is rape , regardless of the circumstances .
05 of 08 Use Your Words Carefully cascade_of_rant / Flickr
Rape is not " sexual intercourse , " " sexual misconduct , " or " unwanted sex . "
There is no such thing as " legitimate rape " and there is no distinction between " date rape , " " real rape , " " intimate partner rape , " and " criminal rape . "
Rape is rape — it 's a crime , and it 's important to call it out as such .
06 of 08 Do n't Be a Bystander RunPhoto / Getty Images
If you witness sexual assault , or even just something that does n't feel right , do n't stand by .
If you feel safe enough in the moment , call it out directly .
If not , let an adult or police officer know .
Do n't hesitate to call out sexist jokes or language that perpetuates rape culture .
When a team of archaeologists began excavating an old coral reef in Vanuatu in 2008 and 2009 , they soon discovered it had served as a cemetery in ancient times .
So far , 71 buried individuals have been recorded , giving new information on the islands ' inhabitants and their funeral rites .
" This is a groundbreaking discovery , as it is the oldest and biggest skeleton find ever in the Pacific Ocean ; bigger cemeteries found further east are much younger , " says Mads Ravn , head of research at the University of Stavanger 's Museum of Archaeology in Norway .
Relatives did not treat their dead gently .
Besides being headless , some of them had had their arms and legs broken , in order to fit into the coral reef cavities .
Ravn suggests they may have been left to rot first , and buried later as skeletons .
The local museum 's staff of the Vanuatu Culture Centre , a range of researchers , lead by Stuart Bedford and Matthew Spriggs from the Australian National University ( ANU ) , forms an international and cross - disciplinary team , working to gather information about the Pacific islands ' inhabitants .
Mads Ravn 's expertise in migration and colonising over great distances , as well as in digital excavation documentation and recording , makes him an important contributor to this cooperative effort .
Coral reef tomb
Vanuatu is a nation of 83 islands , located 1,750 kilometres east of Australia .
The soil contains remnants from a violent volcano eruption , believed to have taken place exactly 3000 years ago .
Scientists have found no sign of human activity predating this event .
advertisement
" The way these people are buried , bears witness of a body concept which is different from the whole - body concept in Europe the last 5000 years , " says Mads Ravn .
" There was no sharp divide between life and death , and the dead were participating in the present .
A few decades ago in Bali and other Pacific islands , people were putting their ancestors ' skulls on display in their homes , " he adds .
This may explain why the Vanuatu skeletons are headless .
One skeleton was found with five skulls on his chest , and Ravn believes the heads may have been used in ancestral rituals .
The islanders usually removed the volcanic ash before burying their dead under ashes and sand .
Each grave is marked with a pottery jar decorated with intricate patterns , possibly stamped by small pieces of worked bone .
The ceramic also depicts faces and eyes , perhaps images of their ancestors .
" I have never seen such beautiful artefacts before .
These must be the world 's finest pottery jars of that age , " says Ravn .
advertisement
Long distance voyages
Vanuatu 's first inhabitants probably came from Taiwan and the Philippines , having travelled thousands of miles by outrigger canoes equipped with sails and big enough to contain large families .
The canoers settled on the uninhabited islands , and supported themselves by fishing and cultivating the land .
Giant tortoises were abundant and easy to catch .
Volcanic ashes from 3000 years ago contain many tracks of tortoises , but these are entirely non-existent 100 years on .
" It is very interesting to observe the consequences of human beings taking possession over virgin land , " says Ravn .
Over a few centuries , several species went extinct -- the giant tortoise among them .
Traces of mussel shells also bear witness of excessive consumption .
The shells diminish in size as the sediments get younger .
According to Ravn , the inhabitants quite simply overextended their resources .
Strong and adventurous
The skeletons ' DNA profiles should be ready later this winter , and the scientists hope to uncover kinship links among the dead .
But there are already some findings of their health condition .
" People were suffering from gout and caries -- both diseases associated with the good life .
But we can tell from our samples that the inhabitants were laborious and strong .
They were simply genetically disposed to contracting gout from eating shellfish .
And starch in food such as Taro and sweet potatoes induced caries , " says Ravn .
Tooth analyses also revealed what these first islanders looked like .
" They were most probably fair skinned of Asian origin , unlike the present day Melanesians , whose skin is dark .
The original settlers probably travelled on , or mixed up with the Melanesians that arrived later , " " But future DNA studies and isotopic analyses may later confirm that , " Ravn says .
It is believed that the first Pacific seafarers were spurred on by overpopulation , or by rules of inheritance which granted the first born child the right to inherit land , making it hard for younger siblings to settle down .
But one should not exclude desire for travelling and a spirit of adventure , says Ravn .
The desire to venture out has probably been a driving force at all times .
The first Vanuatuans remained on the islands for years , until some of them , probably driven by lust for adventure and fortune sat sail further out in the Pacific Ocean again , heading eventually for the Easter Islands .
Over two short centuries , the Pacific Ocean was colonised all the way to the Tonga Islands .
By then , a distance of more than 3000 kilometres had been covered -- by canoe .
Facts :
The research project " Persistence and Transformation in Ancestral Oceanic Society : the archaeology of the first 1500 years in the Vanuatu archipelago " was initiated by Stuart Bedford and Matthew Spriggs in ANU in collaboration with the Vaunatu cultural Centre in Vanuatu and sponsored by the Australian Research Council .
It aims to find out how Vanuatu was colonised and developed over time .
The University of Stavanger 's Museum of Archaeology is one of many research partners .
Excavations will continue until 2012 , expanding to different parts of Vanuatu over the coming years .
Scientists expect to find more headless skeletons and other objects which may explain why colonisation took place .
Ok , so , you 've realised you want to do X .
And you do n't want to reinvent the wheel , so it 's time to try and go find a library .
First stop , of course , is search .cpan.org where you 'll hopefully find half a dozen candidates fairly quickly .
Second stop for me is to ask a few relevant IRC channels - your preferred option may be twitter , or mailing lists , or whatever , but you should ask the practitioners you appreciate the opinions of and see if they can recommend something .
Before we go on , it 's time for a value judgement - just how important is this library going to be to your codebase ?
Something that will get used once , in one module ?
This is reasonably common for special purpose utility modules , and indicates a " so long as it works " level of interest in the library .
I 'll refer to this as a ' once ' library .
The next level up is a library that 's going to be used for a purpose you 'll regularly need - something that 's part of your standard toolbox for this project .
I 'll refer to this as a ' toolbox ' library .
Finally , above that , we have the code that will define a large proportion of your application - this does n't necessarily mean a framework , but any large library - so if you 're writing a database backed application , your ORM would likely be in this category .
If you 're writing a mail client , your choice from the Mail : : and Email : : namespaces on CPAN would be .
I 'll refer to this as a ' platform ' library .
Terminology defined and candidates selected , what are we going to do ?
First stage is to skim - read the main documentation for the library - ask yourself " does this look like it 'll do what I need it to do ? "
If the answer is obviously " yes " and this is a ' once ' class library , then at this point I 'd cpan it and try it out - if I 'm only using the thing for a couple purposes all I really care is if it works for those purposes .
Caring more can come later if I end up with failing tests in context .
However , for a ' toolbox ' library we need to be more sure than that .
We want to know it not only works for the things we know we need to do but for for the things we probably need to do in the same space later in the project .
So now it 's time to do a bit more thinking .
Of the candidates , some are likely procedural , some OO .
Some are more convenient , some are more flexible .
We need to think about what level of usage we 're going to need - if what we 're doing is incidental or straightforward then our ideal library looks a lot different than if we 're attempting to do fairly complex things in this domain ( though again , if it starts to move towards the core purpose of the application you might want to reclassify it to ' platform ' ) .
Once we 've narrowed it to a couple of candidates , our next step is going to be to crack open the test suites for the remaining choices .
We want to look for examples of the sort of usage we have in mind to get a feel for how the author uses the code themselves .
Of course , the test suite is a pretty warped lens through which to learn this , but it 's usually the best thing available .
If the tests ' feel ' right , and the documentation indicates that not only does this piece of software do what we expect of it now but seems to have the right feature set to do what we 'll need of it in the near future , then for a ' toolbox ' library we can stop here and get prototyping .
For a ' platform ' class library , however , I 'd claim this is still insufficient .
Something that important , that central , to a project , is not only going to need to fit you like a glove as you code , it 's going to need to bend when your vision of the right way and the designer 's vision differ .
Which is , sadly , why so many people waste immense amounts of time reinventing perfectly good frameworks - because the visions differed and their answer was to write something new that fit their vision .
And sometimes , that is , admittedly , the best idea .
But almost never .
The better thing to do , generally , is to crack open the source code of this essential thing you 're about to depend on and start reading .
Get a feel for the shape of it .
Get a feel for how it ticks , how it fits together , what the ... taste ... of it is like .
You 're skimming here .
Do n't try and understand the detail of the implementation , try and understand the ebb and flow of logic and responsibility on a grand scale .
Then , ask yourself : if I needed to do weird thing X , could I ?
And then start reading in earnest .
You should reach one of three conclusions : ( 1 ) " if I pass this combination of options it should ... just work " , ( 2 ) " if I override this method here it should work " , ( 3 ) " if I replace this section of the code it will still work , just " .
If you ca n't at least get to ( 3 ) then you probably do n't want to take this library on .
( 1 ) is ideal but be aware that you often wo n't spot that case until you 've used the library for a while .
DBIx :: Class users of six months often go " hm , if I pass X , Y and Z to the resultset ... damn , it worked ! " - but somebody with a month 's experience would probably flail around and do something inefficient ( the trouble with platform level libraries is that it's heinously difficult to make them accessible ) .
I usually expect case 2 , and am happy if I find it .
Seeing case ( 3 ) s in some cases is actually really important as well though - because finding a solution that involves the wholesale replacement of part of the library demonstrates that you can wholesale replace part of it .
Catalyst is especially good for this - I was once bored of an evening , ripped out the engine code and substituted something completely different - and ended up with an IRC bot ...
Assuming your thought experiment through a few weird things you might like to do comes up with most of them being possible , it 's a reasonably good bet that you can make this work - or at least make it work for long enough that you gain a significant advantage over scratch building from the word go .
If you decouple your code reasonably carefully , while a ' platform ' level library is much , much harder to swap out than almost anything else in your project , it should still be very much possible .
Two final notes .
First , the same library may be at a different level depending on the project .
For example , when I first encountered Moose I audited it as ' platform ' level because I already knew that I wanted it for the metaprotocol , and would be fiddling , tweaking , subclassing and re-engineering it all over the place to make maximum advantage of the available metapower .
For an average project where Moose is simply going to be " the class builder " , you almost certainly only need to audit it at ' toolbox ' level - and the documentation 's sufficiently good thanks to Dave Rolsky 's manual work that you probably do n't need the tests to do so , either .
Second , coming to understand that it 's better to bend an existing platform level library than to write your own is usually a lesson learned the hard way .
I wrote my own templating engine a long time ago , and then discovered Template Toolkit and kicked myself ( although for my purposes that was arguably more ' toolbox ' than ' platform ' ) .
I wrote my own web framework , twice , and then discovered Catalyst , spend a very happy twelve hours reading the source , and happily marked the in - house stuff " maintainance only " and moved on .
I remember thinking to myself at the time that I 'd committed two of the three usual cardinal sins of the aspiring perl programmer ... but while I 'd wasted my time creating a templating system and a web framework , at least I 'd avoided the third cardinal sin by not writing an ORM ...
-- mst , out .
It really is time for the our central planning banking system , aka the Fed , to start thinking about enforcing CRE bailout strategies .
Aaron Bryson over at Lehman , pardon , Barclays , has released his monthly CMBS remittance report , and things are getting worse ever faster .
In disclosure that is sure to keep the market rally going for month , BarCap looks hard for CMBS green shoots and finds only their ( near ) homophone equivalents :
Credit performance for CMBS worsened at an accelerated pace this month versus the recent trend .
Thirty - plus day delinquencies across the fixed rate universe increased by 41 bp , to 5.50 % , partly owing to the deterioration of loans that were current but transferred to the special servicer last month .
This compares with the trailing three month average of 34bp .
We expect this trend of accelerating delinquencies to continue throughout 2009 and early 2010 , given the long lag times associated with commercial real estate .
By vintage , we notice a growing divergence between more recent and seasoned vintages .
The 30 + day delinquency rate on 2005 + vintages jumped 47 bp to 5.63 % .
More seasoned pre-2005 vintages saw a 27 bp pickup to 5.17 % .
In particular , 2007 + vintage was a notable laggard , with delinquencies surging by 69 bp to 5.32 % .
The worst performing category was hotel , which hit a record overall 30 + delinquency rate , and a stunning 10.71 % for the 2007 vintage .
Close behind were Multifamily and Retail , at 7.55 % and 7.11 % , respectively .
The table below summarizes all the various data points :
Visualizing the various credit metric trends demonstrates just how bad the deterioration is especially in the near vintages ( 2006 - 2007 ) .
And below are selected properties by CMBS class that have become delinquent or moved to special - servicing :
CMBX 1 :
The $ 217 mn World Market Center ( 8.57 % of deal , SS - Cur ) , backed by the first newly constructed building in the World Market Development , was transferred to the special servicer .
CMBX 3 :
The 270 - room W Hotel in Manhattan is the collateral for the $ 115 mn W New York - Union Square loan ( 3.38 % of deal , SS - Cur ) , which was transferred to special servicer for imminent default .
CMBX 4 :
I presented the labs for the first - year calculus course at my school this past semester , and as a bit of an experiment I decided to try giving the students some less “ ordinary ” problems to work on at the end of the labs ( partly inspired by this problem ) .
I only ended up doing it for the first four weeks of the semester due to a combination of it taking much too long to create them and a general lack of interest by most of the students , but they were fun to make anyway so I might as well share them in case anyone else would like to present these or similar problems in their own labs or course .
PDF as well as TeX files are provided , so you can edit out my name and all that jazz .
Lab # 1 : Intervals with Braid
The first week ’s problem was based off the video game Braid .
This problem ended up not working too well due to about 10 people in the class of ~600 having played of the game , and the rest being very confused by the idea of the cloud platform moving along with the main character ( it makes sense if you ’ve played the game , honest ! ) .
Download : Question sheet [ pdf ] , Solution sheet [ pdf ] , TeX files [ zip ]
Lab # 2 : The Bat Man
The next week I decided to go a bit more mainstream and have the problem based on Batman chasing the Joker .
The question does n’t make a lick of sense if you think about it physically ( the cars have negative acceleration for one thing ) , but this being a math class I decided not to care .
I feel like this was the most successful of the weekly problems because the Batman / Joker stuff was completely incidental and the question was still easy enough for the students to understand and tackle .
Download : Question sheet [ pdf ] , Solution sheet [ pdf ] , TeX files [ zip ]
Lab # 3 : Calvin Reaches his Limit
By this point I had learned that even if I am going to sugar - coat the question under a picture of Calvin and Hobbes , it ’s a good idea to include a sentence at the end summarizing what the heck it is I ’m asking them to compute or prove .
I think this is a fun question no matter how advanced of a mathematician you are , and it was probably a bit mean of me to present it to first - year students .
Download : Question sheet [ pdf ] , Solution sheet [ pdf ] , TeX files [ zip ]
Lab # 4 : Continuity with Mario
The last of these problems that I presented was a ( very ) simple continuity question based on Super Mario World .
I originally wanted to use Super Metroid for this question since it would allow for more varied movements from the hero , but I decided that ( as I learned in Lab # 1 ) it would be best to stick with a more recognizable game .
It was a pain to come up with a semi-nice - looking branch function that resembled Mario ’s movement in a believable way and led to simple ( i.e. , non-fractional ) limits at the points of interest .
Download : Question sheet [ pdf ] , Solution sheet [ pdf ] , TeX files [ zip ]
Sorry , Goose .
I had the same shirt idea , so this is my revenge .
Now we 're even .
Wait , I 'm plugging your shirt .
Dammit Goose !
You foil me again !
When making a list like this -- the 100 greatest players of this decade , which by the way I 've officially and irreversibly dubbed " the 0's " -- it 's easy to look at statistics .
But which statistics exactly ?
And how does one compare hitters to pitchers ?
I took a shortcut , ranking the players ( including pitchers ) by wins above replacement ( with a great deal of help from Baseball Projection.com ) .
From there , it was relatively easy to arbitrarily bump players up and down the list based on quality of competition , postseason performance and pure excellence .
( Six great seasons are better than eight good ones . )
Generally , my advice on these matters is to avoid taking these things too seriously ... unless you think your favorite player has been shortchanged , in which case it 's appropriate to file a letter of protest with the proper authorities .
With all that in mind , let the protesting begin !
It 's not easy to choose between the top two , but by all accounts Pujols is a model ballplayer and model teammate .
Plus , his numbers are as good as A - Rod 's even though he 's played one fewer season .
If he 'd stayed at shortstop , he would be No. 1 .
If he'd been healthier this year or if the Yankees had won another World Series or two , he would be No. 1 .
On this list , though ?
No. 2 is n't a bad place to be .
Yes , he ranks third despite not having played in 2008 or ' 09 .
Deal with it .
( And if this helps , Bonds was , for five years , probably the most feared hitter in the history of the game . )
How much credit do we give to the postseason and intangibles ?
Not a lot , but Jeter has played shortstop throughout the decade and racked up nearly 2,000 hits .
Has it really been nine years ?
Because Ichiro seems to play and look exactly like he did when he arrived in Seattle nine years ago .
Only major leaguer with more than 2,000 hits in the decade .
Beltran excelled in all phases of the game -- hitting , running , fielding -- and gets a couple of bonus points for his brilliant run with the Astros in the 2004 postseason .
No , he was n't much of a fielder but what a hitter !
All the silly questions about Chipper 's Hall of Fame credentials finally were answered when at age 36 he hit .364 for his first batting title .
With the exception of 2008 , Helton just plowed through the decade with impressive production , even accounting for his home ballpark .
And he 's been underrated with the glove .
No pitcher until now ?
There just was n't a pitcher who was brilliant for the whole decade , as Greg Maddux and Roger Clemens were in the 1990s or Jim Palmer and Tom Seaver were in the 1970s .
Little separates Santana and Halladay , and Santana 's best seasons were slightly better than Halladay's .
But Halladay pitched more and did all his work in the game 's toughest division .
It 's a shame that Rolen was n't able to stay healthy in the latter half of this decade ; otherwise his brilliant defense would have him headed for Cooperstown .
( Maybe it should anyway . )
Jim Edmonds , No. 12 ? Really ?
Yeah , really .
A player who can hit and play Gold Glove - quality center field is immensely valuable and yet so often undervalued .
Just ask Dale Murphy .
Ramirez 's postseason stats are almost exactly what you 'd expect considering his regular - season stats .
He has this spot because the next guy on the list has struggled so terribly in October .
He 's been a great player , no question .
But it 's fair to mention that he's hit only two home runs in 29 postseason games , and that costs him a spot or two here .
Among the nine catchers with at least 4,000 plate appearances during the 0's , Posada is No. 1 in on - base percentage and slugging percentage and also tops in homers ( by a lot ) and walks ( ditto ) .
It was n't even one of his best seasons , but in 2009 Abreu finally ( if temporarily ) lost the underrated tag he finished just 12th in the MVP ballot , but that was the best he had ever done .
Berkman has never really gotten his due , even though he 's been consistently outstanding ; when the Astros were good , he was the only " Killer B " who thrived in the postseason .
Three of the Big Unit 's four straight Cy Young Awards came in this decade ; it 's amazing considering that he was in his late 30s at the time .
It 's almost as amazing that he stuck around for the rest of the decade .
Sure , you know about the power .
But in the 0's , when Giambi did most of his best work , he also rang up a .418 on - base percentage , fifth - best in the majors .
When the end came -- the end of Jones ' greatness , anyway -- it came quickly .
But in the first eight years of this decade , Jones won eight Gold Gloves and routinely co-anchored the Braves ' division - winning lineups .
Forget about the bloody sock ( for a moment , anyway ) .
Schilling won just 117 games in the 0's but also lost only 63 and was uniquely instrumental in three world championships .
Do n't laugh .
Drew has averaged only 123 games per season , but when he 's played he's hit , fielded and run with great skill .
The Red Sox knew what they were getting and do n't have any regrets .
Oswalt 's numbers are practically identical to Roy Halladay 's ; the difference is that they spent the entire decade in different leagues , and you know what that means .
Instead of asking why Mo's not higher on this list , you might ask why he's not lower , having thrown only 713 innings in the 0's .
Well , he 's not lower because he pitched 86 postseason innings with a 0.94 ERA .
Did n't become a great pitcher until his sixth season but obviously blossomed into one of the game 's most effective and durable starters .
And mostly in the American League , no less !
He 's never won 20 games and has been close just once , but he 's pitched at least 200 innings in nine straight seasons and has never had a bad year .
Thome hit 368 home runs during the decade ; only A - Rod ( who lapped the field ) hit more .
Thome also ranked fourth in walks , seventh in OPS and first in 500 - foot homers to straightaway center field .
Martinez went 75 - 26 with a 2.53 ERA from 2000 through 2004 ; in five seasons since , he has just 37 wins with 3.86 ERA , thus making the Red Sox look real smart to let him get away .
Would you believe that only two pitchers struck out more than 2,000 hitters in the 0's , and Vazquez was one of them ?
It 's true .
( Also true : Randy Johnson was the other . )
Playing shortstop is a tough job ?
Nobody played more games in the 0's than Tejada , who successfully fought off every attempt to move him to third base .
He has n't won more than 16 games in a season since leaving Oakland but is the only one of the A's three aces to maintain his status as a top starter throughout the decade .
Closed the decade with one of the greatest World Series at - bats ; the Red Sox were right about Pedro but probably wrong about Damon .
He did n't play in 2009 but still finished the decade with 850 RBIs , easily more than any other second baseman .
Was n't a good fielder but he was good enough .
Devastating hitter through the first six years of the decade -- .309/.408/.564 ( batting average / on - base percentage / slugging percentage ) -- but production fell off in later seasons as injuries mounted .
He 's the closest to Dick Allen that most of us have seen .
A truly great pitcher for so many years , Mussina answered all the critics by finally winning 20 games in 2008 , his last season , and punching his ticket to Cooperstown .
Exactly the sort of player who 's usually underrated : Low batting average , but midrange power , solid baserunning and outstanding defense in center field made Cameron better than you probably thought .
Maybe he should rank higher , but this is a lofty spot for someone who 's been an everyday player for only five seasons .
The National League 's best - fielding second baseman and perennial leader in hit - by - pitches .
It 's hard to believe that Delgado has been an All - Star just twice ; for the decade ranks fifth -- behind future Hall of Famers ( probably ) -- in both home runs ( 324 ) and RBIs ( 1,045 ) .
From 2000 to 2005 , averaged 30 homers per season , won five Gold Gloves and was perennially underrated .
Since then ?
Not so much , thanks to a sickening series of injuries .
He 's been a regular for only five seasons but might be the most talented baseball player on the planet ; just picked up his first MVP award but might deserve three of them .
Pudge spent the second half of the decade trying ( and often failing ) to keep his on - base percentage above .300 , but five Gold Gloves and early - decade hitting punched his ticket to the Hall of Fame .
It was an odd decade for The Rocket , but let 's not forget that he went 107- 50 and won two Cy Young Awards ( neither of which he really deserved , but Clemens did pitch well before finally retiring for good ) .
Teixeira did n't arrive until 2003 and did n't play well until 2004 , but since then he's been the best - hitting non-Pujolsian first baseman in the majors .
It 's easy to remember Zambrano 's foibles but maybe not so easy to remember he went 105 - 68 with some teams that were n't always real great .
And if he got into the occasional scrap well , that 's the Bull .
Yeah , he squeaks into the top 50 because he hit 48 homers one season .
But Beltre has had plenty of good seasons , too , and all the while has played Gold Glove - quality defense at third base .
Hey , what 's he doing here ?
Well , he 's here because he 's been a league - average hitter who 's played distinctly better - than - average defense just about anywhere they 've put him .
Like Beltre , Glaus once hit 48 home runs ( well , 47 to be precise ) .
Unlike Beltre , Glaus topped 35 homers in three other seasons .
Was actually building a ( mild ) Cooperstown case before missing most of 2009 .
Hey , it 's not his fault the Giants thought he was worth $ 126 million .
One big plus :
Since coming up with the A's in 2000 , Zito has n't spent a single day on the disabled list .
After joining the Red Sox in 2006 , Lowell bounced back brilliantly from the only poor season of his career .
Among third basemen in the decade , ranks first in doubles and fourth in home runs .
He did n't quite earn this spot , but Pettitte did win more games ( 148 ) in the 0's than anyone -- Randy Johnson 's No. 2 -- and he also built a 12 - 5 postseason record in this decade .
51 . Grady Sizemore
52 . Jimmy Rollins
53 . David Ortiz
54 . Brian Giles
55 . Brandon Webb
56 . David Wright
57 . Miguel Cabrera
58 . Derrek Lee
59 . Magglio Ordonez
60 . Rafael Furcal
61 . Melvin Mora
62 . Jake Peavy
63 . Hanley Ramirez
64 . Derek Lowe
65 . Sammy Sosa
66 . Larry Walker
67 . John Lackey
68 . Josh Beckett
69 . Dan Haren
70 . Torii Hunter
71 . Ray Durham
72 . Carlos Guillen
73 . Greg Maddux
74 . Edgar Renteria
75 . Jarrod Washburn
76 . Aramis Ramirez
77 . Matt Holliday
78 . Bartolo Colon
79 . Adam Dunn
80 . Randy Winn
81 . Tom Glavine
82 . Nomar Garciaparra
83 . Cliff Floyd
84 . Victor Martinez
85 . Freddy Garcia
86 . Vernon Wells
87 . Michael Young
88 . Jose Valentin
89 . Tim Wakefield
90 . Kevin Youkilis
91 . Carl Crawford
92 . Corey Koskie
93 . Brad Radke
94 . Chone Figgins
95 . Jose Reyes
96 . Kelvim Escobar
97 . Frank Thomas
98 . Carlos Lee
99 . Kenny Rogers
100 . Jamie Moyer
In 2007 , the Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Loan Program was created in the Department of Energy to support the development of advanced ( i.e. , “ green ” ) technology vehicles .
Last year Congress appropriated $ 7.5 billion to support a maximum of $ 25 billion in loans .
So far , the subsidies have been dished out to Ford ( $ 5.9 billion ) , Nissan ( $ 1.6 billion ) , Tesla Motors ( $ 465 million ) , and Fisker Automotive ( $ 528 million ) .
Wired that illuminates a fundamental problem with the government trying to pick winners and losers in the marketplace : Darryl Siry , a former official at Tesla , has written a piece forthat illuminates a fundamental problem with the government trying to pick winners and losers in the marketplace :
To the recipients the support is a vital and welcome boost .
But this massive government intervention in private capital markets may have the unintended consequence of stifling innovation by reducing the flow of private capital into ventures that are not anointed by the DOE .
Private investors , such as venture capitalists , make investments based on perceived risk and expected financial returns .
Companies with government backing are more attractive to investors because government support “ amounts to free leverage for the venture capitalist ’s bet ” given that “ the upside is multiplied and the downside remains the same since the most the equity investor can lose is the original investment . ”
According to Siry :
The proposition is so irresistible that any reasonable person would prefer to back a company that has received a DOE loan or grant than a company that has not .
It is this distortion of the market for private capital that will have a stifling effect on innovation , as private capital chases fewer deals and companies that do not have government backing have a harder time attracting private capital .
This does n’t mean deals wo n’t get done outside of the energy department ’s umbrella , but it means fewer deals will be done and at worse terms .
It has been one of the longest awaited sequels in Hollywood history .
Now , according to director Robert Zemeckis , a follow - up to Who Framed Roger Rabbit , the groundbreaking 1988 film which mixed live action with animated footage , is finally on the way .
In an interview with MTV , Zemeckis , who is currently doing the rounds to promote his animated adaptation of Dickens 's A Christmas Carol , revealed that a script has been commissioned .
" We 've got the original writers working on it now - [ Peter ] Seaman and [ Jeffrey ] Price , " he said .
The director had admitted earlier this year that new digital tools such as performance - capture technology had finally convinced him that the time was right to revisit the hugely popular movie .
Who Framed Roger Rabbit starred Bob Hoskins as a private investigator trying to unravel the titular mystery and featured the voices of Charles Fleischer and Kathleen Turner as Roger and Jessica Rabbit .
It was the second highest grossing film of 1988 and helped revive interest in traditional American animation .
A prequel , Who Discovered Roger Rabbit , was once considered ; likewise another screenplay , Roger Rabbit II : Toon Platoon .
Thomas the Tank Engine is pulling girls in the wrong direction , a Canadian professor says in a new study .
After analyzing 23 TV episodes about Thomas and his friends , Shauna Wilton concluded that the mythical island of Sodor was a world of few female characters with a social hierarchy based on fear and minding your place .
" The female characters do tend to be a bit sidelined , " Wilton told the Star Thursday .
" The show comes out of a particularly historical time period when society was hierarchical and there was a blind following of authority .
I want my daughter to think for herself . "
Three - year - old Kate was the inspiration for the study , says Wilton , a political science professor at the University of Alberta , Augustana .
" My daughter loves the show and loves playing with trains .
There are a lot of really positive themes in Thomas , but parents should be aware of the messages that are there . "
The messages include a " conservative political ideology that punishes individual initiative , opposes critique and change , and relegates females to supportive roles . "
The global Thomas brand of books , video games , movies and a TV series had its beginnings in 1943 , when the Rev. Wilbert Awdry in Birmingham , England , started making up stories for his son , Christopher .
His 26 - book series recreated his boyhood fantasies of talking steam engines outside his home village of Box in Wiltshire .
Christopher Awdry carried on the tradition , writing 14 books about " Really Useful Engines . "
The TV series debuted in England in 1984 and a few years later in Canada and the U.S .
" Rev. Awdry was writing the series about a romanticized image of Britain , " says Wilton as Kate plays in the background with her Thomas toys in their Camrose home .
" They 've added more female characters , but they still have n't challenged that idealized rural life that 's presented in the series . "
She was surprised in her research to find that only eight of the 49 main characters in the current Thomas shows are female .
Only Emily , the first female steam engine , is part of the core " steam team , " and she did n't arrive in the TV series until the seventh season .
Indeed , descriptions of those characters range from the coaches Annie and Clarabelle , who are old and faithful , to Emily , who is bossy and difficult to work with , to Mavis , an unreliable , feisty young diesel engine that had a lot to learn .
Daisy , the snobbish and highly strung diesel railcar , has been discontinued , and Henrietta , the faceless passenger coach , was nearly turned into a henhouse by the station master .
The peripheral Rosie idolizes Thomas and mimics him .
" Research shows TV is one of the most important socializing agents for children , " says Wilton .
" They 're not just passive viewers .
They understand it , and it's the way they understand how the world works . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
She 's floored by the 30 angry emails she 's received from Thomas fans , who think she 's anti-Thomas .
She bought Kate her first Thomas toy because " she loves the show and loves playing with trains .
I 'm not going to push her into toys I think are politically correct .
People say it 's a show for boys , but I think it 's important for boy and girl children both to see strong female characters .
Let kids watch the show , just talk to them about what they 're seeing . "
Criticism of sexism in the Thomas stories dates to the 1980s , when the Birmingham City Council banned the books from its libraries .
Britt Allcroft , who formerly produced the TV series now seen in 130 countries , dismissed the allegations back then , saying , " Thomas and friends are neither male nor female .
They 're magic . "
SEEKING THE MAGIC MUSHROOM A New York banker goes to Mexico 's mountains to participate in the age - old rituals of Indians who chew strange growths that produce visions By R. GORDON WASSON
P REPARING FOR CEREMONY at which author chewed hallucinogenic mushrooms and had visions , Curandera Eva Mendez ceremonially turns fungus in the smoke of burning aromatic leaves .
The author of this article , a vice president of J.P. Morgan & Co. Incorporated , together with his wife , Valentina P. Wasson , M.D. , a New York pediatrician , has spent the last four summers in remote mountains of Mexico .
The Wassons have been on the trail of strange and hitherto unstudied mushrooms with vision - giving powers .
They have been pursuing the cultural role of wild mushrooms for 30 years .
Their travels and inquiries throughout the world have led them to some surprising discoveries in this field in which they are pioneers .
They are now publishing their findings in Mushrooms Russia and History , a large , richly illustrated two - volume book , which is limited to 500 copies and is now on sale at $ 125 ( Pantheon Books , New York ) .
A UTHOR WASSON sits in New York home with recorder , mushroom pictures and " mushroom stone . "
A onetime newspaperman , he took up banking in 1928 .
O n the night of June 29 - 30 , 1955 , in a Mexican Indian village so remote from the world that most of the people still speak no Spanish , my friend Allan Richardson and I shared with a family of Indian friends a celebration of " holy communion " where " divine " mushrooms where first adored and then consumed .
The Indians mingled Christian and pre-Christian elements in their religious practices in a way disconcerting for Christians but natural for them .
The rite was led by two women , mother and daughter , both of them curanderas , or shamans .
The proceedings went on in the Mixeteco language .
The mushrooms were of a species with hallucinogenic powers ; that is , they cause the eater to see visions .
We chewed and swallowed these acrid mushrooms , saw visions , and emerged from the experience awestruck .
We had come form afar to attend a mushroom rite but had expected nothing so staggering as the virtuosity of the performing curanderas and the astonishing effects of the mushrooms .
Richardson and I were the first white men in recorded history to eat the divine mushrooms , which for centuries have been a secret of certain Indian peoples living far from the great world in southern Mexico .
No anthropologists had ever described the scene that we witnessed .
I am a banker by occupation and Richardson is a New York society photographer and is in charge of visual education at The Brearley School .
It was , however , no accident that we found ourselves in the lower chamber of that thatchroofed , adobe - walled Indian home .
For both of us this was simply the latest trip to Mexico in quest of the mushroom rite .
For me and my wife , who was to join us with our daughter a day later , it was a climax to nearly 30 years of inquiries and research into the strange role of toadstools in the early cultural history of Europe and Asia .
Thus that June evening found us , Allan Richardson and me , deep in the south of Mexico , bedded down with an Indian family in the heart of the Mixeteco mountains at an altitude of 5,500 feet .
We could only stay a week or so : we had no time to lose .
I went to the municipio or town hall , and there I found the official in charge , the síndico , seated alone at his great table in an upper room .
He was young a Indian , about 35 years old , and he spoke Spanish well .
His name was Filemón .
He had a friendly manner and I took a chance .
Leaning over his table , I asked him earnestly and in a low voice if I could speak to him in confidence .
Instantly curious , he encouraged me .
" Will you , " I went on , " help me learn the secrets of the divine mushroom ? " and I used the Mixeteco name , 'nti sheeto , correctly pronouncing it with glottal stop and tonal differentiation of the syllables .
When Filemón recovered from his surprise he said warmly that nothing could be easier .
He asked me to pass by his house , on the outskirts of town , at siesta time .
Allan and I arrived there about 3 o'clock .
Filemón 's home is built on a mountainside , with a trail on one side at the level of the upper story and a deep ravine on the other .
Filemón at once lead us down the ravine to a spot where the divine mushrooms where growing in abundance .
After photographing them we gathered them in a cardboard box and then labored back up the ravine in the heavy moist heat of that torrid afternoon .
Not letting us rest Filemón sent us high up above his house to meet the curandera , the woman who would officiate at the mushroom rite .
A connection of his , Eva Mendez by name , she was a curandera de primera categoría , of the highest quality , una Señora sin mancha , a woman without stain .
We found her in the house of her daughter , who pursues the same vocation .
Eva was resting on a mat on the floor from her previous night 's performance .
She was middle - aged , and short like all Mixetecos , with a spirituality in her expression that struck us at once .
She had presence .
We showed our mushrooms to the woman and her daughter .
They cried out in rapture over the firmness , the fresh beauty and abundance of our young specimens .
Through an interpreter we asked if they would serve us that night .
They said yes .
H OUSE where mushroom sessions took place is built of adobe , has thatch " dog- ears " over gable ends .
Door , lower right , leads into ceremonial room .
A BOUT 20 of us gathered in the lower chamber of Filemón 's house after 8 o'clock that evening .
Allan and I were the only strangers , the only ones who spoke no Mixeteco .
Only our hosts , Filemón and his wife , could talk to us in Spanish .
The welcome accorded to us was of a kind that we had never experienced before in the Indian country .
Everyone observed a friendly decorum .
They did not treat us stiffly , as strange white men ; we were of their number .
The Indians were wearing their best clothes , the women dressed in their huipiles or native costumes , the men in clean white trousers tied around the waist with strings and their best serapes over their clean shirts .
They gave us chocolate to drink , somewhat ceremonially , and suddenly I recalled the words of the early Spanish writer who had said that before the mushrooms were served , chocolate was drunk .
I sensed what we were in for : at long last we were discovering that the ancient communion rite still survived and we were going to witness it .
The mushrooms lay there in their box , regarded by everyone respectfully but without solemnity .
The mushrooms are sacred and never the butt of the vulgar jocularity that is often the way of white men with alcohol .
At about 10:30 o'clock Eva Mendez cleaned the mushrooms of their grosser dirt and then , with prayers , passed them through the smoke of resin incense burning on the floor .
As she did this , she sat on a mat before a simple altar table adorned with Christian images , the Child Jesus and the Baptism in Jordan .
Then she apportioned the mushrooms among the adults .
She reserved 13 pair for herself and 13 pair for her daughter .
( The mushrooms are always counted in pairs . )
I was on tiptoe of expectancy : she turned and gave me six pair in a cup .
I could not have been happier : this was the culmination of years of pursuit .
She gave Allan six pair too .
His emotions were mixed .
His wife Mary had consented to his coming only after she had drawn from him a promise not to let those nasty toadstools cross his lips .
Now he faced a behaviour dilemma .
He took the mushrooms , and I heard him mutter in anguish , " My God , what will Mary say ! "
Then we ate our mushrooms , chewing them slowly , over the course of a half hour .
They tasted bad -- acrid with a rancid odor that repeated itself .
Allan and I were determined to resist any effects they might have , to observe better the events of the night .
But our resolve soon melted before the onslaught of the mushrooms .
R ECEIVING his mushrooms , Wasson takes his night 's ration from the hand of Curandera Eva Mendez .
In right background Guy Stresser - Péan , French anthropologist who accompanied Wasson , has begun to chew his own supply .
E ATING his mushrooms , Wasson takes them from cup holding his night 's quota as the curandera prays at the household altar .
He chewed them slowly , as is the custom , and his six pair took about a half hour to eat .
Before midnight the Señora ( as Eva Mendez is usually called ) broke a flower from the bouquet on the altar and used it to snuff out the flame of the only candle that was still burning .
We were left in darkness and in darkness we remained until dawn .
For a half hour we waited in silence .
Allan felt cold and wrapped himself in a blanket .
A few minutes later he leaned over and whispered , " Gordon , I am seeing things ! "
I told him not to worry , I was too .
The visions had started .
They reached a plateau of intensity deep in the night , and they continued at that level until about 4 o'clock .
We felt slightly unsteady on our feet and in the beginning were nauseated .
We lay down on the mat that had been spread for us , but no one had any wish to sleep except the children , to whom mushrooms are not served .
We were never more wide awake , and the visions came whether our eyes were opened or closed .
They emerged from the center of the field of vision , opening up as they came , now rushing , now slowly , at the pace that our will chose .
They were in vivid color , always harmonious .
They began with art motifs , angular such as might decorate carpets or textiles or wallpaper or the drawing board of an architect .
Then they evolved into palaces with courts , arcades , gardens -- resplendent palaces all laid over with semiprecious stones .
Then I saw a mythological beast drawing a regal chariot .
Later it was though the walls of our house had dissolved , and my spirit had flown forth , and I was suspended in mid-air viewing landscapes of mountains , with camel caravans advancing slowly across the slopes , the mountains rising tier above tier to the very heavens .
Three days latter , when I repeated the same experience in the same room with the same curanderas , instead of mountains I saw river estuaries , pellucid water flowing through an endless expanse of reeds down to a measureless sea , all by the pastel light of a horizontal sun .
This time a human figure appeared , a woman in primitive costume , standing and staring across the water , enigmatic , beautiful , like a sculpture except that she breathed and was wearing woven colored garments .
It seemed as though I was viewing a world of which I was not a part and with which I could not hope to establish contact .
There I was , poised in space , a disembodied eye , invisible , incorporeal , seeing but not seen .
The visions were not blurred or uncertain .
They were sharply focused , the lines and colors being so sharp that they seemed more real to me than anything I had ever seen with my own eyes .
I felt that I was now seeing plain , whereas ordinary vision gives us an imperfect view ; I was seeing the archetypes , the Platonic ideas , that underlie the imperfect images of everyday life .
The thought crossed my mind : could the divine mushrooms be the secret that lay behind the ancient Mysteries ?
Could the miraculous mobility that I was now enjoying be the explanation for the flying witches that played so important a part in the folklore and fairy tales of northern Europe ?
These reflections passed through my mind at the very time that I was seeing the visions , for the effect of the mushrooms is to bring about a fission of the spirit , a split in the person , a kind of schizophrenia , with the rational side continuing to reason and to observe the sensations that the other side is enjoying .
The mind is attached as by an elastic cord to the vagrant senses .
A LLAN RICHARDSON eats a mushroom in spite of his pledge to his wife .
Meanwhile the Señora and her daughter were not idle .
When our visions were still in the initial phases , we heard the Señora waving her arms rhythmically .
She began a low , disconnected humming .
Soon the phrases became articulate syllables , each disconnected syllable cutting the darkness sharply .
Then by stages the Señora came forth with a full - bodied canticle , sung like very ancient music .
It seemed to me at the time like an introit to the Ancient of Days .
As the night progressed her daughter spelled her at singing .
They sang well , never loud , with authority .
What they sang was indescribably tender and moving , fresh , vibrant , rich .
I had never realized how sensitive and poetic an instrument the Mixeteco language could be .
Perhaps the beauty of the Señora 's performance was partly an illusion induced by the mushrooms ; if so , the hallucinations are aural as well as visual .
Not being musicologists , we now not whether the chants were wholly European or partial indigenous in origin .
From time to time the singing would rise to a climax and then suddenly stop , and then the Señora would fling forth spoken words , violent , hot , crisp words that cut the darkness like a knife .
This was the mushroom speaking through her , God 's words , as the Indians believe , answering the problems that had been posed by the participants .
This was the Oracle .
At intervals , perhaps every half hour , there was a brief intermission , when the Señora would relax and some would light cigarets .
At one point , while the daughter sang , the Señora stood up in the darkness where there was an open space in our room and began a rhythmic dance with clapping or slapping .
We do not know exactly how she accomplished her effect .
The claps or slaps were always resonant and true .
So far as we know , she used no device , only her hands against each other or possibly against different parts of her body .
The claps and slaps had pitch , the rhythm at times was complex , and the speed and volume varied subtly .
We think the Señora faced successively the four points of the compass , rotating clockwise , but are not sure .
One thing is certain : this mysterious percussive utterance was ventriloquistic , each slap coming from an unpredictable direction and distance , now close to our ears , now distant , above , below , here and yonder , like Hamlet 's ghost hic et ubique .
We were amazed and spellbound , Allan and I .
There we lay on our mat , scribbling notes in the dark and exchanging whispered comments , our bodies inert and heavy as lead , while our senses were floating free in space , feeling the breezes of the outdoors , surveying vast landscapes or exploring the recesses of gardens of ineffable beauty .
And all the while we were listening to the daughter 's chanting and to the unearthly claps and whacks , delicately controlled , of the invisible creatures darting around us .
The Indians who had taken the mushrooms were playing a part in the vocal activity .
In the moments of tension they would utter exclamations of wonder and adoration , not loud , responsive to the singers and harmonizing with them , spontaneously yet with art .
On that initial occasion we all fell asleep around 4 o'clock in the morning .
Allan and I awoke at 6 , rested and heads clear , but deeply shaken by the experience we had gone through .
Our friendly hosts served us coffee and bread .
We then took our leave and walked back to the Indian house where we were staying , a mile or so away .
A strange , solemn rite and wonders in the dark
For two strange timeless nights in almost complete darkness , Wasson and Richardson sat in an underground room with the curandera , Eva Mendez .
On the first , both partook of the sacred mushrooms , and both saw visions .
On the second Richardson refrained ; instead he set up flash equipment and , aiming his camera at sounds in the blackness , recorded on film parts of the ceremony .
In a solemn musical chant , Eva Mendez began with an invocation to the mushroom in the name of Christ and the saints .
She proclaimed her own good intentions and then , impatiently , entreated the spirits , " I 'm a mouth looking for you , but you are not paying attention .
Come . "
As the ritual proceeded Wasson lost himself in wondrous flights of fancy which moved him to say afterward , " For the first time the word ecstasy took on real meaning .
For the first time it did not mean someone else 's state of mind . "
H OLDING a candle made of virgin beeswax before the smoldering embers of copal , an ancient native incense , Eva Mendez invokes the saints .
Children were always in the room though they did not take active part in the ceremony .
A T THE CLIMAX of this session , at about 3:30 in the morning , Eva Mendez ministers to her ailing 17 - year - old son .
As he lies lost in the ecstasy of his visions evoked by the mushrooms , she asks divine help for him .
The child at right , perhaps soothed by the rhythm of the chanting , is sleeping quietly through the ritual .
About a dozen Indians remained in the 20 by 20 foot room throughout the night .
A few of them sat up but most lay on reed mats .
C HANTING early in the night , Eva Mendez lists her qualifications : " Am I not good ?
I am a creator woman , a star woman , a moon woman , a cross woman , a woman of heaven .
I am a cloud person , a dew - on - the - grass person . "
M EDITATING silently , Eva Mendez sits before her mushroom bowl .
Though she ate twice as many mushrooms as the rest , she stayed calm and dignified , often lyrical in her exhortations , sometimes impatient when spirits did not come .
F rom the many mushroom celebrations that I have now witnessed , nine in all , it is clear to me that at least in the Mixeteco country the congregation is indispensable to the rite .
Since the congregation , in order to participate , must be brought up in the tradition , any white persons should be greatly outnumbered by the Indians .
But this does not mean that the mushrooms lose their potency if not eaten communally .
My wife and our daughter Masha , 18 , joined us a day after the ceremony that I have described , and on July 5 , in their sleeping bags , they ate the mushrooms while alone with us .
They experienced the visions too .
They saw the same brilliant colors ; my wife saw a ball in the Palace of Versailles with figures in period costumes dancing to a Mozart minuet .
Again , on Aug. 12 , 1955 , six weeks after I had gathered the mushrooms in Mexico , I ate them in a dried state in my bedroom in New York , and found that if anything they had gained in their hallucinogenic potency .
O N MORNING after eating mushrooms , Wasson and his wife review his notes , taken in the dark .
Jars contain mushrooms later sent to Heim .
I t was a walk in the woods , many years ago , that launched my wife and me on our quest of the mysterious mushroom .
We were married in London in 1926 , she being Russian , born and brought up in Moscow .
She had lately qualified as a physician at the University of London .
I am from Great Falls , Montana of Anglo - Saxon origins .
In the late summer of 1927 , recently married , we spent our holiday in the Catskill Mountains in New York state .
In the afternoon of the first day we went strolling along a lovely mountain path , through woods criss - crossed by the slanting rays of a descending sun .
We were young , carefree and in love .
Suddenly my bride abandoned my side .
She had spied wild mushrooms in the forest , and racing over the carpet of dried leaves in the woods , she knelt in poses of adoration before first one cluster and then another of these growths .
In ecstasy she called each kind of by an endearing Russian name .
She caressed the toadstools , savored their earthy perfume .
Like all good Anglo - Saxons , I knew nothing about the fungal world and felt that the less I knew about those putrid , treacherous excrescences the better .
For her they were things of grace , infinitely inviting to the perceptive mind .
She insisted on gathering them , laughing at my protests , mocking my horror .
She brought a skirtful back to the lodge .
She cleaned and cooked them .
That evening she ate them , alone .
Not long married , I thought to wake up the next morning a widower .
These dramatic circumstances , puzzling and painful for me , made a lasting impression on us both .
From that day on we sought an explanation for this strange cultural cleavage separating us in a minor area of our lives .
Our method was to gather all the information we could on the attitude toward wild mushrooms of the Indo - European and adjacent peoples .
We tried to determine the kinds of mushrooms that each people knows , the uses to which these kinds are put , the vernacular names for them .
We dug into the etymology of those names , to arrive at the metaphors hidden in their roots .
We looked for mushrooms in myths , legends , ballads , proverbs , in the writers who drew their inspiration from folklore , in the clichés of daily conversation , in slang and the telltale recesses of obscene vocabularies .
We sought them in the pages of history , in art , in Holy Writ .
We were not interested in what people learn about mushrooms from books , but what untutored country folk know from childhood . , the folk legacy of the family circle .
It turned out that we had happened on a novel field of inquiry .
A s the years went on and our knowledge grew , we discovered a surprising pattern in our data : each Indo - European people is by cultural inheritance either " mycophobe " or " mycophile , " that is , each people either rejects and is ignorant of the fungal world or knows it astonishingly well and loves it .
Our voluminous and often amusing evidence in support of this thesis fills many sections of our new book , and it is there that we submit our case to the scholarly world .
The great Russians , we find , are mighty mycophiles , as are also the Catalans , who possess a mushroomic vocabulary of more than 200 names .
The ancient Greeks , Celts and Scandinavians were mycophobes , as are the Anglo - Saxons .
There was another phenomenon that arrested our attention : wild mushrooms from earliest times were steeped in what the anthropologists call mana , a supernatural aura .
The very word " toadstool " may have meant originally the " demonic stool " and been the specific name of a European mushroom that causes hallucinations .
In ancient Greece and Rome there was a belief that certain kinds of mushrooms were procreated by the lighting bolt .
We made the further discovery that this particular myth , for which no support exists in natural science , is still believed among many widely scattered peoples : the Arabs of the desert , the peoples of India , Persia and the Pamirs , the Tibetans and Chinese , the Filipinos and the Maoris of New Zeland , and even among the Zapotecs of Mexico ...
All of our evidence taken together led us many years ago to hazard a bold surmise : was it not probable that , long ago , long before the beginnings of written history , our ancestors had worshiped a divine mushroom ?
This would explain the aura of the supernatural in which all fungi seem to be bathed .
We were the first to offer the conjecture of a divine mushroom in the remote cultural background of the European peoples , and the conjecture at once posed a further problem : what kind of mushroom was once worshiped and why ?
Our surmise turned out not to be farfetched .
We learned that in Siberia there are six primitive peoples -- so primitive that anthropologists regard them as precious museum pieces for cultural study -- who use an hallucinogenic mushroom in their shamanistic rites .
We found that the Dyaks of Borneo and the Mount Hagen natives of New Guinea also have recourse to similar mushrooms .
In China and Japan we came upon an ancient tradition of a divine mushroom of immortality , and in India , according to one school , the Buddha at his last supper ate a dish of mushrooms and was forthwith translated to nirvana .
When Cortez conquered Mexico , his followers reported that the Aztecs were using certain mushrooms in their religious celebrations , serving them , as the early Spanish friars put it , in a demonic holy communion and calling them teonanacatl , " God 's flesh . "
But no one at that time made a point of studying this practice in detail , and until now anthropologists have paid little attention to it .
We with our interest in mushrooms seized on the Mexican opportunity , and for years have devoted the few leisure hours of our busy lives to the quest of the divine mushroom in Middle America .
We think we have discovered it in certain frescoes in the Valley of Mexico that date back to about 400 A.D. , and also in the " mushroom stones " carved by the highland Maya of Guatemala that go back in one or two instances to the earliest era of stone carvings , perhaps 1000 B.C .
M EXICAN drawing of 16th Century shows three mushrooms , a man eating them and a god behind him , who is speaking through the mushroom .
M USROOM stone " form the highlands of Guatemala dates back to 300- 600 A.D .
For a day following our mushroom adventure Allan and I did little but discuss our experience .
We had attended a shamanistic rite with singing and dancing among our Mixeteco friends which no anthropologist has ever before described in the New World , a performance with striking parallels in the shamanistic practices of some of the archaic Palaeo - Siberian peoples .
But may not the meaning of what we had witnessed go beyond this ?
The hallucinogenic mushrooms are a natural product presumably accessible to men in many parts of the world , including Europe and Asia .
In man 's evolutionary past , as he groped his way out from his lowly past , there must have come a moment in time when he discovered the secret of the hallucinatory mushrooms .
Their effect on him , as I see it , could only have been profound , a detonator to new ideas .
For the mushrooms revealed to him worlds beyond the horizons known to him , in space and time , even worlds on a different plane of being , a heaven and perhaps a hell .
For the credulous primitive mind , the mushrooms must have reinforced mightily the idea of the miraculous .
Many emotions are shared by men with the animal kingdom , but awe and reverence and the fear of God are peculiar to men .
When we bear in mind the beatific sense of awe and ecstasy and caritas engendered by the divine mushrooms , one is emboldened to the point of asking whether they may not have planted in primitive man the very idea of god .
It is no accident , perhaps , that the first answer of the Spanish - speaking Indian , when I asked about the effect of the mushrooms , was often this :
Le llevan ahí donde Dios está , " They carry you there where God is , " an answer that we have received on several occasions , from Indians in different cultural areas , almost as though it were in a sort of catechism .
At all times there have been rare souls -- the mystics and certain poets -- who have had access without the aid of drugs to the visionary world for which the mushrooms hold the key .
William Blake possessed the secret : " He who does not imagine in ... stronger and better light than his perishing mortal eye can see , does not imagine at all . "
But I can testify that the mushrooms make those visions accessible to a much larger number .
The visions that we saw must have come from within us , obviously .
But they did not recall anything that we had seen with our own eyes .
Somewhere within us there must lie a repository where these visions sleep until they are called forth .
Are the visions a subconscious transmutation of things read and seen and imagined , so transmuted that when they are conjured forth from the depths we no longer recognize them ?
Or do the mushrooms stir greater depths still , depths that are truly the Unknown ?
I N each of our successive trips to the Indian peoples of southern Mexico , we have enlarged our knowledge of the use of the divine mushrooms , and as our knowledge has increased , new and exciting questions keep arising .
We have found five distinct cultural areas where the Indians invoke the mushrooms , but the usage varies widely in every area .
What is needed is a perceptive approach by trained anthropologists in every area , cooperating with mushrooms specialists .
Of these latter there are in the whole world relatively few : mushrooms are a neglected field in the natural sciences .
In this field Professor Roger Heim is known the world over .
He is not only a man with vast experience in the field of mushrooms : he is an outstanding scientist in other fields , a man steeped in the humanities , the head of the Muséum National D'Historie Naturelle in Paris .
At an early stage of our inquiries he had lent us his counsel , and in 1956 our progress had been such as to justify him in accompanying us on another field trip .
There came with us also a chemist , Professor James A. Moore of the University of Delaware ; an anthropologist , Guy Stresser - Péan of the Sorbonne ; and once again our loyal friend Allan Richardson as photographer .
G ROWING in Paris , cultures brought back form Mexico by Heim produce mushrooms in his laboratory .
These are Psilocybe mexicana Heim .
This time the immediate problem was to identify the hallucinogenic mushrooms and to command a steady supply of them for laboratory study .
This is harder than a layman would think .
Though the early Spanish writers wrote about the divine mushrooms four centuries ago , no anthropologist and no mycologist had been sufficiently interested to pursue the problem until our own generation .
Those who know these mushrooms are Indians belonging to tribes farthest removed from us culturally , locked in their mountains remote form highways , locked also behind the barrier of their languages .
One must win their confidence and overcome their suspicion of white men .
One must face the physical discomforts of life and dangers of disease in the Indian villages in the rainy season , when the mushrooms grow .
Occasionally a white face is seen in those parts in the dry season , but when the rains come , those rare beings -- missionaries , archaeologists , anthropologists , botanists , geologists -- vanish .
There are other difficulties .
Of the seven curanderos that by now I have seen take mushrooms , only two , Eva Mendez and her daughter , were dedicated votaries .
Some of the others were equivocal characters .
Once we saw a curandero take only a token dose of mushroom , and there was another who ate and served to us a kind of mushroom that had no hallucinogenic properties at all .
Had we seen only him , we should have come away thinking that the famed properties of the mushrooms were a delusion , a striking instance of autosuggestion .
Do we discover here an effort at deception , or had the dried mushrooms through age lost their peculiar property ?
Or , much more interesting anthropologically , do some shamans deliberately substitute innocent species for the authentic kinds in a retreat from what is too sacred to be borne ?
Even when we have won the confidence of a skilled practitioner like Eva , the atmosphere must be right for a perfect performance and there must be an abundance of mushrooms .
Sometimes even in the rainy season the mushrooms are scarce , as we have learned from costly experience .
W E now know that there are seven kinds of hallucinogenic mushrooms in use in Mexico .
But not all the Indians know them even in the villages where they are worshiped , and either in good faith or to make the visitor happy , the curanderos sometimes deliver the wrong mushrooms .
The only certain test is to eat the mushrooms .
Professor Heim and we have thus established beyond challenge the claims of four species .
The next best thing is to obtain multiple confirmation from informants unknown to each other , if possible from various cultural areas .
This we have done with several additional kinds .
We are now certain as to four species , reasonably sure about two other kinds , and inclined to accept the claims of a seventh , these seven belonging to three genera .
Of these seven , at least six appear to be new to science .
Perhaps in the end we shall discover more than seven kinds .
The mushrooms are not used as therapeutic agents : they themselves do not effect cures .
The Indians " consult " the mushrooms when distraught with grave problems .
If someone is ill , the mushroom will say what led to the illness and whether the patient will live or die , and what should be done to hasten recovery .
If the verdict of the mushroom is for death , the believing patient and his family resign themselves : he loses appetite and soon expires and even before his death they begin preparations for the wake .
Or one may consult the mushroom about the stolen donkey and learn where it will be found and who took it .
Or if a beloved son has gone out into the world -- perhaps to the United States -- the mushroom is a kind of a postal service : it will report whether he still lives or is dead , whether he is in jail , married , in trouble or prosperous .
The Indians believe that the mushrooms hold the key to what we call extrasensory perception .
Little by little the properties of the mushrooms are beginning to emerge .
The Indians who eat them do not become addicts : when the rainy season is over and the mushrooms disappear , there seems to be no physiological craving for them .
Each kind has its own hallucinogenic strength , and if enough of one species be not available , the Indians will mix the species , making a quick calculation of the right dosage .
The curandero usually takes a large dose and everyone else learns to know what his own dose should be .
It seems that the dose does not increase with use .
Some persons require more than others .
An increase in the dose intensifies the experience but does not greatly prolong the effect .
The mushrooms sharpen , if anything , the memory , while they utterly destroy the sense of time .
On the night that we have described we lived through eons .
When it seemed to us that a sequence of visions had lasted for years , our watches would tell us that only seconds had passed .
The pupils of our eyes were dilated , the pulse of ran slow .
We think the mushrooms have no cumulative effect on the human organism .
Eva Mendez has been taking them for 35 years , and when they are plentiful she takes them night after night .
The mushrooms present a chemical problem .
What is the agent in them that releases the strange hallucinations ?
We are now reasonably sure that it differs form such familiar drugs as opium , coca , mescaline , hashish , etc .
But the chemist has a long road to go before he will isolate it , arrive at its molecular structure and synthesize it .
The problem is of great interest in the realm of pure science .
Will it also prove of help in coping with psychic disturbances ?
My wife and I have traveled far and discovered much since that day 30 years ago in the Catskills when we first perceived the strangeness of wild mushrooms .
But what we have already discovered only opens up new vistas for further study .
Today we are about to embark on our fifth expedition to the Mexican Indian villages , again seeking to increase and refine our knowledge of the role played by mushrooms in the lives of these remote peoples .
But Mexico is only the beginning .
All the evidence relating to the primitive beginnings of our own European cultures must be reviewed to see whether the hallucinogenic mushroom played a part there , only to be overlooked by posterity .
Rare vision - giving fungi shown for first time
On his latest expedition to seek out and study the hallucinogenic mushrooms , Wasson was accompained by Professor Roger Heim , an old friend , one of the world 's leading mycologists and head of France 's Muséum National d'Histoire Naturelle .
Wasson had sent
Heim specimens form three of his previous trips .
Now Heim was able to study the mushrooms in the field , eat them with the Indians and work out techniques for growing some of them in the laboratory .
L IFE here publishes Professor Heim 's life - size water - color paintings of the seven kinds of hallucinogenic mushrooms so far discovered .
Four of these are species new to science and two others are new varieties of a known species , Psilocybe caerulescens Murrill .
At the present time no one knows what drug it is in these mushrooms that causes the eater to see visions , and until its properties are clearly defined the hallucinogenic mushrooms must be treated with extreme caution .
Among the Indians , their use is hedged about with restrictions of many kinds .
Unlike ordinary edible mushrooms , these are never sold in the market place , and no Indian dares to eat them frivolously , for excitement .
The Indians themselves speak of their use as muy delicado , that is , perilous .
W ITH professor Heim , Wasson ( right ) searches a mountainside near the village for specimens of the sacred mushrooms .
They found two species here .
C ALLED " Children of the Waters " by Aztecs , Psilocybe Aztecorum Heim grows in grass on volcano Popocatepetl .
G ROWING on certain kinds of dead tree trunks , Conocybe Siligineoides Hiem was collected by Wasson in 1955 .
F IRST DISCOVERED in Cuba in June 1904 , Stropharia cubensis Erale grows on cow dung in pastures .
C ROWN of Thorns , " Psilocybe Zapotecorum Heim grows in marshy ground .
It was first found in 1955 . L ANDSLIDE " mushroom , Psilocybe caerulescens Murrill , var .
Mazatecorum
Heim , grows on sugar cane residue .
M USHROOM of Superior Reason , " Psilocybe caerulescens Murrill var .
nigripes Heim , grows near Juquila .
M OST PRIZED by Indians and most widespread of these fungi , Psilocybe mexicana Heim grows in pastures .
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
For help in Middle America the author and Mrs. Wasson are indebted in Mexico chiefly to Robert J. Waitlaner ; to Carmen Cook de Leonard and her husband , Donald Leonard ; to Eunice V. Pike , Walter Miller ; Searle Hoogshagan , and Bill Upson of the Summer Institute of Linguistics ; also to Gordon Ekholm of the American Museum of Natural History , New York ; and to Stephan F. de Borhegyi , director of the Stovall Museum of the University of Oklahoma .
They are grateful for material aid granted to them by the American Philosophical Society and the Geschickter Fund for Medical Research , and also to the Banco Nacional de México for lending them its private plane and the services of the excellent pilot , Captain Carlos Borja .
For mycological guidance they are primarily indebted to Roger Heim , director of the Muséum National d'Historie Naturelle , Paris .
For general advice they are most deeply indebted to Roman Jakobson of Harvard University , Robert Graves of Majorca , Adriaan J. Barnouw of New York , Georg Morgenstierne of the University of Oslo , L. L. Hammerich of the University of Copenhagen , André Martinet of the Sorbone , and René Lafon of the Faculté des Lettres at Bordeaux .
In the article the names of places and persons have been altered to preserve their privacy .
This article was published in LIFE Magazine ( June 10 , 1957 ) .
This transcription of the article has been done only with divulgative intentions and in recognition to the work of R.G. Wasson , but with no lucrative purposes .
In case that any person or entity with rights of the intelectual propierty of the text have any inconvinient in its publication on the Net , please contact us using this page
About the author
( NewsTarget ) A small Canadian community 's success with curing cancer naturally was recently crushed , forcing its provider into exile in Europe .
Rick Simpson had discovered a cure for himself and then had shared it at no cost with others in the small rural town of Maccan , Nova Scotia .
Rick offered results without side effects , and the Maccan residents took advantage .
The results were amazing with even cancer patients .
There are always problems promoting alternative cures .
But here was an additional obstacle .
Rick Simpson experienced a head injury at work in 1997 .
Afterward he was afflicted with post concussion syndrome .
He was put on pharmaceuticals , which created dysfunctional side effects .
He heard about the medical benefits of marijuana .
So Rick purchased a bag and began smoking daily .
Eventually , both the post concussion syndrome and the pharmaceutical drug fog vanished completely .
Rick 's doctor discouraged him from smoking .
So Rick decided on growing his own hemp and extracting the oil with THC .
He reduced a pound of plants by slow boiling in a solution to get a small tube of thick THC concentrated oil .
Soon after he began , Rick was diagnosed with basal cell carcinoma .
After one of the three cancers was removed surgically , it came back .
So he decided to try the THC laden hemp oil topically .
Within days , all three skin cancers were completely healed .
Rick deduced that THC hemp oil cured cancer , but smoking marijuana would not .
So Rick began sharing the hemp oil within his community for free .
experienced remarkable improvement by taking a drop orally twice daily or applying it topically .
Rick Dwyer , the manager of the local Royal American Legion branch was very impressed .
His father 's terminal lung cancer was cured in weeks after the medicos had sent him home to die .
Quickly the word was out locally about Thompson`s THC hemp oil .
Several others were cured without side effects from a variety of serious ailments , including cancer .
Then both Ricks decided there should be town meetings in the Legion hall about the THC hemp oil , and that they would see what to do about spreading the word .
They wanted the world to know about this natural cure
The publicity from a curious Canadian media raised enough of a stir for the Legion to close the Maccan branch and fire Rick Dwyer as the local manager .
Then the locals became concerned about the Royal Canadian Mounted Police ( RMPC ) clamping down on Rick Simpson`s life saving operation .
So Rick Simpson went to Halifax , Nova Scotia , to acquire legal exemption for using his oil as medical marijuana .
He took 14 dozen sworn affidavits from those he had helped in Maccan .
But they were disregarded and his request was turned down .
Nine months later he appealed to the Nova Scotia Supreme Court .
This time , Rick had ten cured citizens and six doctors present to testify .
His appeal was rejected , and his little local operation of supplying free cannabis cures was threatened .
Slowly it dawned on him that it was n't just the legal system that prevented natural cannabis cures .
Rick Simpson realized that the cancer industry is focused on treating , not curing , for high profits .
Monopoly medicine and Big Pharma 's concern for maintaining a massive cash flow have been the prime motive for keeping all natural cures down .
Sources for this series of articles include : Rick Simpson`s site , Phoenix TearsDr. Mark Sircus http://www.thenhf.com/articles/articles_659/...
Reference for THC hemp medical history Paul Fassa is dedicated to warning others about the current corruption of food and medicine and guiding others toward a direction for better health with no restrictions on health freedom .
You can visit his blog at http://healthmaven.blogspot.com
By Jonathan Amos
Science reporter , BBC News
Nasa 's Icesat spacecraft tracks changes in ice sheet height Greenland and parts of Antarctica are losing large volumes of ice to the oceans as their glaciers get thinner , a Nasa satellite has revealed .
Many glaciers have increased their flow rates in recent years , and the Icesat mission now allows scientists to measure their thickness in detail .
A UK team studying the data told the journal Nature that the findings had implications for future sea - level rise .
A full melt of the Greenland ice would push sea level up by about 7 m ( 20 ft ) .
The extent of " dynamic thinning " , observed by the satellite , has been a major source of uncertainty in projections of sea - level rise .
" All of the glaciers that are changing rapidly are ones that flow into the sea , " said Hamish Pritchard from the British Antarctic Survey ( BAS ) .
" The fact that they end in the sea means a buoyancy effect is working on them , " he told BBC News .
" Normally , they 're heavy things and they rest on the sea-bed and friction slows them down .
But as you start to thin glaciers , they start to float off the sea - bed more and more ; there 's less friction and the glaciers can speed up . "
The swiftness with which some of the glaciers now move towards the sea far outstrips the rate at which ice can be restored to the land through precipitation .
As a consequence , these glaciers are shown in the Icesat data to be falling in height - some dramatically so .
Fore example , the giant Pine Island and Thwaites Glaciers in the West Antarctic are thinning by up to nine metres per year .
The Pine Island Glacier is thinning by up to several metres per year
The US space agency satellite uses a laser altimeter to measure the elevation of the ice sheets .
It can acquire high - resolution data , especially in the steeply sloping coastal areas , where the radar altimeters flown on many other Earth observation satellites struggle to see important details .
Dr Pritchard and colleagues looked through six years of data to assess the behaviour of the ice along the entire margins of the two continents .
They monitored fast - moving and nearby " stagnant " ice streams at the same altitude to try to distinguish between the various possible causes of thinning .
The findings re-affirm what many suspect - that the reduced elevation of these glaciers is not the result of changes in precipitation or melt , but the increased speed at which they now move .
" If these were changes solely related to atmospheric conditions , either changes in temperature or snowfall , we would expect the glaciers and the nearby ice to be showing the same signal ; and they don't , " explained Professor David Vaughan , also at BAS .
" The glaciers are thinning because they are speeding up .
Because they 're flowing more rapidly to the ocean , they are discharging more ice into the ocean than is being replaced by new snowfall .
The balance is loss . "
The researchers tell Nature that this dynamic thinning , as they call it , now covers all latitudes in Greenland .
Of 111 fast - moving Greenland glaciers studied , 81 were shown to be thinning at twice the rate as the slow - moving ice beside them .
In Antarctica , the picture is more complicated , with Icesat reporting significant ice growth in places .
Nonetheless , the researchers say , thinning has intensified at key locations where ice streams enter the ocean .
Some of the most graphic examples come from the Antarctic Peninsula , a region that is known to be warming faster than the rest of the continent .
Little thinning was seen on the massive , cold East Antarctic ice sheet , while the West Antarctic ice showed a mixed picture .
In many places in both Antarctica and Greenland , glaciers are being confronted by warmer waters which are eroding their fronts .
The break - up of floating ice shelves that would normally constrict glacier flow has also contributed to the observed acceleration .
And in some regions , increased air temperatures are having an effect .
The team says better tools are needed to understand how changes in glacier behaviour will impact sea level .
" One of the big issues in glaciology is trying to get the right models to predict the ice sheets and to explain these observations , " said Dr Pritchard .
" This is a set of measurements the modellers can use to improve their models and to predict future sea- level rise . "
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Advertisement
Windows / Mac / Linux :
If you ever have to rip DVDs to your desktop or convert video , you know how awesome open - source encoder HandBrake is .
Well , it 's just been updated with over 1,000 changes since the last release , including 64 - bit support .
Advertisement
The 64 - bit support is probably the most notable change in this build , as it allows you to encode videos about 10 % faster than the 32 - bit builds — in a lot of cases , bringing encoding up to real - time or faster .
And , note that Mac users do n't need Snow Leopard to see this improvement , long as they have a 64 - bit capable machine ( Intel Core 2 Duo or later ) .
Linux users will also be able to reap the benefits of the 64 - bit build ; unfortunately at this point there does n't appear to be a 64 - bit version for Windows users .
Other changes include soft subtitles ( it rips subtitles that you can turn on or off ) , a live preview mode ( so you do n't waste your time encoding only to find you had a setting wrong ) , constant quality encoding ( for better quality video and no need for 2 - pass encoding ) , and some cleaning up of the settings .
It looks like there are no more presets for PSP , PS3 , or Xbox 360 , just one " Normal " setting that , in theory , will work with anything that supports Main Profile H.264 .
Also , AVI , OGG / OGM and XviD encoding have been removed from the program — the HandBrake team has apparently decided to focus on H.264 encoding and get rid of old codecs .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
HandBrake is a free , open source download .
HandBrake [ via TUAW ]
I am always looking for interesting nonfiction books for my kids to read .
They seem to enjoy nonfiction as much as they enjoy fiction , but a lot of informative books are n't aimed at younger kids .
They have too much small text , or are too long or too dry .
Some are hopelessly out of date .
Through many trips to our local library , though , I have noticed more nonfiction books emerging that are very well illustrated , short , accurate and hold my kids ' interest .
Book publishers and authors seem to be finally getting the idea that kids are n't just small versions of adults .
They learn more when they are engaged and interested .
Try to teach a kid a difficult concept , and watch for their eyes to glaze over .
That 's your signal to take a step back , and teach it from another direction , or through a different method .
Publishers are learning this lesson as well .
One new set of books teaches about ( mostly ) wild animals in an informative and engaging way : Wild Reads .
I was sent a few books to review , and the minute I opened the envelope , my kids , aged 8 and 5 , devoured them .
The recommended age range for the books is 4 - 8 , which sounds about right to me .
They are filled with colorful , very detailed drawings to interest the non-readers , and have large print for young readers .
The books do n't talk down to the kids , however .
There are plenty of big words to learn , but each book comes with a handy glossary in the back .
There seem to be 14 books in the series : Bees , Big Cats , Crocodiles , Dinosaurs , Dogs , Elephants , Frogs and Toads , Horses , Rats , Sharks , Snakes , Spiders , Whales and Wolves .
I received the books on bees , big cats , dinosaurs and dogs .
Each one tackles the subject a little bit differently .
For example , the book on bees covered things like how a city of bees works , the kinds of bees , parts of a bee and what bees do .
The book on dinosaurs covered the history of dinosaurs , their babies , herbivores and carnivores , dinosaur bones and modern day birds .
The last page in each book lists a website or two to get more information on the animal highlighted in the book .
It also lists places to visit to see the animal .
Unfortunately for those of us in the states , most of these places are in the UK .
Each book is about 30 pages long and costs $ 3.95 .
Wired :
These books help make nonfiction more accessible to children and show that nonfiction can be just as fun and interesting as fiction .
Great price and value .
Tired :
They only have 14 books available !
Hopefully they 'll come out with more in the future .
Everybody knows by now that Bank of America is buying back the $ 45 billion of preferred stock that the government currently owns .
While the reason why they are doing this is obvious , I ’m going to pretend it is n’t for a few paragraphs .
Buying back stock costs money — real cash money .
Why would a company ever do such a thing ?
The textbook answer is that a company should do it if it does n’t have investment opportunities that yield more than its cost of capital .
The cash in its bank account , in some sense , belongs to its shareholders , who expect a certain return .
If the bank ca n’t earn that return with the cash , it should return it to the shareholders .
In this case , though , the interest rate on the preferred shares is only 5 % , which is far lower than usual cost of equity .
In fact , Bank of America just issued $ 19 billion of new stock in order to help buy back the government ’s preferred stock .
The cost of that new equity ( in corporate finance terms ) is certainly higher than 5 % .
In other words , Bank of America just threw money away .
In practice , companies buy back stock in order to increase their earnings per share .
Fewer shares outstanding and the same earnings mean higher earnings per share and a higher stock price .
In theory , this should n’t work : the benefit of having fewer shares should be exactly balanced by the fact that the company is now worth less ( because it has , say , $ 45 billion less cash than it had yesterday ) .
But in practice , it seems to work , probably because of signaling .
But that does n’t make sense in this case , either , since these are preferred shares that Bank of America is buying back , which have no claim on earnings .
In effect , Bank of America is paying off cheap ( 5 % ) debt it does n’t have to pay off — and to do that , it ’s issuing new common shares , which will dilute existing shareholders .
Paying back its TARP money also has the effect of making Bank of America weaker .
From a liquidity perspective , it now has about $ 20 - 25 billion ( $ 45 billion minus $ 19 billion raised from new equity minus a few billion from other asset sales ) less cash than it did before paying the money back .
From a capital perspective , using cash to buy back preferred shares reduces your Tier 1 capital ratio .
( I know there is disagreement about this , but the term sheet explicitly said that Treasury ’s preferred shares counted as Tier 1 capital . )
So why ?
The answer … which most of you know already … is to avoid executive compensation caps .
From the Times article :
“ It is a particularly delicate time for Bank of America , which has struggled to find a replacement for Mr. Lewis .
By paying back the money that it received under the Troubled Asset Relief Program , or TARP , Bank of America will free itself from exceptional federal oversight of its executives ’ pay — a thorny issue in recruiting a new chief executive . ”
In retrospect , the executive compensation caps inserted by Congress into the stimulus bill back in February are having a perverse effect .
Because the caps applied only to financial institutions that took TARP money — and they applied much more heavily to institutions that received “ exceptional assistance , ” like Citigroup and Bank of America — it tilted the paying field even more heavily against them .
This gives them an incentive to take steps that weaken their financial condition , even as conditions in the real economy ( to which Bank of America is highly exposed ) remain bleak .
I support restrictions on the form of compensation in financial institutions , such as requiring them to be distributed in restricted stock that vests over several years ( which is already standard practice at some banks , such as Goldman Sachs ) and making bonuses in good years subject to clawbacks in bad years .
But those restrictions have to apply to all financial institutions , not just some of them ; otherwise , you get this situation where Bank of America is making a silly financial decision because it has to in order to hire a new CEO .
( The fact that nobody will be CEO of America ’s largest bank because of executive comp restrictions is another issue , but there ’s not much we can do about that .
I would do it , but I do n’t want to move to Charlotte . )
Update : Ted K. pointed out to me that Wells Fargo , which is generally considered less of a basket case than Bank of America , is not paying back its TARP money yet .
By James Kwak
Friday Q&A 2009 - 10 - 30 : Generators in Objective -C
It 's Friday again and time for another Friday Q&A .
This week I 'm going to discuss a framework for creating generators in Objective - C. I 'm indulging myself a bit with this , because nobody suggested it , but nothing in my suggestion bank inspired me this time around , so I decided to go with something of my own .
Generators
A generator is essentially a function which remembers its state between invocations .
In a normal function , the second time you call it is just like the first .
Execution starts over at the top , local variables reset their values , etc .
With a generator , execution starts where it left off , and local variables remember their values .
In Python , a simple generator looks like this :
def countfrom ( n ) : while True : yield n n += 1
yield
return
yield
Thestatement takes the place of thestatement that you 'd find in a normal function .
When execution hits , the value is returned but the function 's state is also saved .
The net result is that successive calls return successively increasing numbers .
Things are n't actually quite this simple in Python .
A call to countfrom does n't start returning numbers , but rather returns an object .
Calling the next method on the object it returns will return the successive numbers .
Using my MAGenerator , things are much the same .
The generator is considerably more wordy and uglier , but this should be so surprise considering that it's C , and that this is basically hacked on support rather than a language feature .
The example counter generator using MAGenerator would look like this :
GENERATOR ( int , CountFrom ( int start ) , ( void ) ) { __block int n ; GENERATOR_BEGIN
( void ) { n = start ; while ( 1 ) { GENERATOR_YIELD ( n ) ; n ++ ; } } GENERATOR_END }
CountFrom
int ( ^ counter ) ( void ) = CountFrom ( 42 ) ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < 10 ; i ++ ) NSLog ( @ " %d " , counter ( ) ) ;
Much like in Python , callingdoes n't start returning numbers .
Instead , it returns a block .
Calling the block will then start returning numbers .
Here 's an example of how you 'd actually use this generator :
This will log 42 , 43 , 44 , 45 , 46 , 47 , 48 , 49 , 50 , 51 .
Basic Implementation
The basic concept behind how MAGenerator works was inspired by Simon Tatham 's Coroutines in C .
His coroutines are considerably more limited due to the fact that C without blocks can't really handle what 's needed , but there 's a great deal of cleverness in the implementation .
There are two major problems that need to be solved .
The first problem is that of resuming execution where it left off .
This is solved using a switch statement .
The individual case labels give places to resume execution .
In C , case labels can be put practically anywhere , even inside other control constructs , and the jump can be made and everything continues without any fuss .
The second problem is that of preserving state .
Tatham solved this one by simply using static variables instead of locals .
While this works , it has the severe limitation of only allowing one instance of the function to be active .
Using blocks , we can work around this much more nicely by using variables captured from the enclosing scope .
Thus , here is the basic idea of what our CountFrom function would look like if we implemented it directly instead of with the help of macros :
// this crazy thing is how you declare a function that returns a block int ( ^ CountFrom ( int start ) ) ( void ) { __block int state =
0 ; __block int n ; int ( ^ block ) ( void ) = ^ { switch ( state ) { case 0 : n = start ; while ( 1 ) { state = 1 ; return n ; case 1 : ; // yes , this is legal !
n ++ ; } } } ; return [ [ block copy ] autorelease ] ; }
CountFrom
start
state
n
__block
As you can see , the call toreturns a block , which captures theparameter as well as theandlocal variables .
Those are qualified withso that they can be mutated from within the block .
The state variable is where the magic happens .
When you call the block , execution always begins at the top , just like with a function .
However , the first thing it encounters is a switch statement .
By setting the state variable to correspond to the location of the return statement , this switch statement causes execution to resume immediately after it .
Since all of our variables are captured from the enclosing scope , they remember their contents across calls .
Cleanup
Let 's consider a little string builder generator .
This generator will take path components and build a complete path out of them .
Here 's a first stab at it :
NSString * ( ^ PathBuilder ( void ) ) ( NSString * component ) { __block int state =
0 ; __block NSString * path ; NSString * ( ^ block ) ( NSString * component ) = ^ { switch ( state ) { case 0 : path = @ " / " ; while ( 1 ) { path = [ path stringByAppendingPathComponent : component ] ; state = 1 ; return path ; case 1 : ; } } } ; return [ [ block copy ] autorelease ] ; }
__block
path
path
This works , but is dangerous .
The danger comes becausevariables do n't retain what they point to .
Ourvariable points to an un-owned string .
If the caller happens to pop an autorelease pool in between calls to the path builder generator , that will destroy the string , leave a dangling pointer in , and cause a crash at the next call .
We could fix this by copying the string , like so :
NSString * ( ^ PathBuilder ( void ) ) ( NSString * component ) { __block int state =
0 ; __block NSString * path ; __block NSString * newPath ; NSString * ( ^ block ) ( NSString * component ) = ^ { switch ( state ) { case 0 : path = @ " / " ; while ( 1 ) { newPath = [ path stringByAppendingPathComponent : component ] ; [ path release ] ; path = [ newPath copy ] ; state = 1 ; return path ; case 1 : ; } } } ; return [ [ block copy ] autorelease ] ; }
path
But this has a new problem , namely that it will leak the last string assigned to
The proper solution is to create a cleanup block which gets executed when the main block is destroyed .
This can be accomplished by taking advantage of the fact that blocks do automatically manage the memory of captured non- __block object pointer variables .
We can create an object :
NSString * ( ^ PathBuilder ( void ) ) ( NSString * component ) { id cleanupObj = ...;
... NSString * ( ^ block ) ( NSString * component ) = ^ { [ cleanupObj path ] ; ...
[ cleanupObj callBlockWhenDeallocated : ^ { ... } ] ;
CFMutableArray
Reference it in a meaningless way so that it gets captured by the block :
And then have that object call the cleanup block when it 's destroyed :
This could be done using a custom class , but for the sake of simplicity , I opted instead to use awith custom callbacks set up so that the retain callback would copy the object , and the release callback would cast it to the appropriate block pointer , call it , and then release it .
By adding the cleanup block to the array , it will be automatically invoked when the array ( and the generator block ) is destroyed .
If you assume that MAGeneratorMakeCleanupArray does the job of setting up the appropriate CFMutableArray ( and casting it to an NSMutable Array then the final code , with cleanup , looks like this :
NSString * ( ^ PathBuilder ( void ) ) ( NSString * component ) { __block int state =
0 ; __block NSString * path ; __block NSString * newPath ; NSMutableArray * cleanupArray = MAGeneratorMakeCleanupArray ( ) ; NSString * ( ^ block ) ( NSString * component ) = ^ { [ cleanupArray self ] ; // meaningless reference to capture it switch ( state ) { case 0 : path = @ " / " ; while ( 1 ) { newPath = [ path stringByAppendingPathComponent : component ] ; [ path release ] ; path = [ newPath copy ] ; state = 1 ; return path ; case 1 : ; } } } ; [ cleanupArray addObject : ^ { [ path release ] ; } ] ; return [ [ block copy ] autorelease ] ; }
Now everything works as expected .
Macroization
Much of the above , while workable , is tremendously annoying to write .
To help , I turned all the boilerplate parts into macros .
To start with , the GENERATOR macro takes care of the function declaration as well as a variable to hold the cleanup block .
It also declares a GENERATOR_zeroReturnValue variable , which is used to quiet compiler warnings about failing to return a value at the end of the block .
Unfortunately , this trick means you can't use these macros to create a generator which returns void .
However , since you can just declare another type ( like int ) and ignore the value in the caller , this is not a big problem .
Here 's what it looks like :
# define GENERATOR ( returnType , nameAndCreationParams , perCallParams ) \ returnType ( ^nameAndCreationParams ) perCallParams \ { \ returnType GENERATOR_zeroReturnValue ; \ bzero( &GENERATOR;_zeroReturnValue , sizeof ( GENERATOR_zeroReturnValue ) ) ; \ returnType ( ^GENERATOR_cleanupBlock ) ( void ) = nil ;
GENERATOR
Local variables can be declared immediately after
The GENERATOR_DECL works the same as the GENERATOR macro , but only produces the prototype , making it suitable for a declaration in a header file .
#define GENERATOR_DECL( returnType , nameAndCreationParams , perCallParams ) \ returnType ( ^nameAndCreationParams ) perCallParams
GENERATOR_BEGIN
GENERATOR_where
#define GENERATOR_BEGIN (... ) \ __block int GENERATOR_where = - 1 ; \ NSMutableArray * GENERATOR_cleanupArray = MAGeneratorMakeCleanupArray ( ) ; \ id GENERATOR_mainBlock = ^ ( __VA_ARGS__ ) { \ [ GENERATOR_cleanupArray self ] ; \ switch ( GENERATOR_where ) \ { \ case -1 :
GENERATOR_YIELD
__LINE__
# define GENERATOR_YIELD (... ) \ do { \ GENERATOR_where = __LINE__ ; \ return __VA_ARGS__ ; \ case __LINE__ : ; \ } while (0 )
GENERATOR_YIELD
Next comes , which takes the generator 's parameters again .
This declares the state variable ( called , the cleanup array , and starts off the block :
The generator code can follow this macro .
Within the generator code , you want to return values , so you do this using themacro .
This macro does exactly the same thing as the sequence we wrote manually above .
The one trick here is that we need a unique number to identify the state value for this yield .
Previously we could just write 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , etc. in the code .
We could make this macro take another parameter for the state value , but it 's annoying to have to keep track of them all .
Instead , as Tatham did , I chose to use themacro , which gets replaced by the line number of the current line of code .
This works great , with one caveat , that you must never place twos on the same line .
Next we want the ability to define a cleanup block , which we 'll do with a GENERATOR_CLEANUP macro .
This macro gets a little funky , because the macros are designed to work whether GENERATOR_CLEANUP is present or not .
GENERATOR_END , which will end the definition of the generator , needs to work properly whether it follows GENERATOR_CLEANUP or GENERATOR_BEGIN .
This is done in this macro by adding a superfluous set of curly braces to the cleanup block :
# define GENERATOR_CLEANUP
\ } \ GENERATOR_where = - 1 ; \ return GENERATOR_zeroReturnValue ; \ } ; \ GENERATOR_cleanupBlock = ^{{
GENERATOR_CLEANUP
# define GENERATOR_END
\ } \ GENERATOR_where = - 1 ; \ return GENERATOR_zeroReturnValue ; \ } ; \ if ( GENERATOR_cleanupBlock ) \ [ GENERATOR_cleanupArray addObject : ^{ GENERATOR_cleanupBlock ( ) ; } ] ; \ return [ [ GENERATOR_mainBlock copy ] autorelease ] ; \ }
return GENERATOR_zeroReturnValue ;
void
void
The return statement shuts up the compiler about missing return statements , and also provides a safety net if you let execution fall off the end .
Finally we come to the end .
Again , this macro has to work whetheris present or not .
Thus , it has the same ending with the return statement , which works in both contexts .
Finally it checks to see if a cleanup block has been set , adds it to the cleanup array if so , and then returns the newly created generator block .
Note that in order to accommodate thestatement in the cleanup block , the cleanup block needs to have the same return type as the generator block .
Since the array has no way to figure out the proper block type to invoke , we wrap the cleanup block in a niceblock that it can deal with .
Results
These macros are pretty scary , but the results are quite nice .
This is the same example that I showed at the beginning :
GENERATOR ( int , CountFrom ( int start ) , ( void ) ) { __block int n ; GENERATOR_BEGIN
( void ) { n = start ; while ( 1 ) { GENERATOR_YIELD ( n ) ; n ++ ; } } GENERATOR_END }
PathBuilder
GENERATOR ( NSString * , PathBuilder ( void ) , ( NSString * component ) ) { __block NSString * path ; __block NSString * newPath ; GENERATOR_BEGIN
( NSString * component ) { path = @ " / " ; while ( 1 ) { newPath = [ path stringByAppendingPathComponent : component ] ; [ path release ] ; path = [ newPath copy ] ; GENERATOR_YIELD ( path ) ; } } GENERATOR_CLEANUP
{ [ path release ] ; } GENERATOR_END }
More complicated generators look nice too .
Here 's thegenerator that I used as an example above without the macros , put in macro form : Certainly this is not 100 % natural , but all in all it 's amazingly reasonable and readable considering that the language has no support for this sort of thing .
Caveats
As with all blasphemous crimes against nature , MAGenerator has a few caveats .
Local variables must be declared at the top , before GENERATOR_BEGIN .
Local variables declared within the generator block will not remember their state between invocation .
You can get away with this with carefully structured code , but it 's best not to try .
This includes the implicit locals generated by using a for / in loop .
You can not safely use for / in loops ( other loop constructs are fine ) unless the body contains no invocations of GENERATOR_YIELD .
You can't put two invocations of GENERATOR_YIELD on the same line .
This is not a big hardship : just separate them with a carriage return .
Thankfully , this one will generate a compiler error , not a difficult runtime error .
switch statements used within the generator must not contain any invocations of GENERATOR_YIELD .
Because the generator 's execution state is resumed using a switch statement , and because GENERATOR_YIELD creates case labels , using GENERATOR_YIELD inside your own switch statement will cause confusion , because the generated case labels will belong to the inner switch rather than the macro - generated execution dispatch one .
Object lifetime must be managed carefully if it croses GENERATOR_YIELD .
You can't assume that the caller will keep an autorelease pool around for you until you 're done .
GENERATOR_CLEANUP
takes care of this , but it 's still harder than it is in normal code .
These are all unfortunate , and I wish they were n't there , but all in all they are n't dealbreakers by any stretch of the imagination .
Potential Uses
I 'm fairly new to the world of generators , and of course everybody is new to the world of generators in Objective - C , but I have some ideas of how they could be productively used .
Lazy Evaluation
A major use of generations in Python is to lazily evaluate enumerated values .
The generator creates new values on demand rather than requiring them all to be precomputed .
MAGenerator includes a convenience function , MAGeneratorEnumerator , which takes a generator with no per-call parameters and an id return type , and returns an object conforming to NSFastEnumeration which enumerates by successively calling the generator .
As an example , here 's a generator which will find files with a certain extension in a certain path :
GENERATOR ( id , FileFinder ( NSString * path , NSString * extension ) , ( void ) ) { NSDirectoryEnumerator * enumerator = [ [ NSFileManager defaultManager ] enumeratorAtPath : path ] ; __block NSString * subpath ; GENERATOR_BEGIN
( void ) { while ( ( subpath = [ enumerator nextObject ] ) ) { if ( [ [ subpath pathExtension ] isEqualToString : extension ] ) GENERATOR_YIELD (( id ) [ path stringByAppendingPathComponent : subpath ] ) ; } } GENERATOR_END }
NSEnumerator
NSDirectoryEnumerator
for ( NSString * path in MAGeneratorEnumerator ( FileFinder ( @ " / Applications " , @ " app " ) ) )
NSLog ( @ " %@ " , path ) ;
You could just write a function that returns an array , but that requires enumerating over the entire contents of the directory , which is slow if the caller does n't actually need them all .
You could write ansubclass which wraps the , but that requires a lot more code .
You could write code which takes a block as a parameter and invokes it for each one it finds , but that 's less natural .
Here 's what it looks like to use this generator :
It does n't get any easier than that .
Replacing State Machines
Code frequently requires state machines .
Imagine something like a network protocol parser .
The natural way to write this is to write code that flows from top to bottom .
Read a character , act on it .
Read the next character , act on it .
Have loops for reading strings , read individual characters to skip over separators , etc .
Then asynchronous programming appears and suddenly this does n't seem like a good idea .
Every one of those read calls could block .
You could put it in a separate thread , but that has its own problems .
You look into doing callback - based networking , using NSStream or GCD , but suddenly you have to deal with buffers , keep around a bunch of explicit state about where you are in the protocol parsing , etc .
By virtue of their inside - out approach to programming , generators allow you to invert the flow of control while preserving the nice linear code that you get from the synchronous approach .
As an example , consider a very simple RLE decoder , which reads pairs of { count , value } bytes .
Normally the decoder , if asynchronous , would have to keep track of what state it's in so that it knows whether the next byte it receives is a count or a value .
However , using a generator , that state information disappears , replaced with the implicit generator state :
GENERATOR ( int , RLEDecoder ( void ( ^ emit ) ( char ) ) , ( unsigned char byte ) ) { __block unsigned char count ; GENERATOR_BEGIN
( unsigned char byte ) { while ( 1 ) { count = byte ; GENERATOR_YIELD
( 0 ) ; while ( count -- ) emit ( byte ) ; GENERATOR_YIELD
( 0 ) ; } } GENERATOR_END }
This code is more straightforward and easier to understand than a non-generator asynchronous version would be .
For a much more complicated example , here 's an HTTP response parser written as a generator .
It takes several blocks as parameters to use as callbacks for when it finishes parsing the various components of the response .
GENERATOR ( int , HTTPParser ( void ( ^ responseCallback ) ( NSString * ) , void ( ^ headerCallback ) ( NSDictionary * ) , void ( ^ body Callback ) ( NSData * ) , void ( ^ errorCallback ) ( NSString * ) ) , ( int byte ) ) { NSMutableData * responseData = [ NSMutableData data ] ; NSMutableDictionary * headers = [ NSMutableDictionary dictionary ] ; __block NSMutableData * currentHeaderData = nil ; __block NSString * currentHeaderKey = nil ; NSMutableData * bodyData = [ NSMutableData data ] ; GENERATOR_BEGIN
( char byte ) { // read response line while ( byte != ' \r ' ) { AppendByte ( responseData , byte ) ; GENERATOR_YIELD
( 0 ) ; } responseCallback ( SafeUTF8 String ( responseData ) ) ; GENERATOR_YIELD
( 0 ) ; // eat the \r if ( byte != '
' ) errorCallback ( @ " bad CRLF after response line " ) ; GENERATOR_YIELD
( 0 ) ; // eat the
// read headers while ( 1 ) { currentHeaderData = [ [ NSMutableData alloc ] init ] ; while ( byte != ' :' && byte != ' \r ' ) { AppendByte ( currentHeaderData , byte ) ; GENERATOR_YIELD
( 0 ) ; } // empty line means we 're done with headers if ( byte == ' \r ' && [ currentHeaderData length ] == 0 ) break ; else if ( byte == ' \r ' ) errorCallback ( @" No colon found in header line " ) ; else { GENERATOR_YIELD ( 0 ) ; if ( byte == ' ' ) GENERATOR_YIELD ( 0 ) ; currentHeaderKey = [ SafeUTF8 String ( currentHeaderData ) copy ] ; [ currentHeaderData release ] ; currentHeaderData = [ [ NSMutableData alloc ] init ] ; while ( byte != ' \r ' ) { AppendByte ( currentHeaderData , byte ) ; GENERATOR_YIELD
( 0 ) ; } NSString * currentHeaderValue = SafeUTF8 String ( currentHeaderData ) ; [ currentHeaderData release ] ; [ headers setObject : currentHeaderValue forKey : currentHeaderKey ] ; [ currentHeaderKey release ] ; } GENERATOR_YIELD
( 0 ) ; if ( byte != '
' ) errorCallback ( @ " bad CRLF after header line " ) ; GENERATOR_YIELD
( 0 ) ; // eat the
} headerCallback ( headers ) ; // read body while ( byte != - 1 ) { AppendByte ( bodyData , byte ) ; GENERATOR_YIELD
( 0 ) ; } bodyCallback ( body Data ) ; } GENERATOR_CLEANUP
{ [ currentHeaderData release ] ; [ currentHeaderKey release ] ; } GENERATOR_END }
int ( ^ httpParser ) ( int ) = HTTPParser ( /* callbacks go here */ ) ;
httpParser ( new Byte ) ;
httpParser ( - 1 ) ;
newByte
To use it , code would simply create a new parser like so :
It would then store this object somewhere .
Whenever new data became available from the remote end , it would just call it :
When the connection is closed , it signals the end of the stream :
And everything else just happens automatically .
Any timeprovides enough information for the parser to have parsed a new component of the response , the appropriate callback block is invoked .
This generator is declared to return int since MAGenerator does n't support void generators .
The return value is simply ignored in this case .
Execution begins at the top , with the first character from the data stream stored in byte .
Each time it invokes GENERATOR_YIELD , the effect is to get a new byte from the caller .
Parsing thus flows naturally from top to bottom , even though this code is in fact heavily asynchronous .
It should be noted that these parsers are not very efficient , because they require a block call ( a function call plus additional overhead ) for every single byte .
This could be easily remedied if necessary , however .
Modify the generator to take a buffer instead of a single byte .
Then , instead of blind invocation of GENERATOR_YIELD , the code would advance a cursor in the buffer , and only invoke GENERATOR_YIELD when the buffer is empty and needs to be refilled .
This would get you down to one call per buffer instead of one per byte .
Wrapping Up
Now you know how to build generators in Objective - C using blocks , and have at least some ideas of how to use them productively .
Of course you should n't be building them manually , but rather you should use my MAGenerator library !
MAGenerator is open source .
You can get the source by checking it out from my subversion repository :
svn co http://www.mikeash.com/svn/MAGenerator/
Or browse it by just clicking on the URL above .
It 's available under the MIT license , so you can use it in pretty much any project you like .
The project includes everything needed to write generators , as well as a bunch of examples / test cases .
I 'm sure there are improvements that could be made , and patches are welcome .
Depending on the change you 're making I can't guarantee that I 'll accept it , but of course you 're always welcome to fork it if I do n't .
That 's it for this week .
It looks like this is my longest Friday Q&A to date , so I hope it makes up for just getting a code dump last week .
Come back week for another frightening edition .
As always ( except this week ) Friday Q&A is driven by your submissions .
If you have a topic that you would like to see covered here , send it in !
Did you enjoy this article ?
I 'm selling whole books full of them !
Volumes II and III are now out !
They 're available as ePub , PDF , print , and on iBooks and Kindle .
Click here for more information
Comments :
Add your thoughts , post a comment :
Spam and off - topic posts will be deleted without notice .
Culprits may be publicly humiliated at my sole discretion .
JavaScript is required to submit comments due to anti-spam measures .
Please enable JavaScript and reload the page .
The Beard is back in action and ready to get hairier than ever in support of WINGS Guatemala !
Follow us on Twitter @ BenevolentBeard and @WINGSGuatemala
Perhaps the time has come to stop calling them " managers " .
That was a title invented for the Chapmans , the Busbys , the Shanklys and the Cloughs , the kind of men who insisted on being the masters of all they surveyed .
In the early days of football we exported them to continental Europe , which is why managers in Italy and Spain are still accustomed to being addressed by their players as " mister " .
We can continue to reserve the title of manager for Sir Alex Ferguson and Arsène Wenger , who go about their job in a way their predecessors would recognise , and perhaps for Martin O'Neill and Roy Hodgson , too .
But the abrupt removal of Mark Hughes at the weekend emphasises how the job is changing , under the influence of European practice .
Roberto Mancini , Hughes 's successor , was known at Internazionale by the conventional Italian title of allenatore , or head coach .
In Europe 's big clubs the English manager 's functions have long been divided , a general manager dealing with the owner and with contractual matters while the head coach picks the team and supervises the training sessions .
Chief executives have taken on the functions of the general manager in English clubs , but we seem to have invented a third and more ambiguous role : the director of football , who commands the owner 's ear on football matters but whose lack of visibility and public accountability has created suspicion about their role .
At Eastlands there is Brian Marwood , known to fans as a moderately talented winger with Hull City , Sheffield Wednesday and Arsenal in the 1980s but appearing to owe his present role at Manchester City to a spell as a marketing manager with Nike .
It was there that he encountered Garry Cook , who is now City 's chief executive and is given to voicing his ambition to transform the club into " a successful business where the core competency is football " .
Marwood has the title of City 's " football administrator " ‚ because Hughes , who is from the old school , did not like the idea of someone called the director of football hovering at his shoulder .
Much good it did him .
When patience ran out , the manager and his assistants paid the price while those above them remained in place .
But to see that as an unqualified injustice is to ignore the history of the game as well as the facts of the specific case , such as Hughes 's investment of £ 50 m in three defenders manifestly incapable of protecting their goalkeeper , his acquisition for a combined £ 41 m of two players whom Arsenal were clearly happy to let go , and his inability to develop a working rapport with a troublesome but gifted Brazil international of whom Sven - Goran Eriksson , when asked why his City were playing so much better than his England , said : " But with England I did not have Elano . "
When Hughes accepted the opportunity to rebuild the club with unlimited quantities of Arab money , he must have been aware that success had to be immediate .
" In Italy it 's not only the manager who decides , " Mancini said last night when asked who would be making City 's future transfer deals – or , in Cook 's phrase , executing their " accelerated acquisition strategy " .
The Italian continued : " It 's the manager and the director of football .
For me , that 's OK .
It 's only important for City to win . "
Mancini will certainly know how Hughes feels , for he was still in charge at Internazionale , and on his way to a third Serie A title in a row , when José Mourinho was approached to replace him two seasons ago .
When Hughes was offered the City job , Eriksson was still in place .
The stakes are getting higher all the time , and so are the demands , along with the rewards .
It was at his £ 6 m mansion that Hughes convened a meeting with his assistants on Saturday night .
He can expect a £ 3 m pay - off and plenty of offers from clubs who remember the outstanding work he did on a limited budget at Blackburn Rovers .
That 's the way football works .
Schumacher and Silver Arrows is a golden vision
We can be pretty sure it is not for the money alone that Michael Schumacher is flirting with the idea of returning to Formula One , two years after he retired with seven world championship trophies on his sideboard .
Nor is it a sense of grand prix history that is luring this German driver into a German team .
When Schumacher and Eddie Irvine achieved their first one - two finish as Ferrari team - mates at the 1998 French grand prix , the triumphant winner innocently suggested that it might be the first such achievement for the Scuderia .
As even a casual fan could have told him , it was the umpteenth in a series going back to Ascari and González at Monza in 1951 .
But the thought of Schumacher at the wheel of a Mercedes - Benz is irresistible to anyone who knows that grand prix racing did n't begin with Bernie Ecclestone and is in thrall to images of Caracciola , Von Brauchitsch and Lang at the wheel of the pre-war Silver Arrows .
And I 'll bet Norbert Haug , Mercedes ' well - fed sporting director , fancies himself as the reincarnation of the corpulent Alfred Neubauer , the team 's boss from the 1920s to the 1950s , a brilliant tactician who turned race management into a science .
Thomas 's courage blazes a trail for the future
Gareth Thomas 's role in the removal of Mike Ruddock after the 2005 Grand Slam was a blot on the record of a man whose qualities on the field were evident throughout his international career .
But there can be only applause for his decision to reveal his homosexuality after years of painful concealment .
As he says , the next rugby player to face that decision will find it a little less harrowing .
ICC prepares to desert another sinking ship
In order to avoid paying corporation tax , four years ago the International Cricket Council left London , where it had been based since 1909 , and pitched its tent in Dubai .
Now a panel has been set up to consider a return to Lord's .
According to David Morgan , the ICC 's president , the decision has " nothing to do with the recession in Dubai " .
Of course it has n't .
And Kevin Pietersen is an Englishman .
When rats leave a second sinking ship , do they increase their risk of drowning ?
http://www.ruby-lang.org/ja/man/?cmd=view;name=pathname
先日 のRails勉強会でetoさんにPathnameというパスやファイル名のすごい便利なライブラリを教えて貰った。で、早速使ってみたところめっちゃ便利でいま書いてるアプリケーションじゃほとんどのファイル名の操作に使ってるという。
使い方はめっちゃ簡単でパスやファイル名を引数としてオブジェクトを作るだけ。
require ' pathname ' file = ' / tmp / foo ' path = Pathname.new file
で、これの何が便利っていうとリファレンスマニュアルのメソッドを眺めて貰うと解るんだけど、ファイル関係の操作が何でもできてしまう。通常だとFileオブジェクトを作るには実体が無いとダメなんだけど無くてももちろん作れるため
str = IO.read ( file ) if FileTest.file ?( file )
が
str = path . read if path . file ?
と書ける。シンプルだしOOっぽい！
とかも思った通りに動く。もちろんPathnameと云うだけあってpath操作も充実。
path + ' bar ' => /tmp/ foo/bar path + '..' => /tmp path + '.././../tmp/./foo/bar' =>
" /tmp/./../tmp/./foo/bar " ( path + '.././../tmp/./foo/bar').cleanpath => " /tmp/foo/bar " path.join ' bar ' =>
/tmp/foo/bar
便利だー。いままでファイル名の文字列が '/'
で終わってるかどうか解らないときとか + '/ bar ' とかしてたんだ け どPathname使うようになってからはいちいち考えなくてすむし。
etoさん はPathname依存症らしくStringにメソッド追加して
class String def to_path Pathname.new self end end path = filename .
to_path
みたいにして使ってるみたい。たしかにString#to_pathが欲しくなるぐらいPathname便利だわぁ。
で、このグッドラッパーの作者は田中哲さん。さすがインターフェイスがよく考えてられてます。るびまのインタビューでは
と。なるほど。リテラルかぁ。
