Gen .
Petraeus joined FOX News and Martha MacCallum today and gave a blockbuster interview , but probably not the one Fox expected .
Once again , he called for the responsible closure of the military prison at Guantanamo Bay .
He also said that mistakes were made after 9/11 and that the Army Field Manual is all that we need to use to interrogate prisoners .
In addition , he said that we have to have faith in our judicial system and we should try the Khalid Sheikh Muhammads in a court of law .
Martha tried to give him the ticking time bomb scenario to justify torture and he really did n't bite .
He did say maybe an Executive Order could be appropriate , but that it really was n't necessary .
Petraeus repudiated pretty much most of what Limbaugh Republicans and the Rove / Newt / Cheney Party have been saying .
( rush transcript )
MacCallum :
Where do you think those people should go ?
Gen. Petraeus :
Well , it 's not for a soldier to say .
What I do support is what has been termed the responsible closure of Gitmo .
Gitmo has caused us problems , there 's no question about it .
I oversee a region in which the existence of Gitmo has been used by the enemy against us .
We have not been without missteps or mistakes in our activity since 9/11 and again Gitmo is a lingering reminder for the use of some in that regard .
MacCallum :
What about the concern that a Khalid Sheikh Muhammad or anybody of that ilk might be tried here in a US court and the possibility that some of the treatments that were used on them that they could go free .
Gen . Petraeus :
Well , first of all , I do n't think we should be afraid of our values we 're fighting for , what we stand for .
And so indeed we need to embrace them and we need to operationalize them in how we carry out what it is we 're doing on the battlefield and everywhere else .
So one has to have some faith , I think , in the legal system .
One has to have a degree of confidence that individuals that have conducted such extremist activity would indeed be found guilty in our courts of law .
MacCallum :
So you 're confident that they will never go free .
Gen . Petraeus : I hope that 's the case .
MacCallum : ( Ticking time bomb scenario ) Gen. Petraeus : .... T here might be an exception and that would require extraordinary but very rapid approval to deal with , but for the vast majority of the cases , our experience downrange if you will , is that the techniques that are in the Army Field Manual that lays out how we treat detainees , how we interrogate them -- those techniques work , that 's our experience in this business .
MacCallum :
So is sending this signal that we 're not going to use these kind of techniques anymore , what kind of impact does this have on people who do us harm in the field that you operate in ?
Gen. Petraeus :
Well , actually what I would ask is , does that not take away from our enemies a tool which again have beaten us around the head and shoulders in the court of public opinion ?
When we have taken steps that have violated the Geneva Conventions , we rightly have been criticized , so as we move forward I think it 's important to again live our values , to live the agreements that we have made in the international justice arena and to practice those .
Wow , there was a lot in that interview .
I could n't transcribe it all .
He admits that we violated the Geneva Convention .
Is he saying that the Bush / Cheney administration failed our " value system " in their leadership in the two wars and how America responded to the 9/11 attacks ?
He obviously is against torture .
He is also saying to let the chips fall where they may in prosecuting these detainees and use our legal system to try terror suspects .
Martha did n't go into the military commissions , but if they come here , just let them stand trial .
All the conservatives and Republicans anointed Gen. Petraeus as the true leader of the wars when George Bush decided he did n't want to take the heat on the war any longer .
Remember when to question him was sacrilegious ?
Will they now disavow what he is telling them today ?
After the interview , the other Fox host predictably tried to intimate that Petraeus was working for Obama now so , ya know , he 's in the tank for him .
Whatever happened to listening to the generals on the ground being critical to our " victory " in Iraq ?
He said that our values as a country do change in a time of war -- a scary notion -- so Bush is just all right .
Do n't they ever give up with their Bush - hero worshiping ?
How long will it take Rush Limbaugh to lash out at the General ?
What about Newt and Rove ?
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
The House Energy and Commerce Committee kicked off debate of the Waxman - Markey climate bill on Monday , beginning what will likely be a grueling week of work to get the bill through the key panel before Memorial Day .
“ I think members ought to be prepared to work late every single night , ” Chairman Henry Waxman ( D - Calif . ) said after opening statements wrapped up Monday afternoon .
Waxman and co-author Ed Markey ( D - Mass . ) released the latest draft of the bill ( PDF ) late Monday afternoon .
Committee members offered opening statements on Monday , and the process of offering amendments is scheduled to begin at 10 a.m. ET on Tuesday .
The new draft weighs in at 946 pages , which has prompted some griping from Republicans that they have n’t had sufficient time to review it .
There was some fear ( especially on the part of reporters who have to cover this stuff , ahem ) that Republicans would force a reading of the legislation ’s full text before the committee proceeded to debate .
While the minority waived that option , they have pledged to offer hundreds of amendments this week .
Delay of game
Estimates of just how many changes to the climate bill the GOP members plan to offer run as high as 449 , according to a list ( PDF ) that has been passed around Capitol Hill .
The list includes amendments that would allow individual states to opt out of the cap - and - trade program altogether , and another that would call the whole thing off should certain states lose 1,000 jobs due to restrictions on carbon emissions .
Another proposed amendment would lower the 2020 emission - reduction targets .
The committee ’s top Republican and one of the most vocal climate change skeptics in the House , Joe Barton of Texas , is also planning to introduce a competing bill that would essentially defang the Waxman - Markey proposal by removing the cap - and - trade provision and letting preexisting coal - fired power plants off the hook for their emissions .
It would also repeal the Supreme Court decision in Massachusetts v. EPA that acknowledged the EPA ’s right to regulate carbon emissions under the Clean Air Act , and would take away the right of states to set their own emissions standards .
The bulk of Barton ’s proposal focuses on ramping up production of oil , gas , coal , and nuclear power .
Fred Upton ( Mich . ) , another senior GOP member of the committee , said Republicans planned to meet Monday night to prioritize their amendments .
Upton said that he believes a number of Republicans on the committee could support the bill if they took out the cap - and - trade component , which of course would make it unappealing for the majority of Democrats on the panel .
Since Upton and other Republicans probably are n’t going to be able to torpedo the cap - and - trade portion , they hope to convince some moderate Democrats on the panel to support changes to weaken it .
“ I ’d like to think there could be a number of Democrats who could support these , ” said Upton .
“ We ’ll see if we ca n’t influence this with some amendments . ”
Dems holding firm
But Democrats – even the moderates – seem to be on board with the bill as is , after Waxman and Markey agonized over the specifics for three weeks before finally announcing a deal late last week .
The authors have even managed to win over some Democrats who were expected to oppose a comprehensive climate deal .
Coal cheerleader Rick Boucher ( D - Va. ) said last week that he is on board .
And John Dingell ( D - Michigan ) , a key ally of the auto industry , said on Monday , “ This is a good bill ; I intend to support it . ”
There are likely to be some amendments from Democrats , including one from Dingell that would create a Clean Energy Investment Bank to provide loans for research and development of new technologies .
Other Democrats have indicated that they may introduce amendments to support additional mandates for automobile technologies and funding for international adaptation .
But it appears at this point that the Dems are united in a desire to pass the bill out of committee , and are n’t going to take Republican bait .
“ The amendments they ’ll be offering will be designed to obstruct .
I will resist those amendments , ” Boucher told E&E last week .
“ I will ask them be defeated , as will Chairman Waxman . ”
That does n’t mean that Republicans are n’t going to try to drag this out as long as possible .
“ Bring a sleeping bag , ” warned Barton at the close of Monday ’s meeting .
Submitted by Tyler Durden of Zero Hedge
In the week ended May 22 , NYSE program trading dropped to a statistically significant low of 2.9 billion shares , down from 3.3 billion the week before , and from a 3.8 billion prior 52 week average .
As for specific actors , no surprise , Goldman leading the government ’s SLP team with a 7:1 ratio of principal to facilitation / agency .
As for today ’s market close , with a literally parabolic jump in the last minute of trading , if anyone still thinks this market trades based on anything resembling normal behavior ( unless someone had a very Jerome Kerviel - esque fat delta hedging finger or one / two moderate / large quants who had a huge index hedge imploded ) , I have some BBB + rated CMBS to sell to you at par .
One culprit could be hiding in the huge drop of agency trading , which this week dropped to a several month low of 1.875 billion shares .
So as essentially no institutional or retail clients are trading any more , it is just a few desperate computers trying to front run each other .
And , of course , for the biggest beneficiary of this PT principal bonanza , look no further than the chart below .
Going back to today ’s ridiculous close , the chart below shows it all : the complete tape painting volume spike at the very end of the day speaks for itself .
And as computers now simply issue forced stock recall orders to each other , painting the tape wet with manipulative intent and volume spikes into the last 20 minutes of trading every day , their human creators are left on the sidelines , trying to outshout each other as to the reason for why the market keeps rising while the economy keeps tumbling .
Is there ever going to be any transparency in this market again ?
Governor says he 's open to debate on legal pot Marijuana Governor would welcome debate on legalization
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger speaks at a press conference on the swine flu situation on April 27 , 2009 in Beverly Hills , CA. US officials confirmed 40 mild cases of deadly swine flu across the United States and warned against non-essential travel to neighboring Mexico .
AFP PHOTO Robyn BECK ( Photo credit should read ROBYN BECK / AFP / Getty Images ) less California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger speaks at a press conference on the swine flu situation on April 27 , 2009 in Beverly Hills , CA . US officials confirmed 40 mild cases of deadly swine flu across the ... more Photo : Robyn Beck , AFP / Getty Images Photo : Robyn Beck , AFP / Getty Images Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Governor says he 's open to debate on legal pot 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said Tuesday that the time is right to debate legalizing marijuana for recreational use in California .
The governor 's comments were made as support grows nationwide for relaxing pot laws and only days after a poll found that for the first time a majority of California voters back legal marijuana .
Also , a San Francisco legislator has proposed regulating and taxing marijuana to bring the state as much as $ 1.3 billion a year in extra revenue .
Schwarzenegger was cautious when answering a reporter 's question Tuesday about whether the state should regulate and tax the substance , saying it is not time to go that far .
But , he said : " I think it 's time for debate .
I think all of those ideas of creating extra revenues - I 'm always for an open debate on it . "
The governor said California should look to the experiences of other nations around the world in relaxing laws on marijuana .
Assemblyman Tom Ammiano , D - San Francisco , has introduced a bill to regulate marijuana like alcohol , with people over 21 years old allowed to grow , buy , sell and possess cannabis - all of which are barred by federal law .
California voters in 1996 legalized marijuana for medical use with permission from a physician .
Ammiano said he was pleased the governor is " open- minded " on the issue and added that he was sure the two could " hash it out . "
Under Ammiano's proposal , the state would impose a $ 50 - an - ounce levy on sales of marijuana , which would boost state revenues by about $ 1.3 billion a year , according to an analysis by the State Board of Equalization .
Betty Yee of San Francisco , who chairs the Board of Equalization , supports the measure .
" This has never just been about money , " said Ammiano , who has long supported reforming marijuana laws .
" It 's also about the failure of the war on drugs and implementing a more enlightened policy .
I 've always anticipated that there could be a perfect storm of political will and public support , and obviously the federal policies are leaning more toward states ' rights . "
An ABC News / Washington
Post poll last week found that 46 percent of Americans favored legalization of small amounts of pot for personal use , double the number who supported that a decade ago .
A Field Poll also released last week found that 56 percent of California voters supported legalizing and taxing marijuana .
In March , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said the federal government would take a softer stance on medical marijuana dispensaries , with drug enforcement agents targeting only those who violate state and federal law .
California is one of 13 states that allow marijuana use with a doctor 's recommendation .
Many law enforcement organizations oppose changes in marijuana laws .
The California Police Chiefs Association , in a report last month , concluded that marijuana dispensaries constitute " a clear violation of federal and state law ; they invite more crime ; and they compromise the health and welfare of law - abiding citizens . "
But the head of that association said he , too , is open to a debate on legalizing pot .
" We keep walking around the 5,000 - pound elephant in the room , which is should marijuana be legal ? " said Bernard Melekian , president of the association and chief of police in Pasadena .
The Board of Equalization analysis predicts that legalization would drop the street value of marijuana by 50 percent and increase consumption by 40 percent .
Bruce Mirken , spokesman for the Marijuana Policy Project , which advocates legalization , said the governor 's comments about marijuana are part of a " tectonic shift " in attitudes toward the issue .
" I think , frankly , the public is going to drag the politicians into doing what is right , " he said .
Samsung Galaxy Skins
You ‘ve recently purchased your new Samsung Galaxy S10 for its performance and design .
But take a second to imagine actually using your new phone .
Can you really keep it from getting scratched or dented ?
You can replace a cracked screen or a broken phone , but can you tolerate the tiny scratches ?
Well you wo n’t have to ever find out , because you ’re looking at the one stop shop to get the finest style that also gives your Galaxy Note 10 plus protection from scratches ....
Our Galaxy skins are engineered to offer the required add - on grip and they wrap perfectly around your device , reducing the possibility of slippage .
Our premium custom skins cover the back of your phone by offering protection to your device from nicks and scratches .
And as an added advantage , it eliminates fingerprints so that you need not worry in having those greasy impressions on the back of the phone .
Do n’t think twice just pick your custom skin and style your device .
European Union members are threatening the collective withdrawal of their ambassadors from Iran to secure the release of the British embassy employees being held by the authorities .
EU diplomats said tonight all the envoys could be recalled " temporarily " in solidarity with staff from the British mission in Tehran who have been accused – entirely falsely , UK officials insist – of involvement in protests over the " stolen " presidential election .
Five of the nine Iranians , who were arrested on Saturday , were freed today , but four others , understood to be the most senior , were still being questioned .
None of them have been named .
As the row with Britain continued , Iran 's guardian council , the country 's top legislative body , confirmed Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's victory in the disputed poll after a partial recount , finally dashing hopes of a different outcome .
Gordon Brown underlined concern over the embassy incident when he called it unacceptable and unjustifiable that the employees were being held .
The prime minister was speaking in London alongside the European commission president , José Manuel Barroso , who expressed full solidarity with the UK .
Yesterday , EU foreign ministers warned Iran that any " harassment or intimidation " of embassy staff would be met with a " strong and collective " response .
Most of the 27 EU member states have their own ambassadors in Tehran .
Silvio Berlusconi , who will next week host a meeting of the G8 rich nations said todaythat they would discuss sanctions against Iran .
Asked about sanctions , he replied that Iran " will be the first issue we will deal with " .
Diplomats said it had not been agreed when the EU envoys would be recalled , or for how long .
But the threat is clearly intended to signal seriousness of intent to the Tehran authorities in the hope they will back down .
Iran 's foreign ministry had earlier appeared to respond to the warning by saying it did not wish to damage or downgrade relations with the UK , after a telephone conversation yesterday between David Miliband , the foreign secretary , and his Iranian counterpart , Manuchehr Mottaki .
Miliband had demanded the immediate release of the embassy staff .
But the fear in London is that the foreign ministry is not in control , with regime hardliners from the interior ministry and intelligence service calling the shots as part of a campaign to pin the blame for the unrest on foreign governments .
Last week , as the trouble continued , Iran expelled two British diplomats – the embassy 's second and third secretaries – in protest at what it called their undiplomatic approach .
That prompted the expulsion of two diplomats from Iran 's London embassy .
The guardian council 's recount of 10 % of votes has always been treated with scepticism by opposition supporters and foreign observers .
Mir Hossein Mousavi , who says he beat Ahmadinejad , demanded an annulment of the 63 % - 34 % result , which he says was rigged .
If you were to devise a system that was intended to be confusing , you ’d have a hard time coming up with anything more confusing than photographic aperture .
I ’ve so often seen people glaze over within five seconds of the start of an explanation , their minds a whole galaxy away – anywhere , so long as it ’s not here listening to f/ stops , depth of field and so forth .
But when you split it up , it ’s pretty easy .
So , what is aperture ?
The basic idea is that light reaches your camera ’s sensor ( or film ) through a hole .
With pinhole cameras , it ’s literally that : a hole in a light - tight box projects an image on the inside .
With cameras , we put some glass around the hole to make the image sharper .
But essentially , it ’s still a hole .
History would have been different if photographers talked about ‘ hole numbers ’ or adjusting the size of their ‘ lens hole ’ but somehow that did not sound cool – even in the 1870s .
So photographic aperture is the hole in the camera lens which lets light in .
Why size matters
As you know from general experience , the bigger a hole , the more can go through it .
Think about turning on a tap ( water faucet ) : open it a little and the flow is only a trickle , open it up and more water flows through .
It ’s the same with lens aperture : the larger the aperture , the more light gets through to the sensor .
Obviously this affects the exposure of your image .
Now , giving the film or sensor the proper exposure is like filling a cup of water : if the water flow is slow ( from a small aperture ) , it takes longer to fill ( the exposure time is longer ) .
And obviously , if the flow is faster ( we turn the tap on to make the aperture larger ) , it takes less time to fill the cup ( exposure time is shorter ) .
What do the numbers mean ?
Now , it ’s easy to measure exposure time – directly in seconds or fractions of a second .
With the aperture , it was realised early on that simply measuring the size of the hole was not enough .
That ’s because holes of the same size in different lenses of different designs or focal length will look different to the film or sensor .
A good way to see this is to pick up a pair of binoculars or SLR lens if you have one handy ) .
Look down one end , and turn over and look down the other : the hole will look different sizes – but it ’s the same hole .
What has changed is the effective focal length .
This shot shows a 24 mm lens : the aperture is much larger on the sensor side than from the subject side .
Basically we need a measure that relates the size of the hole to the focal length .
At the same time the measure needs to show that as the size of the hole becomes smaller , less light flows through ( and vice versa : bigger aperture lets in more light ) .
The answer is the f/number : we divide the focal length by the effective diameter of the hole .
Why are they like that ?
Suppose we have a 50 mm focal length lens .
If we have a big size hole – a big aperture , it might measure 25 mm .
So 50 divided by 25 gives us 2 : the f / number is 2 , which we write as f /2 .
If the aperture is smaller , say , 3 mm in diameter , 50 divided by 3 gives us about 16 : the f / number reads f/16 .
As the hole is smaller , less light gets through .
So f/16 is said to be a small aperture or small f/number .
That ’s why you could get confused if you read about an aperture of 16 being smaller than 2 : that does not make sense and is , in fact , wrong .
A photographic aperture is written as ‘ f / number ’ : it means the focal length divided by the aperture diameter .
So f/16 is indeed smaller than f / 2 .
( Microscopists talk about numerical aperture , but that ’s a different thing . )
f /number sequence
The basic f / number sequence is 1.4 , 2 , 2.8 , 4 , 5.6 , 8 – it ’s a doubling every other step – then it falters a bit : 11 , 16 , 22 , 32 , 45 but is essentially still a doubling every other step .
Each step to a lower f/ number represents a doubling in the area of the aperture , which means a doubling in the amount of light passing i.e. a one - stop increase in exposure .
Conversely , each step to a higher f/ number means a halving in the area of the aperture , which means reducing exposure by one stop .
Do n’t worry about why this is ( or ask a friendly mathematician if you really want to know ) : just remember that the sequence means that if you change aperture setting from , say , f / 4 to f/8 , then the exposure time needs to increase by two stops , and vice versa .
What are stops ?
Here ’s another source of confusion .
The word ‘ stops ’ is used in two senses .
One goes back to the days when lens aperture was changed by dropping in a metal plate with a hole cut in it .
You changed aperture by taking out one plate and dropping in another one with a different sized hole .
These were called stops ( actually Waterhouse stops , after the inventor ) .
From that we get the term ‘ stopping down ’ .
Now , these stops were arranged so that each smaller hole halved the exposure ( and conversely , each larger hold doubled exposure ) .
From that we get the term ‘ f / stops ’ .
From this you still hear photographers talk about ‘ one stop ’ meaning a halving or doubling of exposure .
Goes all the way back to late nineteenth century !
Carting sets of metal plates with holes in them is a bore , not to mention really slow to use and before long the aperture diaphragm was invented .
This was a set of leaves which were pivoted on the rim so that they fanned across the gap – the more they overlapped , the smaller the central hole .
And that ’s what we still use now .
Aperture and depth of field
So much for aperture and exposure .
What complicates the whole subject further is that aperture affects two quite different things independently .
Just as shutter setting contributes to exposure but also influences motion blur , aperture setting contributes to exposure but also influences something else altogether .
Aperture is one of the factors controlling depth of field .
In fact aperture is the single most powerful and easiest way to control depth of field .
What you need to know
Use a small aperture like f/16 if you want as much as possible of the image to look sharp .
Use a large aperture like f/2.8 to make just your main subject sharp against a blurred background i.e. for minimum depth of field .
In between , an aperture like f/5.6 is good for general uses as it produces an average depth of field .
It ’s real simple .
Here ’s another example : at f/ 3 the nearest pink flowers are blurred while the next set of flowers are sharp but beyond that the trees are very blurred .
At f/14 , the near pink flowers are sharper and the trees beyond are more detailed .
However , there is still blur , which shows that when objects are widely separated , aperture alone may not be enough to make everything sharp .
In fact , aperture also affects another complex of interactions – very subtle , but vital for advanced photography : aberration correction .
Aperture and corrections
The image quality of lenses change , usually quite subtly but substantially , with different apertures – the details are really technical , but the up - shot is cleaner , clearer and sharper images .
The usual pattern is that there ’s an improvement as you choose apertures smaller than maximum ( photographers talking about ‘ stopping down ’ ) , there ’s a peak and then quality drops as you stop down to the minimum aperture .
Full and minimum aperture
That ’s why I left explaining what full and minimum aperture are until now .
Full or maximum aperture is the largest hole in the lens that lets the light through .
It is calculated from the size of the front element , not from the size of the actual hole .
So if the front element is 25 mm in diameter and the focal length is 50 mm , the full aperture f/ number is taken as : 50 divided by 25 equals f / 2 .
In all but rare instances , at maximum aperture , the iris diaphragm does not cut into the hole .
The minimum aperture is , naturally , the smallest hole .
But it ’s not the smallest hole possible , only the smallest hole the manufacturers allow you to set .
That ’s why minimum aperture can vary from f/8 all the way to f/45 .
The reason for this is made up of equal parts mechanics and image quality .
We ’ve learnt that image quality drops with small apertures – in fact , at really small apertures it can be disastrous .
To prevent this , manufacturers limit minimum aperture according to the lens design .
Even so , you ’d be advised to avoid the smallest apertures on your lenses : back off by one stop e.g. if the minimum is f /22 , use no smaller than f/16 .
On a typical SLR lens you can see that even at minimum aperture , one could make the hole smaller .
Aperture shape and bokeh
Bokeh is the word for the quality of the out - of - focus blur .
There are several discussions about this on the Web , which affect mainly SLR users with fast lenses .
http://www.vanwalree.com/optics/bokeh.html
http://www.kenrockwell.com/tech/bokeh.htm
http://www.luminous-landscape.com/columns/sm-04-04-04.shtml
The first is quite technical , the second is more chatty , the third is well illustrated .
The debate is about the quality of the blur image – if you think about it , the majority of any image is actually out - of - focus .
And if you work a lot with blur – in portraiture , weddings , wild - life – its quality matters a lot .
Depth of feeling
It was the great humanist and photographer Eugene Smith who asked “ What use is having a great depth of field , if there is not an adequate depth of feeling ? ”
He has a point : some photographs are so perfectly sharp from corner to corner and beautifully lit , yet rather easily forgotten .
For such a great photographer who taught us just about every trick in the photojournalist ’s book , Smith is disappointingly represented on the Web .
But check out :
http://www.photo-seminars.com/Fame/eugesmith.htm
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/W._Eugene_Smith
www.magnumphotos.com
Search for Eugene Smith on the Magnum website which has high - quality images .
Related Articles :
None Found
If you enjoy this site , make sure to subscribe to our RSS feed or be the first to get new articles by email .
Thanks for visiting idigitalphoto.com !
To whom it may concern :
Please remove Steve Phillips from all of your baseball broadcasts .
During Baseball Tonight and SportsCenter , Phillips has been a relatively unspectacular commentator .
Allowing Phillips to speak outside of these timed , mostly scripted intervals , however , has proven to be like a jailbreak , where the prisoners are all the stupidest thoughts about baseball .
After the Mets got off to a modest start this season , Steve Phillips used the late - innings of a Mets / Braves broadcast to hop on all the worst bandwagons of opinion about this team .
He latched onto the most nebulous accusations against the Mets , many perpetrated by his successor as GM , Omar Minaya .
Phillips accused the team of " lacking edge " a sentiment I 've argued is a refuge for people who can't understand the real issues with a team .
He cited Jose Reyes , Carlos Beltran , and David Wright , in particular , as lacking this edge , and in turn , attributed the Mets inability to reach the playoffs on them .
To the rational observer , this statement seemed pretty ironic , since Wright , Beltran , and Reyes have been shown to be more helpful in bringing their team to the postseason , than just one other player in the National League .
Phillips also claimed the Mets lacked a player that " never made mistakes , " truly a lofty goal in a sport where even the best players fail 60 % of the time .
Derek Jeter and Kevin Youkilis were then contrasted as two players who never make mistakes , a claim that probably did n't help your networks ' perceived pandering to the biggest markets .
If Mr. Phillips thinks Derek Jeter is perfect , it probably explains much about why his time with the Mets came to a screeching halt in the early - 2000s .
Jeter represents some of the most overvalued qualities in baseball : hitting for average and fundamentally solid , no - range fielding .
Thankfully the Wilpons canned Steve Phillips when they did , because I hate to imagine how he'd fare in a market that 's increasingly focused on young talented players and advanced fielding metrics , neither of which Phillips seems to believe in .
Before ESPN 's most recent broadcast of the Mets , however , the setting was different .
Entering yesterday 's game , the Mets were in first place in the East , and much of the stupid " edge " talk surrounding this team had died down .
I think the accused , David Wright , said it best :
" The definition of edge is going out there and getting a few wins , and then all of a sudden you do n't have to worry about anyone talking about edge anymore "
Many of us expected Phillips to back down from his earlier platitudes , or at least , act as if it had never happened .
Instead , he went on the offensive , accusing David Wright and Jose Reyes of lacking leadership .
At this point , somewhat miraculously , the much - maligned Joe Morgan came to the rescue and began rebutting much of the stupidity coming out of Phillips ' mouth .
Joe Morgan , a man who your own employees had allegedly accused of misinformed broadcasting , a man who had a wildly successful website devoted to making fun of his ineptitude , suddenly sounded like the voice of reason .
Morgan pleaded with Phillips that Wright 's leadership was subtle and still developing .
He argued that Reyes ' fun-loving attitude was not necessarily a bad thing .
Ol '
Joe even made the most obvious point of all : there 's absolutely no way the Mets would be better off without their superstars .
At one point , Phillips even cited New York talk radio , the lowest common denominator of sports discussion , for the idea of trading Jose Reyes .
Joe Morgan laughed .
Still Phillips persisted , and I wanted at that point to ask him a few questions of my own , like : " Do you think the Toronto Blue Jays would mind Wright 's lack of leadership ? " or " How bad would the Indians be if they suffered through Reyes ' immature antics ? "
Every time I see your network 's " Best Team In Baseball " ad , in which Phillips brags about drafting Wright , I die a little inside .
I suggest a new ad , where Phillips instead says " ... and that 's how Mike Hampton rejected my 8 - year contract offer , thus giving me a supplemental pick , which I then used to draft high - school third baseman , who I repeatedly tried to trade for crappy outfielders . "
Perhaps the most telling part of the whole broadcast was when Phillips had to deliver an obviously prepared presentation on Carlos Beltran being a five - tool player , after ripping him .
Needless to say , he was n't too convincing .
At that point , Joe Morgan devolved back into his usual sub-moronic drivel about " the sixth - tool being the brain , " which Phillips saw as a great chance to talk about what he really thought about Carlos Beltran .
" Carlos Beltran does n't always exemplify a strong mental game " or something like that , cue video of him not sliding into home .
Forget the preponderance of statistical evidence showing Beltran to be one of the smarter baserunners ever .
At that point , however , I just turned off the TV .
So , please fire Steve Phillips , or at least remove him from broadcasts .
He nearly drove one organization into the ground with his lack of baseball knowledge and I fear he will do the same to yours .
-- Sam
The house , a three - bedroom cream - colored residence on a peaceful street , even had yellow and red roses waving merrily from the front lawn .
And while the backyard was cramped , there was a nectarine tree , a red swing set and a small gazebo .
This is it , Channise Davy thought .
Home .
Happy to have found a place near her salon in Altadena and close to her fiance in Pasadena , the 31 - year - old hairdresser moved her four children from North Hollywood into the one - story charmer on Broach Avenue in Duarte last fall .
Davy never thought about the fact that they would be the only black family on the mostly Latino block -- until someone reminded her in a way that still makes her eyes tear and her stomach twist .
Advertisement
On May 8 , Davy opened the door to her home and was greeted by a barrage of spray - painted racial epithets .
The hardwood floors , the mirrors , the televisions , the dressers -- the vandals had turned the entire place into a canvas for that six - letter word used for decades to scare and scar African Americans .
Shaken , she immediately left and called police .
And aside from one trip back to pick up some clothes , Davy has refused to return to a scene authorities believe was created by members of a local Latino gang .
“ As far as hate crimes go , it ’s probably one of the worst ones I ’ve seen in my career , ” said Sgt. Tony Haynes of the Los Angeles County Sheriff ’s Department ’s Duarte station .
“ They trashed the furniture and tossed drawers -- there was pretty much no room left untouched . ”
The incident has been the talk of Duarte , a predominantly white and Latino bedroom community of 25,000 in the San Gabriel Valley .
Black and Latino gangs have been active in the area for years , and last year a rash of interracial shootings occurred in nearby Monrovia .
Advertisement
Since the break - in , Davy and her children have lived in a hotel paid for by the county , but those funds ran out Saturday and she is struggling to find a new home in a place that feels safe .
“ You can see it in her face , the stress she ’s going through , ” said Lynn Lawrence , who owns the salon where Davy works .
“ Emotionally it has had quite an effect on her . ”
Wary of disclosing the area in which she hopes to settle , Davy said the last two landlords she spoke with backed out at the last minute .
Others have asked for deposits she ca n’t afford .
“ As of now , we really have nowhere to go , ” Davy said Monday in the courtyard of Duarte City Hall , where a community meeting had been called to address the incident .
“ It ’s kinda hard to pick up the pieces of what has transpired for me and my family . ”
Advertisement
As she spoke , Kenny Johnson was two miles away , lugging green garbage bags down the sidewalk of the working - class neighborhood where his children once played .
The father of three of Davy ’s children , he had come to the house that morning with his brother and two friends to begin clearing away what belongings could be salvaged .
Johnson said he plans to marry Davy , but he keeps his own apartment so she can maintain her Section 8 eligibility .
They had discovered the Duarte house together and agreed : Beautiful home .
Beautiful neighborhood .
But after the break - in , the 36 - year - old barber sees only an intimidating residence littered with shards of glass .
“ We were quiet people , man , ” he said , shaking his head in disbelief as he picked up children ’s shoes and toys .
His children have n’t seen the vandalism and only know that something bad happened there .
While his friends pulled a mattress out of the master bedroom , Johnson stopped to look at a wall calendar of Barack Obama .
“ This is the only thing they did n’t touch , ” he said , smiling at the irony of hope hanging on one wall and hate spray - painted across the rest .
Advertisement
The landlord has encouraged the family to return , but Johnson said their sense of security has been violated .
They wo n’t get their deposit back , but moving is worth it , even if it means putting their things in storage for the time being .
“ I do n’t blame them , ” said Davy ’s next - door neighbor Betty Peirce , 75 .
“ I do n’t think I could come back either . ”
One of the few whites who live in the area , Peirce said she had n’t thought about racial tension during the three decades she has lived on Broach Avenue .
She never imagined anything would happen to her black neighbors , especially because they seemed like nice people who were often at work .
Duarte officials and the county ’s Commission on Human Relations have extended support to Davy and called for healing in the community .
Advertisement
“ It ’s obvious that even in Duarte , people still do incredibly stupid and foolish things , ” Mayor John Fasana said .
He emphasized the city - sponsored programs already in place that promote racial unity , but said , “ If there ’s gaps out there we need to fill in , we ’re open to new ideas . ”
Both Davy and Johnson say they just want to move forward with their lives .
“ Bad things happen to good people all the time , ” Johnson said , taking a break from cleaning .
“ You just gotta live and learn . ”
His brother , Ronald Harris , 31 , nodded , then paused .
“ Our grandparents used to tell us stories about stuff like this , ” he said .
“ We always thought , ‘ Nah , not us . ’ ”
Advertisement
As birds chirped in the June breeze , the two sat for a moment on the stoop of the three - bedroom cream - colored residence on a peaceful street .
--
corina.knoll@latimes.com
A group of Tory grandees and former ­senior diplomats will tomorrow launch a devastating attack on David Cameron 's flagship Eurosceptic policies , warning that they pose a threat to British influence in the European Union .
On the eve of the European elections , the Tory leader stands accused of adopting a " rigid commitment to impotence " after he pledged to withdraw from the main centre - right grouping in the European parliament .
Cameron , who will appear alongside highly conservative EU allies in Warsaw tomorrow , goes into the European elections next Thursday on the most hardline ­Eurosceptic ticket of any mainstream political leader since Britain entered the EEC in 1973 .
Cameron also says that a future Conservative government would be prepared to break with convention by reopening the Lisbon treaty , which is designed to streamline the working of the EU after its recent expansion .
The fears of Britain 's most senior serving diplomats , one of whom described the Tory plans as " bonkers " , are only being voiced in private .
But the Guardian has spoken to four Tory grandees , as well as two of Britain 's most senior retired diplomats , who voice those fears in public .
Lord Patten , the mastermind of the Tories ' 1992 ­election victory , and former home secretary Lord Brittan both criticise Cameron 's tactics , with Patten describing them as " unwise " .
Lord Kerr of Kinlochard , a former head of the Foreign Office who was Britain 's ambassador to the EU at the time of the Maastricht treaty negotiations in 1991 , is also highly critical .
" I do not understand a rigid commitment to impotence , " he said .
" I do not understand why [ the Czech and Polish parties who will form a new group with the Tories ] are preferable to Angela Merkel or Nicolas Sarkozy , or why they think the route to influence lies that way . "
Lord Wright of Richmond , head of the Foreign Office in Margaret Thatcher 's final years as prime minister , questioned Cameron 's decision to try to reopen the Lisbon treaty .
" It will be a formidably difficult negotiation , " he said .
" There will be very few allies . "
Lord Tugendhat , a European commissioner between 1977 and 1985 , said it would be a " great tragedy " if the Tories tried to renegotiate a ratified Lisbon treaty once the party is in office .
Retired diplomats are careful about speaking in public .
However , the strength of their language reflects Foreign Office concern that Cameron will trigger the worst crisis yet in Britain 's relations with the EU .
Their fears centre around Cameron 's two key policies :
• The Tories have pledged to withdraw from the EPP - ED grouping , which consists of all the major centre - right parties within the EU .
Instead , Cameron will establish a new group , principally with Poland 's deeply conservative Law and Justice party , whose leaders have banned gay rights marches .
It will also include the Czech ODS party , whose founder , Václav Klaus , disputes that global warming is man-made .
Cameron met leaders of the ODS in the Czech Republic last night and in Warsaw tomorrow will meet leaders of the Law and Justice party .
The Tories have also been talking to the Lavtian Fatherland and Freedom party , some of whose members attend ceremonies to commemorate a Latvian unit of the Waffen SS .
• A future Conservative government will also offer a referendum on the Lisbon treaty if it has not been ratified by all member states .
In the more likely scenario that it has been ratified , Cameron says he " would not let matters rest " .
Kerr was scathing of this stance .
He said : " Everyone is fed up with institutional treaties .
The Tories owe it to us to tell us what they mean , because they will have to tell the world at the end of the first European council they attend , when they discover there is no majority for calling the intergovernmental conference to change the treaty as they propose . "
His views are echoed by Tory grandees .
Lord Patten , the former Hong Kong governor who went on to become a European commissioner , is dismissive of Cameron 's pledge on the European parliament .
" It is an unwise decision and will reduce the Conservatives ' influence in the European parliament , " he said .
Lord Brittan of Spennithorne , a former
Tory home secretary who went on to become European trade commissioner , said : " I think it was a mistake for the Conservatives to leave the EPP .
It will be a great loss .
There is no doubt that the attempt to leave the EPP has annoyed a lot of the European leaders who are members of the EPP and are in government .
It will make it more difficult to establish relations with them . "
William Hague , the shadow foreign secretary , said : " It is not true that the Conservative party would retreat to the margins of Europe .
Centre - right governments … are not only willing to work with us , they are already working with us behind the scenes in anticipation of the demise of this dreadful Labour government . "
Some speculate authorities did n’t want involvement of troops in car wreck caught on camera
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Wednesday , April 22 , 2009
It ’s becoming a disturbingly familiar scene in America – aggressive , overbearing and mentally unstable cops who think that it is an arrestable offense not to obey their every order – harassing citizens who have done absolutely nothing wrong .
The latest example comes from El Paso , Texas , where a local ABC news reporter and his cameraman were arrested simply for something they routinely do every day as part of their job – filming traffic incidents .
The reporters , Darren Hunt and photojournalist Ric DuPont , were standing behind a barrier well away from the car wreck but were quickly approached by the cop – Sgt. Ramirez – who immediately shouted that they had to leave .
As the video shows , despite the fact that the reporters start to back away towards their truck , the cop runs after them after one of them dares to speak – reminding the officer that America is supposed to be a free country with freedom of the press and that the cameraman “ can shoot if he wants to ” .
The cop then grabs
Hunt by his pants and threatens to arrest him , shouting , “ I gave you an order , ” with the reporter protesting , “ I did n’t do anything . ”
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Presumably , the cop thinks that it is illegal and therefore an arrestable offense not to follow any order given by a police officer – or even worse – because the reporters were actually following his order – the cop thinks its an arrestable offense merely to verbally disagree with a police officer .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
Despite the reporter not resisting or attempting to return to the scene of the wreck , the cop tries to slap the cuffs on anyway .
“ I ’m not doing anything , I ’m just trying to leave sir , ” states Hunt as the cop wildly shrieks behind him and pulls his arms behind his back .
The officer then pushes Hunt up against the fence and turns to grab DuPont ’s camera , before he too is arrested .
With the two reporters now out of view , more insane shrieking can be heard from the cop .
Upon arrival at the police station , the reporters were released within minutes – proving that they had done absolutely nothing worthy of being arrested in the first place .
Sgt. Ramirez has been placed on leave pending an investigation .
Some have speculated that the presence of military soldiers at the scene of the car wreck , which is captured on film near the end of the clip , was something that the authorities did not want to be documented on camera .
As we have previously warned , thousands of active duty military personnel are being brought back from Iraq and Afghanistan to conduct “ homeland patrols ” under Northcom .
The Army Times reported that their duties would include training to “ use jaws of life to extract a person from a mangled vehicle , ” as well as ” civil unrest and crowd control . ”
We have been ringing the alarm bell for years about the integration of the military into law enforcement and have consistently warned that the idea of troops on the streets as a matter of routine will be incrementally introduced to Americans by means of soldiers being used in traffic accidents .
This would engender the idea that the troops are here to “ help ” in times of need .
However , the troops may have just been traveling to or from their army base and happened to come across the accident and offer assistance , which is perfectly plausible .
The major thing to take away from watching this video is the insane behavior of the cop and his belief that citizens must comply with his every order or face arrest , despite them having done nothing wrong whatsoever .
These scenes are becoming commonplace in America .
Something has gone seriously wrong somewhere along the line with police training , a fact highlighted by the recent MIAC and Homeland Security reports , which revealed that police are being trained that American citizens who are merely knowledgeable about their rights under the U.S. constitution are considered a threat and potential terrorists .
Watch the clip of the incident below .
This article was posted : Wednesday , April 22 , 2009 at 4:56 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Anti car theft lock Security wheel lock chain theft vehicle car
Comments
There are no comments added yet .
Add the first yourself !
Lindsay Ann Hawker 's body was found in a bathtub filled with sand Police in Japan hunting the suspected killer of a Warwickshire teacher have offered what is thought to be their largest ever reward for information .
Tatsuya Ichihashi , 30 , is suspected of killing Lindsay Ann Hawker , 22 , from Brandon , in Tokyo in March 2007 .
Police in Japan have now offered a 10 m yen ( £ 63,397 ) reward .
Lindsay 's mother , Julia , said : " We wo n't rest until we get justice when this man is finally caught - we hope this reward will make that happen . "
The family said the previous largest Japanese police reward was 1 m yen .
We hope it will finally lead to Ichihashi's arrest so we can finally get justice for our beautiful Lindsay
Julia Hawker , Lindsay 's mother Ms Hawker went missing after giving Mr Ichihashi an English lesson .
Mr Ichihashi escaped as detectives arrived at his apartment .
Ms Hawker 's body was found in a bathtub filled with sand .
Despite several appeals for information , there have been no sightings of the fugitive .
Police are working on the basis that he is in hiding and being given help , the Hawker family 's spokeswoman Amanda Stocks said .
Officers have posted 30,000 new posters with photographs of the suspect at police and railway stations across Japan .
On Monday , they also handed out flyers at three railway stations near the scene of the incident calling for the public 's co-operation .
Posters showing Tatsuya Ichihashi are at railway stations Ms Hawker 's family have been critical of the Japanese police investigation .
They visited Japan in March to mark the second anniversary of her death and to try to raise the profile of the inquiry , which they felt had stalled .
In a statement , Julia Hawker , said they wished the higher reward had been offered sooner .
" We are pleased that the police have raised the reward to such a high figure and think it now is more reflective of the atrocity committed .
" We hope it will finally lead to Ichihashi 's arrest so we can finally get justice for our beautiful Lindsay .
" But we have written to the Japanese police to ask why it has taken them so long to increase the reward - we were told that it was not possible to increase the reward previously and we feel had this been done immediately after Lindsay had been murdered we may have had justice by now . "
Japanese police contacted the family last month to propose the increased reward .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
<
Two police officers of Toledo are Trevor Casey .
Family of boy calls it brutality of police force maintaining the case obtains a national attention .
Mother of boy classified a complaint with interior matters today .
The chief of police force says that the incident is being studied .
Family of adolescence boy says that video speaks it for itself .
The video of telephone can or can not prove violence .
A police force brings back states Friday evening to the houses of Whitlock of mark , Casey stopped in before a police car and made a dance .
Rapport indicates that the police force saw Casey and three others strolling on somebody the ‘ porch of S and ordered them to leave .
The police force claims Casey was giving a kick and trying to break freely but they regained the order .
The video shows leaders fighting with Casey in a corner .
Today , room of Stephen of activist of community , which ‘s also functioning for the municipal council , called this an injustice .
It is not an exit of race but an exit of the injustice and abuse of power and police brutality .
Trevor Casey may way about 120 pounds , if that .
Yet , in the video footage it is clear that the two officers in question may way over 200 pounds , there is no justifiable reason why these officers conducted themselves in the manner that they did .
Ward states , “ This is beyond a tragedy .
I understand the moral of the Toledo police may be low , and their stress levels elevated due to the recent layoffs .
However , police are to protect and serve the citizens .
This is another time in which the trust and respect between the police and citizens have been breached . ”
One Russian blogger is making those psychodelic loafs and canes – colorful and some even glow in dark .
via shim - shoni
Humans are completely living beyond their ecological means , says a major report published by the UN Environment Programme on Thursday .
The 550 - page document finds the human ecological footprint is on average 21.9 hectares per person .
Given the global population , however , the Earth ’s biological capacity is just 15.7 hectares per person .
The report is UNEP ’s latest on the state of the planet ’s health , taking five years in the making .
It was put together by about 390 experts and peer - reviewed by an additional 1000 .
It reviews the state of Earth ’s natural resources , from the atmosphere and water , to land surfaces and biodiversity .
It concludes that instead of being used and maintained as a tool for the sustainable development of human populations , the environment is being sucked dry by unsustainable development .
Advertisement
Examples of how humans are over - exploiting natural resources to their own detriment include :
 Water – by 2025 , 1.6 billion people will live in countries with absolute water scarcity ; 440 million school days are already missed every year because of diarrhoeal diseases .
 Land use – modern agriculture exploits land more intensively than it has in the past .
In 1987 , a hectare of cropland yielded on average 1.8 tonnes of crops , today the same hectare produces 2.5 tonnes .
This increased productivity comes at a cost – overexploited land is degraded and becomes less productive .
 Fish – 2.6 billion people rely on fish for more than 20 % of their animal protein intake , yet as the intensity of fishing increases , the biodiversity of the ocean and the ocean ’s capacity to produce more fish decreases .
 Air – more than 2 million people die each year because of indoor and outdoor pollution .
Unsustainable consumption
The individual average footprint of 21.9 hectares per person estimated by UNEP , includes the areas required to produce the resources we use , as well as the areas needed to process our waste .
“ About half of the footprint is accounted for by the areas that are required to absorb our greenhouse gas emissions , ” says Neville Ash of the UNEP World Conservation Monitoring Centre , underlying the scale of the climate change problem .
“ The other half is the land which produces our food , the forests which produce our timber , the oceans and rivers which produce our fish . ”
The inflated size of the footprint , says Ash , is partially the result of the growth of the human population .
The population is currently estimated at 6.7 billion people , and is expected to reach 8 to 10 billion by 2050 .
But for Ash , the main driver of the size of our footprint is our unsustainable consumption .
“ There is no doubt that we could sustain the current and projected population if we lived sustainably , ” he told New Scientist .
‘ Inexorable decline ’
According to the report authors , energy efficiency is key to sustainability .
Johan Kuylenstierna of the Stockholm Environment Institute says that the growth of greenhouse gas emissions in developing nations could be halved by 2020 simply by using existing technologies for energy efficiency .
According to Jo Alcamo , at the University of Kassel in Germany , who led the group which looked at future development for the report , open borders and free trade could also be important .
In models of the future where trade between countries is made simpler , technologies that improve the sustainable use of resources are adopted more quickly .
“ Much of the ‘ natural ’ capital upon which so much of the human wellbeing and economic activity depends – water , land , the air and atmosphere , biodiversity and marine resources – continue their seemingly inexorable decline , ” warns Achim Steiner , UNEP executive director .
“ The cost of inaction and the price humanity will eventually pay is likely to dwarf the cost of swift and decisive action now . ”
Climate Change – Want to know more about global warming : the science , impacts and political debate ?
Visit our continually updated special report .
Endangered species – Learn more about the conservation battle in our comprehensive special report .
Energy and Fuels – Learn more about the looming energy crisis in our comprehensive special report .
At the University of British Columbia in Vancouver last Saturday morning ( 16 May 2009 ) more than two dozen individuals gathered within the setting of the joint conference of the Canadian Anthropology Society ( CASCA ) and the American Ethnological Society ( AES ) , for an “ open session ” titled , “ Canadian Responses to the Militarization of Anthropology , ” which followed from the previous day ’s panel ( see Report # 1 ) .
The description of the event as stated in the conference program was as follows :
In conjunction with the symposium , “ The Use of Culture and Anthropology in Counter - Insurgency and Peacekeeping Operations , ” this session invites free discussion for all CASCA members to consider possible Canadian responses to the spread of programs such as the Human Terrain System and the Minerva Research Initiative , especially in light of the Canadian government ’s own engagements in Afghanistan , in the so - called “ war on terror , ” and with domestic spying .
Pentagon funding is already available to Canadian anthropologists , and Canadian Forces in Afghanistan already incorporate at least one American Human Terrain Team .
How prepared are we to meet the challenges of possible / further attempts to coopt the Canadian academy in ( further ) service of the state , and military and intelligence agencies ?
What can or should we do as an association , as individuals ?
No papers will be presented at this session , and opening remarks will be offered by the moderator .
Support from CASCA
The CASCA Executive Committee was also interested in supporting the event : a message to all conference participants was sent out shortly before the conference began , encouraging people to attend , and noting that it would take place immediately before the Annual General Meeting of CASCA .
The incoming CASCA President , Dr. Deirdre Meintel , as well as the CASCA Anglophone Member at Large , Dr. Craig Proulx , attended the session .
The outgoing CASCA President , Dr. Regna Darnell , was also very supportive and raised the topic of the open discussion during the AGM .
Subsequent to the conference , and arising from the AGM last Saturday , the CASCA Executive decided to revive its “ resolutions committee ” which was set up to bring forward issues to the membership that deal with controversial public and political questions .
This committee will serve as the conduit for any resolutions / initiatives that may come out of the sub - committee that we spoke of organizing during the open discussion session .
The Executive has asked me to serve on the resolutions committee , and I accepted .
Finally , CASCA has also been supportive not just in hosting the open discussion session , but also in publishing an article of mine in preparation for events at this conference related to the militarization of anthropology .
The Discussion
It was very important to have had the participation of Dr. Greg Feldman , a founding and active member of the U.S. Network of Concerned Anthropologists , present at the discussion , to share his notes and insights based on his experience with the NCA .
For example , I had no idea of how the NCA actually went about being established in the first place , what means were used , and so forth .
Aside from those already identified , I will not identify any of the other participants .
I should note that a member of the Human Terrain System , Dr. Christopher A. King , was also present for the discussion ( see report # 1 ) .
( Following the conference , some were concerned whether HTS undertook any recruitment , focused on AES members , at the venue as this could affect the nature of future collaborations with American anthropological bodies .
Dr. King was certainly not barred from the session , and it was open to all who had registered for the conference . )
Already one might perceive a certain bifurcation in the aims of the open session .
Was it meant to create a Canadian chapter of the Network of Concerned Anthropologists ?
Yes , originally that was our purpose , except that hardly anyone from the NCA was able or willing to actively pursue this possibility , and it was almost canceled outright , until I decided that a “ Canadian response ” does not require that our hand be held by our American partners .
Was the session designed to mobilize CASCA into taking some action or making a formal declaration ?
Yes , and this was discussed .
However , clearly these are two separate aims — one being the formation of a sub - group , and the other being action to be taken by the association as a whole .
While there was some limited support in the session for going through a formal CASCA declaration as the primary route ( for example , a declaration in support of the Executive Board of the American Anthropological Association , in its 2007 repudiation of HTS ) , the consensus was that we should form our own private network to work on any possible resolutions over the coming year , possibly in time for the next CASCA conference and AGM , which will coincidentally take place in Montreal .
( Incidentally , for those interested in attending , you should note that the 2010 CASCA conference will take place in conjunction with the gigantic mega-conference of the Federation of the Humanities and Social Sciences — “ the Learneds ” — and that even hotel space might be problematic .
The conference will once again take place at Concordia , although this time I will not have the pleasure of being a local organizer as I was in 2006 . )
It was also made clear that CASCA could not issue any formal public pronouncements , in a top - down manner , speaking for the association as a whole , until the membership as a whole had the chance to provide feedback , and therefore the only immediately available option was to form this private network , which for the time being , until we come up with our own name , we can call the Canadian NCA as a shortened reference .
Furthermore , it was also recognized early on in the discussion that we would not be able to speak to the same issues as the U.S. NCA , which is focused on counterinsurgency and the Human Terrain System .
HTS cannot hire Canadian citizens , and the American citizens it can hire have to receive security clearance .
Therefore , HTS cannot be a Canadian issue , strictly speaking , although as I emphasized that regardless of the international hegemony of American anthropology ( which has an impact on the public perception of all anthropologies ) , Canadian and American anthropology have historically been so closely intertwined — the very setting for the remarks was a joint event with the AES — that HTS should not be read as a “ purely ” or solely American issue .
As to whether the Canadian Armed Forces might be interested in securing the collaboration of academics , that is not altogether clear ( see this for more on Canada ’s “ white situational awareness teams “ ) .
Speaking in another context at the conference , Dr. Anne Irwin , who I had the pleasure of meeting as she is the only Canadian anthropologist to have spent time with Canadian troops in Afghanistan and is a former reservist herself , noted that it is not certain that the Canadian Armed Forces has taken any official “ hands off ” approach to academia , explaining to those of us assembled at the previous day ’s panel that she was invited to contribute a chapter to a Canadian military publication on “ cultural intelligence , ” which she refused to do .
The only “ hope ” then is that the clock will run out : Canadian Forces are supposed to be pulled from Afghanistan in 2011 — however , as we know , there are excellent chances that politicians , of whatever party , will succumb to American pressure to prolong their stay .
Thus , unlike the U.S. NCA , our concerns will be broader , and encompass discussion of the potential impact of the Pentagon ’s Minerva Research Initiative on the landscape of Canadian social science funding ( since Minerva encourages foreign participation ) , as well as examining any funding of the Canadian social sciences by the Department of National Defence .
An additional concern of our network will be to discuss the questions raised by open access publishing , self - archiving , and the production of ethnographic websites that can and likely will be read and mined for any data of possible value to military planners , that could threaten the lives of those we work with , or threaten the societies in which they have to live .
We will need to discuss whether our obligations to the taxpayers who funded our research overrides our primary ethical responsibility , which is to those at the heart of our research .
One thing seemed certain , open access publishing was not seen as a pure and pristine value to be pursued at all costs and without regard to the consequences , and we also realized that we need to further impress on all anthropologists to be extra cautious and vigilant concerning how even small details could acquire significance for future military actions or other forms of pernicious intervention .
The same concerns were voiced concerning border crossings by anthropologists , and the possibility that sensitive data in any format could be seized and copied , and possibly put to use .
Given the nearly continuous thread of the discussion held last Saturday , which seemed to have a great deal to do with surveillance , both placing anthropology under surveillance and enlisting anthropology ( voluntarily or not ) as a tool of surveillance , and that the broader context has to do with the workings of national security states , one participant argued that our focus should not be so much the “ militarization ” of anthropology , as the “ securitization ” of anthropology .
This appeared to meet with wide approval , and it appears to be the focal concept that will unite our upcoming discussions .
At this point , this is the most that I will share about this discussion .
The private discussion to take place within the group , will remain private .
However , I will reproduce on this blog any draft resolution that we may produce , especially if it is intended to generate wider discussion and get wider feedback .
Many thanks again to the CASCA Executive Committee , to Greg Feldman , and to all those who came to one of the final events of the conference , when already most conference participants had left .
The next posting about this conference in Vancouver will not be a report as such , but rather a copy of the paper I presented ( discussed in the last report ) , along with audio of the paper .
Coming straight from E3 , is the Last Guardian .
We all know this game , with it ’s project name , “ Project Trico ” title .
The 3 minute trailer that was shown was similar to our Project Trico Footage .
Stick with PlayStation LifeStyle as we ’ll bring you all the news from E3 !
David Remes , an attorney for 16 Yemeni prisoners in Guantánamo , claimed today that the government ’s detention policy was " in tatters , " after District Court Judge Gladys Kessler comprehensively demolished the Justice Department ’s case against a Yemeni prisoner held in Guantánamo without charge or trial for seven years ( PDF ) .
Judge Kessler ruled last Monday that the government had failed to establish , " by a preponderance of the evidence , " that Alla Ali Bin Ali Ahmed was " part of , or substantially supported , Taliban or al - Qaeda forces that are engaged in hostilities against the United States or its coalition partners , " and stated that the government " should take all necessary diplomatic steps to facilitate " his release .
This was not the first time that a judge had ordered a prisoner freed from Guantánamo because of the weakness of the government ’s evidence .
Since the Supreme Court reinstated the prisoners ’ habeas corpus rights last June , judges have ordered the release of 25 prisoners in the 29 cases that have so far been heard .
However , although Judge Richard Leon dismissed the testimony of two witnesses in Guantánamo four months ago in the case of the Saudi resident and Chadian national Mohammed El - Gharani , stating that " the credibility and reliability of the detainees being relied upon by the government has either been directly called into question by government personnel or has been characterized by government personnel as undermined , " last week ’s 45 - page ruling reveals ( despite extensive redactions ) that Judge Kessler expressed even more comprehensive doubts about both the reliability of witnesses in Guantánamo , and the overall quality of the government ’s supposed evidence .
This will , I believe , have a knock - on effect on other cases , and may well be causing tremors of fear in those parts of the Justice Department and the Pentagon where , bizarrely , all indications suggest that , despite the change of administration , career officials who worked under George W. Bush are behaving as though it is still business as usual .
The case against Alla Ali Bin Ali Ahmed
Ali Ahmed , who was seized , with at least 15 other prisoners , in a raid on a house in Faisalabad , Pakistan , on March 28 , 2002 ( on the same night that the alleged senior al - Qaeda operative Abu Zubaydah was captured in another house raid ) , has always stated that he traveled to Afghanistan " in order to find a religious school at which to study the Koran , " as Judge Kessler described it , and " denies ever going to Afghanistan , training at an al - Qaeda camp , fighting against anyone , or being a member of a terrorist group . "
In a military review board at Guantánamo in 2007 , he explained that he traveled to Pakistan , on a one - month visa , " to learn the Koran so he could be a teacher , " but ended up stuck in the guest house " because the situation at that time was they were arresting any Arab that was found there in Pakistan so we were just sitting and waiting in that house . "
In its case against him , the government drew on allegations made by four prisoners in Guantánamo , and also attempted to rely on a " mosaic theory " of intelligence .
As Judge Kessler described it , drawing on documents submitted by the government ,
[ the ] theory is that each of these allegations — and even the individual pieces of evidence supporting these allegations — should not be examined in isolation .
Rather , " [t ] he probity of any single piece of evidence should be evaluated based on the evidence as a whole , " to determine whether , when considered " as a whole , " the evidence supporting these allegations comes together to create a " mosaic " that shows the Petitioner to be justifiably detained .
Judge Kessler then noted that , although it " may well be true " that " use of the mosaic approach is a common and well - established mode of analysis in the intelligence community … at this point in this long , drawn - out litigation the Court ’s obligation is to make findings of fact and conclusions of law " to consider the government ’s case .
After pointing out that the mosaic theory " is only as persuasive as the tiles which compose it and the glue which binds them together , " she then proceeded to highlight a catalog of deficiencies in the tiles and the glue .
Judge Kessler dismisses the testimony of four witnesses
Dealing first with the witnesses , she excluded the testimony of the first , " whose credibility has been cast into serious doubt — and rejected " by Judge Leon in the case of Mohammed El - Gharani .
Noting that he " has made accusations against a number of detainees " at Guantánamo , and that " Many of those accusations have been called into question by the government , " Judge Kessler dismissed his claim that he " overheard " conversations at Guantánamo about Ali Ahmed ’s travels in Afghanistan , stating that , " In addition to coming from an unreliable witness , " it was " based upon multiple levels of hearsay . "
Judge Kessler then dismissed the testimony of a second witness , whose allegation was redacted , because he had made several contradictory statements to interrogators , and , moreover , because his allegation was " riddled … with equivocation and speculation , " and also dismissed the account of a third witness , who claimed to have seen Ali Ahmed while he was allegedly being smuggled from Afghanistan to Pakistan , because , as Ali Ahmed stated , he " has been diagnosed by military medical staff as having a ‘ psychosis . ’ "
Judge Kessler was particularly troubled that Ali Ahmed " learned of the witness ’ medical condition only through the diligent work of his counsel , and not as a result of the government ’s obligation to provide him exculpatory information . "
She was also unimpressed that the witness provided " inconsistent identifications , " and was concerned by " evidence that [ he ] underwent torture , " at Bagram and in the CIA ’s " Dark Prison " near Kabul , " which may well have affected the accuracy of the information he supplied to interrogators . "
According to the government , the last witness , identified as al - Qahtani ( probably Jabran al - Qahtani , an alleged al - Qaeda operative who was captured with Abu Zubaydah ) , identified Ali Ahmed , from a photograph shown to him in Bagram , as someone who had received military training near Kabul .
However , Judge Kessler dismissed this statement when it became apparent that , in Bagram , where Ali Ahmed had been given the prisoner number 191 , the government admitted that two detainees were given this same number , " and she therefore concluded that it was " completely unclear " to whom the allegation referred .
Judge Kessler dismisses the " mosaic " theory of intelligence
While the dismissal of all four witnesses ’ statements fatally undermined the government ’s case , Judge Kessler also took apart the " mosaic theory " conjured up from the prisoners ’ statements , which purported to show that Ali Ahmed trained and fought in Afghanistan , and was associated with al - Qaeda because of his presence in the guest house in Faisalabad .
Dismissing the claim that he fought in Afghanistan , Judge Kessler noted that , bizarrely , the government asked that his " participation in battle be inferred from a web of statements made by witnesses who were commenting on [ his ] non-military activity , " by suggesting that military activity could be inferred because the witnesses claimed that Ali Ahmed undertook military training in Afghanistan and " stayed in the company of al - Qaeda fighters , " and " because Ali Ahmed ’s denial of such behavior is not credible . "
Noting that " The government ’s position on this charge rests on its mosaic theory , " Judge Kessler added decisively , " The theory cannot support the charge , " and proceeded to explain that it was " extremely significant " that there was " absolutely no ‘ direct ’ evidence , at whatever hearsay level , of Ali Ahmed ’s participation in battle . "
She also made the following withering dismissal of the government ’s claims :
Even if the evidence is to be believed that Petitioner ’s story is false and that he was in Afghanistan , there simply is no affirmative proof that he took up arms .
The Court will not make the leap that the government does .
After dismissing other pieces of the mosaic that dealt with Ali Ahmed ’s purported military training in Afghanistan , and his supposed use of a particular kunya ( nickname ) , for reasons connected to the unreliable witnesses discussed above , Judge Kessler also refused to accept that , because Ali Ahmed stated at a guest house in Faisalabad , which , according to the government , housed at least a few individuals who " were involved with terrorist groups , " it was logical to infer , as " one more piece of the mosaic , " that he was " a substantial supporter of al - Qaeda and / or the Taliban , as well as a trainee and fighter for one or both of these groups . "
Reiterating her profound doubts about the witnesses , she stated that the government ’s allegation was " not the material of which a reliable hearsay identification is made .
Once those pieces of the mosaic have been removed because of their unreliability , the government is left with what is essentially a charge of guilt by association . "
She added ,
The problem with this charge is that there is no solid evidence that Ali Ahmed engaged in , or planned , any future wrongdoing while [ redacted ] .
There is no evidence that he was arrested with any weapons or other terrorist paraphernalia ; nothing of this kind was found in his locker .
Though others at the house admitted their affiliation with al - Qaeda , they did not implicate Ali Ahmed in any terrorist activity .
She also noted that there was " ample evidence in the record to indicate that guest houses are common features of the region , serving as way stations for impoverished young men spending time away from home , " and — in a comment that is worth noting in the cases of the other men seized in the house , whom I discussed in my book The Guantánamo Files , and in an article last December — stated , " It is likely , based on evidence in the record , that at least a majority of the [ redacted ] guests were indeed students , living at a guest house that was located close to a university , " and added that she thought it significant that , " even though the police arrested all of the [ redacted ] men staying at the house , they appeared to have ignored [ redacted ] , the man who operated the house . "
This was a valid point , as the house owner , Issa , was a Pakistani , and , as many Guantánamo prisoners seized in Pakistan have attested ( see , for example , the story of two Sudanese prisoners released in 2007 ) , the Pakistani police often made a point of apologizing to foreign Muslims as they were captured , stating that they had to seize foreign Arabs — but not , by inference , Pakistanis — to please the Bush administration .
In conclusion , Judge Kessler provided a succinct recap of her response to the government ’s evidence , which should leave no one in any doubt about the extent of the administration ’s failure to create a convincing case out of selection of profoundly dubious witnesses , and a " mosaic " with more holes than tiles :
As to the claim of participating in fighting , the government produced virtually no credible evidence ; as to the claim of receiving military training , the conclusory nine - word hearsay statement by [ redacted ] does not show that it is more likely than not that he received such training ; as to the claim that he traveled around Afghanistan in 2001 and 2002 in the company of terrorist fighters fleeing the battlefield , even if the government had proven this charge , which it did not , such a fact would not constitute substantial support ; as to the evidence that he stayed at [ redacted ] , the government has certainly proven that he stayed there , but has utterly failed to present evidence that he was a substantial supporter of al - Qaeda and / or the Taliban while he did stay there ; as to the government ’s position about the significance of locating Petitioner ’s alleged kunya on a list , the Court finds this argument without any merit whatsoever .
The long reach of Judge Kessler ’s ruling
As a result , Judge Kessler ’s ruling casts serious doubts on the wisdom of pursuing the cases of the other men seized in the house , except , perhaps , for those few who , as the government described it , " admitted to fighting with enemy forces " — although even these bold statements may prove , under scrutiny , to be rather less clear - cut .
Moreover , her unwavering condemnation of four separate witnesses , including one who was responsible for making unreliable allegations against dozens of prisoners ( which still seem to be included as part of the government ’s " evidence " against these men ) , and her equally unwavering condemnation of a " mosaic " of intelligence composed of second - or third - hand hearsay , guilt by association and unsupportable suppositions , have repercussions that extend far beyond the case of Alla Ali Bin Ali Ahmed and the other Faisalabad guest house prisoners .
As David Remes explained to me , " Judge Kessler ’s opinion exposes the flimsiness of the government ’s evidence and blows a hole in many of the government ’s cases .
Specifically , the court rejected the government ’s reliance on guilt - by - association and accusers of dubious reliability .
These are two of the pillars of the government ’s cases against many if not most of the prisoners .
The opinion also shows that the courts will not give the government the unquestioning deference it has been counting on to win its cases .
If the other judges of the court should apply the opinion in their cases , the government ’s claims of detention authority will lie in tatters . "
If justice is indeed to be delivered to the Guantánamo prisoners , through a legal process that has taken many long years to establish , and is not to be hijacked instead by the Obama administration ’s Executive review ( which , noticeably , sidelines Congress and the judiciary in a manner that recalls the Bush years ) , I foresee that the release of many other prisoners will be ordered by judges in the coming months .
The government ’s failure to comprehend the scale of the Bush administration ’s cruelty and ineptitude
As a result , the administration might want to reflect on its reasons for claiming , as defense secretary Robert Gates stated two weeks ago , that there are 50 to 100 of the remaining 241 prisoners " who we can not release and cannot try , " and who , it was suggested , might be held under some new kind of legislation authorizing preventive detention .
If many of these cases are looked at closely enough , I suspect that it will be become apparent that the reasons that the government does not want to put them forward for trial is because the evidence against them is unreliable ( in other words , that it was obtained through the use of torture , coercion or bribery ) , and that , moreover , much of it is composed of exactly the sort of " mosaic " of intelligence that , under close scrutiny , is revealed to be full of holes .
In addition , Attorney General Eric Holder would do well to focus significant attention on the pending habeas cases , and , preferably , to drop those which are infected by the testimony of liars ( whether coerced or bribed ) and are composed of broken " mosaics " of intelligence that will not convince judges seeking " findings of fact and conclusions of law . "
No one in the Obama administration should be surprised that so many of the Guantánamo cases will not stand up in a court of law , but I find myself surprised that senior officials seem to have been content to let a Bush - era approach to prosecution survive unchanged in the offices of the Justice Department and the Pentagon .
Perhaps they have n’t been informed that the reason that there is no case against most of these men is because torture , coercion and bribery were used to fill in the blanks when the majority of these men were sold to the U.S. military by their Afghan and Pakistani allies , who handed them over with a smile , and a simple phrase , " This man is an al - Qaeda / Taliban fighter .
You owe me $ 5,000 . "
So Obama Has A Smoking Habit , What ’s The Big Deal ?
Commentary By Gilbert Mercier , NEWS JUNKIE POST
At the press conference yesterday , the press corp asked more questions about the current status of President Obama ’s smoking habit , perhaps more than any other topics .
This is a sad statement for the press , and America ’s priorities at large .
As an on and off smoker myself for about 35 years , I know a thing or two about the pleasure and addiction that tobacco represents .
In my case , I was quite literally addicted to nicotine from birth .
My mother smoked when she was expecting me , but that was the mid 1950 ’s .
At the time smoking was sort of cool and sexy .
Today , everyone knows about the great health risks coming from the use of any tobacco products .
Tobacco is perhaps one of the most insidious drugs .
It can be enjoyable at first , but quite quickly your system and brain circuitry become addicted to nicotine .
It becomes closely associated with pleasures , such as a good meal or sex , but it is mainly a stress coping mechanism .
It is insidious , any ex-smoker can have a relapse at any giving time .
I managed to stop smoking for about 5 years a few years ago .
However , I own a house in New - Orleans .
When Katrina ’s drama was unfolding , I was in Canada .
The amount of stress and uncertainty about my house took me right back to my nicotine addiction .
Nobody in their right mind can advocate for the use of tobacco products , but the crusade mentality of some anti-smoking Nazis today that is prevalent in America and in most of Western Europe is disturbing .
Smoking has become a stigma and smokers are now looked down like social pariahs .
Americans are focusing on one product instead of looking into other factors hazardous to their health .
Of course , tobacco is bad for you , but so is excessive consumption of read meat , fry food and all the products with a high content of sugar such as soft drinks .
Nothing wrong with this “ war on tobacco , ” but then we should have one on fast food and soda pops .
In the case of President Obama , he apparently decided to quit smoking during the election last year .
I am not sure if he succeeded , but it appears that he had a relapse .
Should it matter to anyone else beside the President and his family ?
Absolutely not .
He has arguably the most stressful job on the planet .
Smoking is his coping mechanism .
In the case of Nixon it was drinking , in the cases of Kennedy and Clinton it was sex .
To my knowledge , President Obama was not elected as “ anti- smoking - advocate - in - chief . ”
As an historical reminder , Winston Churchill , the man who successfully steered the UK during WWII , smoked about 10 very big Cuban cigars a day , it did not impaired his judgment or even his longevity for that matter .
We should n’t be judging or care so much about this one issue that the president is “ struggling ” with after all , it is better to have a President with a brain that is craving a cigarette every now and then , as opposed to one with no intellect who could n’t stop drinking until he found Jesus .
Silvio Berlusconi yesterday faced calls to resign from opposition leaders after a judge ruled that David Mills , husband of the Olympics minister Tessa Jowell , lied at two corruption trials to protect the Italian Prime Minister .
The judges released their 400 - page reasoning three months after Mills was sentenced to four and a half years .
They say Mills gave false testimony in two 1990s trials to shield Berlusconi and his Fininvest holding company from charges relating to the purchase of US film rights , as well was to protect his own economic interests .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Prosecutors allege that Berlusconi ordered payments to Mills in exchange for the testimony .
Mills ' lawyer Federico Cecconi said he did not agree with the February verdict but declined comment on the justification until he has read it .
Before entering politics , Berlusconi founded the Mediaset media empire , which is controlled by his family through Fininvest .
Jaguar Skills - 30 Years , 538 Tracks , 1 Mix
Tracklistings for Jaguar Skills ' mix :
538 tracks charting the entire history of hip hop , from block party to arena , mixtape to multi-platinum selling album .
It does n't get any bigger than this !
The Jaguar Skills hip hop mix has now expired but you can catch Jaguar Skills in the place every Saturday with Trevor Nelson .
We 've also got a heap of free downloadable goodness for your MP3 player available every week .
Fatback - King Tim III ( Personality Jock ) | Sugarhill Gang - Rapper 's Delight | Xanadu & Sweet Lady - Rapper 's Delight | Xanadu & Sweet Lady - Rocker 's Choice | Sequence - Funk You Up | Funky 4 + 1 - Rappin ' and Rockin ' | The House Funky Constellation - Street Talk ( Madame Rapper ) | Kurtis Blow - Christmas Rappin ' | Grandmaster Flash & the Furious 5 - Superrappin ' | Lady D - Lady DCrash Crew - High Powered Rap | The Sequence - And You Know That | Afrika Bambaataa - Zulu Nation Throwdown Volume 1 | Grandmaster Flash And The Furious Five - Super Rappin ' No.2 | The Treacherous Three - Body Rock | Ronnie Gee - Raptivity | Spoonie Gee Meets The Sequence - Monster Jam | Afrika Bambaataa - Zulu Nation Throwdown Volume 2 | Jimmy Spicer - Adventures Of Super Rhyme | The Treacherous Three - At The Party ( Instrumental ) | Spoonie Gee - Spoonin ' Rap | Kurtis Blow - The Breaks | Spoonie Gee And The Treacherous Three - Love Rap | Brother D - How We Gonna Make The Black Nation Rise ? | Sugar Hill Gang - 8th WonderBoogie Boys featuring Kool Ski , Kid Delight & Disco Dave - Rappin' Ain't No Thang | Sangria - To the Beat Y'all Trouble Funk - Pump Me Up | Dr. Jeckyll & Mr. Hyde - Genius Rap | Blondie - Rapture | Grandmaster Flash & the Furious 5 - The Adventures of Grandmaster Flash on the Wheels of Steel | Sugarhill Gang - Apache T | Ski Valley - Catch the Beat | Fearless Four - Feel the Heartbeat | Funky 4 + 1 - That 's the Joint | Afrika Bambaataa & the Jazzy 5 - Jazzy SensationSweet G - Boogie Feelin ' Rap | Grand Master Flash And The Furious Five - Flash To The Beat ( Live ) | Masterdon Committee - Funk Box Party | Nairobi featuring Awesome Foursome - Funky Soul Makossa | Busy Bee - Making Cash Money | Grand Master Flash And The Furious Five - The Message | Grandmaster Melle Mel & Duke Bootee - Message II ( Survival ) | Malcolm McLaren & the World Famous Supreme Team - Buffalo Girls | Fab 5 Freddy - Change The Beat | Grandmixer D.ST & the Infinity Rappers - The Grandmixer Cuts It Up | Afrika Bambaataa & the Soul Sonic Force - Looking For The Perfect Beat | Afrika Bambaataa & the Soul Sonic Force - Planet Rock | Grandmaster Flash & the Furious 5 - Scorpio | Fearless Four - Rockin '
It | Pieces of a Dream - Mt. Airy Groove ( Rap Version ) | Grand Master Flash And The Furious Five - Flash To The Beat ( Studio ) | Jimmy Spicer - The Bubble Bunch Whodini - Magic's WandDouble Dee & Steinski - Play that Beat Mr. DJ ( Lesson 1 : the Payoff Mix ) | Run DMC - It 's Like That | Double Dee & Steinski - Play that Beat Mr. DJ ( Lesson 2 : the James Brown Mix ) | Run DMC - Sucker MC's | G.L.O.B.E. & Whiz Kid - Play That Beat Mr. DJ | West Street Mob - Breakdance Electric Boogie G.L.O.B.E. & Whiz Kid | Jimmy Spicer - Money ( Dollar Bill , Y'all ) | Run DMC - Hard Times | Run DMC - Jam Master Jay | Grandmaster Melle Mel - White Lines | Treacherous
Three - Action ( Instrumental ) | K - Rob vs. Rammelzee - Beat Bop | Pumpkin - King Of The Beat | Malcolm X featuring Keith LeBlanc - No Sell OutT La Rock & Jazzy Jay -
It 's Yours | Kool DJ Red Alert - Hip Hop on Wax Volume 2 | Whodini - Friends | Whodini - Five Minutes of Funk Davy | DMX - One for the Treble ( Fresh ) | Disco 3 - Human Beat Box | Grandmaster Melle Mel - Beat Street Breakdown Disco 3 - Fat Boys | Afrika Bambaataa & James Brown - Unity | U.T.F.O. - Roxanne , Roxanne | L.L. Cool J - I Need a Beat | Run D.M.C. - Rock Box | World Famous Supreme Team - Hey | DJ Whodini - Freaks Come Out At Night | Newcleus - Jam On ItRun DMC - Together Forever | LL Cool J - Rock The Bells | Doug E. Fresh & the Get Fresh Crew - The Show | LL Cool J - Can't Live Without My Radio | Rockmaster Scott & the Dynamic Three - Request Line | Cutmaster D.C. - Brooklyn's in the House | Run DMC - King Of Rock Bad Boys featuring K Love - Veronica | Schoolly D - P.S.K. | Schoolly D - Gucci Time | Doug E. Fresh & the Get Fresh Crew - La Di Da Di | Whistle - ( Nothing Serious ) Just Buggin ' | Kurtis Blow - If I Ruled the WorldRun DMC - My Adidas | Ice T - 6 In The Morning | Just - Ice - Cold Gettin ' Dumb | Biz Markie - Make The Music With Your Mouth | Biz Kool Moe Dee - Go See the Doctor | Eric B. & Rakim - My Melody MC Shan - The Bridge Boogie Down Productions - South Bronx | Eric B. & Rakim - Eric B. is President | Beastie Boys - Hold It , Now Hit It | Doug E. Fresh & the Get Fresh Crew - Play
This Only at Night | The Real Roxanne feat Hitman Howie Tee - Bang Zoom ( Let 's Go- Go ) | Ultramagnetic MCs - Ego Trippin ' | Run DMC - Peter Piper | DJ Jazzy Jeff & the Fresh Prince - Girls Ain't Nothing But Trouble | Joeski Love - Pee - Wee's DanceEric B. & Rakim - I Ain't No Joke | Audio Two - Top Billin ' | Kid-N - Play - Last Night | Eazy E - Boyz N The Hood Boogie Down Productions - Poetry | Public Enemy - Bring The Noise | Public Enemy - Rebel Without A Pause | Big Daddy Kane - Raw | Latee - This Cut's Got Flavor | Big Daddy Kane feat Biz Markie - Just Rhymin ' with Biz | L.L. Cool J - I 'm Bad | Biz Markie - Pickin ' Boogers | MC Lyte - I Cram to Understand U ( Sam ) | Ultramagnetic MCs - Funky | Boogie Down Productions - The Bridge is Over | Eric B. & Rakim - I Know You Got Soul | EPMD - It 's My ThingChubb Rock featuring Hitman Howie Tee - Caught Up ( Remix ) | Marley Marl featuring Masta Ace , Craig G , Kool G Rap & Big Daddy Kane - The Symphony " | Eric B. & Rakim - Microphone Fiend | Eric B & Rakim - Paid in Full ( Seven Minutes of Madness Remix ) | Public Enemy - Do n't Believe the Hype | Mark 45 King - The 900 Number | Kid 'n Play - Do This My Way | Rob Base & DJ E - Z Rock - It Takes Two | L.L. Cool J - Goin ' Back to Cali | Big Daddy Kane - Ain't No Half Steppin ' | De La Soul - Potholes in My Lawn | Biz Markie - Vapors | Marley Marl featuring Craig G - Droppin ' Science | Biz Markie - The Biz is Goin ' Off | Stetsasonic - Talkin' All That Jazz | De La Soul - Plug Tunin ' | Boogie Down Productions - My Philosophy | Run-D.M.C. - Beats to the Rhyme | J.V.C Force - Strong Island | Run-D.M.C. - Run's House | Boogie Down Productions - I 'm Still # 1 Slick Rick - Mona Lisa | LL Cool J - Big Ol Butt | Digital Underground - Doowhatchalike | De La Soul feat Jungle Brothers , A Tribe Called Quest & Monie Love - Buddy ( Native Tongues Decision ) | Slick Rick - Hey Young World | Nice And Smooth - Early To Rise | Chubb Rock - Ya Bad Chubs | MC Lyte - Cha , Cha , Cha | Slick Rick - Children 's Story | De La Soul - Me , Myself And I | Tone Loc - Wild Thing | Big Daddy Kane - Warm It Up Kane | NWA - Express Yourself | Special Ed - I Got It Made | The DOC - Is It Funky Enough | Ice T - You Played Yourself | NWA - Straight Outta Compton | 3rd Bass - Steppin ' To The AM | EPMD - So What ' Cha Saying | Public Enemy - Flight The Power | Biz Markie - Just A Friend | Gangstarr - Words I ManifestDigital Underground - Humpty Dance | LL Cool J - To Da Break Of Dawn | Gangstarr - Who 's Gonna Take The Weight | Main Source - Looking At The Front Door | Boogie Down Productions - Love 's Gonna Get Cha | LL Cool J - Boomin ' System | Public Enemy - Brother 's Gonna Work It Out | Terminator X And The Valley Of The Jeep Beats - Buck Wildin ' | Public Enemy - Welcome To The Terrordome | Chubb Rock - Treat Em Right | LL Cool J - Jingling Baby ( Remixed But Still Jingling ) | Double X Posse - Executive Class | A Tribe Called Quest - Can I Kick It ? | Poor Righteous Teachers - Rock This Funky Joint | Nice And Smooth - Funky For You | Gangstarr - Just To Get A Rep | Kool G Rap And DJ Polo - Streets Of New York | Eric B And Rakim - In The Ghetto | Ice Cube - AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted | K- Solo - Spellbound | K- Solo - Ya Mom's In My Business | LL Cool J - Around The Way Girl | A Tribe Called Quest - Bonita Applebum | X Clan - Funkin ' LessonEPMD - Rampage | Kool G Rap And DJ Polo - Bad To The Bone | Brand Nubian - Slow Down | Ice T - OG Tim Dog - F*ck Compton | Ice Cube - Steady Mobbin ' | Cypress Hill - How I Could Just Kill A Man | Ice Cube - No Vaseline | A Tribe Called Quest - Check The Rhime | De La Soul - A Roller Skating Jam Called Saturday | Black Sheep - Flavor Of The Month | Geto Boys - Mind 's Playing Tricks On Me | Gangstarr - Check The Technique | Nice And Smooth - Hip -Hop Junkies | De La Soul - Ring , Ring , Ring | Naughty By Nature - OPP | Leaders Of The New School - Case Of The PTA | Brand Nubian - One For All | Ed OG And Da Bulldogz - I Got To Have
It | Main Source - Live At The BBQ | Public Enemy - Shut Em Down ( Pete Rock Remix ) Naughty By Nature - Uptown Anthem | A Tribe Called Quest - Scenario | Afrika Bambaataa Presents Time Zone - Zulu War Chant | Eric B. & Rakim - Do n't Sweat The Technique | Eric B. & Rakim - Juice ( Know the Ledge ) | Redman - Time 4 Sum Akshon | EPMD featuring K - Solo & Redman - Head Banger | Das EFX - They Want EFX | Black Sheep - The Choice is Yours ( Revisited ) | House of Pain - Jump Around | Gang Starr featuring Nice & Smooth - DWYCK | Nas - Half Time | Dr. Dre featuring Snoop Doggy Dogg - Deep Cover | Das EFX - Mic Checka ( Remix ) | Diamond D - Best Kept Secret | Black Moon - Who Got da Props ? | A Tribe Called Quest - Jazz ( We've Got ) | Del tha Funkee Homosapien - Mistadobalina | Brand Nubian - Punks Jump Up to Get Beat Down | Main Source featuring Neek the Exotic - Fakin ' the Funk ( Remix ) | Pete Rock & CL Smooth - T.R.O.Y .
( They Reminisce Over You ) Souls of Mischief - 93 ' til Infinity | Wu- Tang Clan - Da Mystery Of Chess Boxing | Jeru the Damaja - Come Clean | Onyx - Throw Ya Gunz | Onyx - Slam | Cypress Hill - Insane in the Brain | Lords of the Underground - Chief Rocka | Fat Joe - Flow Joe | KRS - One - Outta Here | Diamond D - I 'm Outta Here | A Tribe Called Quest - Electric Relaxation | The Pharcyde - Passin' Me By | A Tribe Called Quest feat Trugoy - Award Tour | Notorious B.I.G. - Party and Bullshit | KRS - One - Sound Of Da Police | Alkaholiks - Make Room | M.O.P. - How About Some Hardcore | Wu - Tang Clan - Method Man | Wu - Tang Clan - Protect Ya Neck | Dr. Dre featuring Snoop Doggy Dogg - Fuck wit Dre Day | Dr. Dre featuring Snoop Doggy Dogg - Nuthin' But a ' G ' ThangThe Notorious B.I.G. - Unbelievable | Fugees - Nappy Heads ( Remix ) | Group Home - Supa Star | Nate Dogg & Warren G - Regulate | The Lady of Rage feat Snoop Doggy Dogg - Afro Puffs | Snoop Doggy Dogg - Murder Was the Case | Snoop Doggy Dogg - Gin & Juice | The Notorious B.I.G. - Juicy | Smif-n- Wessun - Bucktown | Channel Live feat KRS - One - Mad Izm | Craig Mack - Flava in Your Ear | Black Moon - How Many MCs | Black Moon - Buck 'em Down ( Remix ) | Gang Starr - Mass Appeal | Crooklyn Dodgers - Crooklyn | Nas - World Is Yours | Wu - Tang Clan - Cream Wu- Tang - Can It Be All So Simple | OC - Time 's Up | Redman - Rockafella ( Remix ) | Nas - It Ain't Hard To TellMobb Deep - Shook Ones Pt. II | Smoothe da Hustler feat Trigger tha Gambler - Broken Language | Redman & Method Man - How High | Raekwon - Ice Cream | Raekwon - Criminology | Raekwon - Incarcerated Scarfaces | Ol ' Dirty Bastard - Shimmy Shimmy Ya | GZA - Liquid Swords | Ol ' Dirty Bastard - Brooklyn Zoo | Show & AG - Next Level ( Nyte Tyme Remix ) | Frankie Cutlass feat Doo Wop , Fat Joe , Ray Boogie & True God - Boriquas on da Set | The Pharcyde - Drop | KRS - One - MCs Act Like They Don't Know | Group Home - Livin ' Proof | Crooklyn Dodgers ' 95 - Return of the Crooklyn Dodgers | Das EFX - Real Hip Hop | Blahzay Blahzay - Danger Lost Boyz - Jeeps , Lex Coups , Bimaz & Benz Luniz - I Got 5 on It | Junior M.A.F.I.A. feat the Notorious B.I.G - Player 's Anthem The Notorious B.I.G. - One More Chance ( Stay with Me Remix ) Tha Dogg Pound feat Snoop Doggy Dogg - New York , New York Method Man feat Mary J. Blige - You 're All I Need to Get By | Junior M.A.F.I.A. feat the Notorious B.I.G. - Get MoneyBusta Rhymes - Woo Hah !!
Got You All in Check | Fugees - How Many Mics | Fugees - Ready or Not | Fugees - Killing Me Softly | Jay - Z feat Mary J. Blige - Ca n't Knock the Hustle | Mobb Deep - Drop a Gem on ' Em | Mobb Deep - Hell on Earth ( Front Lines ) | Ghostface Killah feat Raekwon , Cappadonna & the Force MDs - Daytona 500 | Capone -n- Noriega feat Mobb Deep & Tragedy - L.A. , L.A. | The East Flatbush Project feat DeS - Tried by 12 | The Fab 5 - Leflaur Leflah Eshkoshka | Jay - Z - Dead Presidents | Junior M.A.F.I.A. feat the Notorious B.I.G. - Get Money ( Remix ) | 2 P ac feat Dr. Dre - California Love | De La Soul - Stakes is HighGang Starr - You Know My Steez | D.I.T.C. : - Day One | KRS - One - Step into a World ( Rapture 's Delight ) | Puff Daddy feat The Lox , Lil ' Kim & the Notorious B.I.G. - It 's All About the Benjamins ( Remix ) | Busta Rhymes - Put Your Hand Where My Eyes Can See | Reflection Eternal feat Mos Def & Mr. Man - Fortified Live | Mos Def - Universal Magnetic | Mos Def , Q - Tip And Tash - Body Rock | Tha Alkaholiks feat Ol ' Dirty Bastard - Hip Hop Drunkies | The Beatnuts feat Big Punisher & Cuban Link - Off the Books | Rakim - It 's Been a Long Time | Rampage feat Busta Rhymes - Wild for da Night | L.L. Cool J feat Method Man , Redman , Canibus & DMX - 4 . 3 . 2 . 1 | Mase feat Kelly Price - Feel So Good | The Lox feat Lil' Kim & DMX - Money , Power & Respect | The Notorious B.I.G. - Hypnotize | Nas , Foxy Brown , AZ & Nature - Phone Tap | The Notorious B.I.G. feat Puff Daddy & Mase - Mo' Money Mo'Problems | Lord Tariq & Peter Gunz - Deja Vu ( Uptown Baby ) | Makaveli feat the Outlawz - Hail MaryPete Rock feat Inspectah Deck & Kurupt - Tru Master | Canibus - Second Round K.O. | Juvenile - Ha Silkk the Shocker feat Mystikal - It Ain't My Fault | Big L - Ebonics | Jay - Z - Hard Knock Life ( Ghetto Anthem ) | Noreaga - Superthug | All City - The Actual | DMX - Ruff Ryders ' Anthem | Cam'ron - 357 | Cam'ron feat Mase - Horse & Carriage | Big Punisher featuring Joe - Still Not a Player | Mase feat Total - What You Want | A Tribe Called Quest - Find A Way | Lauryn Hill - Lost Ones | Lauryn Hill - Doo Wop ( That Thing ) | Jermaine Dupri feat Jay - Z - Money Ain't a Thing | DMX feat Sheek - Get at Me Dog | Big Pun And Fat Joe - TwinzQ - Tip - Breathe And Stop | Mobb Deep feat Kool G Rap - The Realist | Dr Dre feat Snoop Doggy Dogg - Next Episode | Jay - Z - Jigga My Nigga | Dr Dre feat Snoop Doggy Dogg - Still DRE | Ol ' Dirty Bastard feat Kelis - Got Cha Money | The Notorious B.I.G. - Dead Wrong | Eminem - My Name Is | Xzibit - B Please | Slum Village feat Q - Tip - Hold Tight | Q - Tip - Vivrant Thing |
The Beatnuts - Watch Out Now | Ghostface Killah feat Raekwon - Apollo Kids | Mobb Deep feat Lil Kim - Quiet Storm ( Remix ) | BG And The Big Tymers - Bling , Bling | Nas feat Puff Daddy - Hate Me Now | Nas - Nas I Like | Pharoahe Monch - Simon SaysDMX - What 's My Name | Blak Rob - Whoa | Prodigy - Keep It Thorough | Royce Da 5 9 - Boom | Eminem feat Dido - Stan | Big L - Flamboyant | DMX - Party Up ( Up In Here ) | The LOX - Wild Out | MOP feat Busta Rhymes and Remy Martin - Ante Up ( Remix ) | Mobb Deep - USA ( Aight Then ) | Juvenile - Back That Ass Up | Wu - Tang Clan - Gravel Pit | Jay - Z feat UKG - Big Pimpin ' | Dead Prez - Hip -Hop | Big Pun - 100 Percent | Jay - Z feat Pharrell - I Just Wanna Love You | Common - The LightNas - Ether | Jay - Z feat Slick Rick , Q - Tip and Biz Markie - Girls , Girls , Girls | Mobb Deep - Cold As Ice | Outkast - So Fresh So Clean | Ludacris feat Nate Dogg - Area Codes | Jay - Z - Izzo ( H.O.V.A ) | Jadakiss - We Gonna Make
It | Dilated Peoples - Worst Comes To Worst | Missy Elliot - Get Ya Freak On | P.Diddy feat Bad Boy Family - Bad Boy For Life | Ludacris - Southern Hospitality | Bubba Sparxxx - Ugly | Redman feat DJ Kool - Let 's Get Dirty | Ludacris - Saturday Ooo Hoo | Mystikal - Danger | The Beatnuts - No Escaping
This |
The Liks - Best U Can | P Diddy feat The Neptunes - Diddy | Outkast - Ms Jackson | Erick Sermon feat Marvin Gaye - Music | Ja Rule - Livin' It Up | Busta Rhymes feat P Diddy - Pass The Courvoisier ( Part 2 ) Eminem - Without Me | NERD - Lapdance | Jay - Z - Hovi Baby | Nas - Made You Look | Noreaga - Nothin ' | The Clipse - Grindin ' | Erick Sermon - React | Punjabi MC feat Jay - Z - Beware Of The Boys | Cam'ron - Oh Boy | Talib Kwali - Get By | Nas - Get Down | Styles P - Good Times | Missy Elliot - Work It The Diplomats - Dipset Anthem | 50 Cent feat Snoop Doggy Dogg - PIMP | 50 Cent - 21 Questions | 50 Cent - Many Men | Lil Kim feat 50 Cent - Magic Stick | 50 Cent - In Da Club | Mark Ronson feat Ghostface Killah and Nate Dogg - Ooh Wee | Jay - Z feat Pharrell - Change Clothes | Pharrell - Frontin ' | Snoop Doggy Dogg feat Pharrell and Uncle Charlie - Beautiful | Kardinal Offishall - Belly Dancer | Missy Elliot - Pass That Dutch | Ludacris - Stand Up | The Neptunes feat Busta Rhymes - Light Your Ass On Fire | Beyonce feat Jay - Z - Crazy In Love | G Unit - Stunt 101 | Jay - Z - Excuse Me Miss Again | Nas - Flyest Angels | Birdman feat Lil Wayne - What Happened To That Boy | Joe Budden - Pump It Up | Lil Jon And Da Eastside Boyz - Get Low Bone |t Crusher feat Killer Mike - Never ScaredKanye West - Gold Digger | The Terror Squad - Lean Back | Snoop Doggy Dogg - Drop It Like It 's Hot | Kanye West - Jesus Walks | 50 Cent - Disco Inferno | Petey Pablo - Freak A Leak | Akon - Locked Up | 50 Cent - Candy Shop | T.I. feat Swizz Beats - Bring ' Em Out | Fabolous - Breathe | NERD - She Wants To Move | Pitbull feat Lil Jon - Culo | Outkast - Hey Ya | Twista feat Jamie Foxx and Kanye West - Slow Jamz | De La Soul feat Yummy - Much More | MF Doom - Hoe Cakes | Jadakiss - WhyJulez Santana - There It Go ( The Whistle Song ) | Ying Yang Twinz - Wait ( The Whisper Song ) | Lil Kim - Lighters Up | Young Jeezy feat Akon - Soul Survivor | Rhymefest feat Kanye West - Brand New | 50 Cent - Hustler 's Ambition | Cassidy feat Swizz Beatz - I 'm A Hustler | Kanye West - Diamonds From Sierra Leone | Kanye West feat Nas - We Major | Busta Rhymes - Touch It | The Game - Hate It Or Love It | Mobb Deep - Put Em In Their Place | Mobb Deep feat 50 Cent - Outta Control | Tony Yayo - So Seductive | The Game - Put You On To The Game | Pharrell feat Gwen Stefani - Can I Have It Like That | Common - Testify | Kanye West feat Lupe Fiasco - Touch The Sky | Three Six Mafia - Stay FlyThe Game - It 's Okay ( One Blood ) | Jim Jones - We Fly High | Nas - Hustlers | Lil Jon And Da Eastside Boyz - Snap Ya Fingers | Snoop Doggy Dogg feat B Real - Vato | Rick Ross - Hustlin ' | Lupe Fiasco - I Gotcha | T.I. - Why You Wanna | The Game - Let's Ride | Lupe Fiasco - Kick Push | Pharoahe Monch - Push | Jay - Z - Show Em What You Got | Ghostface Killah - The Champ | Chamillionaire - Riding Dirty | T.I. - What U Know | DJ UNK - Walk It Out | Young Dro Feat T.I. - Shoulder Lean | Nas - Hip -Hop Is DeadDJ Khaled - We Takin' Over | J Kwon - Tipsy | 50 Cent feat Justin Timberlake - Ayo Technology | Mims - This Is Why I 'm Hot | Lupe Fiasco - Dumb It Down | T.I. - Big Things Poppin ' | Swizz Beatz feat Lil Wayne and R Kelly - It 's Me Bitches ( Remix ) | Jay - Z - Roc Boys | KRS - One , Rakim , Kanye West and Nas - Classic | 50 Cent - I Get Money | Kanye West - Flashing Lights | Soulja Boy - Crank Dat ( Soulja Boy ) | Kanye West - Good Life | Kanye West - Stronger | Cassedy - My Drink And My 2 Step | Eve - TambourineLil Wayne - A Millie | M.I.A. - Paper Planes | T.I. feat Kanye West , Jay - Z and Lil Wayne - Swagger Like Us | Jay - Z - Brooklyn Go Hard | Lil Wayne - Mrs Officer | Jay - Z - Jockin ' Jay - Z ( Dope Boy Fresh ) | 50 Cent - Get Up | Kanye West - Love Lockdown | DJ Khaled - Out Here Grindin ' | Eminem feat 50 Cent and Dr Dre - Crack A Bottle | Common feat Pharrell - Announcement | Lupe Fiasco feat Matthew Santos - Superstar | Lil Wayne - Lollipop | Jim Jones feat Ron Browz - Pop Champagne | T.I. - Whatever You Like | Rick Ross - The Boss | 50 Cent - What Tia Told Me | Jay - Z - My President Is Black ( DC Mix ) | Jaguar Skills Outro
Even as the Obama Administration remains resolutely opposed to a Truth Commission or major criminal investigation into TortureKampf , the wagon may have already been unhitched .
Given the ten developments below , how likely is it that some sort of investigation , chartered with some sort of formal power , is n't launched ?
1. Congress is in self - protective mode , with Democrats on both sides of the aisle defending themselves from charges ( and some evidence ) that they knew everything .
2. The Republican Party now has two buy -ins .
One : that " torture " worked ( c.f. Dick Cheney 's legacy , etc. )
Two : that Democratic leaders sanctioned the techniques that were used , or appeared to , and are now trying to cover this up .
3 . A raft of upcoming / ongoing court cases involving as yet undisclosed evidence about torture and rendition .
The administration knows that they 'll lose some of these cases , and more evidence will come out .
4 . The war in Afghanistan and the question of what to do with Guantanamo detainees is vexing the Democrats now ; a torture investigation can help them move those debates into more comfortable territory by relitigating the past .
5 . The appointment of former JSOC commander in chief Stanley McChrystal to serve as the commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan .
The guy knows where all the bodies are buried .
Literally .
“ After constant growth of user engagement a few months in a row , we still find the space to grow with Adscend Media .
Their team is very responsive , willing to help and one of the best publisher networks to work with !
Our users love to engage with Adscend Media rewards ! ”
FORTALEZA , Brazil ( Reuters ) -
At a time when big financial firms are reviled by many for leading the world into crisis , a ramshackle bank on a potholed street has lessons in economic independence that are catching on around the world .
Small business owner Moeme Alves de Souza receives a loan of 100 palmas at the Banco Palmas in the Palmeiras slum in Fortaleza April 23 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Stuard Grudgings
With its own money , the palma , that is trusted and heavily used , many of the 32,000 residents of the Palmeiras slum in the northeastern Brazil city of Fortaleza go days without seeing or using Brazil ’s national currency .
Backed by the community bank that hands out zero - interest loans in the currency , the 11 - year old palma is accepted by businesses throughout the area , whose residents credit it with transforming the local economy .
It has spawned more than 30 linked community banks from the Amazon region to southeastern Espirito Santo state , up from just two in 2005 .
And lately , Palmeiras residents say , the palma has shielded them from the crisis fallout spreading through Latin America ’s biggest economy , where millions of poor struggled to get access to credit even before the financial turmoil struck .
“ The palma has helped people get over this crisis , the loans have helped give people continuity , ” said Joan Perreira de Souza , the 46 - year - old owner of a local supermarket that has expanded in recent years thanks to loans made in palmas .
“ It ’s not total protection but it is very significant . ”
Experiments in local currencies and trading schemes , whose backers say they work by keeping wealth within a community and strengthening local ties , have been around for decades .
But the crisis has sparked a new wave of interest in such models as communities , including in the United States and Europe , seek to insulate themselves from the credit crunch .
“ I think it ’s like a backstop -- if everything falls down , what would we be left with , ” said Mary Fees , secretary of Britain ’s LETS LINK UK network of local exchange trading systems .
She said there had been a surge in interest from Britons in recent months , including from those who had lost their jobs and were seeking another way to sell their skills .
Crisis - hit communities across the United States are creating or reviving their own currencies -- from the “ plenty ” in Pittsboro , North Carolina , to the “ cheers ” that is accepted by some businesses in depressed Detroit -- in a throwback to currencies known as “ scrip ” used during the Great Depression .
The benefits of local currencies could be more psychological than economic , some sceptical economists say .
Tim Harford , author of the “ The Undercover Economist ” book that explains the economics behind everyday life , said any extra money spent on local goods instead of “ imports ” would likely be canceled out by the fall in spending on community goods by outsiders .
“ If it makes people feel good , makes them think about local products , that ’s great , ” he said .
“ I just wonder if the energy it takes to set up could be used for other local projects . ”
EXCLUDED FROM CREDIT
Yet the Palmeiras slum , which was formed by residents of an uprooted fishing community in the 1970s , appears to be a model of success .
It was impossible to find skeptics on a recent day as customers lined up at the bank ’s three cashier stands to take out palma loans and make deposits .
As in most other such systems , the palma has a value at parity with the national currency but can only be used within a certain area .
Local retailers offer a 5 percent discount for purchases in palmas and say that about 30 percent of their sales are now made in the currency .
“ We found the reason we are poor is not because we do n’t have money , but that we were losing our money .
For everything we wanted to buy , money was going outside of the neighborhood , ” said Joaquin de Mello , the bank ’s general manager .
“ The crisis has shown that big , all - powerful banks without social control do n’t work because they exclude a lot of people who do n’t have access to banks . ”
That is especially true in Brazil due to double - digit interest rates and a lack of bank branches in poor areas such as the northeast and the vast Amazon region .
Brazil had less than one bank branch per 8,000 people in 2007 , fewer than in the 1980s , the government ’s Institute of Applied Economic Research said in a study released in April .
Since the crisis arrived late last year , credit offers made by the Palmas Bank have risen 15 percent as residents lost their jobs or were cut off by traditional banks , De Mello said .
A decade ago , residents had to leave Palmeiras just to get a haircut because of a lack of local businesses .
But the combination of a local currency and available credit has helped hundreds of small businesses get started , they said .
“ People outside do n’t have the same luck we do , ” said Moeme Alves de Souza , a 53 - year - old who runs a corner bar with her sick husband , after counting out her latest 100 palmas loan .
She uses palmas loans to fund her local shopping , while a loan from the bank in the national currency has helped her son expand his tire - fixing business next to the bar .
Stores throughout the community sell locally made products such as detergents with the Banco Palmas brand .
Local production keeps youths out of trouble and helps her business by improving security , said supermarket owner de Souza .
The enthusiastic De Mello has an ambitious target of 1,000 community banks in Brazil by the end of 2010 .
“ There is enormous demand , ” he said .
His advice for Wall Street ?
Go local .
“ The crisis is producing an error because banks are joining together , ” he said .
“ The lesson of crisis is that you have to decentralize and get closer to the people .
The more you merge the more you discriminate and reject . ” ( Editing by Philip Barbara )
JERUSALEM ( JTA ) — Israel ’s blockade of the Gaza Strip has left " 1.5 million people in despair , " a Red Cross report said .
The report , released Monday by the International Committee of the Red Cross , says the blockade of the coastal strip is preventing Gaza from rebuilding six months after Israel ’s military operation in Gaza .
Many homes were damaged or destroyed in the operation .
" Gaza neighborhoods particularly hard hit by the Israeli strikes will continue to look like the epicenter of a massive earthquake unless vast quantities of cement , steel and other building materials are allowed into the territory for reconstruction , " the report said .
It called on Israel to " lift import restrictions on spare parts , water pipes and building materials such as cement and steel so that homes can be rebuilt and vital infrastructure maintained and upgraded . "
The report also criticized the blockade for denying appropriate access to health care for Gazans .
" Health issues in Gaza are often politicized and patients find themselves caught up in a bureaucratic maze , " it said .
" The procedures for requesting permission to leave the territory are complicated and involve both the Palestinian and Israeli authorities . "
The report rapped Israel for stopping Red Cross - facilitated visits with their relatives in Israeli prisons , though it made no mention of the fact that Hamas has refused to allow any contact between captured Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit and either the Red Cross or his family .
Shalit has been held in Gaza for three years since being abducted in a cross - border raid .
According to the report , " People in Gaza are trapped .
Because Israel has shut the crossing points , Gazans have scant opportunity for contact with relatives abroad or for further education or professional training . "
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) -- Wells Fargo & Co. said Thursday that first - quarter earnings would surge to a record $ 3 billion , well ahead of analyst forecasts , as loan losses and loss provisions dropped from the difficult previous quarter and its mortgage business thrived .
Wells shares jumped 26 % as the bank also said its Wachovia acquisition was exceeding expectations and reported another quarter of double - digit revenue growth .
" They did n't just beat estimates , they blew them out of the water , " said Stuart Plesser , a financial - services analyst at Standard & Poor 's Equity Research .
The results suggest Wells may be able to earn enough money this year to avoid having to raise new capital in private markets , he added , lifting his recommendation on the shares to buy from hold .
Shares of other large banks , including J.P. Morgan Chase JPM , +0.94 % , Bank of America BAC , +1.01 % and U.S. Bancorp USB , +0.99 % , rallied more than 10 % after the news .
See full story .
Wells WFC , +1.50 % said first - quarter net income would be roughly $ 3 billion , or 55 cents a share , after paying dividends on preferred securities , including $ 372 million to the Treasury Department .
Analysts surveyed by FactSet Research on average expected a profit of 31 cents a share .
Combined net charge - offs in the first quarter will be $ 3.3 billion , compared with fourth - quarter net charge - offs of $ 2.8 billion at Wells Fargo and $ 3.3 billion at Wachovia .
Provisions will be about $ 4.6 billion in the quarter .
That compares with $ 8.4 billion in provisions during the fourth quarter .
Mortgage applications strong
Wells bought Wachovia last year , in the midst of the financial crisis .
Wells said Thursday that the acquisition was " exceeding expectations " and reiterated that it should save $ 5 billion a year by combining the businesses .
About 40 % of combined revenue came from Wachovia in the first quarter .
" Loan , deposit and client asset business activity has resumed [ at Wachovia ] and customers are returning , " Wells said in a statement .
Wells Fargo said it expects total revenue for the quarter to be $ 20 billion .
Excluding Wachovia , it said revenue would grow by an estimated 16 % .
Wells Fargo said its consolidated net interest margin will be about 4.1 % .
Chief Financial Officer Howard Atkins attributed the results in part to the mortgage business .
" [ There were ] $ 100 billion in mortgage originations , with a 41 % increase in the unclosed application pipeline to $ 100 billion at quarter - end , an indication of strong second - quarter mortgage originations , " said Atkins .
“ 'A lot of the losses from the Wachovia deal are behind us . ' ” — -- Howard Atkins , Wells Fargo Chief Financial Officer
The bank received $ 190 billion in mortgage applications in the first quarter , up 64 % from the previous quarter and including a record $ 83 billion in applications in March .
In a Thursday morning interview with the cable news channel CNBC , Atkins said that the results were also due to " good business flows , very good deposit inflows and extending credits . "
He added that , when Wells Fargo closed its acquisition of Wachovia , " we wrote off Wachovia 's losses in its loan portfolio . "
" A lot of the losses from the Wachovia deal are behind us , " said Atkins .
Capital
Wells Fargo also said that its dividend cut to 5 cents a share from 34 cents a share , announced on March 6 , will benefit retained earnings by about $ 1.25 billion in additional common equity per quarter .
That will bring Wells ' tangible common equity ratio , a conservative measure of banks ' financial strength , to more than 3.1 % at the end of March .
" Based on our revised earnings estimates , we think Wells Fargo can increase its tangible common equity ratio to above 3 % by the end of 2009 , " said Plesser .
" On lower expense assumptions driven by the recent Wachovia acquisition , we are raising our 2009 earnings per share estimate by 15 cents to $ 2.22 . "
Wells Fargo is scheduled to report first - quarter results April 22 .
Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger has an ambitious plan to reduce the cost of education in California .
He intends for the state to develop digital open source textbooks for high school math and science classes .
The books will be available for free and will be used at public schools across the state .
Schwarzenegger has tasked California Secretary of Education Glen Thomas with making sure that the new textbooks are ready for deployment in fall 2009 .
Thomas will be collaborating with the State Superintendent of Public Instruction and the president of the State Board of Education .
The governator will surely be able to stop the digital textbooks from gaining sentience and subjugating humanity , but there are trickier challenges that will be even tougher to defeat than the impending Skynet apocalypse .
Public education is costly in California and accounts for roughly 40 percent of the state government 's annual budget .
The state 's current financial woes have forced Schwarzenegger to search for ways to cut some of the fat out of school spending .
" As California 's budget crisis continues we must find such innovative ways to save money and improve services , " said Governor Schwarzenegger in a statement .
" California was built on innovation and I 'm proud of our state 's continued leadership in developing education technology .
This first - in - the - nation initiative will reduce education costs , help encourage collaboration among school districts and help ensure every California student has access to a world - class education . "
The idea of open source textbooks is not new , but this could be the first statewide initiative to put open content in classrooms .
The state 's high - profile adoption of freely available open source textbook material could compel other states to follow and adopt similar initiatives .
There are , however , many unanswered questions about the plan and how it will be implemented .
The governator will surely be able to stop the digital textbooks from gaining sentience and subjugating humanity , but there are trickier challenges that will be even tougher to defeat than the impending Skynet apocalypse .
Textbooks are a surprisingly controversial issue in California and there is a lot of political baggage and bureaucratic red tape that will make an open source textbook plan especially troublesome .
California 's textbook troubles could be tough to overcome
Previous efforts to build open source textbooks for California by various independent organizations have largely been unsuccessful .
One such attempt was made by an organization called the California Open Source Textbook Project ( COSTP ) in 2002 , which aimed to produce a digital K - 12 history textbook under an open license in collaboration with the Wikibooks project .
COSTP claimed that it could help California save over $ 200 million per year .
The program never gained traction and failed to produce a complete textbook .
There is already plenty of textbook - ready material available on the Internet in the public domain or under open licenses , but the real challenge is compiling and editing it so that it will meet the state 's exacting standards .
California is known for having the most demanding textbook evaluation practices in the country , with publishers forced to go to extreme lengths to meet state requirements .
The arduous review process is forcing some publishing companies to stop selling books in the state and is also a factor that has contributed significantly to the rising cost of K - 12 textbooks in California .
Among the state 's most controversial policies are those which require books to reflect society 's diversity by including representative references to individuals of minority ethnicities .
Critics say that these requirements are overly burdensome and have made political correctness a higher priority than quality in the textbook production and review process .
The situation has raised some bizarre challenges for publishers .
For example , some textbook publishing companies controversially enlist able - bodied children to pose in wheelchairs so that they have a sufficient number of pictures of " disabled " students to appease state textbook reviewers .
Now that the state is taking up the task of compiling textbook material itself , it will be forced to contend with its own labyrinthine mess of ambiguous and conflicting requirements .
It 's not a problem that one can simply crowd - source .
The open textbook development process will likely be closely scrutinized by critics and advocates on both sides of California 's divisive textbook standards debate .
These controversial issues are probably the reason why governor Schwarzenegger is currently limiting the effort to science and math rather than attempting to produce a complete suite of books across all subjects .
California has faced volatile controversy over the manner in which the history of certain religious groups are depicted in textbooks approved by the state .
One lawsuit over related textbook changes that were made in 2005 is still ongoing .
This also reflects the reasons why the traditional wiki approach is untenable for California teaching material .
Individual changes to textbooks can become a source of fierce debate and there are a multitude of special interest groups battling over what the textbooks should say and how they should say it .
It would take the concept of Wikipedia edit wars to a whole new level .
As a Californian who has watched for years with morbid fascination as the textbook battles play out in courtrooms , the media , and the state legislature , I 'm a bit skeptical that Governor Schwarzenegger 's open source textbook plan will get free books into classrooms in a timely and cost - effective manner .
The idea of open source textbooks makes a lot of sense in principle and seems like a very worthwhile undertaking , but I fear that the state will incur some hidden costs while unwrapping its own red tape .
Listing image by Helen Cook
I ’m behind on posts on the blog for personal reasons ( in a nutshell : I ’ll be back posting soon ) , and in the meantime I hope you ’ve been reading my Mommyish columns ( they can all be found right here ) .
But quickly , I wanted to take a second to address – as I did with the Aurora theater massacre , the Sandy Hook massacre , the Boston bombings , and the Trayvon Martin case – how NOT to talk about horrific , tragic events on Facebook .
And that is exactly what the Darren Wilson verdict the grand jury handed down last night is .
Completely tragic , almost beyond words .
Social media is still pretty new to us .
We do n’t always have the language to describe how we feel about a tragedy , or a monumentally important decision made by a judge or jury , but social media compels people to talk .
It prompts us to point to the elephant in the room and comment on it .
I do understand why people roll two comments into one when every post in their feed appears to be an opinion , tribute ( like the anniversary of 9/11 ) , or news link surrounding a singular subject .
They feel as though they have to acknowledge it , even if it ’s just to brush it off before getting to their current “ status , ” so instead of appearing like an oblivious moron who ’s only aware of her child ’s sleep schedule , a person like Megan can feel “ secure ” in her update .
But one of the things social media has taught us is that what matters rises to the surface .
If every post in your newsfeed is about how fucked up a country is , or how racism destroys lives and families – as many of our newsfeeds are today – that ’s a social cue .
It ’s a suggestion to reflect on what ’s important in a macrocosmic way .
To step outside of your own stupid bullshit and either say nothing ( which is always a good option ) , or constructively lend your voice to the conversation .
It ’s an indication that right now , no one needs to read about the mundane stuff .
No one cares if your kid pooped in the bath , or if he ’s babbling like a cutie patootie .
If you have a problem with that , then the problem is with YOU , and it ’s actually not funny .
Megan might think she ’s being goofy and honest by saying she “ never thought she would make a post like this , ” but when I read her “ Hahaha , ” I do n’t hear a cackle .
I hear nervous laughter , because that ’s what it should sound like .
She should be embarrassed for hijacking a story that , at its heart , is about a teenager being murdered by a cop in the streets of his hometown .
She has the luxury of knowing that her baby is still alive .
Michael Brown ’s parents , by contrast , will now attempt to celebrate their first Thanksgiving without him .
This Thanksgiving , be mindful .
Do n’t be a selfish asshole .
If you are outraged by the verdict in Ferguson , as much of the country is , and as I am , speak out .
Take action if you can .
Donate to Ferguson ’s public library .
Educate any racist friends in your newsfeed , if you have them , or unfriend them and make a statement that way .
This case has had a huge amount of publicity , but it ’s only one story out of dozens of similar stories .
We have a lot of problems in the States , but police brutality , particularly against people of color , has cast a shadow over this country for far too long .
At the very least , do n’t detract from an important narrative by brushing it off to talk about your kid ’s sleep schedule on Facebook .
If you want to post about getting a good night ’s sleep , go for it .
But do n’t mention Ferguson in your post .
No one in that town has had a good night ’s sleep since August 9th .
Have some respect by showing respect .
And do n’t think this decision does n’t or ca n’t impact you .
It does , and it will , if it has n’t already .
( submitted by Anonymous )
** UPDATE **
After linking to this post on Facebook , over 200 people unfollowed the STFUP FB page .
Many people said terrible things and exhibited , as I wrote in the thread , some of the nastiest and darkest aspects of American society in their comments .
But nothing made me feel sadder than receiving this :
This is a little boy .
He ’s just a kid .
And he ’s thrilled that a police officer wo n’t be tried for killing an unarmed teenager who then baked in the hot sun on a street for several hours .
He ’s filled with glee that the white cop got away with killing the black guy , because that ’s what his parents taught him to feel .
And he ’s standing in front of a Christmas tree , completely unaware that he ’s being groomed to have hatred in his heart , possibly for the rest of his life .
He might even grow up caring more about the gun on his hip than the humanity that surrounds him , and I find that very sad .
To me , this type of update represents the face of America ’s new generation of racists , and I wo n’t get this child ’s manufactured smirk out of my head for a long time .
He ’s a pawn in his parents ’ fucked up worldview , and they ’re using him to perpetuate some deeply ingrained prejudices that have existed for centuries .
What kind of person teaches his / her child to feel “ excitement ” over something so tragic ?
It ’s impossible for me to comprehend .
Rebuilding Rapture : Choices And BioShock 2
By Chris Remo
The original Ken Levine - led BioShock had high expectations , but even greater success than anyone expected -- it was a mainstream hit , and welcomed a huge number of gamers , including shooter fans , RPG enthusiasts , and gamers who play for the story .
How to reconcile all of those audiences while building the sequel is one of the major issues the 2 K Marin team must contend with on BioShock 2 -- the studio's first title .
Building a sequel to a beloved game is a delicate enterprise , moreso when you doing it with a whole new studio .
Alyssa Finley , executive producer at 2 K Marin , may have worked on the original BioShock along with small core of fellow veterans , but most of the studio's staff was new to the franchise .
Here , Finley , along with series newcomer and lead designer Zak McClendon , lay out the thinking behind building the sequel to BioShock , explaining what 's required when approaching a property so many people have fallen in love with .
One thing is clear : the team has spent a lot of time worrying about that very issue .
Just as illustrative is discussion of the process and logic that lead to the way decisions are being made while development of the game is still underway .
And of course , while perhaps most frequently praised for its atmosphere and narrative , BioShock is also about gameplay choices for the player .
The tension of building a game that integrates story and gameplay has been a major factor in creating BioShock 2 , and is a core concern for McClendon .
He reveals his thoughts on the matter here .
Alyssa , you largely assembled the 2 K Marin team after BioShock shipped , right ?
How did it come about ?
Alyssa Finley :
We got to the point [ at 2 K Boston ] where we knew we had more projects to do than we had teams to do them , so 2 K came to me and said , " Hey , what do you think ?
We noticed that you still have a [ San Francisco ] 415 area code on your cell phone .
What do you think about potentially coming back to California ? " , which is where I had been for 12 years beforehand .
It started with figuring out who the original eight people from Boston , who those would be -- who 's excited by the opportunity .
Then we all moved our things across the country and started the recruiting process here .
The notion came up in late September [ 2007 ] , and we were out in Novato by November .
From there , we hired the rest of the team .
In the first year , we got up to 35 or 40 people .
Now we have more than 60 just at 2 K Marin .
But I think every time we got somebody in , from then on , it was the crew of us trying to build the team together .
I do n't want to take credit for it as an individual thing .
Zak McClendon :
But you still do pretty much interview everybody who comes into the building for at least a half - hour .
Zak , how did you get involved ?
Was there just a job posting , and you applied ?
AF : We recruited him heavily .
[ laughs ]
ZM : A little bit of both , actually .
There was a job opening , so I knew about it , but I also had met [ creative director ] Jordan [ Thomas ] years ago when we were both under the Eidos umbrella , when he was at Ion Storm and I was working at Crystal Dynamics .
That was when I first talked to him , and he remembered me from that , and had apparently been trying to recruit me out of Crystal without my knowing , because I was shielded from it .
But we had some projects winding down there , so I was looking for other stuff , and I got in contact with the people here and met a really great team .
Coming in as someone who did n't work on BioShock , how do you approach the role as lead designer ?
A good number of the other leads -- creative director , art lead , lead level designer -- all are from 2 K Boston .
ZM : Ultimately , the same way you approach designing any kind of game , with the great advantage of it being a sequel and having a lot of things already figured out .
There 's also the advantage that BioShock went through a lot of different iterations and focus , and a lot of different things were tried , spending a lot of time delving into that history and finding out why those decisions were made and how they went from having , say , 50 different plasmids to the 12 that shipped with the game .
It was a matter of trying to take advantage of all that learned knowledge , which did n't necessarily transplant over with every single person .
The challenge has always been , on a gameplay side , that BioShock is so different for different people .
And there are people who absolutely love to use bees for the entire game , and then there are other people who are like , " That is the stupidest thing in the game .
I do n't know why it 's there .
Let 's get rid of it . "
There are lots of different opinions , and really trying to respect that diversity in the design and foster all those play styles was the core approach that we took early on .
Who are the different kinds of players who play BioShock ?
It 's everything from hardcore FPS people who are approaching it the exact same way they would play a Halo game , to people who are kind of only there for the story and are creeping their way through this world , terrified .
That was the biggest triumph from BioShock , from a gameplay perspective -- taking a game that had so much diversity in gameplay and systems , and so much depth , and making something really acceptable to people that a really wide audience could enjoy , and ignore the things that they did n't enjoy .
We 're trying to maintain that while taking each one of those play styles , supplying more tools , more interactivity , and more depth without alienating any of those .
It would be very easy to say , " We 're going to really appeal to the shooter audience , " or the story audience , but we 're trying to grow each of those things and add more depth across the board without cutting anybody out of the loop .
AF : I will say it was a really good thing for us to have some folks who came from an outside point of view .
During BioShock , the times we made the most progress on the game were when somebody came in and challenged assumptions that we had had for a long time , [ keeping us from saying ] , " No , we know what kind of game we 're making . "
I think it was a really good process for us to not get entrenched , not to have just a whole set of old - school people saying , " I know my BioShock , and it 's all about this ! "
Having new voices in the mix who did n't go through every single painful decision , who did n't know the tortured saga of the bees and how they got from where there were going to be fewer bees in the universe to the number of bees we have -- whatever it was .
What are the challenges in making a sequel immediately after the original game , with this team ?
ZM : Addressing it with a fresh perspective is part of it .
I think the real challenge with building any team is getting all those people to know each other , understand how they work , understand their strengths and weaknesses , and operate as one group .
It 's building a sequel that you know a lot of people did n't work on , coming to a consensus of what the core of that game is , what really is BioShock and is n't BioShock .
Early on , we did have a lot of discussions where people would say , " We can't do that .
That 's not BioShock , " or , " We can't move away from that .
That 's the core of BioShock , " trying to come to a team - wide consensus on what the franchise means and what makes a BioShock a BioShock , and what we absolutely could n't live without .
Very carefully , we 're departing or adding something new , and striking out in a new direction in a way that the whole team believes in and feels is complementary to the design that already exists there .
It 's a slow process of trying to get consensus and excitement of what we 're going to keep and what we 're going to add .
It 's pretty straightforward .
AF : One of the real opportunities we have with doing it quickly after the original is there are always some things that you do n't have time to do the way you wanted to , or the way you dreamed you could have done .
One of the main questions we got asked a lot was , " Why ca n't you go underwater ?
I 'm in an underwater city .
I put on a Big Daddy suit .
Why can't I go underwater ? "
When we picked up , we said , " We 're going to be in Rapture in BioShock 2 .
What are some things that we ought to be doing ? "
And that was one of the really intuitive ones that came out of it .
Being close to it helped the team be close to it .
ZM : But there really are a whole lot of questions .
We had to go through a process where pretty much every single element of the BioShock design was interrogated and questioned .
" What does it really add to the game ? "
We actually went through a process where every one of those things gets written down on tiny little cards , and we put them on a giant board to mix and match and remove and change their priority , holistically looking at how they changed the game we 're making .
The bees keep turning up , so -- not to turn this into a " How many weapons are in your game ? " interview -- are there bees still in the game ?
ZM : Yeah , the bees are still in .
AF : Hell yes !
ZM :
There are a lot of things in the design that not everyone cares about , but the people who do care about them care about them very , very deeply .
If we were to remove that thing , I do n't know what you would do .
How would Alyssa actually play the game if there were no bees ?
AF : Decoys .
I would just put decoys in to every room , and I would run through .
My whole thing is non-confrontation .
ZM : She 's a non-confrontational player .
She 's a manipulator -- that 's we call her play style .
It 's , " I want someone else to play .
I 'm going to stand here in the corner and watch everything go down .
I do n't want anybody shooting at me . "
Is there an equivalent for the guy in BioShock who is a total wrench maniac and uses nothing else ?
ZM : Yeah .
Obviously , we have the drills .
It 's a little bit more robust than the wrench .
Every weapon does have a gun butt now .
So we 're still supporting the melee playthrough .
There are a lot of weird things like that in BioShock .
Some people saw it as a criticism -- " I can play the whole game with a wrench . "
And then some people really enjoyed it -- " I can play the whole game with a wrench ! "
There were all these different upgrades and tonics .
You got the stealth upgrade that let you hit guys behind and kill them with a wrench .
We tried to add more depth to those different kinds of play styles , but we 're also trying to not eliminate any of them , because that 's one of the core tenets .
One of our principles that came out of BioShock is to say yes to the player and to support every kind of player you possibly can .
Do you see any validity in the criticism that BioShock was too easily " gamed " ?
People have taken issue not just with the ability to go full wrench specifically , but generally with being able to just figure out one optimal Big Daddy strategy and do that forever , for example .
ZM : Yeah , absolutely .
But like I said , in terms of embracing what BioShock did well , part of that actually is , I feel , a strength .
There is so much diversity in the toolset , and there are so many different tactics you can use .
A large part of that is if you find something that makes you feel clever and strong , that 's fantastic .
If you do it until you 're bored , that 's not fantastic .
We definitely want to support those combinations -- that combinatory gameplay is at the heart of BioShock .
But we do want to make sure there are enough challenges and diversity , and that you 're going to be not necessarily forced , but encouraged to change it up every once in a while .
Whether that 's something as simple as " I run out of that ammo type , so I have to switch weapons , " or " I run into enemies that this tactic does n't work on as well , " we just try to take the approach of baiting the player towards things they want to do instead of punishing them into doing it .
The easy fix would be like , " We 're sick of everybody always electro - bolting and wrenching people , so we 're going to introduce enemies who are immune to electrical halfway through the game , " and then say , " Haha , you ca n't use that . "
That ends up really frustrating because they player was shot down from something they wanted to do .
We take a pretty balanced approach of trying to make sure there 's nothing broken when the player is getting bored of doing the same thing over and over again , but still supporting those extreme edge cases of , " If I do five things in a row , I can win against every enemy . "
If you figured that out , great .
Good for you .
If you attach ten proximity mines to a physics object , and then throw it a Big Daddy , you can pretty much kill him in one shot , and you can play against every single Big Daddy like that .
But if you figured that out and it 's satisfying for you , that 's great -- but we are trying to do some things on the AI side and on the core balance side to encourage you to switch it up a little bit .
The same goes for the Little Sisters , the harvest or save mechanics .
One of the dangers when you try to mesh mechanics and story themes together is that there are some players who will end up disengaging from one or the other , and they will only play on the story side or the mechanics side .
But I think the payoff of marrying those things together thematically is worth it .
That , I think , will always be a criticism of any game .
It 's the same thing with the Star Wars games .
Is the player choosing evil because they like being evil , or do they just want lightning at the end of it ?
You can't tell .
I think it 's a good enough trade - off to try and support those things .
There will be some players who say , " I know what you are doing .
I 'm just gonna game the system , " but that happens with any kind of gameplay system .
I did find , however , that my enjoyment of the gameplay aspects of BioShock shot way up once I started consciously using unusual weapon combinations ; for the first several hours I was just falling into the same patterns , and it got a bit repetitive .
The one angle is to support any style the player wants , but do you worry that if you 're too open - ended , the player might not even realize some of the fun things they could be doing ?
ZM : Part of it is simply advertising the rewards and encouraging you in a way that is n't requiring anything .
If a player requires something for him or herself , they own that solution , and they feel invested in it , and they feel very clever .
If you just pop up a giant text box , it 's , " Well , the game told me how to do that .
I do n't feel particularly empowered or clever or smart or fast . "
You have to figure out ways through the game itself to advertise these things or encourage the player to try them out .
One of the big ones we 're trying to do is moving the research system over from just taking pictures of guys to really encouraging that combinatory gameplay and giving you rewards for how diverse you are , how many of the combinations you have discovered , and ingraining that into systemic aspects of the game .
The idea is , " Here 's a complexity ramp that I can try to climb over the course of the game . "
With those , players will stumble across things as they incorporate them into their play style .
That 's one of the biggest systemic ways we 're trying to do it , and the other part of it is just advertising those rewards a little better .
With research in Bio 1 , people did n't know what they were going to get out of the other end of that system .
We 're also supplying more depth to the tools themselves .
One of the big things we 're doing is that all the plasmids ramp up in complexity , and you can upgrade them a couple times over the course of the game , and they open up more developed tactics and usage for that specific tool .
Even if you do just love using the electro bolt , electro bolt itself changes a little over the course of the game , and what you can use it for changes a little bit over the course of the game , so it 's not simply a numerical " it shocks guys for longer , and I can get better at the thing I 've been doing over and over again . "
But yes , it 's definitely one of the biggest challenges , and it 's always very tempting to simply require the player to do the interesting thing .
What you get from that is that the player sees it ; it gets in front of them .
What you lose from that is any sort of feeling of investment : " I chose to do that , and I 'm a smart guy . "
You mentioned the balancing act and tension between overtly game - like elements and the less tangible story or thematic elements , even in a game like BioShock , which is one of the most widely - applauded games in the arena of doing interesting things with both simultaneously .
How much do you think that ongoing tension is intrinsic to the medium , and how much is a result of game design still figuring it out ?
AF : At the end of the day , the best games are ones where the people making them are passionate about them .
I do n't think it should be the new trend in game design , that everybody should say , " Oh , BioShock did it , so we better do it , too . "
I do n't have a very grand philosophical point other than I think it 's down to where a developer 's passion lies .
You make things that you believe in , and if you make something you believe in and people respond to it , that sticks out .
ZM : I tend to agree with that .
I 'm not a very big fan of prescriptive future of game design .
That 's what I love about games as a medium , that there is so much diversity .
If you look at the novel or movies , those have gotten very stabilized in terms of what people expect from them , but coming into a game , a game still is the kind of thing that could be anything .
It 's one medium that encompasses everything from Tetris to BioShock , and people see them as the same kind of experience in a way .
It 's what makes it feel so alive to me .
I think the challenge for storytelling in games is you really have to commit to it being one of your highest goals , because it requires a certain kind of gameplay and a certain kind of story , and you have to make sure those things are married together .
Usually the places where it gets hard is when you are trying to do a certain kind of game and a certain kind of story , and those things are n't thematically welded together in a way that makes it easy for you .
I think one of the reasons BioShock managed to be a game with such systemic complexity but still very immersive from the story , is that they put it in a place that nobody knew .
And if you took the same approach , and the game took place in New York City , you would have a lot harder of a time figuring out why there are ammo vending machines on every corner .
You end up having to build the entire setting around contextualizing the gameplay that you want to make sense within that area , so it requires both parties on the story and the gameplay side to really be committed to doing that and kind of leaving behind the things that do n't end up working for that .
In BioShock , for example , it was eschewing third - person storytelling altogether .
That 's a fantastic tool for storytellers to get things across , but if you 're trying to sell a certain kind of story , you do n't get to use that tool .
Same thing with the logs .
People complained about the logs not being high budget enough , that they seem a little chintzy , but they allow you tell a kind of story in an interactive environment that you just simply would n't be able to do .
If you took all the logs from BioShock 1 and tried to make them into a first - person cutscene that you go to see play out , they would either be impossible from a production perspective or , honestly , deadly boring .
They would be really boring to watch because a lot of them are just sort of inner monologue .
You do n't see that in games a whole lot .
What I 'm saying is it requires fitting the story you 're telling to the format of the storytelling , to thematic unity with the gameplay elements .
If you have a bunch of people working in parallel saying , " We 're going to make the best game we can , and we 're going to make the best story we can , and then let 's try to match them to get at some point , " it 's always going to be really hard .
You kind of have to grow those things in parallel in a way that 's going to make sense .
And that probably is one of the hardest things you can try to do .
I was talking to the Army of Two guys about how those two games are set essentially in the modern world .
They were saying making that choice ends up being costly to make in a lot of ways , because people know the real world so well that it 's the developer 's responsibility to actual model it extremely convincingly .
But then you 've brought up a slightly different angle , which is that so much of what we 're used to in a game from a mechanical standpoint would be hard to fit into the real world .
ZM : And people can spot that game - iness and that contrivance in a real - world environment really , really easily .
If you look at some of the best storytelling games , they take something that is familiar in the real world and do it just enough to allow them some flexibility .
Even something like Half - Life 2's City 17 is very recognizable .
It 's very real .
But it 's just disconnected enough from our reality that the things they need to help tell the story and keep the gameplay going do n't seem out of place .
Another interesting tactic for that , honestly , is parody and satire .
One of the reasons GTA works so well is that a lot of it is very satirical and funny .
When you have that environment , things do n't stick out as badly for players because they identify it as an exaggerated view of something they recognize .
That 's why having restaurants restore health in GTA ends up not breaking up your immersion in the world .
That 's honestly the best tactic for doing games within a real world setting .
Can you speak at all about where you 're falling along the spectrum of making a game that tries to really expand on its predecessor and offer a new angle on its concept , and a game that tries to hone in on and improve and bolster what made the predecessor work ?
AF : That 's something we talked a lot about , and we still talk a lot about -- being able to balance between somebody who 's played the first game three times and researched everything and figured out every trick in the book , versus somebody who 's just saying , " Yeah , my friend played that .
I guess it 's okay . "
It is a tough balancing act .
The first thing we did , and I think one of the key changes in perspective from BioShock to BioShock 2 is that BioShock was an outsider 's story .
It was about somebody who does n't know anything about what 's going on locked into a place and discovering it for the first time .
And you , the player , are discovering it with them .
The perspective change for BioShock 2 is that it's an insider 's story .
It 's somebody who exists in this world and lives in this world .
We 're not saying that you had to have played BioShock to play BioShock 2 -- not at all .
You could have seen the picture of Big Daddy and said , " Okay , that 's me .
I 'm going to imagine what that fantasy is , and now I get to live it . "
But for somebody who did come in from the first game , they 've got a little more context about who that guy is and what he might be able to do , and then hopefully we surprise you a little bit with what you actually can do in the game .
ZM : It 's about picking very strong key departures .
The biggest one obviously is playing a Big Daddy .
That comes with a lot of expectations and surprises on our end in terms of how that changes the gameplay and how that changes how people expect the game to play , in terms of the toolset you get to use , in terms of how people should treat you , in terms of how you interact with the world .
A lot of the design actually grew out of that core concept of , " We decided you 're going to play a Big Daddy .
What should that mean for the rest of the game ? "
All the Little Sister adoption stuff grew out of that , honestly .
Once we made a choice to change the context for the player , supporting that really took on a life of its own in a way that this is what we know we 're going to have to do in order for us to fulfill that goal of saying , " You 're the Daddy . "
I think it 's allowed us to get a little more clarity on keeping some of the other things .
We could have fallen into a mire of completely reinventing everything in the entire game , and that let us target more of the reinventions around the player experience .
For our first sequel , that was one of the best ways you can keep a lot of the core parts of the game that people understand , while making it feel like it 's coming from a different perspective .
The same goes for Rapture ; we do n't want to throw anything out where people are going to say it's no longer a BioShock to them without it .
But we have to change enough that they 're not bored , that they do n't know exactly what to expect throughout the entire game .
If you can choose to never adopt a Little Sister , that means you 'll never have to guard her , so you 'll never have those Little Sister - centric battles with the Big Sister .
Can you then dramatically reduce the amount of time you spend fighting that character just by doing that ?
ZM : Yeah , you can .
This is part of what I was talking about in terms of trusting player choices and trusting how much you feel like you want to be involved with the system .
If we have n't done our job to make it seem interesting enough for you to interact with something in the game , a lot of times we are not going to force you .
If that means parts of the story or parts of the world do n't seem as interesting to you as a consequence , we are not going to rub your nose in our game design .
Obviously , as a major story character , there are places where every player will definitely run into Big Sister , but it 's the same thing with BioShock 1 .
You could play through BioShock and ignore Big Daddies the entire game .
You could .
Most people did n't .
That 's the model for that goal .
If you make it optional but highly attractive , the player owns it in a way that feels like they chose to engage with that thing .
They 're much more attached to it .
If you lock the player into a room every three hours of gameplay and force them to experience your awesome content , they 're going to get annoyed , they 're going to tune out .
They 're going to turn off the game at that point and just never come back because you 're making them do a thing they do n't want to do anymore .
That 's really hard from a development perspective .
With tons of people working on this stuff very hard , they bring up the issue , saying , " Really ?
We 're just going to let people coast through and never see this ?
Are you sure ? "
You have to trust the player , and you have to trust your ability to make those things attractive enough .
If you can't make people want it , forcing them to do it is n't the right decision in the most cases .
AF : " Say yes to the player " is a frustrating rule to live by .
Sometimes you have to say yes to things that you totally did n't want to say yes to .
But at the same time , respecting the player is a core value of ours .
If we start telling you what to do , are you playing a BioShock game ?
What if we say , " Could you please do exactly what we say now ?
If you do these things , when you do them , we 'll open the door . "
That 's often not how games with strong story components tend to work , philosophically -- with some exceptions , obviously .
ZM : Beyond that , a lot of people that will tune out the stories in games .
They 'll say , " Yeah , you know what ?
Most games , I do n't really pay attention to the story .
I do n't really care .
But for some reason , I liked it in BioShock .
I paid attention to it . "
I really do think part of it is that it 's optional , with us allowing them to come to the story instead of shoving it down their throat in a lot of cases .
But it 's really , really hard to do because you do have to be committed to that .
You do have to be committed to player agency .
You 've probably been asked this a million times , so I apologize , but I 'll ask again .
To a lot of players , I think BioShock encapsulated an extremely strong self - contained metaphor about various things -- the danger of unchecked hubris , science , capitalism , regulation , and all those things .
It was about a city that had failed .
It seemed like a very final statement .
How do you address that ?
ZM : I 'm making a BioShock 2 .
That 's how we 're addressing it .
[ laughs ]
But no , it is obviously really hard .
The worst thing about following up something that is truly great like that is the amount of second - guessing you can do and how paralyzed you can get .
You think , " Oh God , is this going to have the same impact ? "
But at a certain point , you do have to strike out on your own and do something that is different and not worry too much about whether it 's going to have the same effect on people .
If you just focus on that , you 'll never move at all .
AF : You could get caught up in going , " Can we hit exactly the same philosophical notes once again ? "
Or you can say , " Look , at the end of the day , everybody wants an interesting character .
Frank Fontaine was an interesting character .
If our notion is that we want to make sure that we continue to tell stories about interesting stories that the player can get engaged with or not , that they can participate in as much or as little of their narrative arc as the player chooses , then it 's a lot easier of a question to solve .
From my point of view , we 've met the challenge of whether we provide interesting characters that give the player a similar experience , that give the player something that they can dig their teeth into .
And maybe at the end of the game , we 've talked a little about the world we live in based on what we saw and the game we 've put together .
ZM : It 's up to us to try .
It 's up to the audience to judge whether we succeed .
It 's really hard for us to say , " Yes , we 're absolutely doing it . "
Of course we 're trying to do it .
But ultimately , saying it one way or the other right now does n't mean a whole lot until people get a chance to play the game for themselves .
Return to the full version of this article
Copyright © UBM
Tech ,
All rights reserved
Tara Vreeland
NewsOn6
June 12 , 2009
TULSA , OK — EMT Maurice
White says he is , in a way , glad that the scuffle with the Oklahoma Highway Patrol trooper happened because it means problems will be addressed and dealt with .
He also tells The News On 6 he is looking for accountability from the OHP .
“ This situation can never happen again , ” said Maurice White .
[ efoods ]
Maurice
White does n’t want to see anyone else in the position he was in at the business end of a choke - hold from Oklahoma Highway Patrol Trooper Daniel Martin .
But ,
White thinks it will happen again to someone else unless some questions are answered .
“ Whatever we have to make sure that that never occurs again and that some definitive light is shed on the problems with the OHP , we will go forward and do it whatever that takes , ” said Maurice White .
White says even when flattened against his ambulance , he was worried about the patient in the back .
It was a woman suffering from possible heat exhaustion whom he and his partner were taking to a hospital .
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
More than 300 elite Scotland Yard detectives are suspected of defrauding the taxpayer of millions of pounds by abusing their corporate credit cards , the Observer can disclose .
Auditors who have examined the American Express accounts of 3,500 officers involved in countering terrorism and organised crime have reported almost one in 11 detectives to the Metropolitan Police 's internal investigators .
A senior officer appears to have spent £ 40,000 on his Amex card in one year , without authorisation .
Items bought by others without permission include suits , women 's clothing and fishing rods .
The scale of the suspected fraud , disclosed in an internal Metropolitan Police Authority report , will send shock waves through the force .
Until now , the investigation into expenses fraud was thought to have focused on fewer than 40 officers .
It comes days after Sir Paul Stephenson , the Met Commissioner , faced the potentially damaging disclosure that six officers face investigation over claims that a drug suspect 's head was forced into a lavatory that was flushed repeatedly .
Authority members expressed their dismay last night .
Jenny Jones , a Green Party member , said : " Taxpayers have every right to be angry about this .
Well done to the current auditing team for uncovering this , but what on earth was happening before ?
Why was there no accountability ?
" It beggars belief that our police , who are supposed to be solving crime , are suspected of fraud on a grand scale . "
Auditors at the Metropolitan Police Authority have spent two years examining receipts from the accounts of more than 3,500 officers .
The Amex cards were issued in 2006 to detectives from specialist operations , which includes counter - terrorism and those involved in diplomatic and royalty protection .
The scheme was then extended to the specialist crime directorate , which counters organised crime , as well as conducting sensitive inquiries such as the cash - for - honours investigation .
The cards were for travel and subsistence , so that officers did not have to spend their own money while on long - running investigations away from their Scotland Yard base .
Sources have told the Observer that some detectives had fallen into the habit of withdrawing hundreds of pounds at a time from cashpoints .
Other officers appear to have filled in blank receipts from restaurants to account for cash payments .
One source said : " Some people bought three - piece suits while in the far east and claimed that they needed them for work .
But it would not have taken much nous to realise that it was 45C in the shade , and not the weather for a waistcoat . "
The number of suspected fraudsters will be presented to the Met at a meeting tomorrow .
A report by Peter Tickner , the head of internal audit at the Metropolitan Police Authority , states that it has finished examining the Amex accounts of all officers .
" In excess of 300 police officers have been referred to the Directorate of Professional Standards [ DPS ] by my staff and 46 of these have become formal investigations overseen by the Independent Police Complaints Commission , " he wrote .
Only detectives suspected of overcharging by more than £ 1,000 have been referred to the DPS .
Its investigators are believed to be examining hundreds of files .
The use of Amex cards was halted in December 2007 .
A number of officers have already been arrested in connection with the investigation .
Last month , three officers were arrested for allegedly making " inflated " expenses claims while investigating the 7 July bombings .
They were suspected of misusing corporate credit cards while they were based in Leeds examining the backgrounds of the suicide bombers .
THE NEW YORK TIMES , MONDAY , JUNE 11 , 1979 A19
Tortures Teachers
By A.J. Langguth
LOS ANGELES 
A few months ago , I received some clippings of interviews with a former Federal Intelligence agency official .
That operative , Jesse Leaf , had been involved with the agencys activities in Iran , and well into the stories Mr. Leaf made some damning accusations .
He said that the C.I.A. sent an operative to teach interrogation methods to SAVAK , the Shahs secret police , that the training included instructions in torture , and the techniques were copied from the Nazis .
Reading through the clippings , I could think of several reasons why the accusations had not been featured prominently .
Mr. Leaf could not , or did not , supply the name of the instructor , his victims would be hard to locate ; and the testimony from opponents of the Shah would be suspect .
But there is still another reason that I take to be the truest one :
We  and I mean we as Americans  dont believe it .
We can read the accusations , even examine the evidence and find it irrefutable .
But , in our hearts , we cannot believe that Americans have gone abroad to spread the use of torture .
We can believe that public officials with reputations for brilliance can be arrogant , blind or stupid .
Anything but evil .
And when the cumulative proof becomes overwhelming that our representatives in the C.I.A. or the Agency for International Development police program did in fact teach torture , we excuse ourselves by vilifying the individual men .
This has been on my mind since I returned from Cuba recently .
In Havana , I had tried to hunt down a former double agent , a Cuban named Manuel , who was said to have information about United States involvement with torture in Latin America .
Manuel had revealed his true sympathies by leaving his job with the C.I.A. in Montevideo and returning to his homeland .
But from his editor I learned that Manuel , whose full name turned out to be Manuel Hevia Conculluela , would be out of the country the entire time I was in Cuba .
I could , however , get a copy of the book he had published six months earlier , " Pasaporte 11333 , Eight Years With the C.I.A . "
Mr. Hevia had served the C.I.A. in Uruguays police program .
In 1970 , his duties brought him in contact with Dan Mitrione , the United States policy adviser who was kidnapped by the Tupamaro revolutionaries later that year and shot to death when the Uruguayan Government refused to save him by yielding up politician prisoners .
Mr. Mitrione has become notorious throughout Latin America .
But few men ever had the chance to sit with him and discuss his rationale for torture .
Mr. Hevia had once .
Now , reading Mr. Hevias version , which I believe to be accurate , I see that I too had resisted acknowledging how drastically a mans career can deform him .
I was aware that Mr. Mitrione knew of the tortures and condoned them .
That was bad enough .
I could not believe even worse of a family man .
A Midwesterner .
An American .
Thanks to Mr. Hevia , I was finally hearing Mr. Mitriones true voice :
" When you receive a subject , the first thing to do is to determine his physical state , his degree of resistance , through a medical examination .
A premature death means a failure by the technician .
" Another important thing to know is exactly how far you can go given the political situation and the personality of the prisoner .
It is very important to know beforehand whether we have the luxury of letting the subject die
" Before all else , you must be efficient .
You must cause only the damage that is strictly necessary , not a bit more .
We must control our tempers in any case .
You have to act with the efficiency and cleanliness of a surgeon and with the perfection of an artist
A few months later , Mr. Mitrione paid with his life for those excesses .
Five years late , thanks to the effort of such men as former Senator James Abourezk , the police advisory program was finally abolished .
But few of the accomplices in torture have ever been called to account .
Years ago in open hearings , Senator Frank church tried to force some admissions but his witnesses sidestepped his staffs sketchy allegations .
Given the willingness of congress to accept the C.I.A.s alibis about national security , I dont think any other public hearings would fare better .
But neither Jimmy Carter nor Adm. Stansfield Turner , the Director of Central Intelligence , is implicated in those past cruelties , and the President should call on Admiral Turner for a complete internal investigation and a full report .
If he wants Vice President Mondale to oversee the effort , all the better .
They can start with Operation Bandierantes in S�o Paolo , Brazil , continue with manual Hevias expos� of practices in Uruguay , and then move on to Child , Iran , and Southeast Asia .
If , at the end , the President can assure us that no American who taught or condoned torture is still working for the C.I.A. or any other agency of the Government , I know that at least we will want to believe him .
A.J. Langguth is the author of " Hidden Terrors , " a book about the Central Intelligence Agency in Latin America .
http://chss.montclair.edu/english/furr/langguthleaf.html | furrg@alpha.montclair.edu | last modified 21 Jun 1999
( Newser ) – The fallout from Friday ’s Iranian presidential elections could turn bloody , with attempts to oust or even assassinate Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and even the Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei , a well - connected Iranian source tells Steve Clemons of the Washington Note .
The election “ coup by the right wing ” has sparked a civil war among Iran ’s revolutionaries , the source says , leaving Ahmadinejad “ genuinely scared of Iranian society . ”
Fearful of reformists like Mir Hossein Mousavi , “ Ahmadinejad will try to have them imprisoned and killed , ” and they will attempt retaliation by “ doing away with ” him and Khamenei .
Clemons is n’t convinced his source knows all , but nonetheless remains “ impressed with the seriousness of the discussion we had and his own concern that there may be political killing sprees ahead . ”
( Read more Iran stories . )
I ’m working on the loop syntax in Magpie right now , and I think I more or less have the plan figured out .
Looping is a bit tricky in a language : there ’s a ton of different ways to do it from C’s basic for ( i = 0 ; i < 100 ; i++ ) to Lisp ’s super - powerful ( and super - complex ) loop macro .
My goals for loops are the same as my goals for the language in general :
Add as few new keywords as possible .
Use function calls for as much of it as possible .
There must be no visible line between “ baked - in ” loop functions and user - defined ones .
The most common use cases should be the most terse .
The last point is especially pertinent , and is one of the guiding philosophies of the language : the things users do the most should be the most terse .
Sort of like Huffman encoding for a language .
To do that , I did a little archaeology : I looked at every place in the Magpie C# compiler where I ’m using for or foreach .
The results are :
There are 14 for loops and 40 foreach ones .
9 of the for loops are to iterate through two arrays in parallel .
3 of the for loops are to iterate backwards .
2 of the for loops are to assign to array elements .
1 of the for loops is to iterate a certain number of times .
None of the for or foreach loops reuse an existing variable for the current item .
From this , it ’s pretty clear that I need to focus on iterating through collections ( i.e. enumerators or generators ) , and assume that the user wants a new variable for the current item .
Also , iterating through multiple collections simultaneously should be fairly easy to do .
This leads me to adding just one new keyword :
for < var > <- < generator > do ... end
In addition , multiple for clauses can be provided ( but only one do ) to iterate through multiple collections in parallel .
I still need to work out the details , but I ’m thinking that that will be syntactic sugar for :
// evaluate the generator expression once def _generator <- Generate < generator > // advance to the first item _generator .
MoveNext while Not _generator .
Is Done do def < var > <- _generator .
Current ... _generator .
MoveNext end
Using that , the use cases I have can be solved by :
// iterating through a collection for item <- someList do Print item end // iterating multiple collections in lockstep for a <- someList1 for b <- someList2 do Print ( a == b ) .
String end // iterating backwards for item <- Reverse someList Print item end // assigning to array elements for index <- array .
Indexes array .
index <- 0 end // iterating a fixed number of times for i <- 50 .
Times Print i .
String end // iterating through a range for i <- Range ( 10 , 30 ) Print i .
String end
S. 1013 authorizes the Department of Energy to conduct a program to demonstrate ten commercial - scale integrated geologic storage projects , and provides a framework for selection criteria for these demonstrations .
Importantly , the bill addresses the long term - stewardship challenges associated with demonstration , including both long - term monitoring requirements and liability protection .
Overview of Bill
Calgary , Alberta - Theo De Raadt , founder of the security - minded OpenBSD operating system , has announced plans to launch a series of television commercials to battle software giants Microsoft and Apple .
From the beginning of the first " I'm a Mac . .. " ad , OpenBSD has seen a sharp decline in users from the hip 18 - 35 demographic .
As Microsoft and Apple have slugged it out on the television set , OpenBSD has seen fewer and fewer installations from sorority girls , coffee shop denizens , and young entrepreneurs .
The notoriously razor - tongued De Raadt said , " These pigs wallow in their couches for hours and blindly gorge themselves on whatever slop comes out of the idiot box .
But to stay competitive in this tough global economy we have to increase our user base in any way we can . "
The OpenBSD spot features a celebrity cast with artist Yoko Ono playing the Mac , game show host Ben Stein playing the PC , and actor Vin Diesel playing OpenBSD .
The commercial begins when Vin Diesel , sitting in a Lamborghini with a Gatling gun mounted on the top , says , " What have you got there , Mac ? "
The camera focuses on a dazed Yoko Ono who has a wheelbarrow brimming with cash .
The money then dematerializes to be replaced by a MacBook .
" Ooooh , so pretty ! " Ono coos , caressing the MacBook .
" I 'm an artist , you know . " she continues in a sing - song voice .
" Yes , an artist and ... , "
Ono pauses to swallow a large handful of pills , " ... a LEOPARD ! "
With that , the famous wife of John Lennon strips off her clothing , and engages in a disjointed performance of lunges , gyrations , and somersaults .
Screeching in a warbling voice , Ono sings , " I 'm a cat .
I 'm a kitty - cat !
And I dance dance dance , and I * whip* * whip* * whip * ! "
Ono punctuates her refrain by vigorously lashing herself with the cord of an Apple MagSafe power adapter .
Ending her routine in a tendon - wrenching split , the nude and bloodied Yoko Ono stares into the camera for a closeup .
Wild - eyed she says , " I 'm a Mac , and I killed the Beatles . "
The camera returns to a skeptical Vin Diesel who says condescendingly , " That 's nice , Mac .
And what are you up to , PC ? "
Ben Stein is shown knee deep in sludge at the bottom of a porta - potty tank .
Stein waves up at the camera and calls cheerfully , " Hey there , OpenBSD ! " Vin Diesel wrinkles his nose and replies , " Uh , what are you doing down there , PC ? "
In response , Stein cups his hands and scoops up a hearty mass of brown goop .
Holding it close to his face , Stein says , " I 'm trying out Vista ! "
He then buries his face in sewage , pulls out gasping and choking , and proceeds to vomit down the front of his shirt .
Diesel looks aghast and says , " That ... does n't look very healthy , PC .
I 've heard some pretty bad things about Vista . "
A visibly shaken Ben Stein gathers himself and retorts sarcastically , " Yeah , Vista is bad , evolution is real , and I just traded the last unicorn for a bag of magic beans .
Wake up , OpenBSD !
There 's a whole wide world out here ! "
Stein stretches his arms wide in the dank confines of the porta - potty 's waste tank .
Flabbergasted , Diesel appears to be about to respond when an obese man wearing a chili - stained white tank top enters the portable toilet .
As the door closes , Ben Stein 's muffled voice is heard , " Alright , here comes Windows 7 ! "
The camera returns to the Lamborghini where Vin Diesel is sitting back with a casual hand on the wheel .
Looking straight ahead , he says , " I think it 's about time we get out of here ... what do you say , Doc ? "
The view shifts to the passenger seat , revealing an excited Christopher Lloyd sporting a lab coat .
Related News * NIX Mascots Under Fire for Targeting Children Open Source Community Developing Their Own Viruses Top 11 Geek Pick Up Lines
" How fast can you get this baby up to 88 miles per hour ? "
Llyod asks in his iconic gruff voice .
The two exchange knowing smiles and don reflective sunglasses in unison .
Diesel then guns the engine , spins up the Gatling gun , and races into the distance .
The Lamborghini vanishes in a burst of other - worldly energy that coalesces into the shape of the OpenBSD puffer fish logo .
The words , " OpenBSD : Take Back Your Future " appear on the screen before the commercial fades to black .
When asked whether he thought the effusive advertisement was too bizarre to connect with the typical viewer , De Raadt said , " Shut that hole in your face , loser . "
Story Options : Related Share Print
Clearing the Amazon rainforest increases Brazilian communities ' wealth and quality of life , but these improvements are short - lived , according to new research published today ( 12 June ) in Science .
The study , by an international team including researchers at the University of Cambridge and Imperial College London , shows that levels of development revert back to well below national average levels when the loggers and land clearers move on .
Since 2000 , 155 thousand square kilometres of rainforest in the Brazilian Amazon have been cut down for timber , burnt , or cleared for agricultural use .
Forest clearance rates have averaged more than 1.8 million hectares per year ( roughly the area of Kuwait ) , and the deforestation frontier is advancing into the forest at a rate of more than four football fields every minute .
The team behind today 's study analysed changes in the average life expectancy , literacy and per capita income of people living in 286 Brazilian Amazon municipalities with varying levels of deforestation .
The Amazon is one of the least developed regions in Brazil , but is also one of the most important places on the planet for biodiversity , climate and geochemical cycles .
The researchers ' analysis revealed that the quality of local people 's lives - measured through levels of income , literacy and longevity , as mentioned above - increases quickly during the early stages of deforestation .
This is probably because people capitalise on newly available natural resources , including timber , minerals and land for pasture , and higher incomes and new roads lead to improved access to education and medical care , and all round better living conditions .
However , the new results suggest that these improvements are transitory , and the level of development returns to below the national average once the area 's natural resources have been exploited and the deforestation frontier expands to virgin land .
Quality of life pre- and post - deforestation was both substantially lower than the Brazilian national average , and was indistinguishable from one another .
Ana Rodrigues , lead author of the study , previously at the University of Cambridge and currently at the Centre of Functional and Evolutionary Ecology , France , said :
" The Amazon is globally recognised for its unparalleled natural value , but it is also a very poor region .
It is generally assumed that replacing the forest with crops and pastureland is the best approach for fulfilling the region 's legitimate aspirations to development .
This study tested that assumption .
We found although the deforestation frontier does bring initial improvements in income , life expectancy , and literacy , such gains are not sustained . "
Fellow author Dr Rob Ewers from Imperial College London 's Department of Life Sciences adds :
" The ' boom ' in development that deforestation brings to these areas is clear , but our data show that in the long run these benefits are not sustained .
Along with environmental concerns , this is another good reason to restrict further deforestation in the Amazon , " he says .
" However , in areas that are currently being deforested , the process needs to be better managed to ensure that for local people boom is n't necessarily followed by ' bust ' . "
The decline in development which occurs once an area has been deforested is likely due to the depletion of the natural resources that supported the initial boom .
Timber is exhausted and land used for cattle ranching and farming is often rapidly degraded , leading to large scale abandonment - for example , by the early 1990s , one third of the area used for pastures had already been abandoned .
This is compounded by an increasing human population as migrants including ranchers , farmers , colonists , landless peasants , gold miners , loggers , and land grabbers arrive , lured to the area by the prospect of rapid financial gain .
Andrew Balmford , co-author of the study and University of Cambridge Professor of Conservation Science , concluded :
" The current boom - and - bust trajectory of Amazonian development is therefore undesirable in human terms as well as potentially disastrous for other species , and for the world 's climate .
Reversing this pattern will hinge on capturing the values of intact forests to people outside the Amazon so that local people 's livelihoods are better when the forest is left standing than when it is cleared .
" This will be extremely difficult , both financially and practically .
But discussions being held in the run-up to this December 's crucial climate change meeting in Copenhagen about richer countries paying ones such as Brazil to retain the carbon stored in their forests offer some promise that this lose - lose - lose situation could be tackled , to the benefit of everyone - local Brazilians included . "
###
The research was led by the University of Cambridge , in collaboration with Imperial College London , the University of East Anglia , CNRS , France , Instituto Superior Tecnico , Portugal , and IMAZON - the Amazon Institute of People and the Environment , Brazil .
For additional information please contact :
Genevieve Maul , Office of Communications , University of Cambridge
Tel : +44 ( 0 ) 1223 332300 , +44 ( 0 ) 1223 765542
Mob : +44 ( 0 ) 7774 017464
Email : Genevieve.maul@admin.cam.ac.uk
For interviews with Dr Rob Ewers , please contact :
Danielle Reeves , Imperial College London press office
Tel : +44 ( 0)20 7594 2198
Out - of - hours duty press office : +44 ( 0)7803 886248
Email : Danielle.reeves@imperial.ac.uk
Notes to editors :
1. ' Boom - and - bust development patterns across the Amazon deforestation frontier ' , Science , 12 June 2009 .
Ana S. L. Rodrigues ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) , Robert M Ewers ( 4 ) , Luke Parry ( 5 ) , Carlos Souza Jr. ( 6 ) , Adalberto Verissimo ( 6 ) , Andrew Balmford ( 1 ) .
(1) Conservation Science Group , Department of Zoology , University of Cambridge , Cambridge , CB2 3EJ .
(2) Energy and Environment Section , Mechanical Engineering Department , Instituto Superior Tecnico , Portugal .
(3) Centre d'Ecologie Functionelle et Evolutive , CNRS UMR5175 , 1919 Route de Mende , 34293 Montpelier , France .
(4) Division of Biology , Imperial College London , Silwood Park Campus , Ascot SL5 7PY .
(5) School of Environmental Sciences , UEA , Norwich , NR4 7TJ .
(6) IMAZON - Amazon Institute of People and the Environment , Belem , PA , Brazil .
2. Images available upon request .
Please credit Alexander Lees .
3. About Imperial College London
Consistently rated amongst the world 's best universities , Imperial College London is a science - based institution with a reputation for excellence in teaching and research that attracts 13,000 students and 6,000 staff of the highest international quality .
Innovative research at the College explores the interface between science , medicine , engineering and business , delivering practical solutions that improve quality of life and the environment - underpinned by a dynamic enterprise culture .
Since its foundation in 1907 , Imperial 's contributions to society have included the discovery of penicillin , the development of holography and the foundations of fibre optics .
This commitment to the application of research for the benefit of all continues today , with current focuses including interdisciplinary collaborations to improve health in the UK and globally , tackle climate change and develop clean and sustainable sources of energy .
4. University of Cambridge :
As the University of Cambridge celebrates its eight - hundredth anniversary in 2009 , it is looking to the future .
Its mission is to contribute to society through the pursuit of education , learning and research at the highest international levels of excellence .
It admits the very best and brightest students , regardless of background , and offers one of the UK 's most generous bursary schemes .
The University of Cambridge 's reputation for excellence is known internationally and reflects the scholastic achievements of its academics and students , as well as the world - class original research carried out by its staff .
Some of the most significant scientific breakthroughs occurred at the University , including the splitting of the atom , invention of the jet engine and the discoveries of stem cells , plate tectonics , pulsars and the structure of DNA .
From Isaac Newton to Stephen Hawking , the University has nurtured some of history 's greatest minds and has produced more Nobel Prize winners than any other UK institution with over 80 laureates .
5 . The research has been funded by the European Community 's 6th Framework Programme , the Fundacao para a Ciencia e Tecnologia ( Portugal ) , the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation ( USA ) , and the Leverhulme Trust ( UK ) .
When was the last time you had a weekend without computers , cell phones , TVs , and all the other devices that alter the way we experience time ?
After I wrote Multithreading and The Complexity of Modern Experience a few weeks ago , I started thinking about the different sources of experiential input in my life and how those inputs chopped up my time in weird ways .
It was also about this time that I was getting frustrated with myself for not knowing what to do with my time , so both thoughts converged onto one single thread : it was time for me to unplug for a weekend .
Shortly after this thread dawned on me , I found myself in my office when I had started out going towards my bedroom – few things make you more aware of your habits than recognizing you did something counter to what you were thinking without being aware that you were doing it .
I immediately started the process of unplugging when I woke up from my distracted stupor in my office .
It went about like this :
Is there anything on my calendar that requires my attention this weekend ?
Nope .
Just about like every other weekend .
Are there any messages in my Inbox that require my attention this weekend ?
This one was more difficult , as I had stuff sitting there that needed action , but on second analysis , it could wait .
Responding to those messages at 4:30 pm on Friday only encourages other people to be checking email on the weekend , anyway ; they can wait , too .
Do any of my projects require work this weekend ?
This was the hardest for me to get real about .
Almost everything I do is on my computer .
What if I got creative while I was unplugged ?
Excuses !
If I felt like writing , I could write longhand , so I found my notebook and got it staged .
If a design hit me , I could draft it in my design pad , so I got that staged .
What if I wanted to record something ?
Seriously , when was the last time I recorded a video , podcast , or song ?
I could make do without it .
I had a technique for capturing any way I might want to express myself – I just had to use them .
I did n’t need technology to be creative , and many of my preceding explorations had shown me just how much technology got in the way of my creativity .
After running through that list , writing a few things down , and really making it clear to myself that I ’d be okay , I shut down everything .
I turned my phone off .
My iMac and MacBook were both shutdown , and I hid the MacBook in the closet in the office .
My unplugged weekend started then and there !
Or so I thought .
It took about two or three hours for me to detox .
It ’s not like I was twitching or anything , but I was getting my mind wrapped around what the weekend would look like .
And this time , I was n’t running away from my home to unplug .
Going camping is easy , since you do n’t have the option to use your stuff .
But what about when you ’re sitting at home ?
That ’s where the battle would be fought this weekend .
Friday night went pretty quickly since I was tired anyway .
And Then Saturday Came
I woke up still with the intention to have an unplugged weekend .
The morning ’s dawn revealed exactly what that meant .
Our clocks were electric .
Our lights were electric .
My coffee pot was electric .
Fans , air conditioners , and basically our entire modern lives are built upon being plugged in in one way or the other .
Clearly , I had to make some compromises here .
Lights and appliances were okay .
Everything else was out .
What bothered me the most , honestly , were the clocks .
As I figured out what I was going to do , I would frequently look at the clock on the DVR since it was right in my line of sight .
7:30 . 7:36 . 7:44 . 7:52 . 8:00 .
Every six to eight minutes , I noticed what time it was .
Annoying !
After a couple of hours sitting in a somewhat meditative / reflective state , I determined that the damn clock had to go .
I put masking tape over the time so I could n’t see it .
Whether it was the tape or just me adjusting to things , the annoyance with being aware of time stopped .
In those hours , I had also managed to wear myself out mentally .
Without having a way to focus my thoughts – I ’d resolved to not “ work ” – all my mental energy went inward .
I was n’t going to make the day at the rate I was burning .
So I started reading .
Half a book later , it was lunch time .
Now , Seriously , What Am I Going to Do for the Rest of the Day ?
One of the habits I ’ve been wanting to change is my reliance on video games as a way to spend my time when I ’m not working .
Let me express this more clearly : video games became a way for me to stop working , otherwise I ’d continue to try to do stuff when I had a little energy , even though I clearly knew I needed to stop .
Also for context , I watch maybe an hour or so of TV a week .
Last week , I wrote about time ownership , but why it was so important was because I had vast stretches of the day to claim .
As I ’ve said repeatedly , time is not the limiting factor on what you can do – creative energy is .
That said , it ’s a lot easier increase the amount of unallocated time you have available , but very , very difficult to increase the amount of creative energy ( or creative time ) you have available .
For what it ’s worth , most research points to 6 - 8 hours as the maximum amount of time per day that people can remain in creative peaks before mental fatigue sets in .
I sleep six or so hours a day , on average .
That leaves eighteen hours unallocated .
At most , eight hours of the day is spent doing creative stuff .
Four hours or so are for chores and maintenance .
That leaves me six hours of “ leisure ” time .
In the past , I did n’t have that time since it was spent in the overhead of maintaining three different careers .
I ’ve been trying to own that time effectively and to get out of that weird , non-productive middle ground between work and play .
I hate that middle ground .
Video games allowed me to claim that time , since they were fun ( enough ) and engaging ( enough ) that I would n’t slide back into the middle ground .
At the same time , that was n’t the way I wanted to spend my time , so I found myself frustrated that all my efforts to reclaim my time amounted to me needing to distract myself in order to avoid the middle ground .
( In case you ’re curious , I ’m prone to stay up and exhaust myself if I read at night .
No , it does n’t matter if it ’s fiction or non-fiction . )
I still have n’t quite got this “ problem ” figured out , but I needed to show this to put a context to the situation I was running into on my unplugged weekend .
I had about ten hours left to the day , and my main time filler was part of the stuff that I had resolved to avoid .
I had worn myself out mentally , so reading was out for me , too .
Angela was busy with her dissertation , so I could n’t socialize with her .
Phones were out , so I could n’t call family and friends .
I played my guitar for a few hours , but then I was seriously out of creative energy .
Rather than face the stress of sitting there in the living room with the taped - over clock , I buckled .
It was time for some Rock Band .
Rock Band is one of the better electronic activities I can do .
You may laugh , but the drum tour actually helps me improve my rhythm and feel for timing , so it helps me musically .
It helps me exercise and drink water , too – for some reason , I go through about 32 oz of water per hour .
Lastly , I ’ve had my fair share of epiphanies whilst drumming , so that counts for something .
Luckily , after a couple of hours of drumming , Angela had completed all the work she was going to be able to do .
We caught up , made dinner together , talked some more , and watched a movie .
Just because I decided I was going to use my time unplugged did n’t mean that she was , so the movie was one of those connective activities , and to be honest , it was nice just to sit with her .
That ’s always the bright spot of my day .
Sunday : The Day of Rest
Angela took the day off Sunday , more because she had worn herself out the six days prior and could n’t do any work anyway than because she wanted to .
Luckily , she had also crossed a milestone and her work was out for review , so there was n’t much she could do on that account , either .
We went out to our favorite place for brunch , napped , hung out with each other , slid in a few family calls ( I buckled on the phone , but it was more important to talk to family ) , went for a longish walk , ate leftovers , and went to bed somewhat early .
Sunday went a lot better because I had my main squeeze to spend time with and did n’t really need to fill space like I did on Saturday .
Therein lies some insight : it ’s much easier when you ’re not trying to figure out what you ’re going to do .
Part of the reason I wore myself out Saturday was because I was trying so hard NOT to do certain activities , and I did n’t really have the headspace to just sit on the couch and nap .
Or to spend many flow hours connecting with Angela .
It was just me and the taped - over clock , having it out .
What ’s the Point of This Post ?
Jonathan Mead has been busting my chops lately with his whole “ stop adding to the noise ” thing .
( Sidebar : Congrats for being able to quit your job , Jonathan ! )
Granted , he has n’t been saying it directly to me , but it still stands .
There ’s this little Jonathan - faced dude on my shoulder saying “ Charlie , why are you telling people about your struggle to unplug and have some peace ? ”
Because I do n’t want you to fall into the same hole I did .
As I ’ve continued to figure out how to use more and more of the time I ’ve freed up , the thing I ’ve noticed most is how often I bump up against the limits of modern life , especially with regards to communicative technologies .
The very tools that have enabled our freedom in some areas are the very tools that enslave us in others .
And I should be clear here , too : a lot of my insecurity about being able to unplug springs from the fact that I ’m afraid I ’m turning into a hollow person that ca n’t sit with himself .
This is n’t some misplaced desire for authenticity , either .
It ’s just that I understand how easy it is for counter - to - self habits to form when you ’re busy looking at other things .
That said , I think it ’s an experience that a lot of us need to go through just to see how much of our lives , habits , and orientation to the world is governed by technology .
The hardest thing to articulate is how the experience of time changes .
I would normally write a post like this on Friday , since there ’s a bit to think about , but the reality is , if you wanted to give it a shot this weekend , you ’ll probably need the day to prepare for it .
Here are some tips for making your weekend more sane than mine :
Before you decide to do this , think of a few unplugged activities that you ’d like to do before hand so that you ’re not being harassed by clocks .
Do a Weekly Review , a brain dump , or whatever you do that lets you see that there are no fires you absolutely have to put out for the weekend .
Make sure you cover as many bases as possible or your mind will wander .
Have a backup plan for how to capture your ideas and creativity .
Chances are that once your mind is freed from the technological chains that bind it , your creativity will skyrocket .
If you live with people , talk to them about this decision and see if they ’d like to do it with you .
It ’s a lot more fulfilling ( and easier , to boot ) to spend the time with the people you ’ve been missing already .
Pay attention to yourself and your experiences .
Notice how you drift towards your computer and have to intentionally change directions .
Notice how quiet and still your house is .
Notice how you mark time without clocks .
Notice that you see the spots on the carpet you did n’t see before , or how the sunlight makes a cool shape on the wall .
Be gentle with yourself .
The point of this is not to beat yourself up about , but to make conscious choices about how you use your time .
If you decide you actually want to watch TV , watch some TV .
But just notice how and why you come to that decision .
And before you write off the experience as either unnecessary or easy to do , try it .
I ’ll bet you ’ll learn enough about yourself to make some positive changes in your daily habits .
What would be the web , if an fresh idea you had would not been already realised by someone else ?
Welcome Tweetcoding !
This is a little contest , where you have to “ code in 140 characters or less ” of ActionScript - code in order to fill an Flash - applet with life .
The first round was already finished with some very decent results .
g.clear ( ) ;a=mouseX;b=mouseY;c=++i%8/8+10;d=( i&8 ) < < 4 ; for( j=64;j--;) {ls(c*=1.1,d-=0x50580 ) ; g.drawCircle( a=5+a-a/50+s(i/16 ) , b=5+b-b/50, c ) }
Tweetcoding - Winner piXelero .
Check out the result .
Where to start or go to from there ?
Visit the tweetcode - website and check out the first contributions .
Read about the rules .
Read the initial announcement .
Do n't forget , that there is also a Tweetcode - Minifier available .
Let there be Tweets !
Last not least thanks to DjMike for this hot hint !
Somethin ' somewhat similar is Tweet - A - Sound for MAX / MSP -users .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
In the absence of a public inquiry into the 7 July bombings , conspiracy theories have filled the vacuum .
One of the more inflammatory involves a man hiding behind an Arabic - sounding pseudonym taken from a sci- fi film starring Sting , says the BBC's Mike Rudin .
The 56 - minute homemade documentary opens with a view from space and the words : " A message from Muad Dib " .
What follows is a stream of allegations about the 2005 bomb attack on London .
The film , entitled 7/7 Ripple Effect , accuses former prime minister Tony Blair , the government , the police and the British and Israeli security service of murdering the innocent people who died that day , in order to shore up support for the " war on terror " .
FIND OUT MORE ...
The Conspiracy Files 7/7 was broadcast on BBC Two on Tuesday 30 June at 2100 BST
The video has become an internet hit , hailed by conspiracy theorists and picked up by some Muslims in the UK as evidence that the official account of what happened that day is untrue .
The official version says four British Muslims blew themselves up in the UK 's first suicide attacks , murdering 52 people and injuring 784 others .
But it took nearly a year for the official account to be published , and much of the evidence , such as CCTV and photographs , only came out slowly afterwards .
In that atmosphere conspiracy theories have flourished .
A host of internet films now claim the government account is a deception .
The film mixes real footage and content from the internet 7/7 Ripple Effect , released two years after the attacks , goes much further than just posing questions .
The narrator alleges the four men blamed for the bombings were in fact fall guys in a government plot to win support for the war on terror ; they were tricked into travelling to London with rucksacks on that day .
CCTV that shows them arriving in London was supposedly just to incriminate them .
The film claims that they were not on the trains that blew up .
It 's alleged the three men blamed for the Tube bombings were in fact murdered by police at Canary Wharf , after government agents set off pre-planted explosives to frame them .
' Unbelievable ' coincidence Muad Dib 's conspiracy video has been picked up and held up as truth .
A copy of his film was sent to a survivor of the attacks and to the Chairman of the Birmingham Central Mosque , Dr Mohammed Naseem .
He has long harboured doubts about the government account .
" The Ripple Effect is more convincing than the government statement , " he says .
Dr Naseem made 2,000 copies of 7/7 Ripple Effect for the mosque .
At Friday prayers he asked the congregation to raise their hands if they did not accept the government version - nearly the entire gathering did .
Muad Dib hangs much of his conspiracy theory on the fact that on 7 July 2005 , there was a mock exercise preparing for a possible terror attack on the London underground , with a very similar scenario to what happened - three London stations .
This he describes as " an unbelievable set of circumstances " .
If people in mosques think the government is so antagonistic that they 're willing to frame them for a monstrous crime , what does that do to levels of trust ?
7/7 survivor Rachel North But Peter Power , a former Scotland Yard police officer , says on 7 July , the exercise he ran was office - based and involved just six people from a publishing company .
That has not stopped him receiving hate mail from anonymous sceptics accusing him of " murder " and threatening " justice " with " no mercy " .
Muad Dib did not send Peter Power a copy of 7/7 Ripple Effect , but when it was showed it to him , he found it " quite menacing [ and ] quite worrying " .
He has now passed the DVD and the threatening e-mails to the Metropolitan Police .
But Mr Power was frustrated because of the difficulty of prosecuting someone who hides behind a cloak of anonymity .
Dune clips
The Conspiracy Files 7/7 , a BBC documentary , tracked Muad Dib down , eventually finding him in the small town of Kells in Ireland .
He is in fact John Hill , from Sheffield .
His alias , Muad Dib , is a fictional character in the science fiction film Dune , a film starring Sting and Kyle MacLachlan about inter-galactic freedom fighting , from which he seems to draw inspiration .
Dune has been interpreted as an allegory for the Middle East Clips from the film - including the quote " The sleeper must awaken " - appear in 7/7 Ripple Effect .
Frank Herbert 's series of Dune novels use Islamic concepts like " jihad " and other terms based on Arabic .
A document on Muad Dib's website reveals he believes he is the Messiah and that George Lucas wrote Star Wars after being told telepathically what to write , by the very " Force " to which the films refer .
John
Hill was arrested and extradited to the UK on a charge of perverting the course of justice for sending DVDs of 7/7 Ripple Effect to the judge and jury foreman in a trial linked to the attacks .
And it did not stop the film .
Alex Jones , who runs an internet site and a US radio show devoted to conspiracy theories , claims that 7/7 Ripple Effect has been " just exploding all over the web " after Hill 's arrest .
A bus was blown up in Tavistock Square
There have been two official reports into the bombing by the Intelligence and Security Committee .
The government has always resisted calls for an independent public inquiry , and has decided not to actively counter conspiracy theories .
But there is concern that conspiracy theories are divisive and could alienate Muslims from the authorities .
The former Metropolitan Police Deputy Assistant Commissioner , Brian Paddick , says action is needed to prevent further atrocities .
" Hopefully there will be people in the police service , the security service and in government who will realise how important conspiracy theories are .
And how important it is that every attempt is made to try and counteract them . "
Rachel North , a survivor of the 7 July bombings , is troubled by the acceptance of conspiracy theories .
" If people in mosques think that the government is so antagonistic towards them that they 're actually willing to frame them for a monstrous crime they did n't commit , what does that do to levels of trust ?
That is a problem for the government and for everybody in this country . "
Mike Rudin is series producer of The Conspiracy Files 7/7 Update June 2011 : John Hill was found not guilty of attempting to pervert the course of justice at Southwark Crown Court on 12 May 2011 .
A selection of your comments appears below .
I have seen this film and the fact that the government has seen fit not to order a public inquiry into the worst terrorist attack on London since the IRA ceased hostilities is puzzling and disturbing in itself .
Crackpot or not , the film comes across as credible and does pose some serious questions which of course have never been answered .
The execution of JC de Menezes also adds to the disquiet and I wish I could say that the arrest of the film maker comes as a surprise .
Logan McGeary , London
Well , I 'm not into conspiracy theories but it happens to be completely true that the security services in both New York on 9/11 and London on 7/7 were running mock terrorist attack exercises .
Make of that what you will .
Mike , Corby
We need an inquiry , more than that , we deserve an inquiry .
It 's absence is indicative of a government that has become utterly obsessed with secrecy , despite all of it's empty promises and hot - air about ' transparency ' .
An inquiry would take the wind out of the sails of extremist conspiracy - theorists , but , time after time , the government tells us that we have no right to know why our fellow Britons were blown up and killed .
Are they , perhaps , scared that an inquiry would establish , for once and for all , that those attacks were a direct response to the foreign policy of Blair ?
Dr Michael Swann , Thurso , Scotland
This is the same nonsense as the 9/11 conspiracy .
People come out with idiotic statements and there are those impressionable minds that do n't know any better who believe them .
Take the moon landings .
The very facts that are supposed to prove they did n't land , actually proves that they did .
The conspiracy theorists simply do not understand basic physics .
Paul , Lowestoft
It is interesting that both the 9/11 and 7/7 attacks occurred at times when the political leader of the nation was suffering in public opinion , and that both these attacks have enabled the governments involved to introduce draconian measures in the name of " security " .
Whilst I do not actually believe that the governments were directly involved in either of these attacks ( or at least I pray they were not ) , I am not so sure that they did not consciously ignore critical intelligence and thus allow the events to come to pass .
Bryan Wallbridge , Boston , Lincolnshire
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Why We Need a Green Revolution – And How it Can Renew America
The # 1 New York Times bestseller , fully updated and expanded in this paperback edition .
Thomas L. Friedman ’s no. 1 bestseller The World Is Flat has helped millions of readers to see globalization in a new way .
Now Friedman brings a fresh outlook to the crises of destabilizing climate change and rising competition for energy — both of which could poison our world if we do not act quickly and collectively .
His argument speaks to all of us who are concerned about the state of America in the global future .
Friedman proposes that an ambitious national strategy — which he calls “ Geo- Greenism ” — is not only what we need to save the planet from overheating ; it is what we need to make America healthier , richer , more innovative , more productive , and more secure .
As in The World Is Flat , he explains a new era — the Energy - Climate era—through an illuminating account of recent events .
He shows how 9/11 , Hurricane Katrina , and the flattening of the world by the Internet ( which brought 3 billion new consumers onto the world stage ) have combined to bring climate and energy issues to Main Street .
But they have not gone very far down Main Street ; the much - touted “ green revolution ” has hardly begun .
With all that in mind , Friedman sets out the clean - technology breakthroughs we , and the world , will need ; he shows that the ET ( Energy Technology ) revolution will be both transformative and disruptive ; and he explains why America must lead this revolution — with the first Green President and a Green New Deal , spurred by the Greenest Generation .
Hot , Flat , and Crowded is classic Thomas L. Friedman — fearless , incisive , forward - looking , and rich in surprising common sense about the world we live in today .
Reviews :
The Washington Post – Cover Review
Sept. 7 , 2008
“ Like it or not , we need Tom Friedman .
… By and large [ he ] gets the big issues right . ”
Business Week
Sept. 11 , 2008
“ Required Reading ”
The Boston Globe
Sept. 17 , 2008
“ A compelling manifesto that deserves a wide reading , especially by members of Congress and candidates for President . ”
Newsweek
Sept. 13 , 2008
“ New York Times columnist and globalization exponent Thomas Friedman pleads for Americans to wake up to the perils and opportunities of an emerging resource - strapped world .
The author comes across as a blend of Will Rogers , Jack Welch and Norman Vincent Peale — a plain - spoken citizen outraged at the bullheadedness of U.S. politicians , yet optimistic about the power of ingenuity and finely crafted policy to avert disaster . ”
A man who stabbed his girlfriend to death because she would not cook him dinner fast enough has been sentenced to more than seven years ' jail .
The Northern Territory Supreme Court heard that in August last year , Andrew Norman , from Yuendumu , had been drinking with his girlfriend for several days when they went to a Darwin home to prepare dinner .
Norman had chopped meat but when his girlfriend did not cook it as quickly as he wanted , he decided to poke her with a knife to speed up the process .
" I 'll stab her a little bit , one time , " he said to himself at the time .
But his lawyer told the court that in his drunken state the knife penetrated the woman 's back .
The wound was 10 centimetres deep and severed an artery .
Norman tried to perform CPR and called an ambulance but the woman died .
Norman pleaded guilty to recklessly causing his girlfriend 's death .
In sentencing , Justice Sally Thomas said it was an impulsive act that was out of character for the defendant but the fact he was affected by alcohol made the offence more serious .
Norman will be eligible for parole in 2012 .
I just want to summarise what is already known about the election results and put it into some shape and perspective .
The worst , first .
The BNP gained two MEPs , Nick Griffin and Andrew Brons , worth 120 139 and 132 094 votes respectively .
[ Figures at UAF ] .
Across the country , they averaged 6.2 % of the vote according to the BBC 's figures , and gained a total of 943 000 votes .
I see that this confirms the UAF 's pre-election analysis [ pdf ] , which disputed the complacent tendency among some liberals to play down the BNP 's prospects .
There is still a fight to be had over whether these votes translate into long - term party identity or whether they amount to a temporary right - wing protest vote .
But whatever the basis of the vote , that number of votes for a fascist party has to be treated as a menace and the basis for urgent organisation and rethinking .
Secondly , and relatedly , Labour 's electoral annihilation has overwhelmingly benefited the right .
The surprisingly strong votes for No2EU ( born yesterday , as it were ) and the Socialist Labour Party ( no campaign , no profile ) suggests that it did n't have to be this way .
Their combined vote nationally was just over 2 % , or about 300 000 votes .
Had there been a united left alternative , with a real campaign , I am willing to bet it would have been capable of drawing three times that number of votes .
The Greens saw their overall vote increase by 2.4 % to 8.7 % , just over a million votes .
Otherwise , people shifted their votes from Labour to other reformist alternatives such as the SNP .
Many , many people were obviously desperate to vote for some kind of left alternative , if only to really stick it to the New Labour machine .
Nonetheless , it 's true that across Europe the right made sweeping gains , despite some very good results for radical left candidates .
This meltdown of social democracy is not just a British phenomenon , although the utter cravenness of New Labour has probably advanced the degeneration much more rapidly in the UK .
There is some talk in the comment pieces suggesting that the very odd distribution of votes and the powerful showing by UKIP make it unlikely that such patterns will be reproduced in a general election .
Perhaps not , but who can now be sure that the assumptions about general elections that worked in the past will continue to be operative a few months hence ?
Thirdly , of course , while social democracy is disintegrating , this does n't automatically rebound to the benefit of the right .
In fact , those who think that the best response to such a crisis is to try to save social democracy and bolster its left - flank have some explaining to do .
The UK results plainly show that even if the field is more less left open for New Labour , with only marginal challenges from the left , it still loses big time and the right - wing makes gains .
The contrast between the UK and Ireland is striking .
There , the Socialist Party made a breakthrough , sending Joe Higgins to Brussels by ousting the Fianna Fail MEP .
In the council elections , the SP gained six seats and People Before Profit gained five .
The ruling Fianna Fail - Green coalition was hammered for its attacks on workers and its decision to re-run the EU Treaty referendum until it obtained the result it wanted .
Similarly , in Portugal the Left Bloc got 10 % of the vote and the communist - green coalition also received 10 % .
In France , the combined vote for the Greens and the radical left was about 28 % .
In all of these places , the major reformist parties had treated their core voters like sandbags to be tossed overboard the better to ascend to loftier heights .
As a result , they shed votes in abundance .
But the political significance of the elections is very different from that in the UK .
We fluffed it , boys and girls .
It has been obvious for some time that a fundamental crisis of social democracy was brewing , and that this was going to be deeper than ever before , and that nothing the left could do - even if it was so deranged as to want this - could rescue it .
We watched a yawning political vacuum open up and , due to our shibboleths , totems and taboos , our inward - lookingness , our traditions of feuding , and many other flaws , we failed to fill it .
Elections are not the be all and end all , and ultimately what will matter far more than such votes will be what we do between elections .
But this was one important way for us to assert ourselves in this crisis , and we handed the initiative to everyone but the radical left .
I am not saying we should hammer ourselves over the head repeatedly with such facts , but I think it would be healthy to begin by acknowledging them and resolving never to let that happen again .
Thousands of left - wing activists marched in Tel Aviv Saturday marking " 42 years of occupation " .
Protestors were chanting : " End the occupation – start living " .
The marchers belong to organizations and parties such as Hadash , Meretz , Gush Shalom , and Yesh
Opinion
Do n’t ever call me Nazi Yoram Kaniuk Settlers who refer to IDF troops as Nazis to provoke civil war Do n’t ever call me Nazi
Din.MK Dov Khenin ( Hadash ) spoke at the protest .
" 42 years of occupation are 42 years too many , " he said .
" This year Israel is at a crossroads : Either we move to create a just Israeli - Palestinian peace or dangerous deterioration leads us to terrible regional war . "
He said " occupation norms " were slowly penetrating Israeli society and threatening democracy with such occurrences as " the Nakba laws , the harming of freedom of speech and politics , and more " .
Banner depicting IDF troops says ' murderers in uniform ' ( Photo : Ofer Amram )
MK Nitzan Horowitz ( Meretz ) spoke of US President Barack Obama 's plans for Mideast peace .
" Obama is drawing a clear line between supporters of peace and democracy and those who oppose peace .
Israel must be in the first camp , beside the US , and the path there is clear :
The end of settlement and the adoption of the two - state solution , " he said .
How to fit 300 DVDs on one disc
The different colours and polarisations of light access different images A new optical recording method could pave the way for data discs with 300 times the storage capacity of standard DVDs , Nature journal reports .
The researchers say this could see a whopping 1.6 terabytes of information fit on a DVD - sized disc .
They describe their method as " five - dimensional " optical recording and say it could be commercialised .
The technique employs nanometre - scale particles of gold as a recording medium .
Researchers at Swinburne University of Technology in Australia have exploited the particular properties of these gold " nano - rods " by manipulating the light pointed at them .
The team members described what they did as adding three " dimensions " to the two spatial dimensions that DVD and CD discs already have .
They say they were able to introduce a spectral - or colour - dimension and a polarisation dimension , as well as recording information in 10 layers of the nano - rod films , adding a third spatial dimension .
The scientists used the nanoparticles to record information in a range of different colour wavelengths on the same physical disc location .
This is a major improvement over traditional DVDs , which are recorded in a single colour wavelength with a laser .
Also , the amount of incoming laser light absorbed by the nanoparticles depends on its polarisation .
This allowed the researchers to record different layers of information at different angles .
The researchers thus refer to the approach as 5 - D recording .
Previous research has demonstrated recording techniques based on colour or polarisation , but this is the first work that shows the integration of both .
As a result , the scientists say they have achieved unprecedented data density .
It 's not just elegant - there are a lot of experiments that are elegant - it 's relatively straightforward
Tom Milster
University of Arizona
Their approach used 10 - layer stacks composed of thin glass plates as the recording medium .
If scaled up to a DVD - sized disk , the team would be able to record 1.6 terabytes - that is , 1,600 gigabytes - or over 300 times the quantity stored on a standard DVD .
Significant improvements could be made by thinning the spacer layers and using more than two polarisation angles - pushing the limits to 10 terabytes per disc and beyond , the researchers say .
Bit by bit Recent efforts based on holography have shown that up to 500 Gb could potentially be stored on standard DVD - sized disks .
Holographic methods take all of the information to be recorded and encode it in the form of a graph showing how often certain frequencies arise in it .
That means that the recording process is a complex , all - at - once , all - or - nothing approach that would be difficult to implement on an industrial scale .
By contrast , 5 - D recording is " bit - by - bit " , like current CD and DVD writing processes in that each piece of information is read sequentially .
That is likely to mean that recording and read speeds would be comparatively slow , but the approach would be easier to integrate with existing technology .
" The optical system to record and read 5 - D is very similar to the current DVD system , " says James Chon , a co-author on the research .
" Therefore , industrial scale production of the compact system is possible . "
DVD surfaces now are " 2 - D " : just the position on the disc matters
Now that the method has been demonstrated in custom - made multi-layer stacks , the team is working in conjunction with Samsung to develop a drive that can record and read onto a DVD - sized disc .
Dr Chon says that the material cost of a disc would be less than $ 0.05 ( £ 0.03 ) , but there are a number of advantages in moving to silver nano - rods that would bring that cost down by a factor of 100 .
For optical data storage expert Tom Milster , at the University of Arizona , the beauty of the approach is in its simplicity .
" It 's not just elegant - there are a lot of experiments that are elegant - it 's relatively straightforward , " he told BBC News .
For the moment , Dr Milster says , the equipment needed to write the data would make a commercial system expensive .
However , that has not stopped the development of optical storage solutions in the past .
" For example , a Blu-ray player is not an easy system to realise ; they 've got some wonderful optics in there , " Dr Milster said .
" People thought that would be pretty difficult to do , but others managed to do it . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
“ We are professional pray - ers , ” said Father McCoy , who wears a white habit , a long black smock called a scapular cinched with a leather belt and , on his feet , knock - off Crocs .
Some days he wears a T - shirt that says , “ Ask me about my Vow of Silence . ”
This is not the only monastery to employ laypeople , but the monks and the women here have a surprising symbiotic relationship .
The monastery had tried various self - supporting enterprises before : moving and rehabilitating houses scheduled for demolition , growing shitake mushrooms , developing a golf course and corporate retreat center .
One day , the monks were in the midst of a big report on the golf project when the printer ran out of toner and Father McCoy went to order more .
“ I thought , that ’s way too much for a bunch of black dust , ” he said .
He discovered it was possible to buy new and recycled cartridges at a fraction of the cost charged by office supply companies .
He started LaserMonks in 2002 with the idea of marketing to charitable groups , but the business expanded so fast that soon they were scrambling to keep up .
Meanwhile , Ms. Caniglia and Cindy Griffith were looking to sell their online ink and toner business , based in Loveland , Colo. , and called Father McCoy to see if LaserMonks wanted to buy their database .
They hit it off , and soon the women were driving to rural Wisconsin .
“ I was scared to death , ” said Ms. Griffith , 50 , a Web designer and divorced grandmother who is not Catholic .
“ I ’ve been to Catholic weddings , but I do n’t know anything about monks .
Do they talk ?
What do I do when they pray ?
Do I sing this stuff ?
I do n’t know Latin . ”
Iranian protesters gather on the streets to protest the results of the Iranian presidential election in Tehran , Iran on June 20 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo ) | License Photo
TEHRAN , June 22 ( UPI ) --
A press freedom group ranks Iran next to China as the world 's biggest prison for journalists as a post-election crackdown on media continued in Iran .
Since Ayatollah Ali Khamenei's endorsement of the result of the presidential election , and the opposition 's decision to call another demonstration Saturday , at least 33 journalists and cyber - dissidents have been jailed , Reporters Without Borders reported Monday on its Web site .
Journalists who could not be located at their homes have been summoned by telephone by Tehran 's prosecutor general .
Advertisement
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was declared the landslide winner over his nearest challenger , Mir Hossein Mousavi .
Since the elections , protests have turned violent .
Iranian news sources reported 13 people were killed Saturday .
CNN reported hospital sources put the number dead at 19 while other unconfirmed sources indicated the toll was higher .
" The force of the demonstrations in Tehran is increasing fears that more Iranian journalists could be arrested and more foreign journalists could be expelled , " Reporters Without Borders said .
" The regime has been visibly shaken by its own population and does not want to let this perception endure .
That is why the media have become a priority target . "
The international organization during the weekend asked the European Union 's 27 member countries not to recognize Ahmadinejad 's re-election .
" If President Ahmadinejad does not agree to respect press freedom , he must be made to see reason , " the letter from Reporters Without Borders to the member nations read .
" A clear and unequivocal rejection of the election results by European leaders could force Ahmadinejad to yield .
The nuclear stakes in Iran must not serve as a pretext for saying nothing .
This is not the time for timid or cautious statements . "
PLEASE SHARE ! 🙂
Share the joy
A major problem I hear from people a lot is that their computer takes “ forever ” to start ( loading Windows ) .
Some of them think it is due to a virus .
Many times it is not a virus slowing down their computer but in fact this problem is due to many non-harmful programs that have been installed by the user .
[ adblockingdetector id = ” 1 ″ ]
You may not notice it but as the weeks , months or even years pass you install a lot of programs onto your computer .
During the installation process a lot of these programs setup themselves to automatically start when Windows starts .
Over time many programs you have installed are automatically starting in the background each time you start or restart your Windows PC .
This will cause your XP , Vista , 7 and Win 8 computers to start - up painfully slow .
When Windows XP was new I learned a free method of disabling programs from automatically starting up when XP starts .
When I upgraded to Windows Vista and then 7 I was happy to learn that this exact method carried over .
Windows XP , Vista and 7 have a built - in utility named “ Microsoft System Configuration Utility ” aka “ MSConfig ” .
One of the features of this utility is that it allows you to easily disable programs from starting up when Windows 7 , Vista or XP starts .
In the following Windows 7 , Vista and XP MSConfig video tutorial I will take you step - by - step and you will easily learn the following …
1. How - To access the Run command dialogue box by searching through the Start Menu .
( The video shows one method .
Another method to access it is to Hold - Down the Windows Logo Key on the bottom - left of your keyboard and then pressing the “ R ” key . )
2. How - To access the MSConfig utility by typing “ msconfig ” into the Run dialogue box and hitting the “ Enter ” key
3 . How - To disable programs from automatically starting up when Windows XP or Vista Starts via MSConfig
[ adblockingdetector id = ” 6 ″ ]
PLEASE SHARE ! 🙂
Tags : MSConfig Tutorial , Speed Up PC , Windows Start - Up Guide
Unable to become a pop star , woman sues firm
( China Daily )
Updated : 2009-05-05 10:14
A court in Nanjing , Jiangsu province , has ordered an entertainment company to pay 100,000 yuan ( $ 14,650 ) to a woman after they failed to turn her into a pop star .
Wang , who is in her 60s and likes singing and dancing , paid the company 50,000 yuan in 2007 .
The agreement states that if she fails to become a star , they would repay her double .
what exactly do you mean by “ natural ? ”
In a universe where everything is made of chemicals , " natural " is just a buzzword used to make a bigger profit .
Pop quiz .
Should you let someone ingest dihydrogen monoxide ?
How about sodium chloride ?
Or what about lithium perchlorate ?
What do you think ?
The answers are absolutely , in moderation and no way , respectively .
Chemistry has a way of making everything sound sinister and alien , whether it ’s something we need to live , like water , something we use every day like salt or an electrolyte in lithium batteries which has no business in our bodies .
Invoking those scary sounding components is an effective PR tool for anti-vaccine advocates and people who want to sell you something that ’s supposedly good for you because it ’s “ natural . ”
I ’ve always had trouble understanding that part about “ natural ” in advertisements for herbal remedies pitched by the supplement industry and alternative medicine .
Natural is supposed to invoke images of endless fields of flowers and forests bursting with life , providing sustenance to countless organisms , including humans .
But there are also quite a few very natural ways to kill yourself very quickly and painfully since nature could poison you as easily as it could nourish you .
The only real difference between a random herb in pill form in a pill from a drug company , is that the former is n’t clinically tested for its efficacy and is being pitched to you on the basis of warm fuzzies and an occasional conspiratorial reference to how Big Pharma does n’t want you to know how well it works because they ca n’t make money off the particular herb , which probably has a chemical name as scary as anything dispensed by a pharmacist .
But the thing is , drug companies can and do make money from plants and herb extracts .
They just spend the an average of $ 800 million from lab to market and submit years of test data to the FDA for review .
On the other hand , the people who sell what they call natural supplements do n’t have to do any of the above thanks to the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994 which treats them as food and requires no proof of their efficacy in anything .
This is why you see those nearly microscopic disclaimers on the bottom of the TV screen during commercials for diet pills and natural supplements which state that the product has n’t been approved by the FDA and ca n’t be used to treat or diagnose anything .
Despite the fact that the ads will pitch them as a cure for whatever ails you , from weight problems to the size of your reproductive organs …
And funny enough , if you think that all those “ natural ” things do n’t have side - effects in large enough doses , you might be surprised to learn that there ’s absolutely nothing that could prevent you from having allergic reactions or adverse reactions to some mysterious herb in a can .
Worse yet , if you ’re taking prescription medication , the supplements may adversely interact with them .
So next time you hear the term “ natural , ” ask yourself what ’s the risk and whether seemingly scary sounding chemistry is really all that bad .
Russia and China have questioned the future dominance of the dollar
The world 's newest economic grouping has ended its first major summit by calling for a more diversified international monetary system .
But the leaders of Brazil , Russia , India and China stopped short of criticising the world 's dominant currency , the US dollar .
The group also repeated calls for greater representation at major institutions , such as the World Bank .
The leaders of the Bric nations met in the Russian city of Yekaterinburg .
' Greater voice ' Earlier on Tuesday , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said that reserve currencies , including the dollar , " have not managed to perform their functions . "
But the final statement issued by the leaders made no reference to developing new reserve currencies to challenge the dollar , which Russia had called for at a separate event earlier in the day .
The emerging and developing economies must have a greater voice and representation in international financial institutions
Bric summit statement " There is a strong need for a stable , predictable and more diversified international monetary system , " the final statement said .
The Bric nations also called for a bigger say in the global financial system .
" The summit must create the conditions for a fairer world order , " they said in their final statement .
The leaders of the four countries said they were " committed to advance the reform of international financial institutions , so as to reflect changes in the world economy .
" The emerging and developing economies must have a greater voice and representation in international financial institutions . "
New order China is now the world 's third - biggest economy , while Russia , India and Brazil are catching up with many key European economies .
China is now the world 's third largest economy
The term Bric was coined by US investment bank Goldman Sachs which used it to describe the growing power of emerging market economies in 2001 .
Its research suggested that the four developing economies could be among the world 's strongest by 2050 .
The meeting in Yekaterinburg , a city some 1,420 km ( 880 miles ) east of Moscow , will include President Dmitry Medvedev of Russia , Hu Jintao of China , Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva of Brazil and Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .
Working together Analysts say that as the global recession bites , the four Bric nations are showing a growing willingness to work together .
Rory MacFarquhar , a Moscow - based economist at Goldman Sachs , said the significance of the summit would be political rather than economic .
" There is considerable interest , you could say from all [ the Bric ] countries but Russia in particular , in creating an alternative " to established international organisations , " he said .
Both Russia and China have questioned the role of the dollar in the world 's economy , leading to speculation that Bric might be considering the creation of a new global reserve currency .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Obama administration on Monday announced that it would put solar energy development in the West on a fast track , with Interior Secretary Ken Salazar signing an order that sets aside more than 1,000 square miles of public land for two years of study and environmental reviews .
Although the clean - energy initiative identifies some 676,000 acres of federal land for study , more than half -- 351,000 acres in the Mojave Desert -- are in California .
According to maps released by the Interior Department , the solar project areas abut the border of Joshua Tree National Park , the Mojave Preserve and two national wildlife refuges in the southeastern part of the state .
The proposed California solar - generating areas are projected to have the annual capacity to produce 39,000 to 70,000 megawatts of electricity at full development -- enough to serve millions of homes .
There are three large solar projects undergoing environmental review in the state .
President Obama has promised to promote the use of federal land for the production of alternative energy and has set a goal of obtaining 10 % of the nation ’s electricity from renewable sources by 2010 .
Salazar vowed to have 13 “ commercial - scale ” solar projects under construction by the end of 2010 .
Advertisement
Federal land managers have already announced plans to establish areas of concentrated wind and geothermal energy harvesting .
The Bureau of Land Management has gotten about 470 renewable energy project applications .
Those include 158 active solar applications , covering 1.8 million acres .
Monday ’s announcement in Las Vegas opens up land in six Western states to leasing by private companies .
“ We are putting a bull ’s - eye on the development of solar energy on our public lands , ” Salazar said .
Conservation groups reacted to the announcement with praise but cautioned that even so - called green projects could conflict with protected lands and sensitive species .
“ We support the identification of the best places for renewable energy on public lands , ” said Alex Daue of the Wilderness Society .
“ We ca n’t have a repeat of the oil and gas industry , where it ’s spread wide across the landscape anywhere they want .
We need a focused look at places where there ’s the least conflict and highest opportunity for success . ”
Advertisement
In California , the Mojave Desert is already the scene of intense interest from energy companies and a land rush to apply for solar leases .
Environmentalists are monitoring maps so that leasing does n’t take place in wilderness , areas of importance for wildlife and other resources , and high - value recreation sites .
The Mojave is home to all of that , including national parks , threatened and endangered species and one of the West ’s most popular off - road - vehicle recreation areas .
Salazar said federal agencies had already ruled out solar leasing on protected lands and would examine potential effects on wildlife before allowing projects to proceed .
The two - year environmental study will cost $ 22 million , he said .
--
julie.cart@latimes.com
[ / caption ] NOTE :
This was the Universe Today ’s contribution to April Fools Day , just in case you were wondering .
However , it is n’t a joke that a bat died during a shuttle launch .
Brian will forever be remembered by the Brian Bat Foundation …
On Sunday , March 15th , Space Shuttle Discovery launched from Cape Canaveral , beginning the highly successful STS - 119 mission to “ power up ” the International Space Station ( ISS ) .
Unfortunately , a tiny stowaway was discovered clutching onto the external tank of the shuttle and refused to budge .
For the whole of Sunday , NASA waited for the free - tailed bat ( unofficially named “ Brian ” by yours truly ) to fly away .
Alas , Brian held on to Discovery all the way up to launch .
NASA even took a photo of the shuttle as it cleared the launch tower , Brian still attached .
He was n’t frozen to the external tank ( infrared images showed the bat was warm ) , a wildlife expert studied the last pictures of Brian , informing the space agency that Brian had in fact suffered a broken wing and was unable to fly away , even as the rockets ignited .
Although NASA was not thought to be responsible for the death of the little animal at first ( calling the whole incident “ sad but unavoidable ” ) , a Florida state official is pursuing legal action against the ground staff at the Cape .
According to state animal protection law , NASA may be charged with negligence , after making little effort to prevent “ animal interaction ” with the launchpad and apparent unwillingness to remove Brian by hand before launch .
However , as investigated by the local press , there are far more animal deaths during shuttle launches than we realise …
“ First and foremost , the safety of the crew must be ensured , ” said NASA spokeswoman Francis Rae , “ it is unfortunate that the agency could be reprimanded over the death of an animal , but in the interest of safety and smooth launch operations , we will enact any preventative measures deemed necessary by the state . ”
It turns out that NASA is a little shocked that a Florida official has decided to pursue the issue .
NASA and Florida have enjoyed very close ties ever since the beginning of the Space Age and this is the first accusation of criminal negligence over the death of an animal ( possibly in reaction to the huge international interest in the story ) .
Little did the agency realise that the death of one unfortunate bat could land them in court .
“ NASA enjoys total freedom of the airspace above the state , however the agency must still abide by the laws of the state , no matter how insignificant the rules may appear when compared with the endeavors of US activities in space . ” — Statement by the District Attorney ’s Office , Florida
According to local press , NASA can be fined for the preventable death of the bat under the same state laws that govern goods transportation ( i.e. company - owned vehicles are liable if they hit endangered animal species on Florida highways ) .
Therefore , if a truck hit a free - tailed bat on a freeway , and the driver was pulled over by a police officer , the company who owns the truck would be accountable .
“ This is exactly the same rule that is being applied to NASA , a free - tailed bat was killed during the operations of the shuttle .
In the county ’s eyes , that ’s no different from a Walmart truck running over a protected animal .
Like a cougar [ the state animal ] , ” reported the Orlando Sentinel .
Regardless of the outcome to the possible legal action , NASA has already prepared plans for an anti-bird / anti- bat mesh that will surround the launchpad after exterior inspection but before launch .
This is where NASA tripped up , they performed an inspection on Saturday , March 14th , of Discovery ’s external tank , but the pneumatic cranes ( used to lift inspectors to the upright shuttle ) were removed from the launchpad on launch day .
Therefore , if NASA had to remove Brian by hand ( if they knew he was injured ) , the Discovery launch would have been delayed further still , to wait for cranes and personnel to arrive on the scene .
This preventative measure is n’t thought to affect the remaining shuttle launches ( before the shuttle is decommissioned in 2010 ) , but the mesh will be built into the launch tower of the Constellation Program scheduled for launch in 2015 ( pictured above ) .
“ Estimates place the cost of the mesh at around $ 10 million , ” said Rae .
“ However , if you factor in unforeseen project overruns and design issues , that cost could easily triple .
Possibly more .
We simply do not have the technology to fabricate such a large , lightweight net .
It will , however , be worth it in the long - run . ”
It would appear the mesh could n’t come too soon for one NASA employee .
Soon after Discovery launched on that fateful Sunday night , the Orlando Sentinel interviewed launch safety officer Aniline Lo who went into some detail about the real costs of a shuttle launch .
“ … of course animals die during launches .
We ’ve had collisions with eagles during ascent , we ’ve even found dead rats , mice and gophers left on the pad , there has also been injuries to some larger animals in the past .
As the Cape is surrounded by water , it is hard to prevent alligators straying too close [ … ] shuttle exhaust can hurt these reptiles , making them difficult to treat .
It also seems the flash from the boosters cause confusion in some animals , including rabbits , actually attracting them to the launch pad at lift off .
That always ends very badly . ” — Aniline Lo , NASA Safety Officer
Lo then went into detail about the clean - up operation after launch .
“ It ’s a shame , the adrenaline is pumping through your body before launch , but it is up to my team to clear up the mess which is the downer , ” she said .
“ If you thought roadkill was bad , imagine it roasted .
Hundreds of thousands of dollars post - launch could be saved in man-hours [ for clean - up operations ] if these animals are prevented from getting near to the rockets . ”
The sad story of Brian the Bat captivated the world , but it looks like his demise was the tip of the iceberg .
He was first named on the social networking site Twitter and on Astroengine.com .
On launch day @ Discovery Bat appeared on Twitter , apparently tweeting from space and tweeting to this day .
Even mainstream media refer to the ill - fated free - tailed bat as “ Brian ” .
Consequently , the Brian Bat Foundation was set up to recognise animal endeavours in space .
However , it appears the Foundation ’s scope must now be extended to all the birds , angry alligators and rabbits on , or near , the shuttle ’s launchpad during lift - off .
Source : Orlando Sentinel
Here is a picture of the MLton team at a meeting in Chicago in August 2003 .
From left to right we have :
— -( video ) Episode 7 — -
Filed under : May 4 , 2009 , 5:28 pmFiled under : video
It does n’t hurt when she walks all over him .
Find more at : highmaintenanceimaginarygirlfriend.com
Formats available : Quicktime ( .mov )
About The Author Akhtar Sheikha is a freelance web and graphic designer as well as developer .
He is the author and owner of 2experts Design , a design blog with great … More about Akhtar Sheikha …
Retro Rainbow Photoshop Tutorials
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Although often used in the wrong context , the motif of ’ 70s Retro Rainbow designs seems to occur in many modern designs – from products designs to posters and web designs .
The rainbow colors are particularly eye - catching and lively ; they may provide the design with a dynamics and help to vividly convey the message of the graphic work .
[ Updated June/14/2017 ]
In past few months I came across to many artworks and new concepts of retro designs which gave me a thought to gather few for this inspirational post .
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
Below you ’ll find a showcase of beautiful Retro Rainbow designs and resources .
They range from popular Flickr photos to unconventional sources of inspiration , from helpful tutorials to useful related tools .
Share your favorite sources of inspiration in the comments .
Tutorial : Create A Retro Cosmic Design in Photoshop
Signalnoise Tutorial : Rainbow Shards
Add A Realistic Rainbow To A Photo With Photoshop
Abstract rainbow colors Photoshop video tutorial
Photoshop Tutorial : Create a Colorful Rainbow Fantasy Scene
MSNBC Style Effect
Rainbow Background Photoshop Tutorial
How to make Rainbow background
How to create abstract colorful rainbow background
Photoshop Tutorial : Rainbow Glass Effect
Glow Effect Wallpaper in Photoshop - Tutorial
Abstract Rainbow Wallpaper
In Photoshop
Create Rainbow Logos with Warped Grids
Rainbow Colored Eyes Effect With Photoshop
Creating A Cartoon Rainbow
Bright Rainbow Text Effect
The Rusty Rainbow Killed The Rabbit
Shining Neon Text Effect in Photoshop
Painting the sky invitation ( Photoshop tutorial )
Making of the Imaginary Paint Dancers
Awesome digital bokeh effect in Photoshop
Create a Grungy Scene with Colorful Lights in Photoshop
Colorful Glow Text Effects
Creating A Fantastic Fantasy Night Sky In Photoshop
Photoshop tutorial : Create a glowing superhero
Advanced Glow Effects
Photoshop Tutorial Web Design Colorful Rainbow
Recreate Pride Facebook Rainbow Effect In Abode Photoshop
Create Super Glossy 3D Typography in Illustrator and Photoshop
Create striking photo and vector mash - ups
Fluffy Clouds in Photoshop
Animated Rainbow Wallpaper
Create a Funky Retro Wavy Text Effect in Photoshop
Make a Retro - Space Typography Poster with Colorful Lights
Design a Retro Styled Poster
How to create a set of Photoshop grunge brushes
Tutorial Time : Rainbow Wallpaper
Photoshop Graphic Design Tutorial
Earth Day .
Green Planet
Mastering Photoshop : Noise , Textures , Gradients and Rounded Rectangles
Sebastian Neale , a 26 year old from South Wales and mega - fan of the Doctor Who series , passed away recently due to head injuries and was given a proper Dr. Who themed send off .
The funeral music was swapped out in favor of the Dr. Who 's theme song and mourners were greeted with the Doctor 's words , " I 'm a time lord ... I 'm not a human being .
I walk in eternity . "
Instead of Bible verses , the funeral consisted of quotes from classic
Who scripts , including William Hartnell 's famous speech from " The Dalek Invasion Of Earth " : " One day , I will come back .
Yes , I shall come back .
Until then there must be no regrets , no tears , no anxieties .
Just go forward in all your beliefs , and prove to me that I am not mistaken in mine . "
Wow , I just got a little teary eyed .
You know , this got me thinking about my own funeral .
I 've decided I want it to be Geekologie themed .
I 'd like the presiding wizard to read a few of my funnier posts ( which I have yet to write ) , and you mourners ( and rejoicers ) to read some of your comments .
Then , Daisy will proclaim the whole thing a fake , and that I 'm secretly crashing in Baja and Max 's garage , waiting to start a new life .
The ceremony will end with The Superficial Writer urinating into my open casket .
R.I.P. Sebastian , I hope your Tardis takes you to whenever you want .
Hit the jump for a better shot of the casket .
A Funeral For A Time Lord [ io9 ]
Thanks to Julian , who wants his casket to look like a slab of bacon .
Between 9 and 10:00 p.m EST last night , after jumping off Twitter ( yes – Twitter ’s “ Trending Topics ” is how I learned of Jackson ’s death ) and calling my best friend ’s voicemail to sing a few verses of “ Rock With You ” and encourage her to get out of the fetal position and call me for support , I watched as Michael Jackson ’s sheet - covered body was transported – live – out of the UCLA Medical Center , into a helicopter , and then out again and on to the Los Angeles County Coroner ’s Office .
It was surreal , and I am stunned .
Ed McMahon , Farrah Fawcett , and Michael Jackson – Americans have certainly lost a hefty handful of icons this week .
When someone so famous succumbs to mortality , it tends to hit the nation – and the world – as a whole .
For some people , these icons acted as comfortable constants ( John Mayor tweeted about Michael Jackson that “ a major strand of our cultural DNA has left us ” and “ we ’ll mourn his loss as well as the loss of ourselves as children listening to Thriller on the record player ” ) .
For others , they ’ve played a significant role ( DMB bassist Stefan Lessard remembered how his very first record was one from The Jackson 5 , Wyclef Jean changed his Twitter picture to one of Jackson and tweeted about a time the King of Pop visited him in the studio , and Janet McNair wrote about Jackson ’s music being the soundtrack of her childhood ) .
TremendousNews , via Tweeple Magazine , referred to Michael Jackson ’s death as “ the 9/11 of pop culture , ” and that ’s probably a pretty accurate description for a number of high profile celebrity deaths – especially those that were so sudden and unexpected .
We flock to our televisions .
We watch as cameras zoom in on mourning fans standing outside of hospitals and holding up signs .
We listen as the same news reporters who hiked up their ratings with scandals just a few years before now speak of the deceased as if by dying he was somehow transformed into a saint .
We hop on Twitter or Facebook or actually pick up a phone to connect with our friends :
“ Did you hear ? ” “ Can you believe it ? ” “ R.I. P ” “ I never liked him . ”
“ I had her poster on my bedroom wall as a kid . ” “ I was his biggest fan . ”
“ I am stunned . ”
We talk about the icon ’s life – the many things the icon contributed to the world and the inspiration the icon was , as well as the various scandals that surrounded the icon and the public and private battles the icon fought .
Sometimes thinking about a long and full life comforts us ; other times , a tragic end to a life most often surrounded by tragic circumstances conflicts us .
And , then , we start thinking about our own lives – our own successes , failures , joys , and complete and utter screw ups .
We begin reflecting on our own mortality and – for much too brief a time , unfortunately – some of us vow to cherish each day more , hug our family members more , call up an old friend we have n’t spoken to in a few years .
Death is sad .
It ’s sad , we ’re probably really never prepared for it – no matter the circumstances – and it sucks .
But , it happens to each and every one of us .
We ’re all going to lose loved ones and we ’re all going to eventually die ourselves .
It ’s unavoidable .
Celebrity or not , no life or death is more “ important ” or “ monumental ” than another ; whether you spend it redefining music as the world knows it or bagging groceries at Winn Dixie , human life is human life .
Appreciate it as such .
If any of this week ’s famous deaths brought about those emotions and questions about your own life – and the lives of your loved ones – hold on to those .
Have your moment of grief for whomever passed , but then turn the focus on yourself .
If there ’s something you want to change about your life , change it now .
If there ’s a relationship you want to mend , mend it now .
If there ’s something you ’ve done of which you should be proud , but for some reason never allow yourself that feeling , give yourself that credit now .
The good news is , as long as you ’re breathing , you still have time ; however , you have no idea if it ’s years , days , or seconds .
Start now .
» Back to Everyday Health
We have n't been invited to try out Google Wave ( yet ? pretty please Mister Google ? ) , but based on the 80 - minute demonstration video , we 're jazzed about it .
Do n't have 80 minutes ?
These eight 30 - 60 second clips highlight the best parts of Google Wave .
Advertisement
Inline Replies
First the simple stuff .
Google says
Wave is what email would be if it were invented today , so it looks a whole lot like Gmail .
But all editing and commenting happen on a single copy of a given wave ( that is , message or document ) .
You can comment on a wave below it , or inline .
Check it out .
Advertisement
Click to view
As - You - Type Live Updates Over the Internet Between Users
Thanks to the new HTML 5 standard and some client - server magic
Wave has going on , you can watch your recipient live - type a response in your browser across the internet , much like instant messaging .
( If that gives you the creeps , you 'll have the option to disable live as - you - type updating . )
Click to view
Wave Revision Playback
When you add someone to a Wave after it 's been chopped up , commented on , and edited by others , that person can see the evolution of that wave using the super - cool playback feature .
Imagine watching Wikipedia page revisions happen in sequence .
Here 's a taste of playback in Wave .
Advertisement
Click to view
Private Replies
Like a group email you forward to an individual person to have a " private " conversation , you can restrict access to a sub -Wave to certain people .
Advertisement
Click to view
Embed Waves into Web Pages
Bloggers will go nuts for this : you can embed waves in web pages and collect replies and edits to those waves in your Wave client , as well as on the page itself .
Advertisement
Click to view
Live Collaboration on a Single Wave
Several people can edit a wave at the same time and watch one another 's cursors dance across the page as it happens .
Advertisement
Click to view
Live - Updating Search Results
Keyword search results live - update as others type , too .
Click to view
Contextual Spellcheck
This was the ultimate OMGPONIES !
moment for me in the Wave demo .
Using a natural language model , Google Wave 's spellchecker makes smart corrections based on the context of your word .
For example , Google Wave auto - corrects the sentence " Icland is an icland " to " Iceland is an island . "
( Guess all those billions of web pages can really come in handy . )
Advertisement
Click to view
There was more cool stuff in the demo , but these were the main biggies for me .
Since
Wave is open source and extensible , surely we 'll be seeing a lot more functionality when it 's available later this year .
Can hardly wait .
See also lucky dog Rafe Needleman 's Hands - on with Wave review for more .
Advertisement
The Google Wave Highlight Reel [ Smarterware ]
Smarterware is Lifehacker editor emeritus Gina Trapani's new home away from ' hacker .
To get all of the latest from Smarterware , be sure to subscribe to the Smarterware RSS feed .
For more , check out Gina 's weekly Smarterware feature here on Lifehacker .
Mexican soldiers holding position during the gun battle
Daylife / AP
Photo used by permission
Fifteen drug hit men and two soldiers were killed in a shootout in the Mexican beach resort of Acapulco , says an army source .
Gunmen battled troops from a house , throwing hand grenades at soldiers who had surrounded them and spraying gunfire into military vehicles and nearby homes .
The firefight , near tourist hotels , began late on Saturday and went on until after midnight .
Four policemen were found inside the home but it was unclear whether they had been kidnapped or were there voluntarily .
Soldiers also confiscated dozens of rifles and other weapons …
The Beltran Leyva gang , rivals of the powerful Sinaloa cartel , is believed to dominate the drug trade around Acapulco , a popular destination for vacationing U.S. college students .
Sorry , folks .
I ai n’t coming down anytime soon for a holiday .
Dodging bullets is one of the reasons I left the delights of urban America a long time ago .
I do n’t care to recall the experience on vacation .
I can not put my feeling into words .
I can only express my sorrow for my country .
The result is unbelievable .
It is a blatant lie .
And now we have this kid , this stupid child who claims that his re-election is a victory of the people .
How can we withstand this man ruling us for four more years ?
Of course Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , our supreme leader , supported him in stealing this election .
He is the " father " of this kid .
I did n't want to vote on Thursday but this election was totally different from previous votes .
And my city , Tehran , these last few weeks , felt like a different place .
I know people , entire families , who had not participated in any elections since the revolution but this time our mood and our outlook was transformed .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Opponents of Ahmadinejad used blogs and websites to highlight his lies .
We were bombarded with text messages and we followed the news on satellite television although it is forbidden by the law .
I abhor Ahmadinejad and everything he stands for .
He is not a true Muslim , he is a cheat and a fraud and an enemy of any kind of true religion .
He is not driven by money but he craves only one thing : power .
And our spiritual leader endorses him .
Mousavi is no hero either .
But I knew there were ways in which he could bring about subtle changes .
I also know that in Iran another revolution is something people are terrified of .
We 've had oppression and war and revolution , we do n't want more bloodshed .
The best thing for our people is that little by little we achieve change and we reform the entirety of this system .
So I came to the view that with Mousavi , our youth would have more freedom than before .
They could express their ideas , wear what they want .
Women would be able to gain equal rights and freedoms .
Oh my God , I do n't want to even think about the possibilities that have now vanished before our eyes .
I gave my vote to Mousavi .
I did n't join in wearing green , like so many others .
But when I heard about how Ahmadinejad cheated I promised I would wear green in public all the time .
Mousavi voters are completely depressed .
More than that they are angry and regret that they took part in the election .
Some of them cry and shout out , " Where is my vote ? "
It is the law in Iran for women to wear hijab .
I accept this , because I am Muslim , and I go further , I wear a chador in public because I really feel free in it .
People do n't see me , they just see a black cloak .
People who judge me from my appearance assume I am a fundamentalist conservative , that I am an Ahmadinejad voter and support the repression of the morality police or the stoning of women who commit adultery .
But the truth is , while I am religious and I believe firmly in Islam , I have lost faith in Ayatollah Khomeini , the founder of the revolution .
I have no trust in Ayatollah Khamenei or his offspring Ahmadinejad .
The President 's supporters are bigots .
This country needs a proper political leader not an old cleric or a political child .
On Saturday and yesterday , Mousavi supporters defied the regime in some streets , in Vanak Square , Fatemi Street , they set a bus on fire and they were beaten by the police .
It is clear to everyone now that Ahmadinejad has stolen this vote and that he will shut down the young people on the streets .
After a few days their anger will be abated .
When I have wiped my tears away , I have something to be happy and proud of .
Mousavi may have lost this fraudulent election , but people will not forget him , and what is more they will draw a line between him and what he represents and this government .
What is more , we will never forget this event .
People will not give up .
They are being crushed into silence , but they wo n't be silent forever .
They have new ways to connect to one another .
They , the regime , can block Facebook today but they can't do it forever .
Something has changed in this country , people have been cheated but they have seized more freedom .
Now we are like caged lions , so taking anything from us will be harder in future .
I will never lose my hope and as long as I live in Iran , I will do my best for it .
America must try to negotiate with Iran .
President Obama has offered Iran a chance .
This election is a setback , but he must not give up .
It is just a moment in time , the blink of an eye .
Time will expose the liars ' lies and history will be its witness . "
" Maryam " is not the author 's real name
Joe Von Kanel
CNN Writer and Editor
President Obama got an “ up close and personal ” — VERY personal as it turns out — look at the pyramids before leaving Egypt today .
One of the tombs contains a 4,600 - year - old relief portrait of a man named Kar , who was a priest , scholar and judge .
He also looked exactly like Mr. Obama – big ears and all .
Take a look !
President Obama 's Egyptian look - alike .
Now , check out the President ’s reaction .
Guide :
This is a tomb dated four thousand 600 years ago .
And the person who is back here , his name is Kar .
His name is written in hyroglypic and it looks like Kar .
Obama :
That looks like me !
Look at those ears .
He even brought Press Secretary Robert Gibbs and Senior Counselor David Axelrod over to show them the resemblance .
President Obama showing his aides the resemblance .
Obama to Gibbs and Axelrod : I want to show you something .
Guide : Mister President , you look like King Tut .
It ’s true .
I said this the whole time – two years ago .
You were a king in ancient Egypt .
- video encodings still in process -
Ray McGovern , former senior analyst at the CIA , discusses USS Liberty survivor Terry Halbardier ’s belated Silver Star award , LBJ ’s personal involvement in preventing military aid from reaching the besieged USS Liberty , two major theories explaining why Israel attacked the ship and Adm .
Mike Mullen ’s groundbreaking mention of the Liberty in an apparent attempt to dissuade Israel from attacking Iran .
Download the MP3 of the interview at the link below .
Three prison officials have been suspended while the state investigates the heat - related death on Wednesday of a woman who had been placed in an outdoor cage for several hours .
A deputy warden , a captain and the lieutenant in charge of supervising the cage at Arizona State Prison Complex - Perryville have been placed on administrative leave .
They are now the subject of a criminal investigation by the Arizona Department of Corrections , said Charles L. Ryan , the department 's director .
Temperatures reached 107.5 degrees Tuesday in Goodyear , where Marcia Powell collapsed after spending nearly four hours in the sun .
Powell , 48 , was serving a 27 - month sentence for prostitution .
� The death of Marcia Powell is a tragedy and a failure , � Ryan said .
� The investigation will determine whether there was negligence and tell us how to remedy our failures . �
In the past year , 79 people have died in department custody .
Of those deaths , 70 were determined to be from natural causes .
The other deaths included three homicides , three suicides , one drug overdose , and two that are still under investigation .
Powell , who had a history of mental illness , was scheduled to be transferred to a psychiatric unit Tuesday for observation .
At 11 a.m. , while she waited to be transferred , she was placed in an outdoor , uncovered chain - link holding cell .
The cell was in plain view of a staffed control room about 20 yards away .
Although prisoners are given bottled water , department guidelines call for prisoners to be confined outdoors for no more than two hours .
Powell had been in the cell for almost twice that long when , at 2:40 p.m. , she collapsed .
A half - hour later , Powell was taken to West Valley Hospital .
She was taken off life support at 11:15 p.m. and was pronounced dead at 12:42 a.m. Wednesday .
It was unclear Wednesday whether corrections staffers were actively monitoring Powell during her confinement .
Ryan said the use of the outdoor holding cells is appropriate as long as prisoners are not kept in them for extended periods of time .
Powell was alone Tuesday when doctors decided to remove her from life support .
No family members could be found to be with her in the hospital before she died , and corrections officials said Wednesday that they have still not found a next of kin .
She was believed to have two children , both of whom entered the foster system long ago .
Powell herself had several previous felony convictions , records show , including one for drug possession .
TEHRAN , June 14 ( UPI ) -- Iranian authorities closed down Al Arabiya 's Tehran bureau Sunday amid fears of violent clashes after President Mahmoud Ahmedinijad 's apparent re-election .
Officials closed the bureau for a week , a move preventing Al Arabiya from broadcasting protests by backers of reformist Mir Hossein Mousavi , who say the election was fraudulent .
Al Arabiya is based in Dubai .
Advertisement
Diaa al - Nasseri , Al Arabiya 's correspondent in Tehran , announced Iran 's move live on - air .
He said he was asked by the Iranian Ministry of Information to change a report and then was notified the offices would be closed for a week .
" Al Arabiya is worried about being banned from the chance to cover an important country like Iran during an important event like the elections and afterward without explaining the reason behind that decision , " said Nabil Khatib , executive news manager of Al Arabiya .
1 Open up any image that you want sparkle on .
That could be text , a photo or something else .
I ’m using a cocktail glass photo in this tutorial .
2 We ’ll need to create a special brush ourselves .
Open the brush dialog : Window / Dockable Dialogs / Brushes or simply press SHIFT +CTRL+B .
3 Click “ New Brush ” at the bottom of the dialog – name it “ Glitter ” .
As FORM use the third option .
The radius depends on the size of object you want the glitter to be on .
I use ~ 75 – thats a good value for most objects .
Use the values of the screenshot below : SPACING is not important for us in this case because we only apply a single sparkle at a time .
4 Now choose the paintbrush tool .
The “ Glitter ” brush should be active automatically .
If not please choose it from the dropdown where you can assign the brush .
- Create a new transparent layer .
Press at different places in the picture preferably at bright / highlighted areas .
Tip :
While applying the glitter also change the size of the brush using the brush scale option in the tool prerferences .
You ’ll get a more appealing look if the sparkle is not always the same size .
You can apply that sparkle to almost everything .
Please do n’t use too much of it or you ’ll lose the effect !
List of African baby names , African babies names , African baby names and meanings has been compiled from various resources .
Please use this up to date list of African name as a reference to name your kid / child .
This vast database of African names has been compiled from various references and suggestions provided by our web site users and resources partners .
This information is developed to primarily serve as a reference .
We are unable to respond on request for personalized assistance at the moment .
Thank you for your support .
Largest list of African baby names with meanings , numerology , popularity and comments .
Microsoft this week decided to turn off its Windows Live Messenger service for five countries : Cuba , Syria , Iran , Sudan , and North Korea .
All five of these countries have a few things in common , but the one that apparently concerns Microsoft is that the US has put embargoes on each of them .
Users in these countries get the following error : " 810003 c1 : We were unable to sign you in to the .
NET Messenger Service . "
The user is not informed as to the actual reason for the block .
Currently , it 's not clear how broad the block is or how long it will last .
A possible workaround for this issue is actually quite simple ( though I have heard it has n't worked for everyone ) .
Using the same credentials you use for Windows Live Messenger , login to account.live.com , click on Registered information , and under Home location change your " Country / region " to anything that is n't one of the five countries listed above ( and preferably that speaks a language you understand ) .
I believe that Messenger first looks at your account information ( as opposed to using your IP address ) because this lets Microsoft make decisions like this one at the account level as opposed to the application level .
Restart Messenger and the problem should be fixed .
If you are experiencing this problem , let us know in the comments if this worked , or if you have discovered something else that does .
This issue is a very odd one : it 's not clear that Microsoft was ordered to make this change , so what made the company decide that US - embargoed countries are n't worthy of Messenger ?
Why now ?
To my knowledge , other Microsoft applications and websites still work ( and if they do n't , it likely is n't Microsoft doing the blocking ) , so what makes Messenger special ?
It 's actually quite disappointing that a large company as influential as Microsoft would make such a controversial move : Messenger is a medium for communication , and the citizens of these countries should not be punished from such a basic tool because the US has problems with their governments ' policies .
I was hoping to get more insight from Microsoft , but unfortunately , " due to US economic sanctions , " all a Microsoft spokesperson could send over to Ars was the following statement : " Microsoft has discontinued providing Instant Messenger services in certain countries subject to United States sanctions .
Details of these sanctions are available from the United States Office of Foreign Assets Control . "
SPRINGFIELD - A woman accidentally put her car into reverse , sending it through a metal barrier and out of the fourth floor of a parking garage on Dwight Street near Hillman Street on Monday afternoon , police said .
The 2008 Hyundai Elantra landed on its roof onto the pavement below .
The driver , a woman in her mid-20s whom police did not identify , was being treated for non-life - threatening injuries on Monday night at Baystate Medical Center , police said .
She was wearing a seat belt , police said .
At this point almost every web developer is familiar with YSlow .
If you 're not , YSlow is a Firefox extension that integrates with Firebug that analyzes the performance of webpages based on a set of rules Yahoo ! has developed .
By following this set of rules , you can make your website load much faster for visitors .
While working on the new NMC website , I ran YSlow and began making improvements .
What I found shocked me .
Perhaps the greatest gain in performance came from the easiest rule to implement :
Put Scripts at the Bottom
That 's right , moving your script tags from the site header to immediately before the closing body tag can dramatically improve your site 's performance .
As an added bonus , this can almost always be done naively if you 're using a modern javascript framework like jQuery .
So why does this work ?
When a browser downloads a site , it first works on the html and encounters additional components like stylesheets , scripts and images .
If it can , it will download this in parallel .
However , in all browsers ( not just IE ! ) , loading external scripts is blocking .
The browser will not begin downloading anything new if a script is being downloaded .
You can see this in effect by looking at Firebug 's Net tab :
Before :
After :
As you can see , the blocking effect is dramatic .
It is certainly worth moving your script tags to the bottom of your page if you can and also look into the other tips Yahoo ! has .
Issues to look out for
CRIMINALIDAD .
Asegura que las tasas de delincuencia de México no son de las más grandes del continente .
( Foto : Lucía Godínez / EL UNIVERSAL )
Aumenta el número de adictos y cárteles ; son ya una amenaza hemisférica : Insulza
The US constitution authorizes the federal government to conduct an enumeration ( census ) every ten years .
However , nothing in the constitution authorizes government to ask questions beyond a headcount .
And even that is authorized only once every ten years .
But the American Community Survey is conducted annually , and it asks for personal information that goes far beyond what is needed for the enumeration .
There is an example questionnaire provided at [ link edited for length ]
Specifically , it asks questions about ;
Race of residents ,
Hispanic Origin of residents ,
Type of home construction ,
Age of home ,
Land area of lot home is built on ,
Sales figures for agricultural products produced on the property ,
Type of plumbing in the home ,
Number of cars , vans and trucks kept at the home ,
Type of fuel used for heating the home ,
Cost of electricity , gas , water and sewer used at the home ,
If food stamps were used in the home ,
Ownership of home ,
Rent ,
Market value of house ,
Real Estate taxes ,
Insurance payments for property ,
Mortgage payment ,
Citizenship ,
Level of education ,
Disabilities ,
Employment status ,
Employment address ,
How do you get to work ?
What time do you leave for work ?
Employer ,
Business type ,
Type of work ,
Wages , salary , commissions , bonuses and tips .
As you can see these questions have little to do with the enumeration required by the constitution .
Under the tenth amendment the federal government only has the powers given to it by the constitution .
But no section of the constitution authorizes government to ask such invasive questions .
The questionnaire also violates the privacy rights protected by the fourth Amendment .
And the fine for refusing to answer is now $ 5000 .
So citizens who refuse to comply with this unconstitutional survey will be subject to a $ 5000 fine .
It sounds outrageous to me .
What do you think ?
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
House Democrats told the president Monday he wo n't be getting money to close the military detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , until he has a " concrete program " for shutting it down and moving its prisoners .
A guard talks to a detainee at Guantanamo earlier this year .
The $ 80 million will be dropped from President Obama 's supplemental request for the Iraq and Afghanistan wars , House Appropriations Committee Chairman Rep. David Obey told reporters .
" So far as we can tell , there is yet no concrete program for that , " said Obey , D - Wisconsin .
" And while I do n't mind defending a concrete program , I 'm not much interested in wasting my energy defending a theoretical program .
So when they have a plan , they 're welcome to come back and talk to us about it . "
The administration requested $ 50 million for the Defense Department and $ 30 million for the Justice Department to close the prison , Democratic aides said .
Republicans have been pounding Obama and the Democrats over the proposed closure , saying that closing the facility could push detainees into facilities in the United States , making the country less safe .
Sen .
John McCain , Obama 's Republican rival for the presidency last year , supports closing the facility , and argued for moving the prisoners to the military prison at Fort Leavenworth in Kansas .
A Democratic leadership aide insisted there is " no distance " between Democrats and the White House on closing Guantanamo .
Anticipating the loss of some Democratic votes on the supplemental request , Democratic leaders hoped to gain some Republican support by removing the Guantanamo funding , the aide said .
Brendan Daly , spokesman for House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , said the move does not change plans to close the prison .
" We will work with President Obama to achieve our goal of closing Guantanamo Bay , " he said .
Last week , Defense Secretary Robert Gates told reporters the Justice Department was reviewing each of the detainees at Guantanamo to determine what to do with them .
" Those discussions have just gotten started , " he said .
" There clearly will be a specific plan that comes out of this , but what we 've had to await is the determination , roughly speaking , of about how big a group of people we will be talking about . "
Gates said the $ 50 million for his department was intended " as a hedge that would allow us to get started if some construction is needed to be able to accommodate those detainees . "
The Justice Department portion , he said , is to pay for " the process of going through these determinations . "
About 240 prisoners remain at the detention facility .
The $ 94.2 billion supplemental request will be the last , because Obama has put the wars on the budget going forward .
Democrats added to Obama 's requests for addressing the H1N1 flu virus as well as funding to fight the war in Afghanistan and assist Pakistan 's government .
Obey said he was " very doubtful " that Obama 's policies in those two countries would succeed , " but there 's a consensus in the Congress to try it . "
Some anti-war Democrats were pushing to include benchmarks or some strings for money for Afghanistan and Pakistan , but the bill does not put conditions on any of the money , he said .
Instead it requires that the president report to Congress in a year and address five " standards of performance " outlined in the bill .
" I would hope it would be a fish or cut bait report , " Obey said .
Pressed on whether Congress would cut off money for operations in the region if signs of progress are n't demonstrated , the Wisconsin Democrat said it is up to individual members of Congress , but added , " If it becomes a fool 's errand , I would hope so . "
Democrats also added $ 400 million to the administration 's request for Mexico for the drug war and surveillance helicopters .
The House Appropriations committee will vote on the bill Thursday , and the House is expected to vote on it next week .
CNN 's Dana Bash and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .
All About Guantanamo Bay • Barack Obama • Robert Gates • U.S. Department of Justice
In 2006
supported Marcy Winograd 's primary campaign against Blue Dog Jane Harman in Los Angeles ' 36th congressional district .
On May 9th we announced the good news --
against Harman , the wealthiest member of the House and one of the most insidious defenders of the status quo inside the Democratic caucus , again .
Because Marcy has been such a persistent and outspoken opponent of wars in Iraq and Afghanistan -- something we emphasized a few weeks ago in a post called
-- I was delighted when Marcy wrote a guest commentary for us on the health care debate .
Marcy's
is at great variance with Harman 's begrudging minimalist approach that plays into the grasping hands of her Big Business pals but , she hopes , is enough to get her re-elected in an overwhelmingly Democratic district .
Here 's Marcy 's post :
With single - payer virtually off the table in Washington , what 's a true believer to do ?
Sit on the sidelines and surrender one 's power ?
Join the Health Care for America Now crowd championing a public option that leaves the insurance industry intact ?
Or bust out of the political straitjacket that says there are only two choices : business as usual or the public option .
I'm busting out , running 6 am - 10 pm cable ads , targeted into my district ( CA - 36th CD ) , challenging my 2010 opponent , Jane Harman , to sign on to Congressman John Conyers ' bill , HR 676 , for single - payer health care .
The commercial , posted on my campaign web site ( and above ) , showsme standing in front of Harbor - UCLA Hospital in Torrance .
" I 'm Marcy Winograd and I 'm running for Congress in 2010 to unseat Jane Harman in southern California .
But I 'm not waiting until 2010 to challenge my opponent .
I challenge her right now , in front of this hospital to sign on to the most economic and efficient health care plan ...
" Imagine if a slew of progressive challengers in the 2010 primary stepped forward at this moment , this critical juncture in the health care debate , to broadcast single - payer cable commercials on Olbermann 's Countdown or the Rachel Maddow show .
Maybe if enough of us were on television , challenging the old guard 's dismissal of single - payer , we could force a vibrant debate .
Grassroots activists are certainly eager for one .
At a recent HCAN forum sponsored by Congressman Waxman 's office at UCLA , single - payers showed up en masse , waiving lime - green ( no real significance , just bright ) placards championing , " Single - Payer Now ! "
Every time an HCAN advocate mentioned the public option , up went the placards amid a roar of protest .
Days later Congressman Waxman , once a co-sponsor of the Conyers ' bill , reversed his decision not to hold hearings on single - payer .
But all the hearings in the world wo n't lend legitimacy to single - payer , unless we have a government scoring , a fiscal projection of what single - payer would cost or save .
Conveniently enough those who could order a financial analysis , the chairs of the committees of jurisdiction ( Budget , Finance , Appropriations , Health , Education , and Welfare , Commerce , Ways and Means ) have yet to submit a request .
I know because I called the Congressional Budget Office , left a message requesting a scoring , and received a message on my cell phone from Melissa Merson , the office 's Communications Director .
In her words , " We are fully aware there are members of the public who would like us to provide a cost estimate of single - payer , but we are inundated with requests from committees of jurisdiction .
The priorities are set for us by the congress .
" Let the people set the priorities .
We should demand an accounting ; otherwise we are looking at a public option that , like mandated drivers ' insurance , bolsters the profits of the insurance industry while , according to the CBO , leaving 36 million Americans uninsured 10 years from now .
With most of the public option money designed to subsidize private insurance policies , we 're two steps forward , ten steps back .
Before we hypnotize ourselves to champion a compromise that could , in turn , compromise the ability for states to bypass the feds to form single - payer coalitions , let 's put the heat on those committee chairs , not just for the single - payer scoring , but for a new bill that calls for Medicare for All with an Opt Out clause for people just dying to buy private health insurance .
Labels : CA - 36 , Jane Harman , Marcy Winograd , public option , single - payer health insurance
Bonk Aug 4 , 2002
Douche Baggins
What the hell is reCAPTCHA ?
http://recaptcha.net/fastcgi/demo/recaptcha
Randomly generated text boxes .
You 've probably seen it whenever you 've had to confirm that you 're a human and not a bot , while filling out an online form or buying concert tickets or whatever .
Step 1 ) Go to reCAPTCHA .
Step 2 ) If you can't draw what shows up , click the refresh button until you get two random words you can use .
Step 3 ) Draw it .
Step 4 ) Post it here for fun and laffs and happy times .
A couple to get things started :
Hoboken explores
Piracy ears
Your turn .
If you can , also post a screenshot of the actual text boxes either inside or under your pictures .
I did n't do any for mine because they 're ones that I 've randomly gotten on websites in the past couple days that inspired me to do this thread .
If I make any more I 'll try to post the boxes myself .
MSPaint and Photoshop and whatever else you want to use is welcome .
UPDATE : Due to my unexpected popularity of this thread , I turned this into an ongoing blog called I Am Not A Robot .
I 'll give full credit to all artists for any pictures from this thread .
I may not be using everything here for one reason or another , but if you DON'T want your pictures used in an update please PM me or post in the thread under your contributions .
Likewise if you see one of yours on the blog and want it taken down , I 'll delete the entry .
Bonk fucked around with this message at 05:05 on Jun 25 , 2009
MORNINGSTAR
You play Powell , a mercenary , who 's on his first assignment on the Morningstar , a trading cargo ship .
After being crudely awakened by the computer from deep sleep your ship crashes into the surface of a planet .
Instructions
You have to find a way to repair the ship , and save yourself by getting off the planet inhabited by extraterrestrial life .
- The game may take a while to load due to cinematic cutscenes and spoken audio -
Try to escape from planet after crashing into it 's surface .
Point - and - click to explore the area .
Uncover the mysteries of the planet and try to find a way out .
In case you 're stuck , here 's a walkthrough .
Morningstar is an online adventure game developed by Red Herring Labs , and has been played 979939 times on Bubblebox.com .
80 % of people have voted thumbs up
Advertisements
On The 700 Club today Rev. Pat Robertson wondered aloud if the recently passed hate crimes bill protected somebody who was really weird , or someone who likes to have sex with little boys , because according to the far right all homosexuals are pedophiles .
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
After the report Robertson said , “ Ladies and gentleman just figure this , you ’ve got somebody who ’s really weird , and his sexual orientation is he likes to have sex with ducks .
Is he protected under hate crime ?
Is he protected if he likes to have sex with little boys ?
They have n’t made that clear .
It ’s sexual orientation , which is said covers about 30 different pathologies , and what are we going to do about that ? ”
Robertson is deceptively framing the bill as a pedophile protection act , when the truth is that the bill expands federal assistance to state and local governments who are prosecuting hate crimes .
In the legislation , a hate crime is considered to be a crime that , “ is motivated by prejudice based on the actual or perceived race , color , religion , national origin , gender , sexual orientation , gender identity , or disability of the victim , or is a violation of the State , local , or tribal hate crime laws . ”
Robertson is all worked up over the phrase sexual orientation because he does not want to see homosexuals have any rights or protections .
In essence , he is saying that it alright to murder a homosexual .
Think about that for a second .
This is a man who claims to be a Christian , yet he wants to discriminate against and vilify a segment of the population in the name of God .
The legislative definition of sexual orientation has does n’t include pedophilia .
It never has .
Sexual orientation is defined as the attraction of an individual to members of the same , opposite , or both sexes .
Sexual orientation has nothing to do with pedophilia .
Pat Robertson has long been an example of the hateful and intolerant segment of the GOP .
Robertson uses the Bible to spread hate , and is a disgrace to organized religion .
Botnet criminals have taken control of almost 12 million new IP addresses since January , according to a quarterly report ( .pdf ) from anti-virus firm , McAfee .
The United States has the largest number of botnet - controlled machines , with 18 percent of them based here .
The number of zombie machines represents a 50 - percent rise over last year .
Researchers attribute the explosion to botnet controllers trying to recoup spamming abilities after authorities took down a hosting facility last year that catered to international firms and syndicates involved in spamming and botnet control .
Researchers estimated that spam levels dropped about 60 percent after the hosting facility was closed .
Last year at this time , an average of 153 billion spam messages were sent per day , while numbers in March this year show that the rate was on average about 100 billion messages per day .
But researchers say the spam numbers will return to normal as criminals re-build their networks of captured computers .
" The question is not whether spam will return to previous levels , but rather
when it will return , " the report says .
" There is data regarding new zombie and botnet creation that suggest the time may not be too far in the future . "
In terms of the numbers of zombie machines by country , China came in second after the United States , with about 13 percent .
After this , the numbers dropped precipitously to 6 percent in Australia , 5.3 percent in Germany and 4.7 percent in the United Kingdom .
Russia , where many cyber criminal syndicates are based , accounted for only 2.5 percent of the compromised computers .
But botnets are n't only used for spam .
A separate report was issued this week ( .pdf ) by researchers at the University of California at Santa Barbara who spent 10 days in control of the so - called Torpig botnet and observed 70 gigabytes of data being stolen from computers remotely - controlled by the botnet , including financial data .
The harvested data included 1.2 million Windows passwords and 1.2 million e-mail items , such as e-mail addresses and log - in credentials .
“ In ten days , Torpig obtained the credentials of 8,310 accounts at 410 different [ financial ] institutions , " the researchers write .
" The top targeted institutions were PayPal ( 1,770 accounts ) , Poste Italiane ( 765 ) , Capital One ( 314 ) , E*Trade ( 304 ) , and Chase ( 217 ) . ”
Torpig 's malware attacks e-mail clients and other applications to record every keystroke entered by a victim , including passwords before they 're encrypted .
The purloined data is uploaded every 20 minutes in bundles sent to the botnet 's controllers .
The botnet is controlled by the Mebroot rootkit , which " takes control of a machine by replacing the system ’s Master Boot Record ( MBR ) , " the researchers write .
" This allows Mebroot to be executed at boot time , before the operating system is loaded , and to remain undetected by most anti-virus tools . "
Photo : Jonathan
Pobre / Flickr
A couple of years ago there was a criminal ring based out of Los Angeles that put relatively small charges on credit cards of over 2 million consumers account .
They stole hundreds of millions of dollars by the time they were caught .
They got away with it for so long because they placed small charges under $ 10.00 per card each month .
They did this month after month and very few people ever noticed the charges because they were so small .
Apparently another group of criminals has taken this idea and ran with it .
Some credit card customers are now reporting that they are receiving mystery charges for $ 0.25 from a company called “ Adele Services ” based out of Melville , N.Y .
A Boston Globe reported looked into the company and determined that there was no business with that name registered in the state of New York .
No one is really sure what these $ 0.25 charges are coming from .
The prevailing theory is that criminals are using these small charges to determine if a credit card is active , so that later they can hit these credit cards for larger charges later .
In the world of stolen credit cards , credit cards confirmed to be active sell for much more money than those that are n’t known to be working .
When these types of scams take place , typically only 7 % of customers actually notice that the illegitimate charge took place .
Many of us pay lip - services to the idea of keeping our checkbook balanced and keeping a close eye on our statements , but apparently none of us actually do it .
We need to keep a better eye on our statements and notice these things .
It ’s not because you might have lost $ 0.25 if an illegitimate charge was posted on your account , but rather that a criminal has enough of your personal information to successfully charge your credit card .
If you find one of these bogus charges , call up your credit card company immediately , have the number cancelled and have them issue you a new card .
Cryptonite is not the first thing you expect to find in a beautiful rambling old house in the hills above Perth , Western Australia .
But that , along with a bioraptor from the scifi movie Pitch Black , Rygel from television show Farscape and the foot of Olympic silver medallist Eamon Sullivan , is exactly what I discovered in the basement office of headus — a 3D scanning and software company run by Phil Dench and Jill Smith .
It 's headus 's very own killeroo !
But what 's under his skin ?
The cryptonite , aliens and swimmer 's feet are all highly detailed models that headus had been asked to scan using their 3D scanners , primarily for film and television companies .
Often the first step in creating the life - like computer generated characters we are now so used to in the movies — such as King Kong , Iron Man , WALL-E and Gollum — is for an artist to produce a highly detailed physical scultpure of the creature , just like the ones that now decorate Dench 's office .
Once the studio is happy that the creature looks just right , a 3D scanner is used to produce a highly detailed three - dimensional digital model of the object that can then be manipulated by animators on a computer .
A 3D scanner shines a line of red laser light onto the object 's surface , and a camera records the profile of the surface where the line of light falls .
The position and direction of the laser and the camera lens are known , hence it is possible to calculate the position of each point on the surface highlighted by the laser ( a unique triangle is formed by the point on the surface , the laser and camera , of which the length of one side and two angles — the orientation and distance between the laser and camera — are known ) .
The three - dimensional coordinates of each point are stored digitally , building up an intricate mesh made from triangular faces that mimics the surface of the real object .
The resulting digital model is amazingly realistic — you almost forget that you are looking at a two - dimensional screen , and particularly that you are looking at a surface entirely made of flat triangles .
The life - like quality comes from the massive amount of detail : a 3D scan can produce a model with as many as six million triangles making up the surface .
The resulting model can be viewed on the computer screen either as a wire frame , or more realistically with each flat face shaded as it would be in real three - dimensional life .
The image is actually made up of millions and millions of shaded triangles .
Trick of the light
The amount of light or shade falling on each triangle in the surface depends on the orientation of that triangle in relation to the light source .
If a triangle directly faces the light source it will be lit brightly , but if it faces away from it , it will be in heavy shadow .
This relationship between the orientation of the surface and the light source can be described simply with vector mathematics .
The shading of the triangle is determined by the angle θ between the orientation of the face ( given by the perpendicular normal vector ) and the light source ( shown as wavey lines ) .
The orientation of each face on the surface of our model can be described by a normal vector — one which points perpendicularly out of the flat face .
Similarly the direction of the light can be described by a vector , and the dot product ( see box ) of these two vectors gives a value indicating the angle between them ( in fact the cosine of the angle ) .
When a triangle is directly facing the light source the angle between the normal and the direction of light will be 0° , and the dot product between these two vectors gives a value of 1 , indicating that the maximum amount of light would fall on that face and it should be shaded white .
If a triangular face is almost side - on to the direction of light , so the angle between the normal and light direction is close to 90° , the dot product value is close to 0 , indicating the triange should be shaded close to black , giving deep shadow .
If a triangle is facing away from the light , so the angle is greater than 90° , then the dot product is negative ; this is normally clipped to a value of 0 by the computer , giving the same black shading as a side - on triangle .
The dot product
To calculate the dot product of two vectors and you multiply their respective coordinates , and add them together :
The dot product can also be written as the product of the length of the two vectors , and the angle between them :
For example , the dot product of two vectors , one lying on the - axis and one on the - axis , both of length one , is :
And as these two vectors are perpendicular to each other ( one on each axis ) , this agrees with the second definition of the dot product : as .
The dot product can also be written as the product of the length of the two vectors , and the anglebetween them :
For example , the dot product of two vectors , one lying on the - axis and one on the - axis , both of length one , is :
And as these two vectors are perpendicular to each other ( one on each axis ) , this agrees with the second definition of the dot product :
as
This shading happened fairly quickly on the computer Dench demonstrated to me as he spun the model in the virtual space of the screen , though the more triangles in a model , the more time it takes .
This mathematical method for shading is such an integral part of how images are created on our computers that the computer hardware is now designed to carry out these calculations .
The life - like 3D model you can see on the screen is actually a highly detailed triangular mesh of light and shadows .
But all this detail is precisely what makes the model almost impossible to work with — just spinning the model requires time for the computer to recalculate how to shade the millions of triangles ( called rendering ) .
And animators ideally want a model that more closely mirrors the aspects of the creature they want to animate ; they want to be able to contract the muscles on an arm or raise an eyebrow , rather than deal with a fairly random mesh of triangles .
Remeshing — moulding to the surface
The next step in animating our CG creature is to remake the mesh so that it is easier for animators to work with .
This remeshing involves reducing the number of faces in the model ( say , from six - million to between five - and twenty - thousand faces ) so that it is quicker for the computer to handle , and also altering the weave of the mesh so that it more closely follows the moveable parts of the creature .
Dench has created software that gives the animators the power to draw points on the surface of the model , which the software then joins up ( by intersecting the plane defined by the normal vectors at these points with the surface of the model ) creating a grid of lines that follow the flow and shape of the surface — following the lines of muscle , the form of a leg , the shape of an eye .
This new mesh of quadrilaterals is much easier for animators to work with : not only does it contain far fewer faces reducing the computer power necessary , the new customised mesh now also shows much more clearly the shape and flow of the surface .
Dench 's software has been so successful , it has been used in major movies including King Kong , Happy Feet , Hell Boy 2 and Day After Tomorrow , and is now shipped with scanners sold throughout the world .
Two versions of the remeshed surface with different types of shading .
These models are made up of far fewer shapes than the original tiangle mesh .
Flattening — it 's about the detail
It 's all very well having a mesh you can work with and animate , but the reduced wireframe , even with the lighting from the computer 's imagined light source , still looks like a surface made up of quadrilaterals .
The outline is chunky , particularly in silouhette and most of the textural details of the original model from the 3D scan are lost .
This is where Dench 's other clever piece of software comes in .
Essentially , it serves as a dressmaker , making a near perfect costume so that our chunky , less detailed model can dress up as its highly detailed 3D scanned original .
We can dress our chunky wire mesh figure in the detail from the original detailed model .
The first stage is to skin the object .
The animator chooses how to cut up the mesh in order to create pieces that can be flattened , that is , pieces that have the same topology as a sheet of paper .
The animator chooses how to cut up the model to create pieces that can be flattened .
Next , just as a world map is a flattened version of the surface of the Earth , Dench 's software flattens each piece of the sliced up model in order to create a pattern for its costume .
Dench 's flattening algorithm starts by initially directly projecting each three - dimensional sheet onto two dimensions : it literally just drops the z coordinates from the ( x , y, z ) vectors describing each point on the mesh .
This produces a good result for the quadrilaterals that lie relatively flat , but those that are bent down and lie more side - on will be considerably shrunk or squeezed by this process .
Finally a process of optimisation occurs , where , step - by - step , each quadrilateral applies a force to its vertices — pulling them in if it has been stretched or pushing out if it has been shrunk .
The optimisation algorithm then adds all the forces at each vertex and moves it accordingly , again recording how well the shape of each quadrilateral represents the original .
The difference , the error , is shown as colour , with stretched cells being shown in increasing shades of red , and shrunk cells shaded degrees of blue .
Dench has designed the optimisation algorithm so that the forces applied at the vertices reduce with each iteration , until at some point the vertices would be moving by less than a pixel , and the process finishes as any changes would no longer make a difference to the final product .
( You can watch a movie of the flattening process in action : choose from Windows media video format ( WMV ) — 1.6 M or Shockwave flash format ( SWF ) &mdash 14 M .
The movie shows the flattening of two pieces of the killeroo .
The accuracy of the process can be seen by the lack of distortion of the material ( a sheet covered with numbers ) of the pattern when it is folded to fit back onto the killeroo at the end of the movie . )
Several stages towards the end of the optimising process : quadilaterals are shaded according to how much they need to be stretched or shrunk .
In the end you get what looks very much like a dressmaker 's pattern , all ready to be bent and stitched back together to create your creature .
And now you have the pattern of the creature 's costume , you just need to make it out of the right material .
Recreating the texture
This can be done in two ways .
For applications that require quicker rendering time , such as the real - time rendering that occurs in computer games , you dress the creature in a normal map .
This material is all the light and shadow seen on the original , detailed model painted onto the pieces of our creature 's costume .
Over each quadrilateral of the flattened pattern , the normals of all the finer triangles ( from the original model ) this quadrilateral contains are encoded .
This means that each quadrilateral can be coloured with the light and shade of the original detailed model by calculating the dot products of these encoded normals with the direction of the light .
It might look like the lumps and bumps of the original texture are back , but this is just a clever illusion .
If you look at the profile you can still see the chunky outline of our simple model , but it appears to have all the surface texture of the original .
The chunky outline is still visible even after you 've dressed the killeroo up with the normal map .
For applications that allow long times to render individual images of our creature , such as in the movies where each of the 24 frames shown per second can be individually rendered over hours and hours , there is another method .
Instead of just painting the surface of our creature with an image of the texture the original had , we can instead reconstruct the detail itself .
This is done through a displacement map .
Encoded onto the dressmaker 's pattern is exactly how far the points on the surface of the simpler mesh differ from the points on the original mesh .
These take the form of positive and negative values for each pixel on the dressmakers pattern .
When the costume is then applied to the simple mesh model , the detail of the original model is reconstructed point by point , as the simple mesh is pushed outward or pulled inward by the amount dictated by the displacement map .
The information for the normal map is encoded into an ordinary image file , where the XYZ coordinates of the normals for each point in the pattern are represented by the red - green - blue values of each pixel in the image .
The information for the displacement map is encoded is also encoded into an ordinary image file , here the distance between the simple mesh model and the original detailed model at each point in the pattern is represented by the gray - scale value for each pixel .
The information encoded into a normal map ( top ) and displacement map ( bottom ) .
Whether you are producing a normal map ( with painted details ) or displacement map ( with actual information on difference between surfaces ) , the complex information can be stored in a simple image file .
Essentially the picture ( usually a tiff file ) is of the geometry of the flattened model , with the map encoded onto the pieces .
Painted light and shade of the normal map is created by each pixel in the flattened pattern being encoded with the normal of the face of that point on the more detailed model ; the vector representing the normal information is encoded using the RGB ( Red , Green , Blue ) colours , with the red value representing the x coordinate , green the y coordinate and blue the z coordinate .
In contrast , the original detail for the displacement map is encoded at each pixel in the flattened pattern by using a grayscale representing the amount that the simpler surface differs from the real model at that point .
The rendering of life - like three - dimensional images on two - dimensional screens has amazed and fascinated us for centuries .
Mathematics has always been pivotal , from the rules of perspective developed in the fifteenth century to the methods of encoding colours into the pixels of your digital holiday snaps .
And with the software developed by Dench and his peers , we see how mathematics can bring the moving images of the virtual world to life .
About this article
Rachel Thomas , Co-Editor of Plus , interviewed Phil Dench of headus at their office in Rolystone , Western Australia .
LOS ANGELES , California ( CNN ) -- Tami Farrell , who became Miss California USA last week when Donald Trump dumped Carrie Prejean , promises to avoid controversy during the five months of her reign .
Tami Farrell became Miss California USA last week and is set to reign for five months .
" I 'm trying my best to kind of calm the waters , " Farrell said in an interview Sunday at the Playboy Jazz Festival at the Hollywood Bowl .
Prejean 's same - sex marriage comments , semi-nude photos and personal feud with state pageant officials contributed to a storm of controversy that brought unusual attention to the title Farrell now carries .
" I think that everything in life happens for a reason , and I 'm just blessed to have this opportunity , " Farrell said .
Farrell , 24 , said , " it 's been a crazy few days " since Wednesday , when she got the call that Prejean had been ousted .
" I keep stepping into controversy , but hopefully I can avoid it for a while , " she said .
She hopes the extra attention will help launch her show business career .
" A couple of my favorite music groups have called , because I sing , so maybe we could record something together , " she said .
Farrell did not name the groups .
She is also a writer and has had meetings in recent days about a screenplay she 's written .
" All I can tell you is that it 's hilarious and that if ( actor ) Will Farrell or ( director ) Adam McCay could give me a call , things would be wonderful , " she said .
All About Tami Farrell • Carrie Prejean
NEW ZEALAND
The Antipodean islands have long been regarded as one of the best places to live .
New Zealand has always been near the top of the Global Peace Index .
The 2009 Global Peace Index ranks New Zealand as the safest country to live in .
The survey gives New Zealand a very low score on the likelihood of violence and violent crimes .
Its also scores very low on hostility to foreigners .
The survey ranked countires on various criteria and their countire with the lowset scores were considered the safest to live in .
DENMARK & NORWAY
Denmark and Norway score the same on the Global Peace Index .
Both the Scandinavian countries are ranked at the second spot in the index .
Both countries score very well in human rights and political stability .
They also have the lowest scores on gender inequality .
ICELAND , AUSTRIA & SWEDEN
Iceland is ranked fourth in the global peace Index .
Iceland scores very high in literacy and civil liberties .
Austria is placed fifth in the rankings .
Austria scores very highly on democracy and education .
Sweden is placed sixth in the rankings .
The Scandinavian coutries dominate the top of the rankings and have similar scores on all fronts .
JAPAN
Japan , the highest ranked Asian country , is ranked seventh .
Japan scores very low on military expenditure and number of armed service personnel .
CANADA
Canada is the only North American country to figure in the top 10 .
Canada , which holds the eighth slot , has the highest percentage of women in Parliament in the Americas .
Finland is ranked ninth on the survey .
Slovenia is ranked tenth by the index .
QATAR
Oman is ranked twenty - first in the rankings .
Both Oman and Qatar score high on relations with neighbouring countries .
They are the highest ranked Arab countries in the survey .
Oman and Qatar are constitutional monarchies and form part of strife - torn Middle - East .
AUSTRALIA
Australia is ranked 19th by the index .
Australia has been in the news recently for racist attacks on Indian students , but a relaxed immigration procedure and positive human development indicators make it an attractive country to live in .
Switzerland is ranked 18th in the survey .
Chile is ranked 20th in the survey .
It is the highest ranking South American country .
BHUTAN
Bhutan is the highest ranking South Asian country .
It occupies the 40th slot .
The country that coined the concept of gross national happiness does well on human rights and boasts of low levels of violent crimes .
CHINA
The world ’s most populous nation , China is ranked at 74th by the index .
While the Communist nation scores low on political rights and human rights , its does well on the development indicators and material well being .
However , hosting the Olympics in 2008 has n’t helped the country as China slid five places from last year ’s index .
NEPAL
The Himalayan nation went through political turmoil last year with the monarchy being abolished and an elected Communist government taking over .
The political instability in the country continued following the hung Parliament .
However , Nepal ’s human development indicators have improved vastly in the last three years .
KUWAIT
In the most unstable neighbourhood in the world , Kuwait is an oasis of calm , and is ranked 42nd by the index .
Considering that Iraq , the most dangerous place to live in the world , borders Kuwait , this achievement is no mean feat .
Kuwait is regarded as one the most progressive Arab states and scores high in education and material well - being .
David Wells : ‘ Players that cheat should be banned after first offense ’
Former MLB pitcher David Wells tossed a few high hard ones at Alex Rodriguez and Roger Clemens this past weekend , saying that any player that cheats the game should be banned from baseball after the first offense .
Wells said the home runs that Rodriguez hit during the time he admitted he was on steroids should n’t count , including the three he jacked against Wells in 2003 .
He also questioned Roger Clemens ’ veracity on his constant denials that he never juiced , and said all steroids cheats should be banned from baseball after the first offense and have no shot at getting into the Hall of Fame .
“ I think that would be great .
No 50 - game suspension .
Ban them right away , ” Wells said .
“ That would stop it in a heartbeat , especially with the money they are giving out today .
It would be incredible if they did that .
You would n’t have to worry about steroids or HGH . ”
Why do players abuse steroids ?
So they can post incredible numbers , assault records , extend their careers , sign big contracts .
“ It ( stinks ) because of the fact that these guys are playing dirty and that ’s not fair to the guys who busted their butt all those years to try and stay here and just did n’t have what it took , ” Wells said .
If baseball truly wanted to stop player ’s use of performance - enhancing drugs , they would take on Wells ’ philosophy .
No player in their right mind would risk taking steroids if they knew a positive test would result in a lifetime ban from the game .
( Well , maybe I should n’t suggest that no player would risk using , because I ’m sure some nitwit would do it anyway thinking he ’d never be caught . )
One thing to note is that MLB would n’t be able to make this rule retroactive because if they did n’t think it was important to have a testing policy in place 10 years ago , then they should n’t be able to ban a player who admitted using during that time .
So guys like A - Rod and Andy Pettitte would be given a free pass for now .
But a lifetime ban would put the responsibility back into the players ’ hands – where everything starts anyway .
If a player is n’t sure that a supplement or medication will get him banned , he needs to check with a team doctor and have it authorized .
That way everyone knows what ’s going into these players ’ bodies and therefore there would n’t be any surprises .
And this would n’t just help keep the game clean , but it would also show that MLB cares about the players ’ long - term health , too .
It seems to be a win - win for all parties involved .
( CNN ) -- Richard Strandlof said he survived the 9/11 attacks on the Pentagon .
He said he survived again when a roadside bomb went off in Iraq killing four fellow Marines .
He 'd point to his head and tell people he had a metal plate , collateral damage from the explosion .
Richard Strandlof says he did n't mean to cause harm when he lied about being a military veteran .
Crowds ate up his story .
He canvassed Colorado appearing at the sides of politicians .
Inspiring and seemingly authentic , he spoke on behalf of veterans at the state Capitol .
It turns out the whole thing was a lie .
He was n't at the Pentagon .
He was never a Marine .
He never served his country .
He never graduated from the Naval Academy .
He claimed his name was Rick Duncan .
He formed a group called the Colorado Veterans Alliance , and the FBI is now investigating whether he embezzled money as a result .
Watch Strandlof defend himself »
Where was he on 9/11 , the day he said he witnessed heroism firsthand ?
" I was in San Jose , California , watching it in horror on TV with a few other people , " Strandlof told CNN 's Anderson Cooper .
He was at a homeless shelter at the time .
Strandlof denies being a pathological liar .
He says he suffered from " some severely underdiagnosed mental illness " and that he got caught up in the moment around " people who are passionate and loved what they did . "
He told CNN he had put on a " production , which I 'm sorry for . "
" Hopefully the people that I hurt can in some way gain closure from that , and I myself do n't know what I can do short of leaving them alone and not being in their lives , to make that happen , " Strandlof said .
He said he 's not sure exactly how he 's hurt people .
" It 's not for me to say , and time will tell , " he said .
Hal Bidlack , a former Air Force lieutenant colonel , is one of those people .
He ran for Congress as a Democrat and had Strandlof appear with him .
Bidlack is n't too happy .
" Once one lie fell apart , the whole series of things ... just cascaded into an ocean of lies , " he said .
Bidlack was at the Pentagon when it came under attack on September 11 , 2001 .
He now realizes that Strandlof stole portions of his own story .
" Now that we know he 's a lying fraud , " Bidlack said , " I think he was just parroting my own story back to me . "
" There are an awful lot of things that he kept straight to try to fool an awful lot of people for an awful long time . "
Doug Sterner has catalogued hundreds of people claiming to be military veterans who never served in the military .
He says it 's typical for those perpetuating the hoaxes to claim mental illness .
" I do n't buy that , " Sterner said .
" What he was doing was looking for a cause to promote himself .
I see this repeatedly .
I 've had a hundred cases just this year like Rick Strandlof 's .
...
What they 're doing is building a kingdom of self and feeding their own ego . "
Sterner has pushed for a federal database listing the names and citations of all decorated military veterans to help put an end to such cases .
He said Strandlof has robbed true veterans of their veracity .
" Doing good does not take away from the bad that he did , " he said .
" Because of Rick Strandlof , the next global war on terrorism veteran that speaks in a school or talks to the media or gets involved in politics is going to be questioned . "
According to the Denver Post , Strandlof came to authorities ' attention first in 1997 , when he was sentenced to five years on forgery and bad - check charges .
With the FBI now investigating him for fraud , he told CNN he 's innocent .
" We did not take money to use on non-veterans projects .
I did not enrich myself on this .
I did not gain any money from this , " he said .
That 's not the point , said Sterner .
" The one thing he robbed from every veteran that comes out now is credibility . "
CNN 's Joe Johns contributed to this report .
All About The Pentagon
Imagined by Canadian cartoonist John Martz for momentile.com , this humourous scene appears to visitors of the site who still run IE6 as their browser .
Thanks to John for releasing the picture under CC .
Merci Carl !
[ Source : Flickr ( CC ) ]
Phil Rogers of the Chicago Tribune is fed up with Cubs ’ starter Carlos Zambrano and thinks the club should drop kick Big Z to the curb .
Get Carlos Zambrano out of here , even if the Cubs have to give him away .
He ’s not the guy you want as the ace of a curse - busting team , and at this point , it ’s wishful thinking that he ’ll ever mature into that guy .
Proving that I did not attend Kellogg , Wharton or even the Acme School of Business , I offer this proposition for Jim Hendry : First thing Monday morning , put Zambrano on waivers .
If anyone claims him and the $ 62.75 million left on his contract , which runs through 2012 , immediately trade him for whatever is being offered , from a bag of balls to a 32 - year - old minor - leaguer .
Because Hendry gave Zambrano a full no - trade clause in a 2007 contract extension , Zambrano can choose :
Either go where he ’s being dealt , waving goodbye to Wrigley Field , or block the trade and deal with the knowledge that you ’re playing for a team that believes it can live without you .
There are many reasons that a Cubs ’ team with more than $ 140 million invested in payroll is in fourth place in the National League Central , and one of them is a front - runner , not a difference - maker .
The Cubs are 0 - 5 in Zambrano ’s starts in the playoffs , being outscored 31 - 15 .
We ’ll dismiss the 2003 NL Championship Series as old news and blame Piniella for lifting him when he was in a 1 - 1 game against Brandon Webb in the 2007 playoff opener , but his pitching had as much to do with the ugly Game 2 loss to Los Angeles last year as did the four infield errors .
Hendry had a chance to let Zambrano walk as a free agent after 2007 , the season in which he beat up catcher Michael Barrett during a game at Wrigley , but injuries to Mark Prior and Kerry Wood gave Zambrano a hammer .
Too bad the one he now swings makes funny noises , like the one Moe favored when whacking Larry and Curly .
“ All rumors are completely false .
Mike Brown will be the Cavaliers head coach next season , ” a team source told Chris Broussard of ESPN The Magazine .
The Cavs front office are trying to do a little damage control after rumors started that they might be looking to replace Mike Brown .
A couple of sources yesterday said that the Cavs front office was at odds with each other over the decision to keep their head coach .
I am not sure how any owner could get away with firing the NBA coach of the year , but I am sure Brown would find a new job rather quickly .
This is good news for Cavs fans .
Now I know all of us were frustrated with how the team and coaching staff performed in the Eastern Conference Finals .
Ask anyone close to me and they would tell you that series killed me .
I was at game 4 and it was one tough pill to swallow .
But hear me out on this , bringing in a new coach during the last season of LeBron ’s contract would be putting everything into next season .
I think if LeBron sees consistency from the Cavs and the front office improves the talent around him this off - season they will be better suited to resign the King .
What would you rate Cleveland 's draft ?
A
B
C
D
F View Results
Someone claimed that OOP made it easier for programmers to develop large applications from components .
I have been thinking about this claim for the last several weeks .
There are two parts to this claim .
One is that programmers began to develop large applications more easily from components at the time OOP became popular .
Two is that OOP was the what allowed ease of development .
I am not certain either claim is true .
I did find it hard to believe that OOP could be responsible for improving productivity .
When I think of OOP what comes to my mind is virtual method specialization / dynamic dispatch .
Dynamic dispatch is a scary programming technique .†
When you call a virtual method , you never know what might happen .
This makes it difficult to reason about such code , and code that is hard to reason about is hard to maintain .
Dynamic dispatch has its uses , but they are relatively limited .
I feel that OOP style encourages this dangerous technique , and it ends up being abused .
How could a programing technique that is so dangerous be responsible for improving programmer productivity ?
I discussed this question with several of my friends to get their opinion .
My conclusion from this discussion is that it is OOP ’s encapsulation technique that improved productivity rather than its dynamic dispatch .
Back before structured programming , in languages such as BASIC and FORTRAN all state was global and people were GOTOing anywhere and everywhere .
This spaghetti code was very difficult to reason about and thus very difficult to maintain .
When structural programming became popular , programmers working in C and Pascal used local variables in procedures to limit the scope of some state .
Entry and exits from procedures clarified control flow .
People were not forced into the structural style , in C you can still GOTO wherever you want , but programmers were encouraged to use this style .
With structural programming , global variables were still common in software .
Then OOP became popular and languages such as C++ and Object Pascal were developed .
The OOP style encouraged encapsulation of these global variables and this all but eliminated global variables .
People were not forced into this style , you can still access your friend ’s private members , but programmers were encouraged .
Also , it is possible to use encapsulation in C ; however , it is difficult because the could not easily enforce private access to members .
If you allow me to speculate , I think the next programming revolution will be stateless / pure / immutable programming .
In OOP , objects can hold pointers to data that someone else can change out from under you .
This makes code difficult to reason about , and hence difficult to maintain .
Anyone who has worked with immutable data can probably appreciate how much easier such code is to work with and maintain .
By stateless / immutable programming I mean having interfaces that appear stateless , so “ pure ” is the best word to describe what I mean .
I do n’t think typical programmers will be working in a strictly pure language such as Haskell .
They will probably be working in some language that simply encourages this style of programming .
However , I will stick to programming in Haskell for the time being .
(†) I should tread lightly because Haskell ’s typeclass system provides dynamic dispatch .
For various reasons , I find this technique is less problematic in Haskell because of how it is typically used .
Firstly , most class methods are invoked when the instance is known at compile time .
In such cases , there is no dynamic dispatch .
Secondly , there are usually informal laws that class instances are required to satisfy .
This makes it easier to reason about those truly polymorphic class method invocations .
Though , the Haskell community could stand to do better in way of documenting these informal laws .
A scene from last year ’s
Blessing of the Bikes .
( Photos © J. Maus )
For the second year in a row , The Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception ( St. Mary ’s ) in Northwest Portland will host a Blessing of the Bikes — and it could n’t come at a better time .
With summer bike traffic heating up , I ’ve been getting a noticeable increase in emails and phone calls about bike - car , bike - bike , and bike - pedestrian collisions .
It ’s also a busy time for bike racers , who face perils of their own .
And it goes without saying that June has by far the highest number of bike - related events of any month in the year .
Story continues below
advertisement
At the Blessing of the Bikes last year , Deacon Thomas Gornick welcomed a few dozen people to the courtyard at St. Mary’s .
In the crowd were Susie Kubota and Sophie Sparling , aunt and mom of Tracey Sparling , the woman who lost her life while on her bike back in October 2007 .
Here ’s more about Sunday ’s event from the flyer :
If you ride for pleasure , commute , or race …
If you ride an old or new , mountain or street bike …
If you have just started or have ridden for years …
All are welcome to the Blessing of the Bikes .
During the short program , Deacon Gornick will bless riders and their bicycles and will take a moment to remember those who have died in past years .
Blessing of the Bikes
Cathedral of Immaculate Conception ( St. Mary ’s ) ( NW 18th and Couch )
Sunday , June 7 – 2 – 2:30 pm
Front Page , News
It is not the first time that someone has been whipped into enough of a frenzy to excoriate me publicly .
Years ago , when I was just talking about race play among a small group of people , and had only one class under my belt , I took this type of fuckery much more heavily .
Nowadays , I am mostly unruffled by such bullshit .
But today , it went down again , but with an extra twist : someone threatened violence .
Hopefully , this so - called class will fail miserably to attract even enough interest to cover the cost of presenting this abomination as “ kink ” .
Forced Black slavery = 60 million known deaths , Ethnic cleansing at the hands of the Nazis = 10 million known deaths , the European takeover of North American = uncalculated deaths that totaled the annihilation of multiple races and the loss forever of countless traditions and ways of life .
A really small segment of misguided people , attempting to seek justification in re-enacting that which the public has repeatedly rejected as far to painful , to far too many is again on a quest to show that anything is acceptable when it is defined as “ kink ” .
This response is written to assure that you are aware of those who will react in the extreme , to any such scenes played out in a public venue .
While no one can deny the right of adults to do as they please in private as long as the acts are consensual and non injurious , no one should be dumb enough or uncaring enough to force this issue in a public venue .
For the record , I am one of those militant - minded individuals who will react violently to such a scene , should I to come upon one in public .
All should be warned that I am not alone , as such would injure many and they will react most unpleasantly to such a scene .
It takes ovaries of steel , really , for me to do what I do and I rarely give myself credit for this .
The first time I taught the “ race play ” class at a national event was Black Rose .
I was very nervous .
Afraid I ’d be heckled , booed out of the venue .
However .
The room was SRO packed and filled with a broad spectrum ( well , broad by Leather Community standards ) of kinksters .
All curious , all respectful , even when they differed in opinion .
This was gratifying because I ’d had my share of abuse heaped on my head .
All of it from other POC .
I have n’t ever censored myself out of fear .
I am not about to now .
Once I saw this message posted on a list associated with the Citadel , where I ’ll be presenting my discussion on race play the day after tomorrow , I brought it to the attention of Phil , the Manager of the Citadel .
Taking my concerns seriously , he called an old friend of mine , Jay Wiseman , who is a good resource and cautious to a fault .
Jay called me and calmed me down a bit .
( Thanks dudes . )
Indeed , this is most likely posturing , and the threat was n’t SPECIFICALLY against ME .
But still …
Over it .
In June 2009 , Xena ran for Homecoming Queen to support the animal shelter that she was originally adopted from .
But there was a problem : Big Tobacco pulled their support at the last minute !
She tried Big Oil , but they snubbed her .
One by one , all of the special interest groups turned their back on her until only one remained : The Internet .
Xena reached out with this campaign site and was able to raise over $ 200 .
Thanks so much to all of her contributors !
How Owning Genetic Materials Drives Farmers Into Bankruptcy and Suicide
A fascinating interview with Vandana Shiva by Lohan discusses how companies like Monsanto , through their ownership of agricultural seeds , drove Indian farmers into bankruptcy and caused mass suicides .
In a decade , about 200,000 farmers have commited suicide in India .
Why ?
“ In 1998 , the World Bank ’s structural - adjustment policies forced India to open up its seed sector to global corporations like Cargill , Monsanto and Syngenta , ” Shiva wrote .
“ The global corporations changed the input economy overnight .
Farm - saved seeds were replaced by corporate seeds , which need fertilizers and pesticides and cannot be saved .
… …
When Monsanto ’s
Bt cotton was introduced , the seed costs jumped from 7 rupees per kilo to 17,000 rupees per kilo .
Our survey shows a thirteenfold increase in pesticide use in cotton in Vidharbha .
Meantime , the $ 4 billion subsidy given to U.S. agribusiness for cotton has led to dumping and depression of international prices .
Squeezed between high costs and negative incomes , farmers commit suicide when their land is being appropriated by the money lenders who are the agents of the agrichemical and seed corporations .
The suicides are thus a direct result of industrial globalized agriculture and corporate monopoly on seeds .
Rising prices for inputs , lower prices for the crops .
Simple enough , really .
The first suicide that we studied took place in Warrangal in Andhra Pradesh in 1997 .
This region is a rain - fed dry region and used to grow dry land crops such as millets , pigeon pea etc .
In 1997 , the seed corporations converted the region from biodiverse agriculture to monocultures of cotton hybrid .
The farmers were not told they would need irrigation .
They were not told that they would need fertilizers and pesticides .
They were not told they could not save the seeds .
The cotton seeds were sold as “ White Gold , ” with a false promise that farmers would become millionaires .
Instead , the farmers landed in severe unpayable debt .
This is how the suicides began .
Likewise these crops require a lot more water and that has led to a severe drawdown of aquifers .
VS : India is a land of varied climates , from rainforests to deserts .
Seventy percent of Indian farming is rain - fed ( dependent on rain not irrigation ) .
Introducing inappropriate crops and cropping patterns has aggravated the water crisis and precipitated more frequent crop failure .
Ecological agriculture needs 10 times less water than chemical farming .
Green Revolution varieties , hybrids and GM crops are all bred for irrigation .
On the one hand , this puts pressure on farmers in low - rainfall zones to drill tube wells , which fail — on the other hand , it leads to more frequent crop failure .
To summarize : first world subsidies on agriculture lead to first world prices that are artificially low , which leads to dumping , which reduces the price of the crops .
Something Shiva does n’t mention is that each time a third world country moves to cash crops , that too depresses the prices as there just are n’t that many cash crops .
Having to buy seeds every year , having to buy pesticides and fertilizers and having to irrigate all increase the cost of farming significantly , and also cause drawdown of aquifers .
Once those aquifers are gone ( and they are being drawn down faster than the water is being replaced ) the areas in question wo n’t be able to grow any meaningful crops at all .
Patenting life forms is inherently problematic .
At the current time the law is that if a genetically modified seed drifts onto your land , and interbreeds with your crops , the company that owned the seed now owns all of your seeds , which you must destroy if it insists .
So once GMO seeds are introduced into an area , it becomes difficult to impossible for farmers not to use them .
The destruction of biodiversity in crops , which started with the Green Revolution , has alikewise moved into turbo - seed which have to be bought every year , which are genetically engineered , do n’t change .
Monoculture crops are very vulnerable to disease and pests , but worse than that as older species are lost , we lose their genetic heritage , which could have much of value .
They may have medicinal uses we do n’t know about , may have genetic features that make them resistant to specific pests or disease , or better for certain environmental conditions , and so on .
Once they ’re gone , they ’re gone for good .
In any case , the world needs less monoculture agriculture and more ecological agriculture .
Not just because it is more sustainable and the world is on track to create massive dust bowls in the US , China and India due to overuse of water , but because grain based diets are inherently less healthy than more varied vegetable diets .
A huge amount of the current pandemic of degenerative diseases in the 1st world , which is at its worst in the US , can be laid at the feet of the the Standard American Diet ( SAD ) , which consists of far too much sugar , starch , grains and corn based foods denatured of natural nutrients .
This diet has contributed heavily to an epidemic of obesity , diabetes , heart disease and cancer .
Likewise , what was once known as “ adult onset diabetes ” is now common in childhood , and obesity .
The real cause of the first world ’s crisis in health care costs is that people are just sicker than they used to be , not just when they get old , but at every stage of their life .
And that is largely a reflection of how we now eat , combined with lack of regular exercise .
As nations famed for their good health adopt a more American diet ( like the French ) the incidence of obesity and chronic degenerative disease immediately rises .
It is thus in the first world ’s interests to stop with the heavy subsidization of grain and corn , to allow third world nations to protect their farm economies from foreign competition and to move , themselves , to an agriculture which produces more highly nutrient dense vegetables and less grains and corn .
This will pay back , in the long run , with lower healthcare costs and a healthier , more producitve population .
And as a side benefit , there will be a lot less farmer suicides .
Update [ 2009-6-21 19:39:42 by problem is ] :
Interesting .
As to my comment about the US news media not reporting the story , Tom Petruno of the LA Times says :
http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/...
The case has received little play in mainstream media , which Pesek presumes is because it ’s so surreal .
You mean Mr. LA Times , surreal as in absurd like the latest Paris Hilton crapola your paper prints daily ??
From Mr. Denninger at The Market Ticker :
http://market-ticker.denninger.net/
" The Bond Saga : It Gets More Odd "
Reuters by way of Mr. Denninger :
http://www.reuters.com/...
" UPDATE 1 - U.S.
Treasury says bonds seized in Italy are fakes "
" Based on the photograph we 've seen online , they are clearly fake .
And not even good fakes , " said Stephen Meyerhardt , a spokesman for the Treasury 's Bureau of the Public Debt .
He added that there is only $ 105 million in Treasury bearer bond securities outstanding , so the $ 134 billion amount seized far exceeds the universe of outstanding securites .
And :
" In the last two years , Italian authorities have seized some $ 800 million of U.S. bonds in the Como area in northern Italy . "
Mr. Denninger :
Wait a second ...... $ 800 million in real bonds have been seized , but there are only $ 105 million outstanding ?
The Financial Times by way of Mr. Denninger :
http://www.ft.com/...
" Mafia blamed for $ 134bn fake Treasury bills "
The mystery deepened on Thursday as an Italian blog quoted Colonel Rodolfo Mecarelli of the Como provincial finance police as saying the two men had been released .
Mr. Denninger :
What ?
I find it incomprehensible that the Italian government released these two if they were actually caught in a massive counterfeiting operation with $ 134 billion in fake US Securities .
I find it equally incomprehensible that there was not an immediate indictment out of a US Prosecutor coming from such an event and a demand for extradition back to the United States .
So let 's see if we can try to sort out what we 're " learning " : * The bonds are declared fake by the Treasury , stating that there 's only $ 100 million outstanding and obviously $ 134 billion have to be fake .
* Italy claims to have seized $ 800 million in real US Bonds in the last year .
* The last legitimate issue of paper US Treasuries ( that is publicly admitted to ) was in the early 1980s when bearer instruments were outlawed .
All are now stated to be electronic ( just a serial number and amount . )
* The two gentlemen are allegedly Japanese , and there are various stories about who they really are - from notorious counterfeiters who have served hard time for previous offenses to Japanese finance officials .
Most notably , there has been no public statement from Italy about these gentlemen 's actual identities .
* It appears from all reports that these two were detained but not arrested , with some reports that they were not only released but took the allegedly - fake instruments with them , even though Italian law precludes both your release and return of your fake instruments if you are caught with fake securities or currency .
Well , it could all be " tin foil hat stuff " like reader drsmith131 pointed out ...
Thanks Mr.Denninger for letting contradictions in the facts " bug " you .
A healthy dose of skepticism especially in political discourse or " official " US government statements and announcements might keep more of our own money in our own pockets ... if you get my Summers / Geithner Wall Street reform plan drift ...
Original Post :
Several financial and economic blogs have picked up and analyzed this story .
These are some smart financial people , generally capitalist free marketeers , not your conspiracy theorist wing - nut crowd .
Photo courtesy of Adnkronos :
http://www.adnkronos.com/...
Reposted by Joe Weisenthal at Clusterstock :
http://www.businessinsider.com/...
We start with Karl Denninger at " The Market Ticker " :
http://market-ticker.denninger.net/...
Smuggling Or Counterfeit - Printing ?
Ok , this was rumored several days ago , but now I can find actual news reports - at least , outside the US ...
Those sound like Bearer Bonds - at least the Kennedy ones do .
We no longer issue those ( nor does pretty much anyone else ) for obvious reasons - they 're essentially money and can be had in VERY large size , making them great vehicles for various illegal enterprises .
But folks :
This is $ 134.5 billion dollars worth .
The Fed no longer issues bearer bonds ?
Sean Maher from " Dead Cats Bouncing " reports :
http://www.deadcatsbouncing.com/...
Who Was Smuggling $ 134bn in US Bonds to Switzerland ?
The presentation of huge sums in US bearer bonds is n't unprecedented in fact , even if it is in scale .
In 2008 , two bearer bonds to the value of $ 1bn were presented in Singapore , and upon authentification the receipt from the Federal Reserve was signed by Ben Bernanke himself .
So who would be smuggling $ 134 billion in US issued bearer bonds to sell them in Switzerland and why ?
Sean Maher expands on it in the Global Post :
http://www.globalpost.com/...
It 's not as crazy as it sounds .
The Fed did actually issue bearer bonds up to the value of $ 500 m each until the late 1960's ( when electronic record keeping superseded them ) , and these look on initial examination like the genuine article .
So counterfeit or genuine Bernankes :
Mr. Maher :
If they are fakes , it would be the biggest such operation in history , and would almost certainly imply state involvement , with North Korea the prime suspect .
Mr. Denninger :
So if they 're fakes and you 're " just screwing around " , there is no reason to hide them .
Nor is there any particular reason to have authentic and recent original bank documents in your luggage with them , as has been reported .
Mr. Denninger :
To add some balance here , there have been stories about fake bearer bonds coming out of North Korea and other places for years .
But the idiocy of attempting to pass a $ 500 million certificate belies this possibility - who in the name of God would take such a thing and give you anything for it without authenticating it first ?
While bearer instrument are " anonymous " in terms of who owns them , their authenticity is easily verified as they ARE serialized instruments .
Mr. Denninger :
As Mr. Holmes is famously rumored to have said , " once you eliminate the impossible , whatever remains , however implausible , must be the truth . "
So what remains ?
Let 's run a theory here - one of the few possible remaining options , given the exclusion of what we know not to be true ...
Genuine Bernankes ?
Mr. Maher :
If they are real , they could only have come from a handful of countries with sufficient dollar reserves to have accumulated such a huge sum , notably China and Japan .
Mr. Denninger :
How much is $ 130 billion in this context ?
About 1/5th or so of what Japan legitimately owns of US Treasury debt .
Mr. Derringer followed up today :
http://market-ticker.denninger.net/
Note :
Since this is today 's post you may have to follow up int future with the title " The Saga Of The Bearer Bonds . "
I will try and come back to update the link .
The Saga Of The Bearer Bonds
So let 's assume that the certificates are real , as German media seems to believe and which , by the way , makes logical sense given what they were and the sheer impossibility of cashing a fake $ 500 million bond .
Conclusion Mr. Denninger :
Are we willing to assume that all the " issue " of Treasury bonds has been done " above board " as required by law .
If Treasury has been surreptitiously issuing bonds to , say , Japan , as a means of financing deficits that someone did n't want reported over the last , oh , say 10 or 20 years , then the following is about to occur ...
I remain puzzled , and am not advancing the above theory as fact .
It is , however , one of the few explanations that actually fits the facts , and for that reason , I think we need some answers .
If in fact previous administrations were issuing " off- book " Treasury debt in this fashion to sovereigns then implications are truly explosive as such issues are blatant and outrageous unlawful acts and would expose everyone involved to severe criminal penalties .
And why oh why would a nation want to dump US bonds quietly ?
Mr. Maher :
The significance of this story is that it highlights the very topical importance of retaining investor faith in a fiat currency ; if the supply of money is suddenly perceived to be vastly higher than believed , whether as a result of policy or widespread fraud , confidence can be badly shaken ... an Asian country were genuinely but secretly attempting to dump dollar paper for other assets , the implications are very disturbing for international markets .
Very interesting indeed .
Bernanke has personally signed 2 bearer bonds worth a total of $ 1 billion as recently as 2008 .
The US corporate media appears to be silent on a " possible " massive counterfeiting fraud that could implicate North Korea ... think about the BS mileage CNN could get on that one .
For those that have been paying attention , the evidence of market manipulation on Wall Street is overwhelming in the last 6 months .
Failures to deliver have moved from equity spikes to Treasury spikes .
The Fed is now implicated in using a surrogate to manipulate equities and futures purchases , mostly in the last half hour of the trading day to flood the light volume market with buy orders .
Those at the Fed and Treasury know the tight correlation between the DJIA , S&P 500 and consumer confidence due to the baby boomers love of their 401k values .
Intervening in the last 20 minutes , dumping up to $ 12 billion in buy orders to just push the Dow and S&P into positive territory , repeatedly and particularly on Friday so the News idiots repeat all weekend that the markets are up is a manipulation that correlates with the discredited " green shoots " propaganda on the economy coming out of Washington and Wall Street .
So if their exists manipulation in the markets by the Fed and Treasury , is the Fed 's involvement with issuing debt outside of the normal channels to keep it under the money supply expansion radar not feasible ?
Perhaps one of the several reasons Bernanke and Geithner fear an audit of the Fed and full disclosure to Congress for their activities ?
Take a  seat
Direction and expert advice for when you retire and pass on your business , find investment or simply want a change of direction .
As the old saying goes , ignorance is bliss .
Think , for instance , about the victims of Bernie Madoff 's infamous Ponzi scheme .
You can bet your bankroll that those people were a far sight happier before they received the news that their mountains of money had vanished without a trace .
In truth , those folks were never as handsomely rich as they believed , but the perception of wealth probably added a comfortable cushion against life 's little annoyances .
Certainly , in the realm of personal finances , the truth can sting .
A study published in the Journal of Consumer Affairs found that people tend to overestimate , rather than underestimate , their creditworthiness [ source : Trejos ] .
Those who do miscalculate their financial health end up suffering more due to poor money management .
Advertisement
Advertisement
But in both of those scenarios , the problem was n't so much stupidity as it was a lack of awareness .
What you do n't know can't hurt you -- that is , until you find out about it .
So how about a genuine lack of intelligence ?
Do smarts come with the added baggage of bad moods ?
If you know more , are you less able to see the bright side of life ?
A 2005 study of intelligence and emotional health conducted at the University of Edinburgh found no correlation between brains and happiness [ source : Edelson ] .
According to the results , greater intelligence acts as a double - edged sword when it comes to happiness .
On the one hand , smarter people are better equipped to provide for themselves ; on the other , those same people may strive continually to achieve more and be less satisfied with the status quo .
At low - income levels , the issue of resource acquisition may make a greater impact on personal happiness , but the effects are n't long - lasting .
Just like the fading bliss of new romance , at some point , the happiness honeymoon ends .
Rather than intelligence , the most salient factor contributing to self - reported happiness in the University of Edinburgh study was quality of life .
A bed - ridden genius probably wo n't have the same amount of life satisfaction as someone of average intelligence who can still get around .
Yet , since quality of life is comprised of many external dynamics , such as geography , education and socioeconomic background , that leaves an important question lingering .
If happiness is an internal emotion , what type of internal , innate qualities contribute to it ?
Latvia 's prime minister must make cuts to receive loans from the EU
Latvia 's prime minister says that he has saved the country from bankruptcy .
Valdis Dombrovskis told public radio that the decision late on Thursday to cut 500 m lats ( $ 1bn ; £ 607 m ) from the budget was " very difficult " .
But the cuts were needed for the country to receive the next instalment of its European Union bail - out loans .
The country agreed a 7.5 bn euro ( $ 10.5 bn ; £ 6.4 bn ) loan package in December , but must cut the budget deficit to receive the loans .
" The signals we have been getting from the European Commission are positive , " he said .
The five - party coalition government agreed to a series of measures with unions and employers .
The cuts will include reducing old age pensions by 10 % and cutting public sector salaries by 20 % , but they decided against increasing income taxes .
Parliament will vote on the changes next week .
Latvia 's currency is pegged to the euro , but the recession has hit Latvia so badly that many analysts believe it will have to devalue the lat .
Latvia 's central bank has been intervening to support the currency this week .
Pin Share Email 2 Shares
The past 6 months have gone extremely well for my wife and me .
My job has remained stable through the tough times , I received an unexpected bonus and my blog income has been steadily increasing .
Making ends meet is no longer a huge issue .
We first started seriously doing a budget last year because we were enrolled in Financial Peace University .
It was required for the class that we come up with a working budget .
Once we did our budget , we discovered that it really worked .
We found problem areas in our budget , and were able to cut those areas significantly to save hundreds of dollars every month .
We were finally telling our money where to go , not trying to figure out where it had all gone .
Over the past year we ’ve been pretty good about staying within the constraints of our budget , but over time we gave in to a slow creep of allowing ourselves to go outside the budget every once in a while .
After all , we ’re doing pretty well , right ?
Getting Off Track
In a post that he wrote a while back , Larry at GatherLittleByLittle.com talked about the top reasons that people do n’t budget .
One of the reasons struck home for me .
Many people do n’t do a budget because their spending is already less than their income , and they do n’t think that they need to budget :
“ I do n’t need a budget , I have plenty of money left over each month ” or “ I already spend less than I earn and save the difference , I do n’t need a budget “ .
First off , if you are saying either of these , kudos to you !
Both of these statements are keys to wealth .
Now , with that being said I ask , if you were on a budget , how much more would you have to save or invest ?
Do n’t know ?
A budget would tell you .
This is the trap that my wife and I have been falling into the last few months .
We ’ve been doing well , our spending is less than our income , and we ’re able to save a little bit every month .
At the same time , we ’ve been falling away from doing our budget because we ’ve been feeling secure in where we were .
Without our budget and the accountability that goes along with it , we ’ve actually re-started some old bad habits .
We ’ve started eating out more than we should , and spending money on things we have n’t really budgeted for .
We like being able to spend what we want , when we want .
The problem is , if we were on a budget , how much more could we be giving , saving or investing ?
A biblical look at this subject can be found in Genesis 41 ( thanks Miranda ! ) where it talks about Joseph .
Joseph had become very powerful in Egypt , and times were good .
They had 7 years of good harvests , but instead of resting on his laurels , Joseph planned ahead ( budgeted ) for the lean times he knew would be coming .
Because he had planned when times were good , many people were saved .
By the same token , if we plan ahead when times are good , we ’ll be able to ride out many tough situations that others might not be able to .
Getting Back To Budgeting Basics
Now that we ’ve realized that our spending is starting to get out of whack , it ’s time to re-examine our budget , look at our spending priorities , and start focusing on our future goals again .
How will we do that ?
I ’ll look at our spending for the last couple of months , and compare it to our old budget .
By doing that I can figure out where our problem areas are .
I ’m guessing they ’re going to be in the same old spots – eating out and discretionary “ blow money ” .
I ’ll update our zero based budget to account for our current income level .
That way we can make sure that we ’re saving and giving enough .
Also , we ’ll re-adjust the money allocated to certain categories in case we ’ve under or over allocated money in the past .
Once the budget is updated we ’ll have a family budget meeting to talk about our new revised budget , and talk about how much we ’ll be spending / saving in the important categories .
Communication is key !
Doing a budget is n’t always a pleasant process , but it is an important one .
I believe it is one of the more important factors in being financially successful .
Besides the financial success , it has some other pleasant unintended consequences including peace of mind , and creating unity in a marriage .
That ’s something money ca n’t buy !
Have you ever found yourself in a situation where you ’ve stopped working on your budget because you ’re doing well and felt like you did n’t need it any more ?
Once you stopped budgeting did the bad money habits start creeping back in ?
Tell us about it in the comments .
Pin Share Email 2 Shares
Not your average hologram , researchers have developed a method that makes use of a 20 mm focal length achromatic lens and helium - neon laser to create a holographic image .
Continue reading for the video demonstration .
Hey there !
Thanks for dropping by Procrastination @bound !!!!
Take a look around and grab the RSS feed to stay updated .
See you around !
Trader guilty of Britain 's worst animal cruelty case can still keep horses
A horse trader was found guilty of Britain 's worst animal cruelty case yesterday - but he is still keeping animals in appalling conditions on his farm .
James Gray's ' grotesque ' treatment of his horses and donkeys led to the death of dozens of the animals , while survivors were forced to live in rotting remains .
Victim of neglect :
One rescued animal discovered by the RSPCA on the farm
Neglected :
The body of one of the Gray family 's donkeys found by inspectors
James Gray :
His treatment of horses and donkeys led to dozens of deaths
But despite the conviction of Gray and his family yesterday , a delay in sentencing means authorities are powerless to prevent him from buying more horses .
And if Gray , 45 , appeals against his punishment , he will be able to continue the sick trade of bedraggled horses - many of which end up on French dinner plates - until legal process runs its course .
The RSPCA raided Spindles Farm in Hyde Heath , Buckinghamshire , in January 2008 , and has spent over £ 850,000 caring for the 115 animals it rescued .
But the charity has since been forced to visit the farm on several occasions after being alerted to further cases of alleged cruelty .
Their inspectors discovered dozens of horses , some said to be severely
malnourished .
At least three have since died .
One veterinary source told the Daily Mail he regularly spots Gray at horse sales across the UK .
' It makes me sick to see him with that arrogant smile buying horses on the cheap that he will no doubt mistreat , ' the source said .
' All he cares about is making a profit . '
Gray and son James junior , 16 , were yesterday convicted of 11 charges under the Animal Welfare Act at Bicester Magistrates ' Court .
Ghastly evidence : A horse carcass left to rot under tree branches and rubbish at Spindle Farm in Amersham , Buckinghamshire
Horse skulls left in a heap on the horror farm , where vets were overwhelmed by the stench of rotting flesh
His wife Julie , 41 , and daughters Jodie , 26 , and Cordelia , 20 , were each found guilty of two charges under the same act .
District Judge Andrew Vickers spelt out the harrowing scene found at the farm .
' Emaciated animals , tethered with no food or water , ' he said .
' Rotting bodies of maltreated animals left to decompose among living ones .
Twelve donkeys crammed into a pen measuring just nine feet square . '
Meanwhile , veterinary surgeon Robert Baskerville wrote in a report : ' This represents the worst case of neglect in a lifetime of working with horses . '
Discovery :
An aerial view of the RSPCA rounding up abused animals last year
The court heard surviving animals were so malnourished they could not stand and were collapsed in faeces .
RSPCA inspector Kirsty Hampton said yesterday : ' This case was distressing beyond measure .
What we were confronted with at the farm was grotesque .
' To see animals in such awful conditions was overwhelming .
This verdict sends a clear message out . '
Gray , who has a previous conviction for causing a horse to suffer , will be sentenced along with his family on June 12 .
Each faces a maximum six - month prison sentence and a £ 20,000 fine .
Fran Cornwell , from the Think animal campaign group , said : ' The Grays must never be allowed to have any animals again . '
Rescued : Pinocchio , left , has now recovered at a sanctuary after his neglect
TEHRAN  Iranian officials stepped up efforts to crush the remaining resistance to a disputed presidential election on Wednesday , as security forces overwhelmed a small group of protesters with brutal beatings , tear gas and gunshots in the air .
Intelligence agents shut down an office of a defeated presidential candidate , saying it was a “ headquarters for a psychological war . ”
The nation ’s leadership cast anyone refusing to accept the results of the race as an enemy of the state .
Analysts suggested that the unyielding response showed that Iran ’s leaders , backed by the supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , had lost patience and that Iran was now , more than ever , a state guided not by clerics of the revolution but by a powerful military and security apparatus .
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has maintained a low profile , but evidence suggests that he has filled security agencies with crucial allies .
“ What has been going on since 2005 is the shift of the center of power from the clergy to the Pasdaran , ” or the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps , said a political analyst with years of experience in Iran who feared retribution if identified .
“ In a way one could say that Iran is no longer a theocracy , but a government headed by military chiefs . ”
So like I mentioned in my previous post , I ’ve been receiving quite a lot of review material from FUNimation lately .
While I ’m never going to have the time to get to watch all these new releases and re-releases , it does give me a chance to scope out the current new offering in the R1 market .
But being able to see all these new releases has made me realize that lately the packaging from FUNimation has been a real crapshoot as far as quality goes .
This comes from the company trying to cut costs in a dying DVD market and from trying to ship out the massive amount of new catalog they acquired from Geneon and ADV .
The result seems to be that no two packages are alike .
They ’re all made up of different sizes , cases , structures , and designs .
But one such package I received from them recently was so incredibly bad that I simply could not do it justice describing it on Twitter .
So please allow me to take you through a photo tour on what must be the worst anime packaging ever .
When I first encountered the boxset to The Law of Ueki , I see that it contains two double sized DVD jewel cases wrapped together in shrink wrap .
I remove the wrap to find that the two cases are stuck together by some gluey adhesive , the kind that you ’d find in a magazine when there ’s a card or something that you can remove from the page .
This makes the two cases easy to separate , so I pull them apart to discover …
They ’re identical .
Front , back , spine … these two double - sized DVD cases are 100 % identical .
They both even have the same UPC bar code on the back .
Of course , my first thought is , “ Crap !
Somebody at FUNimation screwed up and sent me two copies of the same series !!! ” ( T_T )
So as I ’m starting to figure out what I ’m going to do with my extra copy of Ueki , I crack open the box to see what ’s inside .
Holy crap , they ’ve got a lot of DVDs crammed in there !
In fact , when you combine both cases , you ’d count 11 discs in total .
Hold on !
Eleven DVDs divided among two cases … that does n’t make sense , eleven is an odd number .
So I go back and count each case again .
Oh my god , this case has one more DVD than the other !
Oh my god , they ’re all different DVDs !
Yes , the entire Law of Ueki series is made up of 11 DVDs , and they are spread across both cases .
Both identical cases .
The first problem this presents is , “ well , how do I know which case has the first half of the series and which case has the second half of the series ? ”
Well , from the outside , you can ’t .
Again , both cases are 100 % identical .
If you were to place them on your shelf , it would look like you have two copies of the same series .
Okay , so I open up one case to see if it contains the first half of the series or the second half .
Do n’t bother looking too closely , my dear reader , because you ’re not going to find a volume number on the disc .
This is an 11 - DVD series boxset , and not a single one of the discs are numbered .
Great , just freaking great . (-_-)
So I start looking around for some kind of episode guide to help me figure out which discs were which , but these cases are so full of DVDs that there ’s no room for any inserts .
Just when I thought all hope was lost …
Wait , what ’s that behind the DVD ?
It looks like there ’s something on the reverse side of the DVD sleeve .
There it is !
There ’s your episode guide !
FUNimation was kind enough to give you a helping hand in figure out which DVD you ’re supposed to start off with .
And all you have to do is remove the DVDs from the case to be able to read the it ! (-_-)
It is as if the designers at FUNimation had specifically engineered this set to be as confusing and frustrating as possible to the end user .
Just what were they thinking ?
Now I know that I should put the blame for the unnumbered DVDs on Geneon , that was something that they liked to do and FUNi is just repackaging their old DVDs .
However , making the two separate cases identical and then hiding the episode guide behind all the DVDs , that ’s all FUNi ’s fault .
So shame on you , Mr. FUNimation , for making this blogger go nuts just trying to figure out which DVD to pop into his player first .
Shame on you .
TEHRAN , Iran ( CNN ) -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad declined Sunday to guarantee the safety of his defeated rival Mir Hossein Moussavi in response to a question from CNN Chief International Correspondent Christiane Amanpour .
President Ahmadinejad said he could not guarantee the safety of his rival , Mir Hossein Moussavi , pictured .
more photos »
" There is rule of law in this country and all the people are equal before the law , " Ahmadinejad said when Amanpour asked if he would guarantee Moussavi 's safety .
She also asked why opposition leaders had been arrested .
" In a soccer match , people may become excited and there may be confrontation between the people and the police force .
People who violate traffic regulations will be fined by the police no matter who he is .
These are not problems , " Ahmadinejad said .
When Amanpour asked a second time if Ahmadinejad would guarantee Moussavi 's safety , he said he had already answered the question .
Watch as Amanpour questions Ahmadinejad »
There were conflicting reports on whether Moussavi had been placed under house arrest .
Some reports indicated that he had been detained .
Others said he was at home , conducting meetings but was free to come and go .
Guards were stationed outside his house , but it was not immediately clear whether they worked for him or the government .
Analysts had expected Moussavi , a former prime minister who is regarded as a reformist , to defeat Ahmadinejad .
Watch as Ahmadinejad is declared the winner »
Moussavi is credited for successfully navigating the Iranian economy during a bloody eight - year war with Iraq in the 1980s .
And he enjoyed tremendous support among the youth .
Iran 's population has a median age of 27 .
When the ballots were counted , the government declared Ahmadinejad the winner -- with 62.63 percent of the vote .
Moussavi received 33.75 percent .
Moussavi disputed the results , blaming " untrustworthy monitors . "
Independent election observers were banned from polling places .
" The results announced for the 10th presidential elections are astonishing , " he said in a statement .
" People who stood in long lines and knew well who they voted for were utterly surprised by the magicians working at the television and radio broadcasting . "
See protests around the world and in Iran »
Angered by the returns , Moussavi 's supporters took to the streets Saturday .
With handkerchiefs and surgical masks shielding them from the pungency of tear gas , they clashed openly with police in a rare challenge to the regime .
Watch angry protesters take to streets »
CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , Samson Desta , Shirzad Bozorgmehr in Tehran and Saeed Ahmed in Atlanta contributed to this report .
All About Mahmoud Ahmadinejad • Iran • Mir Hossein Moussavi • Ayatollah Ali Khamenei
Brace yourself , guys , because there 's going to be math in this story .
Fox the television network ordered 13 episodes of Dollhouse .
As everybody knows , they scrapped the original pilot , " Echo . "
So that is 13 less one , which brings us down to 12 .
The 12th and final episode that Fox the television network ordered and paid for and will air is called " Omega " and was written and directed by Tim Minear ( who has told us he " ca n't wait " for us to see it ) .
Focused on the Alpha storyline , sources say that " Omega " apparently " closes some doors and opens other ones " and was always intended to be and to effectively serve as the season - one finale .
( " Omega " logline , if you 're into that kind of thing : " Alpha 's reign of terror continues as his obsession with Echo endangers Caroline 's survival .
Ballard must make a life - changing decision , and one Doll is permanently deactivated while another 's shocking past is revealed . " )
Now , let 's go back to the original equation and add in an episode called " Epitaph One . "
" Echo " the original pilot plus 12 episodes through " Omega " plus " Epitaph One " brings us to a total of 14 episodes .
The 14th episode , " Epitaph One , " was produced and paid for by Fox the television studio .
It was never ordered , requested or paid for by Fox the television network , and Fox the television network will not be airing " Epitaph One . "
Working on getting you more details about " Epitaph One , " but it 's said to be more of a " stand - alone " episode .
Tehran , Sept 30 , IRNA - The Iranian and Iraqi people have always been close friends , however , the global powers have never found this friendly bond to be to their benefit and have repeatedly tried to disrupt it .
MILAN ( Reuters ) - Italian car maker Fiat SpA was set to close its takeover of Chrysler on Wednesday in an ambitious move to survive and grow out of one of the worst crises in global auto industry .
Fiat shares traded 4.1 percent higher at 7.79 euros at 5:45 a.m. -- twice the rise in the DJ Stoxx auto sector -- following news that the U.S. Supreme Court had removed the final obstacle to the deal on Tuesday .
In a victory for the U.S. administration driving the restructuring of bankrupt Chrysler , the Supreme Court on Tuesday denied a request from Indiana pension funds to delay the sale .
“ The news from the Supreme Court is very good for Fiat , ” one Milan trader told Reuters .
Fiat is joined by a union - aligned trust and the U.S. and Canadian governments in taking over the best parts of Chrysler .
Fiat is expected to close the deal by 1400 GMT , according to two sources familiar with the procedure .
In a statement , Fiat said it would occur shortly .
DROP IN SALES
Fiat began looking for partners to gain scale late last year when the crisis came into full force , leading to a dramatic drop in car sales .
This year is expected to be no different .
CSM Worldwide , an industry consultancy , has forecast a 20 percent drop in global production to 52 million vehicles this year as car makers lay off workers and leave their factories idle in the face of a sharp drop in demand .
Others in the industry do not feel the urgency to look for partners .
Renault - Nissan Chief Executive Carlos Ghosn , for example , said on Wednesday his group had no problem with scale .
In Fiat ’s case , CSM Worldwide said it saw a “ tremendous amount of risk ” in trying to revive Chrysler .
SG Securities analyst Eric - Alain Michelis said turning around Chrysler would prove to be a tougher challenge for Fiat than convincing U.S. authorities of its plans for the U.S. car maker .
Not only did it have to renew an aging product line but also persuade former customers to buy a Chrysler again .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
Fiat has sent a team of executives and engineers to Detroit to work with Chrysler to cut costs and prepare for the U.S. launch of the Cinquecento ( 500 ) , Fiat ’s popular small car .
Its stake in Chrysler will start at 20 percent and should rise to 35 percent over time .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
GERMANY
Fiat has had a harder time of persuading people in Germany of its plans to create a world giant in car industry .
It lost out to Canadian car parts market Magna International for General Motors Corp ’s Opel unit although the government invited it to improve its bid .
The sale is part of GM ’s restructuring , which saw it enter court protection on June after Chrysler sought bankruptcy on April 30 .
Erich Merkle , an independent auto analyst based in Grand Rapids , Michigan , said the court ’s decision on Chrysler was good news for GM because it was using a similar quick - sale strategy to facilitate its way through bankruptcy .
( Additional reporting by Giancarlo Navach )
The iPhone competitor is here .
Palm , once a giant handheld devices maker , has struck again with Palm Pre , their new smartphone .
It is ground - up designed to work with Web , while offering exciting multimedia features .
With the all new WebOS , impressive multitasking abilities , an innovative menu design , full sized keyboard and impressive built quality makes it stand in the handheld market .
Let ’s discover the juice this device ’s got .
The new Palm Pre is based on Linux based visual interface , which gives strong looks .
The body is designed to support the fingers , and seems easy even after prolonged use .
It uses the new Cards system interface , which looks really neat and enables multi-tasking features .
Another strong point of the device is its full QWERTY keyboard .
Unlike iPhone , its designed to type long mails and easy messaging .
The verticle slider opens the keyboard when needed .
The keys feel a little rubbery , rather than being hard .
The main idea around which the phone is designed is its Web experience .
The new browser uses Webkit just like iPhone and Android , and displays the whole HTML pages instantly .
The browser is quite responsive with regular zoom and navigation features .
The screen and the camera quality are both superb as compared to other smartphones .
It has a 3.0 MP Camera with flash , which is able to take some quite good pictures .
The screen is sized 3.1 inches with 320×480 screen resolution and the display is bright , crisp and richly colored , a real pleasure to look at , with the multitouch proving just as responsive as on the iPhone .
The included media players for audio and video are also adequate .
The interface are much inspired by iPhone , but they do manage to give nice visuals and sound .
It ’s easy to manage playlists , and categorize the sounds .
Although the included browser does n’t play streaming videos , but the phone comes with an application which can play streaming media from the Internet .
The included WebOS is a true multi-tasking platform .
The Apps can be opened as cards which can be flipped to switch between them .
To close them , you simply have to flip them away .
There is no limit of the cards opened at once , but upto 10 apps run smoothly at the same time .
The Maps and Navigation are also made easier with this device .
The on board Google Maps and Sprint Navigation Apps making it very easy to navigate the Maps .
The applications runs super fast with no lagging even while zooming in and out .
Synergy is also a new feature in Pre .
It ’s main purpose is to integrate data from multiple accouts .
Facebook , Google and Microsoft Exchange can be combined into one record .
The combination is automatic , and lets you easily manage all your contacts .
Another nice feature is the Universal Search Engine .
It can be directly used to search the phone or web services such as Google , Wikipedia etc .
Pre supports nearly all the popular video and image formats .
It also has a good collection of Apps such as Google Maps , which is accelerated by Pre ’s GPS system .
Sprint TV is also included which enables live streaming over a EVDO or WiFi connection .
It also has a Pre ’s App Store with some collection of downloadable Apps , much like iPhone’s .
The detailed specifications of the Palm Pre and listed below .
Brand / Type Brand Palm Type Pre Form factor Slide Color Black Network Phone Network 3G , EDGE , EVDO , GPRS , GSM , HSDPA ( 3G ) Service 850 , 900 , 1800 , 1900 , 2100 Connectivity Bluetooth v2.0 with A2DP Infrared Yes Wi-Fi ( WLAN ) Yes USB 2.0 , MicroUSB Fax / Data Yes Display Main display Color HVGA touchscreen Color display 16000000 colors Dimensions 3.1 in .
Resolution 320 x 480 pixels External display No Memory Internal memory 8 GB External memory No Memory slots No Storage types No Basic Battery Standard battery , Li-Ion Standby time 250 hours Talk time 5 hours Calling Vibrate alert Yes Photo ID Yes Ringtones MP3 , Polyfone Camera Camera Yes Megapixels 3 megapixels Maximum photo resolution 2048 ×1536 pixels Digital zoom No Optical zoom No Auto focus No Flash Yes Recording video No Second ( front ) camera No Messaging SMS Yes MMS Yes T9 text function Yes E-mail Yes Internet browsing Yes Entertainment FM radio N/ A Java Yes Audio player AAC , AMR , MP3 , QCELP , WAV Video player H263 , H264 , MPEG4 Features Add ringtones Yes Organiser Calendar , Contacts , Voice memo Video call No Other features Capacitive Touchscreen , Physical QWERTY keyboard , GPS , WebOS , IM , 3.5 mm headphone jack Format Weight 4.8 oz .
Dimensions ( H x W x D ) 4×2.3×0.7 in .
P
The ambulance was based in Stockton An emergency patient died after a paramedic allegedly diverted an ambulance because his shift had ended .
An investigation is under way after the incident in Stockton , Teesside , on 18 May , in which a 69 - year - old man died .
Instead of taking the stroke victim to Stockton 's North Tees Hospital , a paramedic drove to the town 's ambulance station .
A North East Ambulance Service Trust ( NEAS ) spokesman said a paramedic and a technician had been suspended .
The 3.3 mile ( 5.3 km ) journey from the patient 's house to the hospital should have taken less than 10 minutes .
But the delay meant he was not admitted to hospital until 30 minutes after the 999 call was made .
Patient care is our number one priority and we treat any action which falls short of the high standard expected of our staff extremely seriously
North East Ambulance Service
The driver suspended over the incident is aged 53 and the technician who was with the patient in the back of the ambulance is 54 .
A spokesman for the North East Ambulance Service Trust said : " This incident was immediately reported to us by another member of staff and as soon as we were notified , we acted to suspend a paramedic and an advanced technician from duty .
" We appointed a senior officer to carry out a full investigation of the incident and have notified the North East Strategic Health Authority , Stockton - on - Tees Teaching Primary Care Trust and the Health Professions Council of our actions .
" We have also been in touch with the family of the patient to give them our condolences and to keep them updated on developments .
" Patient care is our number one priority and we treat any action which falls short of the high standard expected of our staff extremely seriously .
" This has led to a thorough investigation and both the paramedic and advanced technician are now being dealt with in line with the trust 's disciplinary procedures . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For the first time , NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope has seen distinctly the " tenth planet , " currently nicknamed " Xena , " and found that it 's only slightly larger than Pluto .
Though previous ground - based observations suggested that Xena 's diameter was about 30 percent greater than Pluto , Hubble observations taken Dec. 9 and 10 , 2005 , showed Xena 's diameter as 1,490 miles ( with an uncertainty of 60 miles ) .
Pluto 's diameter , as measured by Hubble , is 1,422 miles .
Image above :
An artist 's concept of the Kuiper Belt Object nicknamed " Xena , " with its moon dubbed " Gabrielle " just above .
The sun can be seen in the upper left corner .
Credit : NASA , ESA , and A. Schaller ( for STScI )
+ View Full Resolution Image | + View Version with Objects Labeled
" Hubble is the only telescope capable of getting a clean visible - light measurement of the actual diameter of Xena , " said Mike Brown , planetary scientist at the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena , Calif .
Brown 's research team discovered Xena , officially cataloged as 2003 UB313 , and its results have been accepted for publication in the Astrophysical Journal .
Only a handful of images were required to determine Xena 's diameter .
Located 10 billion miles from Earth with a diameter a little more than half the width of the United States , the object is 1.5 pixels across in Hubble 's view .
That 's enough to make a precise size measurement .
Image right : Located 10 billion miles away , but with a diameter that is a little more than half the width of the United States , Xena is only 1.5 picture elements across in Hubble 's Advanced Camera for Surveys ' view .
Credit : NASA , ESA , and M. Brown ( CalTech )
Because Xena is smaller than previously thought , but comparatively bright , it must be one of the most reflective objects in the solar system .
The only object more reflective is Enceladus , a geologically active moon of Saturn whose surface is continuously recoated with highly reflective ice by active geysers .
Xena 's bright reflectivity is possibly due to fresh methane frost on its surface .
The object may have had an atmosphere when it was closer to the sun , but as it moved to its current location farther away this atmosphere would have " frozen out , " settling on the surface as frost .
Another possibility is that Xena leaks methane gas continuously from its warmer interior .
When this methane reaches the cold surface , it immediately freezes solid , covering craters and other features to make it uniformly bright to Hubble 's telescopic eye .
Image left :
This illustration of the largest known Kuiper Belt Objects shows Xena slightly larger than Pluto .
Credit : NASA , ESA , and A. Feild ( STScI )
+ View Full Resolution Image
Xena 's takes about 560 years to orbit the sun , and it is now very close to aphelion ( the point on its orbit that is farthest from the sun ) .
Brown next plans to use Hubble and other telescopes to study other recently discovered Kuiper Belt objects that are almost as large as Pluto and Xena .
The Kuiper Belt is a vast ring of primordial icy comets and larger bodies encircling Neptune 's orbit .
Finding that the largest known Kuiper Belt object is a virtual twin to Pluto may only further complicate the debate about whether to categorize the large icy worlds that populate the belt as planets .
If Pluto were considered to be the minimum size for a planet , then Xena would fulfill this criterion , too .
In time , the International Astronomical Union will designate the official name .
By Michael Barone , Thomas Jefferson Street blog
Jennifer Rubin notes that Pat Toomey , who got 49 percent of the vote in the 2004 Republican primary against incumbent Sen.
Arlen Specter , is now saying that he is interested in running against Specter again ( after saying for some months that he wanted to run for governor instead ) .
His gripe and that of many conservatives is that Specter voted for the stimulus package .
Rubin notes the argument made by Specter backers that he is the only Republican who can hold the seat .
I find that argument stronger than she does , and stronger than it was in 2004 .
That year George W. Bush lost Pennsylvania by only 51 percent - 48 percent ; if Toomey , who had been elected three times in a congressional district which Bush lost that year by 726 votes , been the Republican nominee , I think he would have had a decent chance to win the district .
But look at the 2008 Pennsylvania numbers .
John McCain lost Pennsylvania 54 percent - 44 percent .
The exit poll showed party identification in the state as 44 percent Democratic and only 37 percent Republican .
So I think it 's going to be hard for a Republican who won the nomination by campaigning as a conservative to win , unless opinion and party identification shifts significantly .
Which could happen , but has n't happened yet .
I see Toomey 's announcement as something else — a warning that Specter had better not vote for cloture on the card check bill , as he did when it came up in the Senate but had no chance of becoming law because of George W. Bush 's veto .
As Rubin notes , Specter has been sounding cautious about card check these days .
He can read the numbers in one recent poll that show him doing far better with Democrats ( 49 percent - 42 percent for someone new rather than Specter ) than with Republicans ( 66 percent - 26 percent for someone new rather than Specter ) .
It 's clear he's in tough shape against a serious primary opponent but in pretty good shape in the general election .
He can draw the obvious conclusion : do n't give a conservative opponent any more incentive to run by voting for card check .
The labor bosses will be furious , but Independent and Democratic voters will not be as furious as Republican voters would be if he supplies a critical vote for card check .
Specter is a survivor : he was elected Philadelphia County district attorney way back in 1965 and 1969 , lost a battle for reelection in 1973 , then ran twice more for statewide office and lost until he was elected to the Senate in 1980 and then reelected four times .
He does n't win on charm and charisma , but on brains and hard work .
I think Pat Toomey has just struck a strong blow against card check .
And he still has the option to run for governor if he wants .
On Facebook ?
You can keep up with Thomas Jefferson Street blog postings through Facebook 's Networked Blogs .
Search RISKS
The RISKS Digest
Volume 20 Issue 26
Thursday , 1st April 1999
Forum on Risks to the Public in Computers and Related Systems
ACM Committee on Computers and Public Policy , Peter G. Neumann , moderator
Please try the URL privacy information features enabled by clicking the flashlight icon above .
They are described in the news page .
Please let the website maintainer know if you find this useful or not .
As a RISKS reader , you will probably not be surprised by what is revealed …
Contents
The Y9Z Problem
Mark Thorson < eee@netcom.com >
In my extensive consulting work on the Y2 K problem , a new problem has come to my attention .
One thing all of my clients have in common is that we are forbidden from touching the database format — only the source code may be modified .
Further , we use formal methods for proof of program correctness , so any change we make actually costs more to verify than to develop the change itself .
Because of these restrictions , all of my clients have opted to allow the date field to roll over from 99 to 9A in the year 2000 .
But this only buys another 26 years of service .
What happens in the year 199Z ( i.e. 2025 AD ) ?
Only one client ( a company with a strong " do it right the first time " corporate philosophy ) has opted to follow my recommendation , which is that the year 199Z be followed by the year 19A0 .
This buys another 936 years , to the year 19 ZZ ( i.e. 2961 AD ) .
Because of the verification requirement , this is more than twice as expensive as the 26 - year fix .
Rather than doubling the effort required for the single digit , it 's more like the effort squared to apply to two digits .
What year follows 19 ZZ ?
My recommendation is that the year 19 ZZ be followed by the year represented by " 2000 " .
If we can't fix the problem by then , we deserve the fate of extinction .
Hopefully , our bones will serve as a source of calcium for whatever superior species comes along to replace us .
Mark Thorson ( eee@netcom.com )
Yet another Y2 K debacle
Jon Loux < JLOUX@UCONNVM.UCONN.EDU >
I found this in a respected journal of scientific neatstuff .
Researchers Find Y2K Bug in Human Brain ! by Natalie N. Quirer Researchers at the Yale Neurological Sciences Department announced today that they have discovered a millennium bug implanted in the brains of human beings .
" The brain is just a big computer , like any other , " says Dr. Uri Ignoramus of the Synaptic Research Lab .
" It has to keep track of times and dates .
Like when you wake up just before your alarm clock or remember your mother 's birthday a day late .
Stuff like that . "
According to researchers , when the clock strikes midnight in January 2000 , power outages and planes falling from the sky will be the least of our worries .
Along with such mundane annoyances like frozen bank accounts and nuclear detonations , add epileptic like seizures , an uncontrollable desire to watch the Rosanne Show , and suddenly not being able to remember where your keys are or why you are living in the same building with that ghastly person .
" Billions of years of evolution , " says noted Nobel laureate Albert Bearstein .
" You 'd think they could have anticipated this sort of thing .
Just how did they manage the year 0 rollover , anyway ? "
In anticipation of the impending cranial apocalypse , experts insist that the population stay calm .
" There is plenty of time for panic later . "
In the meantime , stock up on St. John 's wort ......
Jon Loux , Data Administration , University of Connecticut
Vatican announces all computer systems ready for new millennium
" Matthew Todd " < matthew@mail.cmb.ac.lk >
Vatican announces all computer systems ready for new millennium Rome , Washington , London and Delhi , 1 Apr ( Routers ) A spokesman for the IT department of one of the world 's smallest states , the Vatican City , announced yesterday that all computer systems of the Roman Catholic church world - wide were now ready for the next millennium .
Asked what solution had been used to combat the so - called " Y2 K problem " , he said that the solution had been simple .
" All we did was to revert to the Roman numbering system .
This makes the current year MCMXCIX .
Next year will be MM .
Since this is shorter than the current representations there will not be a storage problem .
Also , since there is no zero in the Roman number system nothing will reset . "
The spokesman also pointed out that the absence of a zero also categorically proved the new millennium would begin in MMI .
He explained that the zero had been introduced in MCCII by an Italian mathematician called Fibonacci .
This explained why there was no confusion at the start of the current millennium in MI .
The church is now considering excommunicating Fibonacci for the confusion he has caused .
Subsequently in Washington , a spokesman for US President Bill Clinton said , " we think that it is harsh to pin the blame on one poor Italian .
After all , they are Arabic numbers .
Clearly we must break all ties with the Arab world until they hand over those responsible . "
" In the past , the number zero was known as a cipher .
Clearly this shows that strong cryptography is harmful and the Government must retain control . "
In a separate development , Prime Minister Vajpayee of India pointed out that " actually , the number zero was invented in India in about 876AD .
Clearly the Arabs and the West have no concept of nothing .
Only South Asians can really understand what it means . "
It is unclear whether he was trying to say that only the Indian software industry could solve Y2 K .
It is thought that a case may be brought to WIPO concerning the loss of intellectual property suffered by India for the last DCCC years .
Damages could run to billions of dollars .
Y10 K opportunity
" Matthew Todd " < matthew@mail.cmb.ac.lk >
Date : 1 April 9990 > From : System Proving Office and Original Fault Finding , MacroHard Corporation To : Bob Gates - Windows - Doors III , CEO MacroHard Corporation Subject : Y10K
It would seem that a potentially serious fault exists which will affect all known computer systems containing a date processor .
This fault could have catastrophic consequences on January 1 , 10000 .
The origin of the fault has been traced to a programming error which originated in the late years of the 20th century , when computing was in its infancy and had not developed into the science which it is today .
It seems that before the historic splitting of the parent company of MacroHard and Microsoft , as ruled by the US Supreme Court , that programmers around the world all mistakenly wrote software using only 4 digits to represent the year .
Furthermore , this was then built into the hardware of the time .
Huge amounts of effort were expended in the early days of computing correcting an even earlier " bug " when only two digits had been used in some systems to represent the year .
Why at that time no - one had the foresight to properly correct this error no - one can tell , although speculation rests with some quasi-religious belief that the world would come to an end in the new millennium , so they only had to get through to 2001 .
This error has been built into all processing chips of the MacroHard Corporation ever since its formation out of the remains of MS - OS , Intel and AMI following the ruling of the Supreme Court .
The effects of this error could be disastrous .
On January 1 , 10000 all systems containing a MacroHard chip will roll - over to 0000 .
Due to backward compatibility with MS - DOS this will then be interpreted by the operating system as either January 1 , 1980 or January 0 , 1900 .
Explanation : MS - DOS was the first operating system of the MS organisation and originally did not recognise dates before 1980 ; when MS introduced its Excel spreadsheet program , only dates after 1900 were recognised as valid dates .
Other problems : Y10 K is a leap year , so was 1980 , but 1900 was n’t , therefore 29 February , 10000 may cease to exist on some systems .
Fortunately , MS foresaw this by including 29 February , 1900 as a valid date in their MS - Excel package .
Note : a similar problem to this was overcome in 2099 by MacroHard , when all processors would have reset themselves to 1980 on January 1 , 2100 .
However , at that time it was still considered adequate to use four digits to represent the year .
MacroHard chips are now embedded in so many systems that control the day to day lives of every citizen in the known universe that urgent action is required .
We recommend the establishment of a secret Y10 K task force to consider possible options and defence strategies to protect MacroHard Corporation from the potential fallout .
Replacing every single MacroHard chip for free is clearly not an option , as although this would be within the financial means of the company it is against corporate policy .
One possible solution , based on the previous history of Microsoft with Y2 K is to announce the potential problem , but pin the blame on those who made bad decisions in the past for short - sighted gain .
We can then announce a new generation solution , which will be Y10 K compliant - possible name : System 10000 .
This solution can then be sold on the open market .
Anyone choosing not to upgrade could be held responsible for the consequences , since we would have given them both adequate warning of the impending disaster , and would have provided an alternative .
If we fix the price well in advance we should be able to turn this into a healthy profit making opportunity .
At the moment we have almost 10 years to take advantage of this opportunity , so it may still be too early to make an announcement .
However , timing is critical , since we do n't want anyone else to realise this is going to happen beforehand or they might try to pin the blame on us .
Torvalds , SlashDot , and Stallman
Martin Minow < minow@apple.com >
< http://www.salonmagazine.com/21st/>
( good Thursday , April 1 ) reports on changes in the software industry : Linus Torvalds starts LinusSoft , a for - profit operating system venture ( they expect to file for an IPO within 36 hours ) .
Also , SlashDot < http://www.slashdot.org>
( home of many open - source related flames ) launches Slashdot Investor .
Also , " In Redmond , Microsoft announced that Free Software Foundation founder Richard Stallman had accepted the new position of Senior Vice President for Ideology . "
Martin Minow , minow@pobox.com
Melissa and RISKS
" Peter G. Neumann " < neumann@csl.sri.com >
With all the furor since last Friday over the Melissa virus - like Trojan horsed e-mail propagation ( see next items ) , deeper issues are somehow lost in the shuffle .
The vulnerabilities exploited in the MS Word macro virus in Microsoft Outlook and Outlook Express have been around for a long time and are likely to be around for a long time .
Although some palliative fixes are available , the fundamental problems remain .
( For example , filters deleting e-mail with " Subject : Important Message from ... " are only partially useful , in light of recent versions of Melissa with blank Subject lines . )
The basic system infrastructure is incapable of adequately protecting itself against all kinds of misuses , and this particular exploit is just another reminder that many folks need to wake up .
The situation could have been much worse , but unfortunately many folks who depend on systems that are inherently inadequate do not get the proper messages when the situation is * not* a terrible disaster .
On the other hand , even if we had terrible disasters , it does not seem to be enough .
And this was presumably not even an early April Fool 's spoof — just another example microcosmically of what could be done macrocosmically .
Many of the constructive lessons that should have been learned from the Internet Worm over 10 years ago are still unlearned .
[ The late - breaking news ( 31 Dec 1999 ) that Yugoslav crackers are performing denial - of - service attacks against the NATO Website should also come as no surprise .
Can it be that only RISKS readers realize how flaky our compunications <*> infrastructures are ? ] [*
I spent last Saturday at the 70th birthday roast for my PhD thesis professor , Tony Oettinger , who long ago coined the combining term " Compunications " .
In that the string " pun " is contained therein , it seemed appropriate to mention it here .
PGN ]
Melissa macro virus
Rob Slade < rslade@sprint.ca >
A report prepared by Robert M. Slade
The following is an attempt to bring together the information about the Melissa virus .
It is taken from the most reliable available sources .
Additional sites have been listed at the end of the article .
I have not added a copyright line to this message in order to allow it to be used as needed .
I will be posting the latest updated version of this article at http://sun.soci.niu.edu/~rslade/melissa.txt and http://victoria.tc.ca/techrev/melissa.txt.
The virus , generally referred to as W97M .
Melissa .
A ( with some variations : Symantec , in a rather strained effort to be cute , seems to be calling it " Mailissa " ) , is a MS Word macro virus .
This means that , if you do n't use Word , you are safe .
Completely safe .
( Except for being dependent upon other people who might slow their / your mail server down .
More on that later . )
If you need to look at MS Word documents , there is a document viewer available ( free , as it happens ) from Microsoft .
This viewer will not execute macros , so it is safe from infection .
In the messages about Melissa , there have been many references to the mythical and non-existent " Good Times " virus .
Note that simply reading the text of a message still cannot infect you .
However , note also that many mailers , in the name of convenience , are becoming more and more automated , and much of this automation concerns running attached files for you .
As Padgett Peterson , author of one of the best macro virus protection tools , has stated , " For years we have been saying you could not get a virus just by " opening E - Mail .
That bug is being fixed . "
Melissa does not carry any specifically damaging payload .
If the message is triggered there will be text added to the active document .
The mailout function can cause a large number of messages to be generated very quickly , and this has caused the shutdown of a number of corporate mail servers .
If you have Word set with macros disabled , then the virus will not active .
However , relying on this protection is a very dangerous proposition .
Previous macro viruses have also killed macro protection in Word , and this one does as well .
The name " Melissa " comes from the class module that contains the virus .
The name is also used in the registry flag set by the virus .
The virus is spread , of course , by infected Word documents .
What has made it the " bug du jour " is that it spreads * itself * via e-mail .
We have known about viruses being spread as attachments to e-mail for a long time , and have been warning people not to execute attachments ( or read Word documents sent as attachments ) if you do n't know where they came from .
Happy99 is a good example : it has spread very widely in the past month by sending itself out as an e-mail attachment whenever it infects a system .
Melissa was originally posted to the alt.sex newsgroup .
At that time it was LIST .
DOC , and purported to be a list of passwords for sex sites .
I have seen at least one message theorizing that Melissa is someone 's ill - conceived punishment for viewers of pornography .
This hypothesis is extremely unlikely .
Sending a virus to a sex related newsgroup seems to be a reliable way to ensure that a number of stupid people will read and / or execute your program , and start your new virus off with a bang .
( No pun intended . )
If you get a message with a Melissa infected document , and do whatever you need to do to " invoke " the attachment , and have Word on your system as the default program for .doc files , Word starts up , reads in the document , and the macro is ready to start .
If you have Word 's " macro security " enabled ( which is not the default ) it will tell you that there is a macro in the document .
Few people understand the import of the warning , and there is no distinction between legitimate macros and macro viruses .
Because of a technical different between normal macros and " VBA objects , " if you ask for a list of the macros in the document , Melissa will not show up .
It will be visible if you use the Visual Basic Editor , but only after you have loaded the infected file .
Assuming that the macro starts executing , several things happen .
The virus first checks to see if Word 97 ( Word 8 ) or Word 2000 ( Word 9 ) is running .
If so , it reduces the level of the security warnings on Word so that you will receive no future warnings .
In Word97 , the virus disables the Tools / Macro menu commands , the Confirm Conversions option , the MS Word macro virus protection , and the Save Normal Template prompt .
It " upconverts " to Word 2000 quite nicely , and there disables the Tools / Macro / Security menu .
Specifically , under Word 97 it blocks access to the Tools | Macro menu item , meaning you cannot check any macros .
It also turns off the warnings for conversion , macro detection , and to save modifications to the NORMAL.DOT file .
Under Word 2000 it blocks access to the menu item that allows you to raise your security level , and sets your macro virus detection to the lowest level , that is , none .
( Since the access to the macro security menu item is blocked , I do not know how this feature can be reversed , other than programmatically or by reinstallation . )
After this , the virus checks for the HKEY_CURRENT_USER \Software \Microsoft \Office \Melissa?\ registry key with a value of " ... by Kwyjibo " .
( The " kwyjibo " entry seems to be a reference to the " Bart the Genius " episode of the " Simpsons " television program where this word was used to win a Scrabble match . )
If this is the first time you have been infected ( and this " first time " business is slightly complicated ) , then the macro starts up Outlook , in the background , and sends itself as an attachment to the " top " 50 names in * each * of your address lists .
( Melissa will * not* use Outlook Express . )
Most people have only one ( the default is " Contacts " ) , but if you have more than one then Outlook will send more than 50 copies of the message .
Outlook also sorts address lists such that mailing lists are at the top of the list , so this can get a much wider dispersal than just fifty copies of the message / virus .
There was also a mention on one message about MAPI and Exchange servers , which may give access to a very large number of mailing lists .
From other reports , though , people who use Exchange mail server are being particularly hard hit .
Then again , people who use Exchange are probably also standardized on Word and Outlook .
Some have suggested setting this registry key as a preventive measure , but note that it only prevents the mailout .
It does not prevent infection .
If you are infected , and the registry key is removed at a later date , then a mailout will be triggered the next time an infected document is read .
Once the messages have been sent , the virus sets the Melissa flag in the registry , and looks for it to check whether or not to send itself out on subsequent infections .
If the flag does not persist , then there will be subsequent mass mailings .
Because the key is set in HKEY_CURRENT_USER , system administrators may have set permissions such that changes made are not saved , and thus the key will not persist .
In addition , multiple users on the same machine will likely each trigger a separate mailout , and the probability of cross infection on a common machine is very high .
Since it is a macro virus , it will infect your NORMAL.DOT , and will infect all documents thereafter .
The macro within NORMAL.DOT is " Document_Close ( ) " so that any document that is worked on will be infected when it is closed .
When a document is infected the macro inserted is " Document_Open ( ) " so that the macro runs when the document is opened .
Note that * not* using Outlook does not protect you from the virus , it only means that the 50 copies will not be automatically sent out .
If you use Word but not Outlook , you will still be infected , and may still send out infected documents on your own .
The virus also will not invoke the mailout on Mac systems , but definitely can be stored and resent from Macs .
At this time I do not have reliable information about whether it can reproduce on Macs ( there is one report that it does ) , but the likelihood is that it can .
Vesselin Bontchev has noted that the virus never explicitly terminates the Outlook program .
It is possible that multiple copies may be invoked , and may create memory problems .
However , this has not been confirmed , and is not probable given the " first time " flag that is set .
The message appears to come from the person just infected , of course , since it really is sent from that machine .
This means that when you get an " infected " message it will probably appear to come from someone you know and deal with .
The subject line is " Important Message From : [ name of sender ] " with the name taken from the registration settings in Word .
The test of the body states " Here is that document you asked for ... do n't show anyone else ;-) " .
Thus , the message is easily identifiable : that subject line , the very brief message , and an attached Word document ( file with a .doc extension to the filename ) .
If you receive a message of this form * DO NOT OPEN THE DOCUMENT WITH WORD !*
If you do not have alternate means or competent virus assistance , the best recourse is to delete the message , and attachment , and to send a message to the sender alerting them to the fact that they are , very likely , infected .
Please note all the specifics in this paragraph , and do not start a panic by sending warnings to everyone who sends you any message with an attachment .
However , please also note that , as with any Word macro virus , the source code travels with the infection , and it will be very easy to create modifications to Melissa .
( The source code has already been posted to one Web site . )
We will , no doubt very soon , start seeing many Melissa variants with different subjects and messages .
There is already one similar Excel macro virus , called " Papa . "
The virus contains the text " Fred Cohen " and " all.net , " leading one rather ignorant reporter to assume that Fred was the author .
Dr. Cohen was the first person to do formal research into viral programs .
There is a message that is displayed approximately one time in sixty .
The exact trigger is if the current system time minute field matches the current system time day of the month field when the virus is run .
In that case , you will " Twenty - two points , plus triple - word - score , plus fifty points for using all my letters .
Game 's over .
I 'm outta here . " typed into your document .
( This is another reference to the " Simpsons " episode referred to earlier . )
One rather important point : the document passed is the active document , not necessarily the original posted on alt.sex .
So , for example , if I am infected , and prepare some confidential information for you in Word , and send you an attachment with the Word document , containing sensitive information that neither you nor I want made public ( say , the fact that Bill Gates is a jerk for having designed the technology this way ) , and you read it in Word , and you have Outlook on your machine , then that document will be mailed out to the top 50 people in your address book .
Rather ironically , a clue to the identity of the perpetrator may have come from the identification number embedding scheme recently admitted by Microsoft as having been included with Office and Windows 98 .
[ Traced to an AOL user , apparently ...
PGN ]
A number of fixes for mail servers and mail filtering systems have been devised very quickly .
However , note that not all of these have fully tested or debugged .
One version that I saw would trap most of the warning messages about Melissa .
Note that any Word document can be infected , and that an infected user may unintentionally send you an infected document .
All Word documents , and indeed all Office files , should be checked for infection before you load them .
Information and antiviral updates ( some URLs are wrapped ) : http://www.cert.org/advisories/CA-99-04-Melissa-Macro-Virus.html
http://www.ciac.org/ciac/bulletins/j-037.shtml
ftp://ftp.complex.is/pub/macrdef2.zip
http://www.complex.is/f-prot/f-prot.html
http://chkpt.zdnet.com/chkpt/hud0007500a/www.zdnet.com/zdnn/stories/
news/0,4586,2233030,00.html
http://www.zdnet.com/zdnn/special/melissavirus.html
http://www.symantec.com/techsupp/mailissa.html
http://www.antivirus.com/vinfo/security/sa032699.htm
http://www.avp.com/melissa/melissa.html
http://www.microsoft.com/security/bulletins/ms99-002.asp
http://www.sendmail.com/blockmelissa.html
ftp://ftp.rubyriver.com/pub/jhardin/antispam/procmail-security.html
http://www.innosoft.com/iii/pmdf/virus-word-emergency.html
http://www.sophos.com/downloads/ide/index.html#melissa
http://www.avertlabs.com/public/datafiles/valerts/vinfo/melissa.asp
http://www.pcworld.com/cgi-bin/pcwtoday?ID=10302
http://www.internetnews.com/bus-news/article/0,1087,3_89011,00.html
http://cnn.com/TECH/computing/9903/29/melissa.copycat.idg/
http://www.pcworld.com/cgi-bin/pcwtoday?ID=10308 rslade@vcn.bc.ca rslade@sprint.ca robertslade@usa.net p1@canada.com
http://victoria.tc.ca/techrev or http://sun.soci.niu.edu/~rslade
Melissa and monocultures
Nick Leverton < leveret@warren.demon.co.uk >
The current outbreak of the Microsoft Word " Melissa " virus / worm is a graphical illustration of the RISKS of monoculture .
Agriculturalists long ago discovered the problems of single strain crops , in that they provide an ideal habitat for an adapted pest or disease which can wipe them out .
With W97M / Melissa , the global e-mail network of at least one major international computer corporation with which I am familiar had to be disabled for 24 hours on Mon / Tue 1999 - 03 - 29 to 1999 - 03 - 30 to prevent the spread of Melissa - infected documents .
( Melissa , for those fortunate enough not to have encountered it , is a Microsoft Word 97 macro virus , which also acts as a worm by reading 50 entries from a Microsoft address book and mailing itself out with subject " Important information from ... " ) .
Ironically , and the point of this mail , sites within the corporation still running the older Unix / X.400 environment or the niche Unix / SMTP environment were unaffected , except that they were brought down too by the lack of connectivity from corporate mail gateways .
A heterogeneous environment poses much greater barriers to the spread of this or any virus .
Reliance on a single product or family of products , from a similar supplier , is a RISK that is familiar in the engineering and farming professions but needs to be better known in the computing ones .
Nick Leverton [ Lloyd Wood notes that Microsoft itself put a halt to all outgoing e-mail throughout the company on Friday to guard against propagation . ]
Melissa and GUIDs
Ronan Waide < waider@scope.ie >
Of course , conspiracy folks can enjoy the following course of events : 1 Presence of GUID in Microsoft - made documents revealed .
2 Melissa worm wreaks havok on the net .
3 Alleged author of worm tracked with GUIDs .
Let 's wait for 4 Microsoft praised for having GUIDs in documents .
waider@scope.ie / Small Planet Ltd. / +353-1-8303455 / +353-1-8300888 ( Fax )
Melissa + meme = future disaster
Bear Giles < bear@coyotesong.com >
While reading the press coverage about the Melissa e-mail virus / work , it occurred to me that a trivial change would make it * far* worse .
The problem was that Melissa advertised pornographic sites , so it was often brought to the attention of responsible parties who could recognize it was a virus and take appropriate measures .
If it were a human virus , it would be something that sent people rushing to the doctor .
What if Melissa 's message were something innocuous ?
What if it was a meme with a proven track record of being readily passed from person to person ?
Make $ 20,000 with only $ 5 !
Send your business card to a dying child seeking to get into the Guiness Book of World Records !
Send this message to 100 friends and get a free trip to Disney World from Bill Gates and Disney !
When people feel good , how many rush to the doctor to verify it is n't due to brain cancer ?
Of those who do , how many are taken seriously ?
The most obvious effect of this change is that far fewer people would bring the message to the attention of their MIS department or ISP .
Even hardened security experts might let the message slide as just another scam or urban legend .
Only the sheer volume of messages would indicate that something odd was occurring .
A less obvious effect of this change is even worse .
Few people would forward an ad for pornographic sites on their own , but the aforementioned messages ( and others ) * are * forwarded .
With changes .
The current virus can be easily caught at the mail server by checking the subject line ... but what if " helpful " individuals were personalizing it ?
Ditto the non-viral contents ?
Even if it 's technically possible to scan the contents of every mail document for an embedded macro virus , is it ethical ?
Such a filter would be invasive ... and yet offer no guarantee that a copycat virus would n't get through .
The real problem , after all , is n't in the virus itself , it 's in an application for a * single * company defying all common sense and loading macros from e-mail .
I think it 's no coincidence that I have n't seen this virus ... and I and my friends all run either Linux or MacOS .
Bear Giles < bgiles@coyotesong.com >
Search RISKS
Please report problems with the web pages to the maintainer
Top
France became the first country to open its files on UFOs on Thursday when the national space agency unveiled a website documenting more than 1600 sightings spanning five decades .
The online archives , which will be updated as new cases are reported , catalogues in minute detail cases ranging from the easily dismissed to a handful that continue to perplex even hard - nosed scientists .
“ It is a world first , ” says Jacques Patenet , the aeronautical engineer who heads the office for the study of “ non-identified aerospatial phenomena . ”
Known as OVNIs in French , UFOs have always generated intense interest along with countless conspiracy theories about secretive government cover-ups of findings deemed too sensitive or alarming for public consumption .
Advertisement
“ Cases such as the lady who reported seeing an object that looked like a flying roll of toilet paper ” are clearly not worth investigating , says Patenet .
But many others involving multiple sightings – in at least one case involving thousands of people across France – and evidence such as burn marks and radar trackings showing flight patterns or accelerations that defy the laws of physics are taken very seriously .
No explanation
A phalanx of beefy security guards formed a barrier in front of the space agency ( CNES ) headquarters where the announcement was made , “ to screen out uninvited UFOlogists , ” an official explained .
Of the 1600 cases registered since 1954 , nearly 25 % are classified as “ type D ” , meaning that “ despite good or very good data and credible witnesses , we are confronted with something we ca n’t explain ” , Patenet says .
On 8 January 1981 outside the town of Trans - en - Provence in southern France , for example , a man working in a field reported hearing a strange whistling sound and seeing a saucer - like object about 2.5 metres in diameter land in his field about 50 metres away .
“ It stayed for a few seconds then took off into the blue yonder without making a sound , ” says Patenet .
When the GEIPAN team went to investigate they found burn marks in the soil suggesting that the object weighed a couple of hundred kilograms .
“ I have never been able to understand or explain that incident , ” says Patenet .
Flashing lights
The nearly 1000 witnesses who said they saw flashing lights in the sky on 5 November 1990 , by contrast , had simply seen a rocket fragment falling back into Earth ’s atmosphere .
“ We do not have the least proof that extra-terrestrials are behind the unexplained phenomena , ” says Patenet , adding : “ Nor do we have the least proof that they are n’t . ”
The online database should help scientists interested in studying the mysterious observations , he told New Scientist : “ We also want to send a message to more scientists , inviting them to help us analyse these phenomena , when otherwise they might feel uneasy about these issues . ”
The CNES fields between 50 and 100 UFO reports ever year , usually written up by police .
Of these , 10 % are the object of on - site investigations , Patenet says .
Other countries , notably Britain and the US , collect data more or less systematically about unidentified flying objects .
In the US , information can be requested on a case - by - case basis under the Freedom of Information Act .
“ But we decided to do it the other way around and made everything available to the public , ” Patenet says .
The aim was to make it easier for scientists and other UFO buffs to access the data for research .
The website itself – which crashed host servers hours after it was unveiled due to heavy traffic – is extremely well organised and complete , even including scanned copies of police reports .
Today ’s inspiration comes from Flickr user Josh Sommers , a highly talented photographer and digital artist , famous for his creative photo manipulations .
Help Me Out
Cracked Face
Peeling Forehead
Full of Hot Air
Too Much Grey Hair !
Eternal Scream
Look Ma ; No Soul
Father Tree
Do n’t Get Drawn In
All Cracked Up
Hunger
Desperation
Typical Stoner
Big Head
Also check out : Incredible Photo Manipulations
China appears to cave in to public pressure by announcing that computer users are not required to install Internet - filtering software - though it will still come with all PCs sold on the mainland .
A Ministry of Industry and Information Technology official reached by telephone told The Associated Press that use of the " Green Dam Youth Escort " software is " not compulsory " .
He would not give his name as is customary with Chinese officials .
The apparent reversal of the government 's position marked a small victory for a burgeoning anti-censorship movement in China .
Internet users in particular have expressed growing frustration with official efforts to monitor and restrict online content .
Although the government says the software is aimed at blocking violence and pornography , users who have tried it say it prevents access beyond those topics to discussions of homosexuality , images of comic book characters , mentions of the banned Falun Gong spiritual group and , according to Hong Kong media reports , images of pigs because the software confuses them with naked human flesh .
The government had said the new software must be packaged with all computers sold in China beginning July 1 , and installation was widely believed to be required .
However , state media reported on Tuesday that computer users are free to decide whether to use the new software .
Deputy Prime Minister Julia Gillard has arrived in Israel for talks with both Israeli and Palestinian leaders .
Ms Gillard is leading a delegation of politicians , musicians and filmmakers as part of a program to forge stronger ties between Australia and the Jewish state .
She has had meetings with Israel 's Prime Minister and President , and will visit Palestinian leaders in the West Bank on Thursday .
Ms Gillard says Australia supports a just solution to the conflict .
" We should be honest about the difficulty of achieving a just and lasting settlement to the Israeli Palestinian conflict , " she said .
" We should be honest about where we all failed to live up to our ideals .
" We should be honest about how , despite its importance , politics is only one small part of what shapes our lives and our nations . "
Despite criticism of her visit , Ms Gillard has made no apologies for Australia 's support of Israel .
" When a vote was called in 1947 to establish separate Jewish and Arab states , the Australian delegate was the first to vote in favour of Israel 's right to full independent nationhood and its right to live securely within defined borders , " she said .
" Our support has continued strongly ever since . "
BEIJING , March 10 ( Reuters ) - China said a U.S. naval vessel was conducting illegal surveying off its southern island of Hainan , a Hong Kong television website reported on Tuesday , after the Pentagon said Chinese ships had harassed the vessel in international waters .
Global oil prices rose 3 percent on Monday , partly driven by market concerns over tensions between the world 's top oil consumers .
The United States on Monday urged China to observe international maritime rules after the Pentagon said five Chinese ships , including a naval vessel , harassed a U.S. Navy ship in international waters .
The Chinese vessels " shadowed and aggressively manoeuvred in dangerously close proximity " to the USNS Impeccable , an unarmed ocean surveillance vessel , on Sunday , with one ship coming within 25 feet ( 7.6 metres ) , a U.S. Defense Department statement said .
An unnamed spokesman from the Chinese embassy in Washington denied the Chinese ships had violated maritime rules , and said U.S. ships had been conducting illegal surveying , the website of Hong Kong - based Phoenix Television ( news.ifeng.com ) reported .
" The U.S. claim about operating in high seas is out of step with the facts , " the report quoted the spokesman as saying .
" The U.S. navy vessel concerned has been consistently conducting illegal surveying in China 's special economic zone , " the station quoted the spokesman as saying .
" China believes this contravenes international laws of the sea and China 's relevant laws . "
Chinese authorities had " repeatedly used diplomatic channels to demand that the U.S. side cease unlawful activities in China 's special economic zone " , the report added .
The Chinese Foreign Ministry was unavailable for comment .
U.S. defence officials said the incident followed days of increasingly aggressive Chinese conduct in the area , including fly - bys of two U.S. Navy ships by Chinese maritime surveillance planes .
It echoes a tense stand - off in 2001 between U.S. and Chinese military forces after a U.S. spy plane made an emergency landing on Hainan after a collision with a Chinese fighter jet .
China released 24 crew after a U.S. apology .
The Impeccable is one of five ocean surveillance ships that serve with the U.S. 7th Fleet , which is based Yokosuka , Japan .
The ships use low - frequency sound to search for undersea threats including submarines , a U.S. military official said .
Hainan Island is the site of a Chinese naval base that houses ballistic missile submarines , according to independent analysts .
A U.S. Defense Department spokesman said the Chinese vessels had surrounded the Impeccable , waving Chinese flags and telling the U.S. ship to leave .
The Pentagon also described accounts of half a dozen other incidents dating back to March 4 , in which the Impeccable and its sister vessel , USNS Victorious , were subjected to aggressive behaviour .
Oil jumped more than 3 percent to $ 47 a barrel amid the naval incident between China and the United States and as dealers pondered the possibility of deeper production cuts by OPEC .
The 2000 Campaign Recounting the controversial campaign .
Who Is Bob Gates ?
The secret world of Defense Secretary Gates
Hypocrisy Hurts Obama's Nuke Goal
President Barack Obama has outlined the dramatic goal of “ a world without nuclear weapons , ” even as he warns that the risk of a nuclear attack has increased as more nations acquire the devastating weapon and black market deals may put bombs in the hands of terrorists .
New School professor Jonathan Schell says Obama has promised some short - term moves including a new round of negotiations aimed at cutting nuclear - bomb inventories among current nuclear powers and preventing non-nuclear states from entering the nuclear club .
( The story summary continues below . )
Schell says , however , Obama ’s position will be undercut by the inevitable double standard of having nine countries with significant nuclear stockpiles while the rest are pressured under the non-proliferation treaty to forego the bomb .
Schell says the double standard is “ most acute ” in the Middle East where Israel has a sophisticated nuclear arsenal while the United States condemns Iran ’s suspected moves toward building a bomb .
TheRealNews.com is an independent news network that produces stories of global interest .
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
Back to Home Page
Designed for amputees and individuals that have difficulty walking , Exmovere 's Chariot is a wearable robotic vehicle that can be controlled by subtle movements in the hips .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Because of it's compact size , users can move about in tight spaces easier than they could in a wheelchair or scooter — and it can travel at speeds of up to 12 mph making it a efficient method of transport .
Essentially it 's a Segway that you can wear .
Yeah , it sort of makes people look like a vacuum , or like they are wearing some sort of robotic skirt — but there is no doubt that this concept is certifiably badass .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 " 8 K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Production versions of the Chariot should be available sometime in the near future , and there are plans to integrate a feature that would allow users to switch from a standing to a seated position as needed .
[ Business Wire via Gizmowatch via Botopolis ]
The # 1 question after viewing this ad ?
Where can I get that ringtone ?
It is supposedly on Hahn ’s website , but I could n’t find it .
You may also want to check out a review of this commercial and beer from The Enthusiast .
Hat Tip to @ JimmyTraina for alerting us to this wonderful ad from an Australian brewer .
I ’ve included some additional Hahn Beer commercials below for your viewing enjoyment .
ADELPHI , MD — Even as a US District Court prepares 6,000 Seroquel lawsuits for trial , Eli Lilly pays $ 1.42 billion for illegal Zyrexa marketing and 30 states sue over heisted Medicaid funds for atypical antipsychotics , an FDA advisory panel has recommended approval of Seroquel , Zyrexa and Geodon for children .
After two days of hearings , the FDA Psychopharmacologic Drugs Advisory Committee voted to recommend approval of AstraZeneca ’s Seroquel ( quetiapine ) for the acute treatment of schizophrenia in adolescents 13 - 17 , acute treatment of bipolar mania in children 10 - 12 and adolescents 13 - 17 ; Pfizer ’s Geodon ( ziprasidone ) for the acute treatment of manic or mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder , with or without psychotic features in children and adolescents ages 10 - 17 ; and Eli Lilly ’s Zyprexa ( olanzapine ) for the acute treatment of manic or mixed episodes associated with bipolar I disorder and acute treatment of schizophrenia in adolescents .
Most people know pharma ’s blockbuster atypical antipsychotics Seroquel , Zyprexa and Geodon , off label marketed to kids , the elderly , the uncategorizable and the suggestible –are you sure you do n’t have racing thoughts ask ads ?
–correlate with weight gain , diabetes and metabolic derangement .
But who knew until the hearings that Seroquel also causes an extra seven or eight heart beats a minute in children ?
Possibly for as long as they take it ?
With no studies to show the long term effect ?
Or the safety of drugs to treat the effect ?
And no theory as to why ?
Who knew Seroquel could cause cataracts ?
Who knew Geodon could cause a prolonged QT interval also known as “ sudden death . ”
Who knew the atypicals , along with tremor and muscle rigidity , could cause the permanent and stigmatizing tardive dyskinesia they were developed to prevent ?
Hello ?
Of course AstraZeneca doctor Liza O’Dowd did her best during her presentation to sail through the negatives –assuring the panel that Seroquel ’s blood pressure , weight , glucose and prolactin issues could be “ controlled and monitored ” and that they “ did n’t lead to discontinuation of the study ” ( let ’s hope not when the trial was three weeks . )
But she was less forthcoming when discussing the five child suicides seen during trials , a slide she only produced in response to panel questions .
AstraZeneca ’s Ihor Rak , MD did his best to dismiss cataract problems as “ poor hygiene , nutrition and accidents ” seen with schizophrenics but had no ready answer when panelist member Benedetto Vitiello , MD asked why not , then , remove instructions to examine patient lenses from the prescribing information .
AstraZeneca presenter Lili Kopala , MD was certain the study suicides stemmed from patients who were “ still on the recovery curve , ” but when panelist Christopher Granger , MD challenged her , she changed her mind and said , “ they may be random . ”
And panelists had other questions .
Not being trained psychiatrists , how did you make the differential diagnosis of bipolar for your studies asked panelist Kenneth Towbin , MD ?
How do you know irritability , anxiety or aggression do n’t denote other disorders ?
How could a Seroquel study in which children with mania are kept on stimulants be scientifically valid–or ethical ?
Children are often on “ cocktails of seven or eight medications , ” agreed Rochelle Caplan , MD , and “ once we get them off , ” they might just have a learning disability .
Worse than problems diagnosing pediatric bipolar or schizophrenia –3,000 suspected childhood schizophrenia cases yielded only 110 actual cases in one study said panelist Nitin Gogtay , MD–and worse than the lack of “ real world ” and mixed medicine “ cocktail ” studies was the brevity of the studies themselves said panelists .
How can three and six week studies suggest safety for maintenance treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorders which lasts decades ?
“ We know they wo n’t stop [ using the medications ] at the acute phase , ” said Towbin .
Panelist Granger confessed to “ real discomfort ” approving drugs which “ generat[e ] metabolic syndrome in adolescents in a very short period of time ” for “ indefinite use ” on the basis of three or six week trials .
“ Hopefully we ’re not exposing someone for decades , ” agreed fellow cardiologist Edward Pritchett , MD .
But Thomas Laughren , MD , FDA ’s director of psychiatric drugs was more upbeat .
Not only was he sure pediatric safety could be extrapolated from adult studies –promising to include the clinical leap on labels –he did n’t want to be derailed over the two children who perversely died from stroke and cardiopulmonary failure in Geodon studies either .
There ’s “ hazard in drawing too much from subsetting the data , ” said Laughren .
Phillip Chappell , MD of Pfizer thanked him .
Frank Greenway , MD , an endocrine specialist on the panel , was also upbeat , observing prolactin elevation from the atypicals was less than a “ prolactin secreting tumor . ”
Whew .
Still the elephant in the room at the proceedings was why drugs that are already available off - label need FDA approval at all–and why it ’s urgent that kids showing symptoms be Treated Now .
( One pharma doctor claimed gray matter shrinks ever time someone is “ psychotic ” but others admitted early treatment has no effect on the course of the diseases . )
The answer of course was in the other elephant in the room –the wall of 40 pharma funded doctors sitting at attention , outnumbering FDA representatives two to one and unabashed referred as “ sponsors . ”
( Though their Medicaid streams imply that ’s backwards . )
It ’s the sponsors who exhort doctors–and parents –to subject kids to increased heart beat , sudden death , metabolic syndrome , tardive dyskinesia , cataracts , stroke and suicidal side effects for diseases they may not even have .
Certainly that ’s how two mothers who testified during the open public hearings felt .
Liza Ortiz of Austin , TX lost her 13 - year - old son to Seroquel toxicity earlier this year .
“ His hands twisted in ways I never thought possible in the I.C.U. , ” she said .
Mary Kitchens of Bandera , TX said her son suffers from crossed eyes , nightmares , trembling , neutropenia , hypothyroidism , tachycardia , dyskinesia and cogwheeling since Seroquel treatment .
“ AstraZeneca marketed this to my child in 2003 , ” she said holding the original Seroquel package for the panel to see .
“ And now they want your seal of approval . ”
For our latest mission , we picked a random couple getting married at the City Clerk ’s Office in Manhattan and threw them a surprise wedding reception .
The couple was treated to dancing , toasts , cake , and gifts , all with complete strangers .
Enjoy the video first and then check out the mission report and photos below .
We met at 1 PM on a rainy Monday afternoon at Foley Square , a public park just across the street from the Office of the City Clerk ( and also coincidentally the meeting point for our annual No Pants Subway Rides . )
I was worried that the weather was going to ruin the mission .
We had no back up plan .
Agent Briefing
When I arrived at the park I noticed there were four large , white tents by the fountain .
They were set up for some type of job fair .
I chatted up a woman working for the fair .
She told me they were leaving in less than an hour and happily gave me the number for the party company that had set the tents up .
I managed to talk the party company into keeping the tents up for another two hours ( for a reasonable price , of course . )
It was a beautiful moment of serendipity .
There is no way we could have secured a permit to set up tents for a wedding reception in the middle of New York City , but since they were already up and permitted for someone else , we slid right in .
Not only would the tents keep us dry , they would also make the whole reception much more authentic .
Setting up
While the rest of the agents went to go set everything up in the tents , I headed over alone to the marriage bureau .
My task was to select the random couple who we ’d offer the reception to .
I had visited the building a few times in the weeks leading up to the mission to get a feel for how the system worked .
There were probably forty couples waiting in line to either get married or get a license for a marriage on a future date .
I quickly spotted a couple that looked perfect for our mission ; they were next in line to go into the wedding chapel .
The bride was wearing a white dress and had her father with her .
The groom was dressed in a suit with a boutonniÃ¨re and was accompanied by both of his parents and his sister .
The family members were taking photos of them , and they all seemed so happy .
They stood out from the other couples , most of whom were by themselves and in casual clothes .
As soon as they emerged from the chapel , I rushed outside to prepare to greet them on the front steps of the building .
To capture the moment , I wore a wireless microphone and had Agent Schackman film me from about forty feet away .
Greeting the couple
As soon as they got outside , I approached the couple and informed them that I was from the mayor ’s office and we were giving a “ free wedding reception ” to one random couple today .
Before I could even finish telling them all of the things we had set up , the bride laughed and said , “ Let ’s go ! ” I had been a little nervous that they might turn it down ( maybe they already had plans to celebrate somewhere else ? ) and figured I might have to ask a few couples before we found the right one .
Nope .
They were immediately down .
“ Ca n’t say no to that , ” the groom told me and then added , “ We ’re cynical New Yorkers so this is a little hard to believe . ”
The bride and her father on the steps
On the way over I learned their names , Raff and Frank .
They were both enthusiastic on the short walk over , though I ’m sure they were a little suspicious about the whole thing .
When we turned the corner and got to the other side of the fountain , they were met with a huge cheer from their fifty - person wedding reception .
Frank and Raff laugh as Frank ’s sister snaps a photo
Our “ cater waiter ” Agent Silver greeted them with two champagne flutes filled with cider , and our “ wedding planner ” Agent Reeves introduced herself .
Reception guests form two lines and cheer as the couple walks through
Our DJ , Agent Dunn , cued up Michael Buble ’s “ Crazy Little Thing Called Love , ” and Frank and Raff had their first dance as a married couple .
Frank ’s sister and Raff ’s dad take photos of the first dance
The wedding party joins the couple on the dance floor
The father of the bride dance was next .
DJ Dunn cued up The Temptations ’ “ My Girl ” and Raff danced with her dad .
We had Agent Wimpy on hand to play the role of father of the bride in case our bride did n’t have her father with her , but it was all the more awesome that her real dad was there .
After the special dances were over , it was time to party .
DJ Dunn had prepared a playlist of wedding favorites for everyone to dance to .
Agent Dunn in his wedding DJ attire
The Electric Slide
The Macarena
A random woman in the park dances along to The Macarena
This mission was n’t focused on getting reactions from the random New Yorkers who happened to walk by .
I had n’t really thought about how strange it would be to come upon a wedding reception in a public park on a Monday afternoon at 2 PM .
Throughout the party , people stopped to smile , take photos , and even dance along to the music .
Agent Lathan gives the Best Man toast
The toasts were next .
I instructed the Best Man and Maid of Honor to give the best toasts they could , considering they had never met the couple .
Rather than making up specifics , they chose to just say nice ( though vague ) things about the bride and groom .
The bride and Maid of Honor meet each other for the first time
Raff and Agent Lindquist , fast friends !
“ To the couple ! ”
Agent Lee writes the couple ’s names on the cake
Family taking photos of the cake
After everyone had a bite of cake , it was time for the bouquet and garter tosses .
Raff ’s sister - in - law catches the bouquet
Agent Purnell catches the garter
Agent Sokoler took some posed photos both with the “ fake ” wedding party as well as the real family .
Agent Lindquist bought the bridesmaid dresses on the cheap at Old Navy and then spruced them up with pink bows .
Agent Fairey bought matching boutonniÃ¨res for the groomsmen .
Sneaking a kiss
The real family
After the photos , Frank and Raff opened up their gifts .
We had around 20 gifts wrapped for them .
Most of them were gift cards to a popular store ( we did n’t want to give them a bunch of heavy presents to carry unexpectedly . )
Agent Gordon had recently gotten married himself , and he wrapped a couple of gifts he received but did n’t want .
So it was nice for them to get a couple of non - gift card presents as well .
It was time to send the couple off , or at least around the block .
Agent Simmons distributed bird seed to everyone ( bird seed is the new rice , in case you did n’t hear ) , and we prepared to shower the couple .
Agent Simmons
I rented a pedicab for the occasion to take Frank and Raff for a brief post - reception ride .
Agent Toledo decorated it with streamers and a “ Just Married ” sign .
One last kiss for the crowd
Once they got back from their pedicab ride , Frank and Raff packed up their presents and told their wedding guests goodbye .
I took them aside and confessed that I wasnâ€™t actually from the mayorâ€™s office ( if that wasnâ€™t completely obvious by now ) .
I explained that we were just a group of people who liked throwing fun events like this .
It was a small break of character , but one that didnâ€™t seem too important .
This was pretty far from a prank , and the experience wasnâ€™t changed by the confession .
I had only told them I was from the mayorâ€™s office to get them on board .
It seemed more convincing than , â€ œIâ€™m a complete stranger who wants to throw you a party .â€ 
We exchanged contact information so I could arrange to send them the photos and video .
The family leaving the reception
The reception was an incredibly fun time .
We had planned to stage the mission for more than one couple , but Frank and Raff were just too perfect .
They stayed for over an hour and completely yes - anded everything we threw at them .
There were moments where it felt like we actually did all know each other and you sort of forgot you were “ acting . ”
The day after the reception , I got an email from Frank and Raff :
Whatever becomes of our “ scene ” we just wanted to say thanks because it was freakin’ hilarious .
The most important thing for us is that you gave us just about the best wedding story anyone could have to pass on .
Take good care .
Not a bad outcome for a rainy wedding day in Lower Manhattan .
Thank God for those tents .
Congrats to Frank and Raff !!!!
Mission Accomplished .
OTHER RESOURCES :
Many more photos in higher resolution :
Agent Sokoler ’s Flickr Set
Agent Slocum ’s Flickr Set
Agent Scott ’s Flickr Set
Our very talented Agent Adams and Sokoler are available to film and / or photograph weddings in the tri-state area .
Contact them at mattadamsapple at gmail _ com
How Berkeley 's ' Naked Guy ' met a tragic end On the East Bay
Andrew Martinez " The Naked Guy " appears at a hearing on Cal Campus to see if he will be expelled on 12/1/92 .
Deanne Fitzmaurice / The Chronicle Ran on : 08-22-2006 Luis Andrew Martinez became known as the &quo; Naked Guy&quo ; for attending Cal classes in the buff .
Ran on : 08-22-2006 less Andrew Martinez " The Naked Guy " appears at a hearing on Cal Campus to see if he will be expelled on 12/1/92 .
Deanne Fitzmaurice / The Chronicle Ran on : 08-22-2006 Luis Andrew Martinez became known as the ... more Photo : Deanne Fitzmaurice , The Chronicle Photo : Deanne Fitzmaurice , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close How Berkeley 's ' Naked Guy ' met a tragic end 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
As an education reporter working from a basement office in Sproul Hall on the UC Berkeley campus in the fall of 1992 , I remember when " Naked Guy " began showing up for class wearing nothing but a G - string covering his private parts .
Tall , lean , muscular and low - key , Luis Andrew Martinez , 20 , became an overnight media sensation .
The press aptly dubbed him Naked Guy and converged on campus to devour another only - in - Berkeley story .
While the moniker that made Martinez famous is probably unavoidable , he may also be remembered as the man who forced law enforcement officials in Santa Clara County to address serious suicide attempts in a serious manner .
There was nothing to suggest that trouble that would befall the handsome , well - spoken young man , and for about two months , he was a hot topic of conversation in Berkeley and well beyond .
In published interviews , Martinez said his decision to go nude was an attempt to illustrate that people have the right to " define normalcy in their own terms . "
" The Naked Guy thing did n't bother me because I knew there was a lot of thought behind it and he meant well , " said his mother , Esther Krenn , said Monday .
What bothered her , she said , was his expulsion from Cal .
" I did n't agree that it was a cause worth being expelled from school . "
Fourteen years later , in May 2006 - a lifetime after the limelight faded - Martinez , a diagnosed schizophrenic , committed suicide while in the Santa Clara County Jail awaiting trial .
Monday , Krenn won a $ 1 million settlement that includes mandated policy changes in Santa Clara County requiring family notification in the event of a suicide attempt .
Her son had attempted suicide two weeks before he died .
As a Berkeley student , Martinez 's decision to go nude was viewed as controversial , unconventional perhaps , but not " crazy " by local norms .
There were no nagging questions about whether Martinez 's actions were a sign of something more troubling than an individual lifestyle choice - the story was just too good .
At one point during the Naked Guy craze , a nude local theater troupe dubbed the X - Plicit Players held a nude , non-sexual touching exhibition at the entrance to Sproul Plaza in support of Martinez .
When they invited the crowd to join , one local homeless denizen started to disrobe until students watching the bizarre scene launched a counter - demonstration for the man to keep his clothes on .
A couple of members of the nude theater troupe were arrested a few minutes later , after a Berkeley police officer saw what he deemed to be illegal sexual contact .
For Martinez , the following two months were a flurry of media interviews , talk - show appearances , a photo spread in Playgirl magazine and a host of commercial offers , including a backpacking commercial .
For Krenn , her son's 15 minutes in the national spotlight - albeit in the raw - were part of his college experience and little else .
After he left school , Martinez remained in Berkeley for the next five years , spending his time writing , studying judo and occasionally appearing at speaking engagements in the area .
It was around that time there was a palpable change in Martinez , his mother said .
" There was something wrong .
Even though other people did n't know , we knew , " she said .
" I told him it was time to come home , let things get back to normal . "
But even as Martinez reunited with his loved ones , played tennis with his mom and went on camping trips with his family , his emotional state began to decline , slowly at first .
" Ninety percent of the time , he was normal , but things got worse as the year wore on , " Krenn said .
By Christmas , Martinez was not himself .
" He told me something was wrong - and he began to cry - and we both cried , " said Krenn .
Martinez spent the next 10 years in and out of state mental facilities , until he was arrested for an assault in a halfway house .
He spent the next 29 months in the county jail , where family members said his medications were not monitored and his mental illness was not adequately addressed or treated .
During his long illness , Martinez continued writing , and entrusted his mother with a manuscript filled with his thoughts on social justice - his reflections on personal choice and freedoms .
" As I read all the different articles that were written about him , I think people understood he was a cause - oriented person , " Krenn said .
" When he was in jail , he told me he thought it would be sad if all he was ever known for was being the Naked Guy . "
Settlement : Santa Clara County will pay $ 1 million to settle a wrongful - death suit over the jailhouse suicide of the " Naked Guy . "
B4
以前書いた記 事( Ruby 1.9 の新機能を調べてみた ) の m17n がらみの箇所についてコメントやらトラックバックやらをいただいたので、もう少し調べてまとめてみた。
なお 、1.9.0 リリース版ではなく、開発版( trunk r14835 ) で動作を確認している。
IO クラス
全般 IO オブジェクトは、それぞれ外部エンコーディン グ( external encoding ) と内部エンコーディン グ( internal encoding ) を持っている。 外部エンコーディング、内部エンコーディングを適切に設定しておくことで、入出力する文字列を自動的に変換( transcode)することができる。(後述)
IO.open
IO.popen
Kernel#open 第 2引き 数( mode ) で、 " r:UTF - 8 " または " r:UTF -8:EUC-JP " のようにコロン区切りでエンコーディング名を指定することにより
IO オブジェクトのエンコーディングを設定できる。 エンコーディン グ
を1つ指定した場合、それが外部エンコーディングとして設定される。
エンコーディングを2つ指定した場合、1つ目が外部エンコーディングとして、2つ目が内部エンコーディングとして設定される。
書き込みモードの時も同様に指定できる。
読み出しモードで外部エンコーディングを指定せずに
IO オブジェクトを作成した場合、外部エンコーディングとして
Encoding .default_external が設定される。 IO のサブクラスの場合は挙動が変わるかも 。
IO#getc
IO#ungetc 1文字を読み出す、または戻す。(多バイト文字も考慮される)
IO # external_encoding IO オブジェクトの外部エンコーディングを
Encoding で返す。 設定していない場合は nil が返る 。
IO # internal_encoding IO オブジェクトの内部エンコーディングを
Encoding で返す。 設定していない場合は nil が返る 。
IO#set_encoding ( enc )
IO #set_encoding ( ext_enc , int_enc ) IO オブジェクトのエンコーディングを変更する。引き数には文字列または
Encoding オブジェクトを指定する。 IO オブジェク ト( 自分自身 ) を返す。 引き数が 1 つの Encoding オブジェクトの場合、外部エンコーディングを設定する。 引き数が 1 つの文字列の場合、 " 外部エンコーディング名 " として外部エンコーディングを指定するか、もしくは " 外部エンコーディング名:内部エンコーディング名 " のようにコロン区切りで外部/内部エンコーディング名を同時に指定する。 引き数が 2 つの場合、1 つめに外部エンコーディング、2 つめに内部エンコーディングを指定する。
$ stdin .set_encoding ( ' UTF - 8:Shift_JIS ' ) p $ stdin .internal_encoding p $ stdin .external_encoding
エンコーディング変換 ( transcode ) 読み出し時 IO # internal_encoding が nil の場合、読み出し結果の文字列のエンコーディングは IO # external_encoding になる。エンコーディングの変換( transcode ) はされない。 外部エンコーディン グ( external encoding ) を明示的に指定していない場合、 Encoding.default_external が使われる( デフォルト動作 ) 。
p Encoding .default_external open ( ' filename ' , ' r ' ) do | f | p f.internal_encoding p f.external_encoding p f.read .
encoding end open ( ' filename ' , ' r:EUC - JP ' ) do | f | p f.internal_encoding p f.external_encoding p f.read.encoding
end
IO # internal_encoding が nil 以外の場合、読み出した文字列を external_encoding から internal_encoding に変換した結果が返る 。
p Encoding .default_external open ( ' filename ' , ' r:EUC-JP:UTF - 8 ' ) do | f | p f.internal_encoding p f.external_encoding p f.read.encoding
end
書き込み時 IO # internal_encoding と IO # external_encoding がともに nil の場合、エンコーディングの変 換( transcode ) は行なわれずにそのまま出力される。( デフォルト動作)
IO # internal_encoding が nil で IO#external_encoding が設定されている場合、文字列のエンコーディングを external_encoding に変換した結果を出力する。( 内部では String#encode が呼ばれる )
str = " \xa4\xa2 " .force_encoding ( ' EUC - JP ' ) p $ stdout .internal_encoding p $ stdout .external_encoding $ stdout .set_encoding ( ' UTF - 8 ' ) p $ stdout .internal_encoding p $ stdout .external_encoding puts str
IO#internal_encoding と IO#external_encoding がともに設定されている場合、文字列が持っているエンコーディング情報に関わらず、エンコーディングを internal_encoding から external_encoding へ変換した結果を出力する。( 内部では String#encode が呼ばれる )
str = " \xa4\xa2 " .force_encoding ( ' ASCII ' ) $ stdout .set_encoding ( ' UTF - 8 ' , ' EUC - JP ' ) p $ stdout .internal_encoding p $ stdout . external_encoding p str.encoding puts str
TODO 一旦設定した外部 / 内部エンコーディングを nil に戻すことはできるか ?
まだ理解してない部分、抜けてる部分、挙動が確定してなさそうな部分(バイナリモードの
IO でエンコーディング指定するとどうなるの ?
とか)があるので、気づいたら徐々に穴埋めするかも。
Updated at 2 p.m .
Bruce Bartlett , the economist and former Reagan administration official , has been pounding the drum to get people to be more realistic about taxes .
His case , in short , is that taxes will have to go up to cover the cost of government that Americans want .
Referring to this week ’s tea parties — the protests against taxes — Mr. Bartlett writes on Forbes.com :
First , many protesters implicitly assume that the deficit has increased solely as a result of Barack Obama ’s policies .
But in fact , the Congressional Budget Office was projecting a deficit of more than $ 1 trillion this year back in January , before any of Obama ’s policies had been enacted , and a cumulative deficit of $ 4.3 trillion through 2019 .
( CBO made no assumptions about what his policies might be in making its projection . )
It ’s true that projected deficits have gotten larger since January .
But much of this resulted from deteriorating economic conditions that would have occurred even if John McCain were president .
Moreover , it is absurd to assume that McCain would not have enacted any stimulus programs had he been elected …
I strongly suspect that many of those that loudly denounced the Obama stimulus package for its impact on the deficit would have cheered the McCain stimulus package even though it would have increased the deficit by about the same amount .
Proof of this proposition is that there were no tea parties during the years when George W. Bush was turning the surpluses of the Clinton years into massive deficits .
Indeed , if concerns about deficits are the primary motivation for this week ’s tax protests , then these same people should have been holding demonstrations of support for Bill Clinton in 2000 when the federal government ran a budget surplus of 2.4 % of the gross domestic product–equivalent to a surplus of $ 336 billion this year .
The truth is that the greatest addition to national indebtedness occurred in 2003 when Bush rammed through the Republican Congress a massive expansion of Medicare to provide drug benefits even though the system was already broke … .
People should remember that while they have the right to their opinion , they are not entitled to be taken seriously .
That only comes from having credibility gained by the correct presentation of facts and analysis and a willingness to be even - handed –criticizing one ’s own side when it is wrong and not only speaking up when the other party does the same thing .
Update : Mr. Bartlett wrote me an e-mail this afternoon , responding to some of the comments he ’s received from readers :
Eddie Sotto is a former Senior Vice President of Concept Design at Walt Disney Imagineering ; whose work on such projects as Main Street at Disneyland Paris , Indiana Jones : Temple of the Forbidden Eye , The Encounter Restaurant at LAX , and so many more , will ignite the smiles of guest ’s for years to come .
Mr. Sotto currently owns and operates his own design studio in LA , developing immersive experiences such as retail stores , restaurants , and other assorted themed experiences to a wide array of clients .
Eddie Sotto is a former Senior Vice President of Concept Design at Walt Disney Imagineering ; whose work on such projects as Main Street at Disneyland Paris , Indiana Jones : Temple of the Forbidden Eye , The Encounter Restaurant at LAX , and so many more , will ignite the smiles of guest ’s for years to come .
Mr. Sotto currently owns and operates his own design studio in LA , developing immersive experiences such as retail stores , restaurants , and other assorted themed experiences to a wide array of clients .
Concept Art by Eddie Sotto for Main Street
Concept Art by Eddie Sotto for Tom Sawyers Island , the catacombs of Jean Lafitte 's conquests
When aspiring Imagineers and Disney park fans talk about Imagineering , there are many hot topics that oftentimes find their way to the forefront of the discussion .
With 13 years experience with WDI under his belt , Former Imagineer Eddie Sotto kindly lent his time to us here at Imagineering Disney to give his own unique take on how he would tackle some of WDI ’s most commonly discussed questions .
E.S :
First off , this year marks a decade since I quit my job as SVP Concept Design at WDI .
Much has changed since those " Eisnerian " years and it may seem presumptuous for me to spout off what I would have done or would do creatively as it it were some revelation or better idea , when in fact , better ideas no doubt have been discussed within the WDI " cone of silence " , just never made public .
Management would become deaf to the continual onslaught of creative ideas , often real breakthroughs became " cannon fodder " and got lost in the brainstorming shuffle .
I read online suggestions many times that have a " why did n't they think of that " tone to them , when in fact , I laugh to myself knowing they did think of it , but as with most great ideas , they seldom see the light of day .
So I 'm doing this interview with the attitude that I do n't know any more or any better than anyone else , but lend a perspective that might be interesting reading .
Today 's Imagineers have a tougher time of it given the economy , so it's to them and their endurance that my support lies .
A complete Tomorrowland overhaul was originally slated by Eisner to be done in the late 90's , but as we all know , it never came to fruition .
We have seen updates to a few rides in Tomorrowland ( Finding Nemo Sub's , Space Mountain ) but many agree that Tomorrowland is in desperate need of a total refurbishment , as it has outdated itself many times over and does not adequately represent the hope and grandeur of the future that it is supposed to .
What sort of things would you do to if you were to create " Tommorowland 2055 " ?
E.S :
I have always been a big fan of the 1967 version as I thought it was very sincere and actually demonstrated a tangible future .
You rode a Peoplemover , the Monorail brought you in and out of the land .
The band rose up from the ground in a futuristic way .
and of course a model of " Progress City " was there to show you how it all would fit together as at the time Disney was planning to actually build it !
A hard act to follow .
The land was designed in an Eero Saarinen inspired style ( i.e. TWA Terminal JFK Airport ) that represented its day , but was optimistic and very clean without being wholly minimal .
Space Mountain is a beautiful and original design .
It was not kitchy at all .
There are two ways to go with this .
One is to create a retro , somewhat timeless concept that does not require frequent updates and is based on cute optimism .
( Makes the most fiscal sense . )
We have that now .
The other is to set a goal to actually lead the future and risk being outdated by the time you open then keep it fresh .
We are in the Digital Age with more innovation that there ever was in the 1960's .
Here 's where it could get interesting .
Today 's public is exposed to more beautiful industrial design than ever .
Toilet brushes are now designed by Phillippe Starck and sold at Target .
Guys like Steve Jobs have used design as a universal language for the future by making computers in themselves optimistically iconic and beautiful .
And it sells .
The Apple Stores have extended the device design into a seamless physical environment .
The future CAN be fun , beautiful , cool and need not be beige plastic .
By using natural wood , stone and glass in their stores , Apple conveys that the future is real and tangible , more than gold spray paint .
This leads me to believe that companies and designers like Apple , Zaha Hadid , Calatrava , Pininfarina , and other firms that predict the future as design could be part of a new rebirth of Tomorrowland as a nexus of great optimistic experiences .
Perhaps Digital LED walls and " buildings that think " or sense your presence .
Stuff like that .
Showcasing all that 's green by it being the norm , not just green gadgets .
Why not a " Volt " or " Tesla " Autopia ?
( This would take big moves as Oil Companies are the sponsoring of the future right now .
It gets very complex and difficult very fast . )
The challenge with this is that it would have to reach out beyond what these firms would do in Vegas , a home show or a Mall , it would have to still have the impact of something truly unique and set the bar high .
WDI adds that factor .
All of this never takes the place of great Attractions , it 's just the wrapper .
Segways , Smart Cars , Free Ranging ride Vehicles , etc. Tomorrowland should reflect the optimism and bold creativity of Pasadena 's Art Center Student Shows .
I know that it may not make fiscal sense to try this and is hard to keep fresh , but to me if you are going to offer an " escape " to guests from their daily lives , a tangible hope for the future is a big part of fulfilling that .
I know it was for me .
This would have to be born of a corporate initiative to lead the future as Walt did with his Space and transportation passions .
Progress City
Architect Santiago Calatrava
Architect Zaha Hadid
Apple Store in NYC
There are always rumors swirling around the inevitable " 5th park " at Disney World .
Beastly Kingdom was originally supposed to be another section of Animal Kingdom , but has also been rumored as being its own separate park .
Are there any particular themes or ideas that you would explore if you were to create that elusive next new park ?
E.S :
To build on the Tomorrowland notion , I say build Walt 's " Progress City " for real as part of the Disney Vacation Club .
He deserves that much .
DVC members get to play " resident " in the Tower Rooms and Bungalows sampling the future , and regular guests can hop off the monorail and spend their ever loving guts out in the Amazon mall of the future and at the Google Restaurants .
It would be the most talked about thing WDI has ever done ( especially if you had to dress like they did in " Logan 's Run " ! ) .
The Future Spa would be insane as well .
( I working on that one right now )
Peoplemovers are the main mode of transport , the Monorail bisects the resort , just like in the GE show .
Do the Hub and spoke plan with a new tower in the middle ( all green powered ) , ringed by a " minority report " wow factor indoor mall .
The whole nine yards on crack .
Tech Companies could fill it with their stuff .
( i.e. The Microsoft touch table restaurant , etc ) the Apple iSuite .
Teslas and Segways , and of course there will always be an amazing wave pool for the kids and organic 20 calorie GE shaped Churros .
You name it it 's all there .
Believe me , it would make so much money it 's not even funny .
Microsoft Surface , new touch screen technology
California Adventure has been under scrutiny ever since it opened in 2001 .
Though it seemed to have started off on the wrong foot , the new 1.1 billion dollar expansion looks promising .
What are your thoughts on this expansion ?
It is clear that the expansion ( and a lot of Disney 's new ventures ) is very character centric , and Imagineers have been accused of creating a lack of original content lately .
If you were to tackle the expansion of California Adventure , how would you go about it and what sort of things might you do ?
E.S :
The investment of 1.1 billion of ( or whatever it is ) , is an unprecedented vote of confidence from the board to WDI and especially Bob Weis .
It 's huge .
They are committed to doing whatever it takes to make the park work and additionally , so much of the money going into placemaking reveals a corporate long term approach to making the park a " place you want to be " as a top priority .
This is a big sea change from the past .
I 'm not sure what I would do that is n't being done .
To me , DCA can in places be really difficult as you do n't have a berm , so the " immersion " into another world is hard to begin with .
You have to get the guest out of the old parking lot and into another time and place .
The new entrance will do that for sure .
If it were me , I 'd try to squeeze in one more " wow " D or E Attraction , or level up an existing one to that status .
I hope the Carthay Circle Theater will become something amazing as they had proposed .
The " World of Color " show seems to be Fantasmic ! on Crack .
So the lake in the middle will become a great " engine " for the park .
It needed that Disney " heartbeat " and a must see .
All good .
A minor touch would be to overlay a late 1920 's overlay into Paradise Pier ( layers of change ) to differentiate it from Main Street ( anyone who knew me on DLP could see that comment coming a mile away ) .
The character imagery is from that time so they are halfway there now just add a bit more story texture .
I loved the " Roaring 20 's " area of Knott 's back in the 80's and it had a great period feel that never felt overly cute .
The architecture was done in layers ,
The 20's slapped right over the old 1890s .
It kind of came off realistic in a way .
Paradise Pier has a great kinetic energy with that coaster , something Main Street will never have .
So there seems to be an opportunity to exploit that as I 'm sure they will .
I love seeing attractions they added that are borne out of California 's past like the Pacific Electric RedCar .
It 's the history buff thing .
That 's just my two cents , the upgrades they are making are all top quality .
" Roaring 20 's " area of Knott 's back in the 80's
Concept
Art of DCA 's new entrance
You had a lead role while you were with Imagineering designing the Encounter Restaurant at LAX .
As far as I know , this is one of the few larger ventures Imagineering has worked on that was n't directly attached to the Disney brand .
I 've heard this was one of your favorite design experiences ; do you think that Imagineering should get more involved in these sorts of outside endeavors ?
And if so , what kind of projects would you have Imagineering seek out ?
E.S :
Only if you can learn something , break even and take the brand somewhere it makes sense to explore .
LAX did all three .
We justified LAX internally as a means to learn how to do a small project in a highly political environment like an airport and do it for a budget .
Believe it not that project got a THEA award for best project on a limited budget .
As to what to seek out .
Hmmm .
If the recent fiasco with the DL Monorails is any indication , they learned some valuable lessons in transportation design .
I 'd love to see WDI close the " experiential " gap in the show between the airport and their new hotel initiatives with great light rail and trans solutions ( Buses too ! ) that cities can latch onto ( or begin by fixing the Florida property ) .
Overhead is always an issue as to being competitive , so who knows where that will end up .
I think they can get there if the company supports a futuristic vision .
Concept Art by Eddie Sotto of the Interior of the Encounter Restaraunt at LAX
Encounter Restaurant at LAX
Plain and simple , which Disney attraction ( from any of the parks ) is in the most need for a refurbishment ?
What would you do in designing this refurbishment ?
E.S :
Good question .
So many of the obvious choices are in development from what I read , like " Star Tours " , " Lincoln " or " Hall of Presidents " .
I 'd bite off the whole of EPCOT , as it is a grand opportunity and a unique theme to develop as parks go .
Money is usually the reason you do n't see this stuff happen , so it 's no one 's fault that things are as they are .
But if cash were no object , I 'd want to really make Future World deliver on it's promise and send guests away with a " call to action " to make the future brighter .
The voice of Future world could be " we are , not you should " as the future is shown to you by example not preached .
Maybe look ahead to a better balance between where you use characters to deliver the content and make it something that sophisticated grownups can appreciate as well as the kids .
Make it more legit .
Private Spaceflight companies like Virgin Galactic should set up spaceport training centers right on site .
World Showcase could be much more relevant beyond the traditional cultures , as Italy to me is not just Lasagna , it 's Ferraris and Ducati .
Japan 's Kyoto traditions may benefit from the contrast of the Ginza , Germany is always Oktoberfest , but also Porsche Design , UK is Fashion , and Rock and Roll .
I love the pavilions but how can they be more expansive and satisfying .
The Wine and Food Fest proves how rich they can be .
The one attraction ( to answer your question ) might be to update the Energy Pavilion as alternative energy is the one thing on our planet that seems most relevant and in need of delivering on .
Maybe there is an area to demo things like that as a post show ?
This pavilion has a great ride system and Dinosaurs , so there are some good " bones " to work with .
Not to mention the capability to use 3D on those huge screens .
Again , the sponsor has a big say , so it 's never easy .
I 'm sure you 'll find at least ten drawers full of ideas like this back at WDI .
Thank you very much for your time , this unique interview has given future Imagineers and Disney park fans alike a one of a kind and insightful perspective directly from a veteran Imagineer ’s mind .
It ’s been a pleasure .
E.S :
You are more than welcome , I hope these " armchair Imagineering " observations spur some interesting blogging and some good old fashioned hate mail .
Check out the
to see some of Eddie ’s exceptional work , as well as his other interviews featured on the
as well as Themedattraction.com which has just recently released an entire 4 - part series of Interviews with the Eddie
that are absolutely inspiring !
Also , feel free to leave your own take on these questions and comment on Mr. Sotto ’s answers !
Two of the four Blackwater - affiliated contractors involved in a civilian shooting incident in Kabul earlier this month have fled to the U.S. in order to avoid possible prosecution from Afghan authorities , according to their attorney .
The four men worked as military trainers for Paravant LLC , an affiliate of Blackwater Worldwide , whose parent company is now called Xe after a recent name change .
Paravant was assisting Raytheon Co. on a Defense Department contract .
Armed ...
A new poll has revealed that Anna Kournikova is considered the sexiest female tennis star ever .
Kournikova came first in the poll , conducted for Mivvi Luxury Ice Cream Lollies , ahead of fellow Russian Maria Sharapova .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Click the image on the right to discover who the sexiest tennis stars of all - time are .
Meanwhile Andre Agassi tops the poll when it comes to the men and Tim Henman pips Andy Murray in the sexy stakes .
We select 10 of our favourite signs from our weekly Sign Language picture galleries .
A name you can trust
Credit : John Goldman / Signspotting
STOCKHOLM ( Reuters ) - Sweden ’s Koenigsegg , a niche manufacturer of some of the world ’s fastest and most expensive sports cars , has struck a deal to buy loss - making Saab Automobile from General Motors Corp , the companies said on Tuesday .
In one of the most unlikely pairings in automotive history , the tiny sports car maker with a staff of 45 is expected to take over a company that employs around 3,400 -- a cherished Swedish brand that became a national icon for stability and reliability .
GM Europe said on its website that the deal , set to close by the end of the third quarter , includes an expected $ 600 million of financing from the European Investment Bank , guaranteed by the Swedish government .
Other terms were not disclosed .
“ Additional support is to be provided by GM and Koenigsegg Group AB to fund Saab ’s operations and product program investments .
This includes plans to launch several new products that are in the final stages of development , ” GM Europe said .
Like its U.S. parent , Saab has been in bankruptcy protection .
It has said it needs $ 1 billion to see it through the crisis and has asked creditors to write off 75 percent of its 10.6 billion crown ( $ 1.4 billion ) debt , most of which is owed to GM .
Koenigsegg , which produces powerful cars that cost around $ 1 million , came out of nowhere as a front - runner to buy Saab .
But analysts are skeptical the tie - up makes sense , noting that Christian von Koenigsegg , founder of the company bearing his name , has no evident experience owning or running so large a company .
Last year , Koenigsegg made 18 cars , Saab more than 93,000 .
“ There are no economies of scale between Saab and Koenigsegg .
This is a constellation of buyers that probably have different interests than GM , which was driven by volume , ” said Mikael Wickelgren , an automotive expert at Skovde University , in southwestern Sweden not far from Saab ’s headquarters .
“ This will be a business where one would assume that the owners want to chisel out a personality for Saab .
The logic would be in the special and unique .
Otherwise I cannot understand this deal . ”
Christian von Koenigsegg told Swedish television the new owner was evaluating Saab ’s current business plan .
“ We ’re following Jan Ake ’s ( Saab CEO ) business plan and we ’re stress testing it to see what the different scenarios would mean .
If the downturn would last long , how would lower volumes work and vice versa , ” he told Swedish television .
Separately , he told Swedish news agency TT that Koenigsegg would pay EIB back and that its plans for Saab were long - term .
Koenigsegg has backing from Norwegian entrepreneur Bard Eker , whose holding company owns 49 percent of the carmaker .
Halldora von Koenigsegg , spokeswoman for the company and wife of its founder , said a memorandum of understanding had been signed , but declined to comment further .
New Saab automobiles are parked in a storage lot outside the main Saab factory in Trollhattan June 10 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Bob Strong
TWO DECADES UNDER GM
The deal would see Saab , which was put up for sale earlier this year , emerge from two decades as a unit of its U.S. parent .
GM is also offloading two other brands -- Saturn and its Hummer SUV line -- as it works to restructure its operations in bankruptcy .
Saab ’s roughly 220 U.S. dealerships have until Friday to sign an agreement that allow their franchises to be transferred to a new owner , a person familiar with the matter said .
Dealers have been asked to prepare for an orderly wind - down should the automaker be unable to close a deal to sell the brand .
While Saab is known for its appeal to safety - conscious , but slightly sporty family drivers , Koenigsegg caters to clients who arrive in private jets at the company ’s factory , which even boasts its own airstrip .
Christian von Koenigsegg , who founded his company 15 years ago when he was 22 , is known in the industry as a quality - obsessed car enthusiast as opposed to a businessman .
But Saab and Koenigsegg do share a history of technological innovation .
Koenigsegg has patented some of his own gadgetry , while Saab created a sensation in the 1970s with the use of turbo technology in everyday cars .
Now Saab plans to overhaul production and launch new models , while absorbing expected losses of about 3 billion Swedish crowns ( $ 382 million ) this year .
GM plans to narrow its focus to the Chevrolet , Buick , GMC and Cadillac brands under a plan that would transfer majority control to the U.S. government .
An EIB official said its board needed to have key information some six weeks before a meeting .
“ That means we will not be able to have it ready before the meeting in July and the next meeting is in September , ” said Mats Gunnarsson , senior adviser to the EIB management committee .
Joran Hagglund , state secretary for Sweden ’s industry ministry , told Reuters : “ We do not yet know if the Koenigsegg group will need loan guarantees or not . ”
Nonetheless , Industry Minister Maud Olofsson welcomed the news , as did Saab worker representatives .
She said Saab the staff and other residents of the town of Trollhattan , where Saab is headquartered , had been waiting for a development .
( Additional reporting by Kevin Krolicki and Soyoung Kim in Detroit ; writing by Adam Cox ; editing by Greg Mahlich , John Stonestreet and Andre Grenon )
Using a conservative definition , 62.1 percent of all bankruptcies in 2007 were medical ; 92 percent of these medical debtors had medical debts over $ 5,000
Many debtors described a complex web of problems involving illness , work , and family .
Dissecting medical from other causes of bankruptcy is difficult .
We cannot presume that eliminating the medical antecedents of bankruptcy would have prevented all of the filings we classified as " medical bankruptcies . "
In 1591 Pope Gregory XIV fell gravely ill .
His doctors prescribed pulverized gold and gems .
According to legend , the resulting depletion of the papal treasury is reflected in his unadorned plaster sarcophagus in St. Peter 's Basilica .
Four centuries later , solidly middle - class Americans still face impoverishment following a serious illness .
which is what the the same guy said four years ago .
Either Gates got richer , Buffett got poorer , or they have n't learned much after 4 years of careful study into this problem .
That would be a sign that numbers are less important than ideology .
III .
I get conflicted because I 'mthe same thing he is for , a single payer system ( with modifications ) , but studies like this one and people like this guy make me react negatively to it .
It actually makes me want to drink .
I realize it 's shooting my face to spite my teeth , or something , but these academics who stagnate in their sycophancy drive me straight to the rum .
The study is not published yet , so I have to rely on the news report , which is like relying on your wife 's lover to tell you which bottle is n't the cyanide .
But here goes : I realize I may be out of touch with the common man because I 'm a wealthy industrialist who wears a monocle and a top hat , but are you telling me that 60 % of all of thein the U.S. were because of $ 5000 ?
It 's a good guess that people were in debt with other things as well , right ?
Credit cards ?
Car loans ?
Home equity loans ?
But blaming it on medical expenses is a more politically lucrative spin .
No , I can't prove it .
I can , however , prove the authors are up to nonsense : in their last study ( four years ago ) with similar findings , they conflated " medical bills " with missing work due to illness
They did n't have high bills ; This is n't an argument for universal healthcare ; it 's an argument for disability insurance .
Which , by the way , even doctors do n't bother to get .
It 's expensive and complicated and Disability insurance does n't lend itself to ideological battles .
You can't get self - righteous about it .
You can't hate Pharma for it .
Truth does n't come from God or physics , it comes from the potential of grant money .
It 's good to keep this in mind as you hear people argue violently about something they neither understand , nor really care about .
IV .
Here 's what was buried in the paper , towards the end :
It 's hard to know how you 'll end an article once you permit yourself to ignore the facts and make them submit to your worldview .
But a good guess would be :
Do any of these clowns realize that this example iswhy universal healthcare is the wrong solution to ( also , see my response to a comment , below ; then final word here -----------------------------
A weekly comic strip , covering politics , pop culture , and the absurd .
Budget Summer Vacation Ideas
Do your shopping one town over to experience the unique perspectives offered by its slightly different strip malls .
Instead of a stay - cation , try a medically induced coma-cation .
A visit with the local cat lady is just like visiting the world 's saddest zoo .
Build a makeshift raft and go on a cruise to a country that has jobs and health care .
Pump the kids full of NyQuil and tell them the kiddie ride outside the Goodwill is Disneyworld .
Tourism in a Down Economy
Currency exchange rates are so bad , American tourists have been forced to carry Rai stone coins in their fanny packs .
The rising cost of airfare has forced sex tourists to settle for bus stop hand jobs .
Andy Friedman
LARRY DAVID : Go. Whaddya got ?
SCOTT RAAB : I got a tiny window of time here .
LD : You call this a tiny window ?
Are you kidding ?
This is interminable .
A tiny window is 20 minutes , a half an hour .
Why do n't you sit on that chair ?
Is that easier ?
SR : Why not this chair ?
LD : You know why ?
It 's a turn of my neck in a bad way .
SR : I was going to ask about the neck .
I have a note about the neck .
LD : This is easier , yeah .
It 's a bad position for the neck .
SR : When I went through my old transcript from 2002 , the neck played a huge part .
LD : It 's better .
It 's better .
It used to be all day long I was like that , but it 's better .
Yeah .
SR : You still get regular treatment ?
LD : Yeah .
Yeah , I do .
SR : So it 's like psychotherapy in a way .
LD : How so ?
SR : You 've got pain , stiffness , all this distress with the neck .
So you get treatment and you get treatment , and it ameliorates it a little bit , but still , all these years later ...
LD : It does make it better .
It makes it more livable .
SR : You see the analogy ?
LD : No . I do n't .
No .
[ The publicist asks if David wants a bite to eat .
He scans the hotel lounge 's menu . ]
LD : Here 's what I 'll have : split - pea soup and white - bean hummus .
Is that okay ?
PUBLICIST : Whatever you want .
LD : And I do n't need the cheesy croutons .
And if there 's cream in the soup , do n't get it .
PUBLICIST : I 'll check .
LD : Yeah .
No cream or butter in the soup or the hummus .
SR : Is that a lactose thing or a general - health thing ?
LD : General health .
SR : So you tolerate lactose .
LD : I tolerate lactose like I tolerate people .
SR : I heard you did n't want to do the new movie at first .
You said no ?
LD : I did n't say no .
I said , I have to talk to him .
I have to let him know that he 's potentially destroying his movie , that he could be making a terrible , terrible error .
I needed to let him know that I did n't know or think that I was capable of doing this .
SR : Why ?
LD : First of all , there were some very daunting things in the script — huge monologues , some dramatic stuff .
SR : How long did you work on the limp ?
LD : When I got on the set .
SR : It was n't hard , limping that way ?
LD : No .
Anybody could do it .
It required no skill whatsoever .
SR : Did you call on your own reserve of experience to play such a bastard ?
LD : I was n't really calling on a reserve .
It was n't a reserve like I 'm some kind of Method actor .
Let 's not get the wrong impression here .
It 's not that complicated , really .
SR : Did Woody have to give you a lot of direction ?
LD : Not a lot of direction , but he directed me when something was n't to his liking .
He would come up and go , " No , you 're being too nice to her .
Do n't be so nice . "
He did n't want me to be too nice .
SR : You did good .
And you were quite touching in the scene in which Evan Rachel Wood 's character breaks up with Boris .
LD : I 've had some experience in this arena .
So it was n't foreign to me to have a woman say she does n't want to see me anymore .
SR : You 're a single guy now ?
LD : I 'm a single guy , yeah .
SR : Is that going okay ?
LD : Yeah .
More than okay .
Better than okay .
SR : You 've got a few things going for you .
LD : I would think .
SR : Still driving the Prius ?
LD : I 'm still driving a Prius , yeah .
I was thinking about this Tesla .
SR : I just saw one at an auto show .
LD : The sedan — did you see the sedan ?
The sedan is , you know , four doors .
SR : Awesome .
And electric .
LD : I know .
I 'm thinking about that .
SR : They 're pricey .
LD : Yeah , I know .
I know they 're pricey .
Yes .
Well , rich prick , you know .
Rich prick that I am .
[ The room - service waiter and the publicist arrive . ]
Waiter :
The plate is very hot .
Please do n't touch the plate .
PUBLICIST : Larry , they do n't make pea soup anymore .
I got you the tomato .
LD : Is there cream in it ?
PUBLICIST : No .
LD : No butter ?
PUBLICIST : It 's all vegetable - based .
LD : Really ?
SR : Go ahead , eat .
LD : This is not a break .
Do n't take a break .
Keep this interview going .
SR : You do n't want a break ?
LD : No .
If you do n't mind the crunch sounds .
SR : They 'll add texture .
So you think you 'll get other movie offers ?
LD : I do n't know .
SR : Have people sent your agent scripts ?
LD : No .
Not that I 'm aware of .
SR : You 're 62 now ?
LD : One .
Sixty - one .
SR : So you have n't really peaked yet .
LD : You know , the show 's in high - definition now .
So I 'm looking at the dailies now and I said to the producer , " Listen , this is crazy .
I look like I 'm 75 years old .
Nobody wants to watch an old man being funny .
That 's just a fact .
No one wants to see this old man on TV . "
SR : Can they do some kind of gauzy late - career Joan Crawford thing for you ?
LD : No .
But that 's what I need .
SR : What are you seeing that I 'm not seeing ?
You 're tanned , you 're fit .
You 're not wrinkled in a ghastly fashion .
LD : It 's different on TV .
I 'm just making observations .
It 's just a comment .
It 's not a big deal .
What else you got ?
SR : The Seinfeld Curse .
LD : Whaddya mean ?
Julia [ Louis - Dreyfus ] has a hit show .
She 's won an Emmy .
It was the most absurd , silliest , stupidest thing to say that there was a curse .
SR : You do n't think there was a curse ?
LD : Are you crazy ?
It 's so annoying to hear something like that .
There was no curse .
It 's crazy .
So there were two TV shows attempted that did n't work ?
Big deal .
How many TV shows work ?
SR : I seem to remember Costanza doing Kentucky Fried Chicken commercials .
LD : Well , he 's entitled to make a living .
But a curse ?
It 's so absurd .
SR : Michael Richards ?
LD : Well , he had a show that was taken off , canceled .
SR : Not that .
He committed career seppuku .
LD : Well , we do n't know that .
We 're a forgiving people .
Do n't forget : America forgives .
Right ?
SR : So no curse .
LD : No . No .
That 's the most idiotic notion .
This is quite a good snack .
I 'm very happy with it .
SR : What 's the garlic content like on the hummus ?
LD : Oh , do they put a lot of garlic in the hummus ?
SR : It depends on the hummus .
Some hummus is very garlicky .
LD : I can't tell .
I better stop eating it .
SR : I should n't have said anything about garlic .
LD : You ruined the whole thing for me .
SR : What is that ?
LD : Breath tonic .
SR : It 's called Breath Tonic ?
LD : Yeah .
That 's what it 's called — Breath Tonic .
SR : You get it at Ralphs ?
LD : It 's from a health - food store .
Most people are completely unaware of their breath .
They violate your space , they have no idea that they have halitosis .
SR : Is this something I need to think about ?
LD : No . No .
But I 'm surprised how few people actually think about it .
SR : I do think about it .
LD : Do you ?
I 'm a little obsessed with it , I have to say .
SR : It 's dragging a little here , no ?
LD : It 's draggin ' a little bit , yeah .
SR : I can wrap it up .
LD : No .
SR : I want you to be fresh for whatever you 're doing next .
LD : I 'll be fresh .
I 'll be fresh .
SR : So Curb 's seventh season is coming up .
You 're starring in a Woody Allen movie .
You 're here in New York City .
You walked the red carpet last night at the Tribeca Film Festival .
How does it feel to be Larry David ?
LD : A lot better than it used to , I can tell you that .
Better than having to walk from First Avenue to the West Side because I could n't afford to get home at night .
Having to eat Chef Boyardee , emptying the pennies in a grocery at three o'clock in the morning to buy Chef Boyardee — it 's better than that .
I feel good .
SR : The movie 's good .
LD : I 'm glad you liked it .
People think it 's gonna be a big thing .
I tell 'em , " Eh , it 's a movie . "
SR : I think it 'll do great .
LD : You do ?
Really ?
RELATED STORIES :
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Imagine your village ’s water supply was about to be contaminated by nuclear waste from a nearby dump and the federal government simply offered to put a fence around it .
If you were the Hopi Nation , you ’d sue .
In the 1950s , the Bureau of Indian Affairs created an unlined , unrestricted dump a few miles from a uranium mill on Navajo and Hopi land .
Everything from uranium tailings to medical waste has been dumped there over the decades .
The dump was closed – covered over with sand and dirt – in 1997 and the Hopi and Navajo people have been fighting for a cleanup ever since .
Studies have confirmed that groundwater near the dump contains levels of uranium , arsenic , chromium and more that far exceed what is considered safe .
What ’s the “ safe ” level of uranium , anyway ?
And after years of watching government agencies hem and haw over the issues ( yes , even offering to simply build a fence around the dump ) , the Hopi Nation is fed up .
They plan to take serious legal action .
And they ’re not just suing as a matter of principle , but because a uranium - contaminated water plume is headed directly for the Hopi water supply .
Drinking water is a precious commodity , especially in the Arizonan high desert , and it was governmental mismanagement that led to the problem in the first place .
It ’s hard to believe that anyone could sue the government itself and succeed , but with President Obama ’s more sensitive leadership , maybe this major law suit ( which includes the Department of Energy , Department of Defense and the Environmental Protection Agency ) will make the United States government pay better attention to the real and ongoing saga of Native American affairs .
There 's just no convincing this moggy that exercise is the way to go .
Explica el mandatario veracruzano que la comunidad de La Gloria en el municipio de Perote se convirti� en un atractivo tur�stico , porque supuestamente ah� se origin� la influenza humana
Xalapa , Veracruz | Domingo 24 de mayo de 2009
�dgar �vila / Corresponsal | El Universal
17:13
During an interview with the LA Times , EA Games label president Frank Gibeau revealed that there will be no more Godfather games in the works .
He told the paper that , “ We ’re not going to do another one . ” , and that there is n’t one scheduled in the next three years .
EA ’s PR then cleared up some of the air , reporting that no decision has been made regarding the Godfather franchise , and that “ Paramount is a great partner . ”
Would you like to see another game in the Godfather series , or should this series sleep with the fishes ?
Post your comments below !
Also , you can check out our The Godfather 2 review , right here on PlayStation LifeStyle .
[ Source ]
Update : Microsoft's Empty Promise
Debian 's decision to include Mono in its principal way of installing GNOME , for the sake of Tomboy which is an application written in C# , leads the community in a risky direction .
It is dangerous to depend on C# , so we need to discourage its use .
The problem is not unique to Mono ; any free implementation of C# would raise the same issue .
The danger is that Microsoft is probably planning to force all free C# implementations underground some day using software patents .
( See http://swpat.org and http://progfree.org.)
This is a serious danger , and only fools would ignore it until the day it actually happens .
We need to take precautions now to protect ourselves from this future danger .
This is not to say that implementing C# is a bad thing .
Free C# implementations permit users to run their C# programs on free platforms , which is good .
( The GNU Project has an implementation of C# also , called Portable .
NET . )
Ideally we want to provide free implementations for all languages that programmers have used .
The problem is not in the C# implementations , but rather in Tomboy and other applications written in C# .
If we lose the use of C# , we will lose them too .
That does n't make them unethical , but it means that writing them and using them is taking a gratuitous risk .
We should systematically arrange to depend on the free C# implementations as little as possible .
In other words , we should discourage people from writing programs in C# .
Therefore , we should not include C# implementations in the default installation of GNU / Linux distributions or in their principal ways of installing GNOME , and we should distribute and recommend non-C# applications rather than comparable C# applications whenever possible .
An earlier version of this article incorrectly stated that Mono would now be installed by default in Debian .
We have corrected this text , and we are sorry for the error .
Translations :
Perché il software libero non deve dipendere da Mono o dal C #
De ce programele libere nu trebuie să depind ă de Mono sau C #
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
When people on the government 's terrorist watch list have tried to buy guns or explosives in recent years , the government has let them the vast majority of the time .
Current law does n't stop firearm or explosives sales to people whose names are on the terrorist watch list .
That 's the finding of a new report by the Government Accountability Office , sent to lawmakers last month and released publicly Monday .
From February 2004 to February 2009 , 963 background checks using the FBI 's National Instant Criminal Background Check System " resulted in valid matches with terrorist watch list records ; of these matches , approximately 90 percent were allowed to proceed because the checks revealed no prohibiting information , " the GAO report says .
About 10 percent were denied .
" Under current law , there is no basis to automatically prohibit a person from possessing firearms or explosives because they appear on the terrorist watch list , " wrote the GAO 's director of homeland security and justice issues , Eileen R. Larence .
" Rather , there must be a disqualifying factor ( i.e. , prohibiting information ) pursuant to federal or state law , such as a felony conviction or illegal immigration status . "
Of the 963 background checks , 865 were allowed to proceed , and 98 were denied , the report said .
The GAO provided the report in response to a request from Sen. Frank Lautenberg , D - New Jersey .
The GAO said Lautenberg had requested an update to a 2005 report .
In a statement Monday , Lautenberg said , " this new report is proof positive that known and suspected terrorists are exploiting a major loophole in our law , threatening our families and our communities .
This ' terror gap ' has been open too long , and our national security demands that we shut it down . "
The statement said Lautenberg is introducing legislation that would give the U.S. attorney general " authority to stop the sale of guns or explosives to terrorists . "
However , an official with the National Rifle Association , the leading lobbyist group that espouses gun ownership rights , said problems with the terror watch list made a broad prohibition likely to violate the rights of law - abiding citizens .
" The integrity of the terror watch list is poor , as it mistakenly contains the names of many men and women , including some high - profile Americans , who have not violated the law , " said a statement by Chris W. Cox , the NRA chief lobbyist .
" In fact , a March 2009 report by the inspector general of the Department of Justice concluded that many people whose names were mistakenly placed on the list remain there even after their cases have been vetted and closed . "
The GAO notes that being on a terrorist watch list does not mean that someone is involved in any terrorist activity .
Last month , the Justice Department reported that the FBI had kept thousands of names on its watch list based on outdated information and should have removed them .
All About Gun Control • U.S. Government Accountability Office
King David tangoed but did n't tweet
Opposition researchers say they could n’t be happier .
“ It ’s a godsend for us , ” said Jason Stanford , president of Stanford Research .
“ Most times you have to get someone ’s enemies to give you an embarrassing photo .
Now , candidates themselves are posting them on the Internet . ” ...
In 2006 , Facebook pictures of Tennessee Republican Senate candidate Bob Corker ’s daughter kissing a woman and attending an event where people were partially clothed made the rounds on the Internet .
... In 2008 , a Facebook controversy involving the son of Colorado Republican Senate candidate Bob Schaffer , made headlines .
Justin Schaffer , 19 , issued a public apology after word circulated of his Facebook “ bumper stickers ” which included “ Slavery Gets Shit Done , ” an image of Jesus holding a machine gun in front of a Confederate flag and captioned “ What Would a Republican Jesus Do ? ” and others .
There are no firm statistics on how many politicians actively use Facebook , but the company says the numbers will only increase as membership continues to rise .
Facebook claims 200 million active users , including 60 million in the United States .
The site figured prominently in the 2008 elections in which all major presidential candidates used Facebook and other Internet tools .
“ Candidates are going to Facebook because that ’s where the voters are , ” said Adam Conner , Facebook ’s D.C. Associate for Privacy and Public Policy .
Andrew Rasiej , founder of Personal Democracy Forum , which covers the intersection of politics and technology , said Internet tools are “ the most powerful , least expensive , and effective organizing tool ever invented by man . ”
As long as Facebook remains a driving force , candidates need to learn how to use it most effectively , he said .
“ Facebook has become the new town square in democracy with all the good things and all the bad things , ” he added , “ ... but if you want to be at the center of a community ... and be heard , there ’s no better place in our current day and age than Facebook to amplify your message and to find out what others are saying or thinking about what you ’re saying . ”
Many of us have been in shock and awe at how our political class has managed to screw up using social networking tools by diving into the shallow end of the pool head first .
Paleolithic Congressman -- and would - be Michigan Governor -- Pete Hoekstra mistakenly betrayed sensitive , even top secret , information because he just could n't wait to tweet to his office , forgetting that even an al Qaeda operative in a bunker can subscribe to his Twitter account .
He soon figured out to stop that kind of stuff and just use his Twitter account to display his rather dense , sick sense of humor Even funnier than Hoekstra 's run ins with Twitter , was how the hapless Jeff Frederick , then the Virginia Republican Party chairman ( since dumped ) , gave away GOP strategy for how to change the partisan balance in the state Senate , allowing the Democrats to counter their efforts and win the day .
Yesterday 's CQPolitics ran a feature on how both political parties are mining Facebook pages for opposition research .
Ironically , they start with the story of how Establishment hack Gil Cedillo tried smearing Emanuel Pleitez in the recent special election to replace Hilda Solis in Congress .
Cedillo's ugly tactic -- claiming Pleitez , an admirable , albeit studious , policy wonk , was secretly all about women , " hard liquor , " dancing on tables and partying all night -- backfired so badly that it was probably the decisive factor in throwing the race to Judy Chu ( in a Hispanic - majority district ) .
One of my neighbors is the daughter of the New York State former chair of the Republican Party , Sandy Treadwell .
His daughter drives a Democratic car ( a hybrid ) with a Treadwell bumper sticker on one side and an Elect Barack Obama sticker on the other side .
Her dad was running for Congress against Kirtsen Gillibrand and lost , after spending over $ 5 million out of his own purse .
The daughter never put a picture of her car on the Net but ... well , it 's a small world and somehow a picture was circulated .
Rudy Giuliani's daughter , on the other hand , just up and joined the popular Obama For President Facebook Page .
Yesterday thefeatured the story of a civil servant who lost his job because his tweets showed him to be lazy and bigoted .
He was fired .
Personally , I love tracking GOP extremists on Twitter .
One irresistible target is Marco Rubio , the far right candidate for the U.S. Senate seat in Florida , a man of great self - righteousness and verve but with abysmally limited intelligence .
For one thing , Rubio does n't know how to keep his mouth shut and , paying homage to his pals at the NRA the other day , he twittered away about how much better off Iranian protesters would be if that country had a strong Second Amendment , apparently unable to grasp the idea of guns being met by tanks .
Unfortunately , although his e-mails are available for anyone who cares to read them , South Carolina Republican nutcase and typically Republican adultering hypocrite , Mark Sanford , was n't tweeting his affair with his Argentine mistress .
Worse yet , he is n't tweeting the elaborate defense that has seeped out from his inner circle -- stuff like comparing his adultery to that of King David -- the one from the Bible !
He is , however , on another powerful social networking site : YouTube .
Get a load of this : Could this actually work -- comparing himself to a Biblical Jewish king ?
Even in South Carolina ?
One especially virulent right - wing propagandist frets that " a sex scandal a week from the Republicans will guarantee us government health care by the fall ...
And once government health care 's in place the game 's over : Socialized medicine redefines the relationship between the citizen and the state in all the wrong ways , and , if you cross that bridge , it 's all but impossible to go back .
So , if ever there were a season for GOP philanderers not to unpeel their bananas , this summer is it .
" Republicans not unpeeling their bananas -- all the way ' til fall ?
Not likely .
Marco -- suave god of sex and tango ; no more self - righteous , Bible - thumping prig ?
I bet he 's still as viciously , hysterically opposed to same sex relationships as he was before he decided to jettison his own traditional marriage .
Maureen Dowd points out that the Republican Party will never revive itself until its sanctimonious pantheon -- Sanford , Gingrich , Limbaugh , Palin , Ensign , Vitter and hypocrites yet to be exposed -- stop being two - faced .
And that 's the pathology captured in Frank Rich 's far more substantive column about gay Americans , 40 Years Later , Still Second - Class Americans .
Second - class Americans because the Mark Sanfords found a way to make that status work for themselves career wise and second - class Americans because gays have n't mustered the strength or the strategy to make politicians like Barack Obama take their plight seriously enough to spend the political capital necessary to change it .
Labels : Facebook , Mark Sanford , Pete Hoekstra , Rubio , twitter
Web Hosting
HIOX India offers reliable and quality windows hosting and linux website hosting at affordable prices .
Select and buy web hosting packages instantly as per your needs .
HIOX India 's cheap website hosting is reliable and faster .
Get windows , linux , shared JSP , dedicated JVM , reseller website hosting at low cost .
Our hosting packages comes with backup manager , control panel , hosting space and DDos Protection .
Linux Hosting cPanel
CloudLinux
Softaculous Apps Installer
Maintain Weekly Backup
Backup Manager Starts From Rs. 125.00 / month Windows Hosting Plesk Control Panel
Windows Server
Install Third Party Apps
Maintain Weekly Backup
Backup Manager Starts From Rs. 125.00 / month SSD Hosting SSD Disks
Faster Website Loading Speed
cPanel
CloudLinux
Backup Manager Starts From Rs. 187.50 / month
We provide cheap website hosting solution for personal and small business websites .
Choose the type of package as per your need and save your money with HIOX India 's fastest hosting services .
Chapter 16 : The Church of Jesus Christ in Former Times
A Danville man is facing civil and criminal charges in federal court for allegedly defrauding 500 investors of $ 80 million in a Ponzi scheme and using the money to pay the mortgage on his multimillion - dollar home , authorities said Tuesday .
Peter C. Son , 37 , along with Jin K. Chung , 46 , of Los Altos , bilked Korean American victims by promising them extraordinarily high annual returns - up to 36 percent - from foreign currency trading , according to a suit filed Tuesday by the Securities and Exchange Commission in U.S. District Court in San Francisco .
Son also is facing separate criminal charges for the alleged scheme , but details of the investigation by the FBI remained under seal Tuesday .
Son appeared Monday in U.S. District Court in Oakland .
He is being held without bail at a downtown Oakland jail .
Son 's attorney , John Feiner , was not available for comment Tuesday .
Instead of trading investors ' money , the two men used the funds to pay cash " returns " to certain investors in a " Ponzi - like fashion " from 2003 to 2008 , the SEC said .
Son also misappropriated money for his personal use , including paying the mortgage on his $ 2.6 million home in Blackhawk and paying for his homeowner 's association dues and country - club dues , the suit said .
The alleged victims are from California , four other states , South Korea and Taiwan , the SEC said .
Marc Fagel , director of the SEC's San Francisco regional office , said the men actively sought the people they ultimately victimized .
" They placed ads in Korean - language newspapers and used sales agents to target Korean Americans in typical affinity fraud fashion as they preyed on the trust within close - knit communities , " Fagel said .
The SEC said Son and Chung operated their scheme through SNC Asset Management Inc. of Pleasanton and SNC Investments Inc. of New York .
Son and Chung promised investors annual returns of as much as 36 percent from foreign currency trading and dummied up monthly account statements " purporting to show substantial trading returns , " the SEC 's suit said .
The two told investors that SNC Asset Management had generated 50 percent profits from such trading each year since 2003 , authorities said .
In October , the men ceased the companies ' operations without warning investors , the SEC said .
Chung drained the companies ' bank accounts , transferring investor funds to accounts they controlled overseas , the suit said .
In a separate action , the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has also filed civil fraud charges against Son , Chung and the companies .
Ꮞ Ꮙ Ꮿ Was Here By Eric A. Powell
The Cherokee known as Sequoyah .
( Courtesy Fred Coy National Portrait Gallery )
In 1819 , Cherokee silversmith George Gist — better known as Sequoyah — completed work on the Cherokee syllabary , a written script in which each character represents a syllable .
By 1825 , most Cherokee had adopted the system and Sequoyah ( Ꮞ Ꮙ Ꮿ in Cherokee* ) was hailed as a folk hero for inventing the first Native American system of writing in North America .
Now University of Cincinnati archaeologist Kenneth Tankersley has discovered that Cherokee characters engraved alongside petroglyphs in a southeastern Kentucky cave are the earliest known examples of Sequoyah 's syllabary , dating back to 1818 , or perhaps even earlier .
Tankersley , a member of the Cherokee Nation and Piqua Shawnee tribes , found the characters in a cave sacred to Native Americans as the burial place of Red Bird , a prominent Cherokee chief who was tomahawked to death in 1796 by two white men in a fur trading dispute .
Red Bird was known to have created some of the petroglyphs in the cave , which include abstract ancient symbols as well as glyphs representing bears , bats , deer , and birds .
Sequoyah had relatives who lived near the cave and he taught the syllabary to Cherokee boys studying at a local school called the Choctaw Academy .
" It 's likely that Sequoyah would have visited the cave at some point to pay respects to Red Bird , " says Tankersley .
" We also know that he visited caves for inspiration while he was working on his syllabary , and that he incorporated rock - art motifs into the system . "
The earliest writing in the system developed by the Cherokee known as Sequoyah has been found in a Kentucky cave .
( Smithsonian Institution , Washington D.C. / Art Resource )
Tankersley has identified 15 characters in the cave — Ꮢ , Ꮕ , Ꮇ , Ꮧ , Ꮐ , Ꮰ , Ꮋ , Ꮴ , Ꭵ , Ꮊ , Ꮶ , Ꮍ , Ꮗ , Ꮀ , Ꮻ — accompanied by a date carved in the same hand that could be 1818 or 1808 .
" The characters do n't spell any words — they read almost like ABCs , " says Tankersley , who is also intrigued by the ambiguous date .
Accounts of Sequoyah 's life agree that he started working on the syllabary sometime around 1809 .
If the characters in Red Bird 's cave date to 1808 , there is only one person who could have created them .
" My gut tells me Sequoyah left these characters in the cave , " says Tankersley .
" But without a time machine , that 's archaeofantasy .
If it was n't him , then it was someone Sequoyah taught at the Choctaw Academy , and who was practicing drawing them out just as we would practice our ABCs .
Regardless , the person is leaving these characters alongside traditional symbols in a sacred place .
For the Cherokee , this syllabary was sacred too . "
Tankersley points out that it's not surprising to find examples of Sequoyah 's syllabary alongside petroglyphs .
" In 1818 Cherokee were adopting the trappings of European life , living in three - story buildings , tending orchards , and eating off of china , but they were still visiting sacred places like Red Bird 's cave and practicing their way of life , " he says .
" It 's important to remember that Native American history and archaeology do n't disappear after Europeans arrive . "
Eric A. Powell is deputy editor at ARCHAEOLOGY .
* If you do not see the Cherokee characters , they are shown below :
Sequoyah
15 characters
Our story
Unsurpassed Jewelry - Brand , precious gemstone jewelry at JewelryNest , Made exclusively in the USA , Where Beauty and Affordability Meet , Manufacturer Direct , Plus Free Shipping .
Our story begins over 30 years ago -- emigrating from Israel , we started out as a small jewelry manufacturing company and storefront on 47th street in the heart of the bustling New York City diamond district , and a decade later , the launching of JewelryNest , our online jewelry store .
Our idea … if we coupled the same high - quality merchandise and unsurpassed customer service at our online store , that we had provided for decades at our storefront , we would be able to reach and provide an even larger customer base with our extraordinary high - quality and best affordable fine jewelry brand .
And so , JewelryNest has now been providing customers with high - end fashion jewelry for over 20 years on our easy to navigate , customer - friendly website .
And just as we provided quality merchandise along with a deep sense of caring for every customer , that ’s what we continue to do at JewelryNest .
Whether you ’re looking to purchase an engagement ring , wedding band , precious gemstone necklace , precious gemstone earrings , Judaica , children 's jewelry , or named brand watch Jewelry Nest sales associates / concierge will guide you every step of the way , assuring your utmost satisfaction and confidence in your purchase .
The user may also press buttons to communicate other information , such as his / her location , and / or request the 911 operator to contact a friend and / or family member .
The user may also select settings for each individual emergency number .
For example , the user may disable the ability to disconnect a 911 call while activating a disconnect confirmation in other emergency calls .
Engineers from Apple have applied for a patent on an " emergency " mode for cell phones that would squeeze every last drop of energy out of the batteries .
The phone would recognize emergency calls when the user dialed an emergency number , such as 911 in the United States .
But a number also could be stored as an " emergency number " on the phone ( a spouse , child , parent , for example ) or the user could manually put the phone in emergency mode .
The process would do a variety of things .
First off , it would disable " non-essential hardware components " and applications on the phone , reduce power to the screen ( i.e. , it would get darker ) and potentially reduce the phone 's processor speed .
It also would make it harder to disconnect the call and enable " emergency phrase buttons " on the phone .
GPS might not be considered non-essential , however , as it could help emergency workers find the caller - quite useful in case the caller , say , breaks his leg hiking in a remote area .
Here 's the really cool thing :
If it 's an emergency and you can't speak , you can press a button and a pre-determined " emergency phrase " is spoken for you .
For someone who 's asthmatic and suffering an attack , the emergency phrase could provide that information to a 911 operator , for example .
The caller could pre-record a message or use a pre-selected default message - and also inform the operator that he can't speak .
One pre-recorded phrase could even suggest specific treatment .
But wait , there 's more :
And these are n't just about making emergency calls .
The patent indicates in several spots that the phones could be configured to preserve maximum power in case of receiving an emergency call , which likely will give parents a reason to heave a sigh of relief and rush out to buy an iPhone .
Just remember , it 's a patent application , and no phones have this yet .
The application also indicates there would be a way to prevent an emergency call from being disconnected without confirmation from the caller .
Even if the caller hit disconnect , he might have to type in a code or otherwise indicate that he meant to hang up .
The disconnection method could be customized , making it as difficult or as simple as the user preferred , even making it depend on what kind of emergency call : Again , this is all theory at the moment , but the end result could be more lives saved .
Not too shabby .
The head of Pakistan 's Taliban , Baitullah Mehsud , left a funeral procession before it was hit by a suspected US missile strike that killed 80 people mourning an earlier barrage , intelligence officials said yesterday .
They claimed that several senior Taliban militants were killed in the attack launched from a drone aircraft .
Mehsud , who is accused of plotting suicide bombings and the assassination this week of his chief Taliban rival , is the target of a looming offensive by Pakistan 's military in the South Waziristan tribal area bordering Afghanistan .
Suspected missile strikes killed several people at a purported Taliban training centre on Tuesday .
The second barrage rained down on a funeral procession for some of those killed in the first attack .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Two intelligence officials said that although Mehsud had visited the village where the funeral took place , he left before the drone - fired missiles killed 80 people and wounded dozens more .
Qari Hussain , a close associate of Mehsud , denied media reports that the Taliban leader had narrowly escaped with his life .
" Baitullah Mehsud was at a secret place at the time of the American missile attack , and the attack killed only five of our colleagues , and the remaining 45 slain men were villagers , " he said .
Dozens of air - strikes have been carried out in the tribal regions over the last year , drawing criticism from Pakistan 's leaders that they fire up raging anti-Americanism and jeopardise military operations .
An impending offensive will focus on Mehsud , who reportedly has up to 12,000 men under his control .
We 've heard of productive work spaces , but this thing has feng shui written all over it .
The geeks and gurus over at Popular Mechanics were able to mix their construction and PC building skills in order to create the rather astounding desk that you see above .
Aside from serving a purpose as a desk , looking fantastic and being next to impossible to keep clean , it 's also a full - fledged computer .
Packed within is a half - gallon of glycol , twin 300GB VelociRaptor hard drives , a GeForce GTX 280 GPU , seven fans , a Sony Blu-ray drive , 4GB of DDR3 RAM , a 3GHz Core 2 Quad processor and copious amounts of " win . "
Check the read link for a how - to guide ... if you dare .
[ Thanks , Jay ]
Neutrinos left over from the big bang may stretch billions of light years across the universe ( Image : Henry / Flickr )
TALK about misnomers .
It seems the particles that Enrico Fermi dubbed neutrinos , meaning “ little neutral ones ” , might stretch across billions of light years .
The big bang produced huge numbers of “ relic ” neutrinos , which are quantum - mechanical superpositions of three different mass - energy states .
In the early universe , all of these states would have moved at close to the speed of light .
But according to calculations by George Fuller and Chad Kishimoto of the University of California , San Diego , as the universe expanded , the most massive of these states slowed down in the relic neutrinos , …
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Georgia ’s defense minister said on Tuesday a coup plot had been uncovered within the military and a rebellion was under way at the Mukhrovani military base , 19 km ( 12 miles ) from the capital .
The following is a snap analysis of the issues involved :
* Georgian Defense Minister David Sikharulidze said the coup plot was aimed at disrupting month - long NATO military exercises that begin in Georgia tomorrow .
The Defense ministry spokesman said plotters were receiving money from Russia .
It was unclear what exactly those who are rebelling want .
Police kept reporters several kilometers away so it was impossible for Reuters reporters to verify exactly what was going on at the base .
* There has been no immediate official reaction from Russia to the Georgian accusations , but Moscow is sure to reject them .
Moscow has repeatedly said Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili might try to find ways to distract attention from opposition protests calling for his resignation and the coup plot comes at a very difficult time for Saakashvili .
Georgia ’s opposition said Monday it was preparing to block main roads leading to the capital Tbilisi , escalating a month - long campaign of street protests to oust Saakashvili .
Russia ’s Interfax news agency quoted the commander of the rebellious Mukhrovani tank battalion as saying that his soldiers would not intervene in politics and backed political dialogue between the authorities and opposition .
The opposition said three main highways would be blocked on Tuesday from 4 - 5 p.m. ( 1200 - 1300 GMT ) as a warning to the president .
They said they would block them indefinitely if Saakashvili did not resign by May 11 .
* Several former allies have turned against Saakashvili since his disastrous attempt last year to retake the Moscow - backed region of South Ossetia .
Former U.N. ambassador Irakly Alasania has accused him of intolerance and authoritarianism .
Alasania has been tipped by Georgian businessmen and former officials as a possible future Georgian leader .
Opposition leaders say Saakashvili has trampled on democratic freedoms and betrayed the principles of the 2003 “ Rose Revolution ” protests which brought him to power .
Saakashvili has refused to resign and the authorities , wary of repeating a controversial 2007 police crackdown against mass rallies , have promised to be patient over the street protests .
* The NATO exercises due to start Wednesday have been a target of strong criticism from Russia .
President Dmitry Medvedev said Friday they could destabilize the situation in Georgia and lead to unspecified negative consequences .
* Investors are closely watching tensions in Georgia , which hosts a key pipeline delivering oil from the Caspian Sea to the Black Sea .
Russian stocks tumbled on last year ’s war and the cost of insuring Russian debt soared .
Russian stocks rose Tuesday , the cost of insuring Russian debt declined and the Russian rouble was little changed .
* Disagreements over Georgia are likely to become a sticking point in efforts by Russian President Dmitry Medvedev and U.S. President Barack Obama to improve ties .
Obama said after his first meeting with Medvedev on April 1 that Washington ’s critical attitude to the August war and its consequences remained unchanged .
KEY STORIES > INVESTOR RADAR -Russia - Georgia relations [ ID:nL1160099 ] > NATO games draw fire from Russia [ ID : nL3220035 ] > NATO raps Russia over Georgian rebel regions [ ID : nLU617899 ] >
Russia takes control of rebel borders [ ID : nLU944695 ] >
Georgia opposition tries to revive campaign [ ID : nANT258393 ]
The Ferrari F430 is going to make its way quite soon with the replacement of the vehicle at Frankfurt show ; two German firms have joined hands to give F430 a real unique style of branding with their efforts , these firms are Novitec Rosso and Unique Sportscars .
The new tattoo - style painting , which is a masterpiece of well - known airbrush artist Knud Tiroch , is going to answer many questions that are not asked usually including how it looks like if spent too much time with it on beach at Venice .
The full work over to this vehicle has been given by Novitec with its double superchargers that will offer it 707hp that is a lot more than F430 Evoluzione and that seems quite exceptional with TuNero version and with its adjustable suspension and requisite 20 ” wheels .
Some nice changes have also been introduced in the interior that adds daytime strip lights aside from front splitter , Novitec body kit and lots of other modifications .
With all these mods , the custom will be able to hit 60 in 3.5 seconds and it will be at 216 mph at its top speed .
According to Unique Sports Car , only 11 models of it to be introduced that really seems to make it a great choice for those who know that there is no accounting for taste .
So , we can guess that will be offered only to some selected ones .
Source : AutoBlog
Monday night , the Republican party held its first major fundraiser since Obama took office .
Before the fundraiser , most of the media was concentrating on the back - and - forth of whether Newt Gingrich or Sarah Palin were going to give the keynote speech ( Palin first cancelled , then tried to reassert her speaking privileges , only to be denied ) .
Even the initial post - fundraiser reports just focused on the Gingrich - Palin aspect of the night , and what exactly did the $ 14.5 million raised mean for the party .
After that media cycle died out , people started focusing one of the men who hosted the fundraiser – none other than Jon Voight .
Voight got a certain degree of added fame during last year ’s primary and general election .
First , he whole - heartedly supported Rudy Giuliani .
When Giuliani crashed and burned , Voight quickly came out for John McCain ( “ an amazing guy ” ) and later , Sarah Palin ( “ a beautiful choice ” ) .
He also wrote a particularly … interesting Washington Times editorial last summer called “ My Concerns for America ” in which he basically claimed that Obama was winning because he was brainwashing all of the young people .
So , skip ahead a few months into the Obama presidency , and what have we got ?
Jon Voight , hosting one of the most important Republican events of the year .
His speech was a doozy too !
He managed to hit all of the hot button issues – Marxism , Israel , and ‘ the false prophet ’ Barack Obama :
… Democrats fulfilled their mission to paint President Bush as a warmonger and once they were able to reach all the youth , in the colleges and on the internet , with this lie , painting him as the evil one , never giving him credit for keeping our country safe .
Once they established that , it would be easy to bring in The One , as Oprah Winfrey crowned him .
… It ’s no wonder that the Russian newspaper Pravda , the former house organ for the former Soviet Communist regime , has said the American descent into Marxism is happening with breath - taking speed .
… I think Obama has no idea that Israel was built on the blood and sweat of the Jewish people …
He could not possibly understand this or he would know that the Jewish people are tried time and time again to give the Palestinians land and bring a peaceful solution .
But every attempt , every attempt , was returned with violence .
As far as I ’m concerned , their only agenda is to wipe Israel off the Earth .
And he reprimands the Israeli people , Obama .
Like he ’s a professor and they ’re the school children … .( Snip ) .. So how worried [ about Iran ] are we supposed to be now ?
Was I hearing things when he said that Iran might have the right to nuclear power ?
Are we supposed to be sitting and waiting , watching for the possibility of a new Holocaust ?
Who ’s going to take the responsibility to keep Ameri — Israel safe ?
… We and we alone are the right frame of mind to free this nation from this Obama oppression , ” said Voight .
“ And let ’s give thanks to all the great people like Sean Hannity , Rush Limbaugh , Bill O’Reilly , Laura Ingraham , Mark Levin , William Bennett , Glenn Beck , Hugh Hewitt , Dennis Prager , Michael Medved , Dennis Miller , Dick Morris , Ann … Coulter , John Kasich , Michael Steele , Karl Rove , Newt Gingrich , Thomas Sowell , Victor Davis Hanson , Shelby Steele , Charles Krauthammer , Michelle Malkin , Fred Barnes and so many others . ”
… Let ’s give thanks to them for not giving up and staying the course , to bring an end to this false prophet Obama . ”
[ From Jon Voight ’s Republican fundraiser speech ]
As you can imagine , people on both sides of the aisle sat up and took notice .
Conservative blogger Andrew Breitbart fell all over himself praising Voight as “ a great patriot and wonderful friend . ”
Meanwhile , a blogger on DailyKos is claiming that Voight ’s words of “ bring an end to this false prophet ” equal a call for assassination .
Meh – I do n’t really think either is true , but there you go .
What I find interesting about Voight ’s politics today is that he really adheres to this image I have of the aging , ex-hippie boomer who now subscribes to a terrifying , apocalyptic vision of the world .
It makes me wonder if this is all really about politics , or if it ’s all one bad flashback .
BEIJING , April 14 ( Xinhua ) -- China said Tuesday its free trade agreement ( FTA ) with Peru would be signed and implemented soon after their FTA talks concluded last November .
" Both sides are going through some legal processes in a bid to sign and carry out the FTA at an early date , " Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang
Yu told a regular news conference .
Chinese President Hu Jintao and his Peruvian counterpart Alan Garcia announced the conclusion of bilateral FTA talks last November when Hu paid a visit to the Latin American country .
Jiang said the China - Peru agreement was the first FTA package China signed with a Latin American country .
" It covers a wide range of fields and features high - degree openness .
" The signing of the China - Peru FTA will play a positive role in helping both countries respond to the international financial crisis and promote the steady growth of their economy , " she said .
Ricardo Martinelli defeated the ruling party candidate A conservative supermarket tycoon has won Panama 's presidential election , reversing a recent trend of left - wing victories in Latin America .
Ricardo Martinelli had 61 % , while the ruling party 's Balbina Herrera was on 37 % , with most of the votes counted .
Correspondents say voters seemed to warm to Mr Martinelli 's message that he was the right man to steer Panama through the global economic crisis .
He will also oversee a $ 5 bn ( £ 3.3 bn ) expansion of the Panama Canal .
" The tribunal considers you the undisputed winner of this presidential contest , " the head of the electoral tribunal told Mr Martinelli in a telephone call broadcast live on television and radio .
Mr Martinelli , the candidate of a right - wing alliance led by his Democratic Change ( CD ) party , said he would work for a national unity government because that was what the country was calling for .
RICARDO MARTINELLI
Born 11 March 1952 Business degree from University of Arkansas Owns Super 99 - Panama 's biggest supermarket chain
Other businesses include : banking , agricultural , media 1994 - 1996 : Head of Social Security 1999 - 2003 : Chairman of Panama Canal Authority board , Minister for Canal Affairs " Tomorrow we will all be Panamanians and we will change this country so that it has a good health system , good education , good transportation and good security , " he said in his victory speech .
" We can't continue to have a country where 40 % of Panamanians are poor . "
Panama has enjoyed buoyant economic growth in recent years , averaging some 8.5 % , but this is forecast to slow considerably this year as the global downturn affects the crucial trade link of the Panama Canal .
Panama receives a little under one - third of its tax revenues from the canal , but through traffic has been declining significantly .
Mr Martinelli , who is set to take office on 1 July , will also oversee the expansion of the canal approved and set in motion by the current President Martin Torrijos .
The expansion programme , scheduled to be competed in 2014 , aims to increase the canal 's capacity , making it big enough for supertankers and the largest container ships .
Honeymoon
Five years ago when Mr Martinelli stood for president he only gained around 5 % of the vote .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
But the BBC's Will Grant , reporting from the region , says this time around he appeared more in touch with the concerns of poor Panamanians by promising to clamp down on political corruption and get tough on violent crime .
Voters were clearly impressed by the conservative candidate 's business acumen and his bitter criticism of the current government , our correspondent adds , but amid the difficult economic situation , Mr Martinelli may be granted a very short honeymoon period in office .
Presidents in Panama are elected for a single , five - year term .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The boycott - sparked by Kenya 's political deadlock - ended this week
A Kenyan man has sued activists who urged women to deny their partners sex for a week as a protest against the country 's political impasse .
James Kimondo told reporters outside the Nairobi High Court his wife had observed the boycott and caused him " anxiety and sleepless nights " .
" I have been suffering mental anguish , stress , backaches , lack of concentration , " he said .
It is unclear how many women joined the strike , which ended on Wednesday .
A group called the Women 's Development Organisation called for the boycott as a means of forcing political leaders to put their rivalry aside to work for the common good .
The wife of Kenyan Prime Minister Raila Odinga endorsed the move , telling the BBC that political leaders were neglecting the needs of " the common person " .
In court on Friday , Mr Kimondo said through his lawyer that his wife , Teresia Wanjiku , had denied him his conjugal rights .
He is seeking undisclosed " general damages " from the organisers of the boycott , on the grounds that it " interfered with his happy marriage " , the Kenyan broadcaster KBC reports .
The Uniform Project was born in May 2009 , when Sheena Matheiken pledged to wear ( and reinvent ) the same dress for a whole year .
Exploring sustainability ( versus disposability ) through the versatility of a fashion staple — the little black dress — the project was also designed as a fundraiser for providing uniforms and meeting the educational expenses of underprivileged children in India .
The project went viral , acquired supporters worldwide , and raised over $ 100 k for the cause .
Get the full story >
BRENTWOOD — A 17 - year - old girl had to be airlifted to a local hospital Tuesday evening after she was run over by her own car while trying to “ ghost ride , ” a car stunt popularized in the East Bay , police said .
“ Ghost riding ” typically entails a car owner walking or dancing alongside or on top of a vehicle that is idling forward without a driver .
The stunt has local origins , particularly in the Bay Area rap scene radiating from Oakland and Vallejo .
The injured girl was “ performing a horseplay maneuver ” as her 1980s - model Chevrolet Blazer idled along about 6 p.m. near San Jose Avenue and Stonewood Drive , said Brentwood police Sgt. Mark Misquez .
With music blaring from the vehicle , the girl apparently was standing on a footstep on the driver ’s side while the SUV crept forward , Misquez said .
At some point she slipped , lost her grip and fell to the ground , and shortly after the vehicle ran over her upper legs , he said .
The girl was taken by helicopter to a local trauma center and while her injuries are serious , they do not appear to be life - threatening , Misquez said .
He added that the girl appeared to be performing the stunt alone and was not as a part of an impromptu sideshow , a sort of street corner exhibition where the ghost riding the maneuver is done along with other car stunts such as “ doughnuts ” — quickly driving in a circle .
A smattering of ghost - riding - related injuries have been reported throughout the country over the past few years after the stunt was given national exposure through the rap hit “ Tell Me When to Go , ” a 2006 song performed by Vallejo - based rapper E - 40 .
“ We would n’t recommend folks doing this type of thing , ” Misquez said .
“ This is what can happen . ”
Misquez said while Brentwood police have responded to car stunts , he could n’t recall being specifically called out to a ghost ride .
Robert Salonga covers public safety .
Reach him at 925-943-8013 or rsalonga@bayareanewsgroup.com .
In Colorado , you are allowed to enroll your children in school without them having had all their supposedly required vaccines .
Instead , Colorado parents are allowed to sign a waiver and then enroll their children .
According to a KCFR / Colorado Public Radio interview with a medical researcher working for Kaiser Permanente , this fact partly explains why Colorado has about 800 cases of pertussis ( aka whooping cough ) a year , one of the highest rates in the country .
Kaiser Permanente ( KP ) is a large HMO that maintains its patient records in electronic form , a fact that makes the records very useful for researching disease .
A new study performed by researcher Jason Glanz of KP finds that children who have never received a pertussis vaccine are 23 x more likely to catch the disease than children who have been vaccinated .
Of the approximately 800 cases of pertussis per year , that works out to 767 children who might not have caught pertussis if they ’d been vaccinated , while only 33 children would have caught pertussis even after receiving the vaccine .
The interview suggests that one reason parents might be resistant to vaccinating their children is that all vaccines cary some small risk of severe reactions .
Flu vaccine is produced in eggs , for example , and so a child with an undetected egg allergy could have a serious allergic reaction .
Similarly , while vaccines no longer use mercury - based preservatives , such preservatives have been used in the past and parents understandably might not want to expose their children to mercury .
The problem is that the vaccine risks are almost always lower than the risks of the disease being vaccinated against .
The risk of a severe reaction to pertussis vaccine is approximately 1 in 15,000 .
The Census Bureau estimates that there were 1.21 million children under the age of 17 in the state of Colorado in 2008 .
Those 767 children who were n’t vaccinated and still caught pertussis works out to a rate of unvaccinated pertussis of 1 in 1578 , nearly 10 x the rate of severe reactions .
The rate of vaccinated pertussis is 1 case in 36,667 .
In other words , your children are ten times more likely to get pertussis if they ’re unvaccinated than they are to suffer from a severe vaccine reaction .
Ultimately , though , while the data is unequivical regarding the effectiveness of the pertussis vaccine , sometimes data just does n’t matter .
Sometimes it ’s enough to know that a “ severe ” reaction could be as minor as a high fever or crying for several hours or as severe as convulsions .
The human mind does n’t always pay attention to the data , after all , focusing instead on the worst case .
That approach has proven to be a good survival strategy , even if it ’s misguided in this case .
To parents who refuse to vaccinate their children , I have only one thing to say :
Talk to your pediatrician and follow their advice .
And if your pediatrician has children and vaccinated them , well , that ’s called “ putting your money where your mouth is , ” and it ’s worthy of respect .
Ok , so I have two things .
In case you ’re wondering , I ’ve had my children vaccinated .
A recent Apple job listing that we just discovered reveals that Apple is looking for a low level iPhone programmer with detailed knowledge of the ARM processor including its NEON vector unit .
The successful candidate will have excellent understanding and knowledge of processor architecture , specifically ARM and its vector unit NEON .
Additional Intel SSE or PowerPC AltiVec is also very helpful .
Being able to use processor micro-architecture to write and deliver fast routines is an essential attribute .
NEON is an extended instruction set similar to Intel 's SSE or PowerPC's AltiVec which can accelerate multimedia applications .
What 's interesting is that NEON is the marketing term for the most recent version of these extensions specifically for the ARMv7 Cortex processors .
Apple presently uses the ARMv6 processor in the iPhone and iPod Touch which does not appear to offer NEON .
The obvious reason for Apple to be seeking a programmer with this expertise is that they must be optimizing the iPhone OS for the new Cortex processors .
We 've previously speculated that the Cortex processor would be the most likely candidate to power the next generation iPhone .
The Cortex is also capable of multi-core variants though its not entirely clear how soon these will be commercially available .
Palm 's
Pre is also based on a version of the Cortex processor .
The presence of these sort of extensions could also be leveraged to provide users with faster / better multimedia functions including the rumored video recording , processing and editing capabilities .
In fact , another job listing reveals that Apple is also hiring for someone to deliver " cutting edge embedded video processing " .
They are specifically looking for someone with experience in real - time media and networking applications over Wi-Fi and cellular networks which would suggest an iPhone implementation .
Obviously , all of these listings reflect unfilled jobs but can provide a hint into what Apple is presently working on .
LONDON ( Reuters ) -
An African detainee held at the U.S. prison camp at Guantanamo Bay since he was a teenager has been released without charge after more than seven years in captivity , his lawyers said on Thursday .
A guard tower of Camp Delta is seen at the Guantanamo Bay Naval Station in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba September 4 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Joe Skipper / Files
Mohammed El Gharani , a Chadian citizen , was freed five months after a U.S. federal judge ordered him released having reviewed the evidence against him and ruled that there was nothing to suggest he was ever an “ enemy combatant . ”
Lawyers for Gharani said he was the youngest detainee to be released from Guantanamo , having been seized in 2001 when he was 14 .
But the Pentagon disputes his age , saying they believed he was now 23 , and that there were others held at Guantanamo Bay over the past seven years who had been younger .
“ Our records indicate that he is 23 and that he arrived at Guantanamo when he was 16 , ” said Navy Commander Jeffrey Gordon , a Pentagon spokesman .
He said there was no birth certificate for Gharani but that his age had been established “ by other means . ”
Reprieve , a legal and human rights group that campaigned for Gharani ’s release , said he had already returned to Chad .
“ It is great news that Mohammed has at last been released , but he will never get back the teenage years that were spent in Guantanamo based on shamefully shoddy intelligence , ” said Clive Stafford Smith , Gharani ’s lawyer and the director of Reprieve .
“ The idea that it took seven years and a federal judge to sort this out demonstrates just how failed an experiment Guantanamo Bay is . ”
Gharani was seized in Pakistan in 2001 when a mosque he was attending was raided by Pakistan ’s security forces .
He was ultimately turned over to the U.S. military in Afghanistan and held at a prison at Bagram air force base outside Kabul .
Two months later he was transferred to Guantanamo Bay , where Reprieve said he was subjected to a range of abuses , including being kept tightly shackled to the ground in a hunched position for hours on end and subjected to loud music and strobe lights .
The U.S. government accused Gharani of staying in an al Qaeda - affiliated guest house in Afghanistan , of fighting in the battle of Tora Bora , serving as a courier for senior al Qaeda operatives , and being a member of a London - based al Qaeda cell .
But the government failed to prove any of the allegations in court and U.S. District Judge Richard Leon ruled in January that Gharani should be freed .
Most of the accusations were based on unreliable information given by other detainees at Guantanamo , Leon said .
Gharani ’s release comes six months after U.S. President Barack Obama pledged to shut down Guantanamo within a year , one of the first declarations he made as president .
About 230 detainees remain at the prison , but the United States is struggling to find places to return them to .
Seventeen Uighurs , who come from China ’s largely Muslim region of Xinjiang in the far west of the country , have been released in the past two days , with some set to go to Bermuda and others to the Micronesian island of Palau .
Green jobs growth outpaced other - colored job classifications by nearly 250 percent over the last decade , growing 9.1 percent between 1998 and 2007 , versus 3.7 percent for the overall job market .
There are now 770,000 green jobs spread out among 68,200 businesses , according to the new report from the Pew Charitable Trusts .
While that 's a tiny slice of the overall American jobs pie , it is already approaching the same scale as the traditional energy sector — coal mining , utilities , big oil — which employs 1.27 million people .
As a job creator , it stacks up even better against biotechnology , which ( despite a longer history and greater investment ) employs only 200,000 people .
The report differs from government projections or most industry association estimates in that it counts individual jobs , not entire industries .
In other words , only the electricians who actually install solar panels were counted as green electricians .
" Although our numbers are conservative , our report provides the most precise depiction to date of the clean energy economy in the United States , " the Pew researchers wrote .
Green jobs are a major part President Obama 's plan for economic recovery and energy transformation .
Manufacturing jobs have declined a few percent a year over the last decade , and in the bullet - point language of Whitehouse.gov , his administration wants to " Drive the development of new , green jobs that pay well and cannot be outsourced . "
The report shows that environmentally friendly jobs already exist , but most of the " green " jobs are n't in clean energy at all .
A full 65 percent of the jobs fell into the " conservation and pollution mitigation " category , which includes recycling .
That leaves a lot of room for growth in clean energy , even if some jobs are lost in traditional energy companies .
Right now , there 's a small base .
There were only 89,000 " clean energy " jobs in 2007 .
Current research indicates that for renewable energy sources to really make an impact on greenhouse gas emissions and fossil fuel dependence , we 're going to need a lot of manpower .
University of California Berkeley researchers found the renewable energy industry was more labor intensive than traditional fossil - fuel businesses ( pdf ) .
" Across a broad range of scenarios , the renewable energy sector generates more jobs than the fossil fuel - based energy sector per unit of energy delivered ( i.e. , per average megawatt ) , " wrote a team from the Goldman School of Public Policy .
To deliver megawatts and jobs , the Pew researchers recommended a " comprehensive , economy - wide energy plan " and implicitly endorsed the President 's stated desire to sign a climate and energy bill like the Waxman - Markey bill wending its way through Congress .
" President Obama has expressed his support for a federal market - based system that would substantially reduce greenhouse gas emissions , and national standards that would help America draw more of its energy supply from clean , renewable sources and achieve greater energy efficiency , " the Pew report concluded .
" Those federal and state policies , together with continued private - sector support , will position the United States as a leader in the global clean energy economy . "
See Also :
Image : A man who loves his job at the Oregon DOT .
flickr / OregonDOT
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and book site for The History of Our Future ; Wired Science on Facebook .
Barcelona 's fans are heading down the Ramblas again , gathering round the Canaletas fountain and packing the city 's famous tree - lined avenue .
This is getting silly now .
May has seemed like an almost continuous party , momentarily cleared in the morning for traders to set up stalls selling flowers , tarantulas and budgies in cages , only to be cranked up again as darkness falls .
Tonight was the fifth time they have been there , letting off fireworks , dancing , drinking and singing , in the past month alone .
They were there on 2 May to celebrate their team hammering Real Madrid 6 - 2 at the Santiago Bernabéu ; they were there four nights later when Andrés Iniesta scored a late equaliser against Chelsea to send them to the Champions League final ; and , with their team 3 - 1 up , some of them were even prematurely there four days after that to celebrate a league title that was denied by Joseba Llorente 's 90th minute equaliser for Villarreal .
That was but a temporary blip – they were there three days after that to celebrate winning the Copa del Rey against Athletic Bilbao and they were there again three days after that when Madrid 's defeat at Villarreal mathematically crowned them champions .
This though was the biggest victory of all and will be the biggest party too .
Not just because it is their greatest achievement – Barcelona have won 24 cups and 18 leagues before , yet only three European Cups – but because of everything it represents .
This is a celebration not just of the European Cup but an extraordinary season , a historic one .
Victory in Rome made it so .
It was already special , Barcelona won the league in stunning style , their Bernabéu victory was the biggest in their history and with a week left , they have already scored 104 goals .
( If they do n't break Madrid 's record of 107 this weekend , it 's because they were too good to break it : playing reserve teams , they 've lost their last two scoring just once ) .
Yet something was missing .
Tonight , it was delivered .
A European Cup .
Victory against the holders , English holders .
The side that Pep Guardiola declared the world 's best reduced to chasing after the ball in vain .
In the build - up to the final Guardiola was asked if , in a roundabout sort of way , it did n't matter if Barcelona lost .
" Of course it matters , " he replied .
" We have to think it 's absolutely fundamental to win .
It 's Manchester United , the best team in the world .
If you go there thinking , ' It 's no big deal ' , then there 's a 100 % chance of losing .
Yes , we 've had a great season but we want to show the world how we 've been playing . "
Tonight showed that this Barcelona genuinely is a phenomenal side , maybe the best they 've ever had .
All season two words have been inescapable : " Dream " and " Team " .
A legend as a player , Johann Cruyff 's return as coach changed the club when he led the Dream Team to four successive leagues between 1991 and 1994 and their first ever European Cup with an unshakeable commitment to a technical approach .
Every team since has been measured against that team - a mythical image of perfection – and every team since has failed to live up to it .
Until now .
Barcelona suffered their worst ever start to a season but by clinching the European Cup in his first year – Cruyff took four – Guardiola has given Barcelona their best ever end .
This is their first treble , the first won by a Spanish club .
Only four clubs in Europe have matched that feat : Celtic , Ajax , PSV , and of course United .
Nor is it just about substance , it is about style too .
Barcelona have done it playing wonderful football , inspired by Cruyff , faithful to his legacy .
Virtually all season , this side has been heralded as the new Dream Team .
Josep Lluís Núñez , the president during that era , declared Guardiola 's side better than Cruyff's .
And all season long it has appeared premature , maybe even faintly ludicrous .
Right now , as the Ramblas hosts yet another party , it is justified .
The Department of Defense has identified 4,267 American service members who have died since the start of the Iraq war and 670 who have died as part of the Afghan war and related operations .
It confirmed the deaths of the following Americans this week :
Iraq :
MONCADA , Raul , 29 , Sgt. , Army ; Madera , Calif. ; 10th Mountain Division ( Light Infantry ) .
Afghanistan :
AGUILA , Francisco X. , 35 , Cpl. , Army ; Bayamón , P.R. ; 18th Airborne Corps .
Some machines are so evil that they will kill other machines just to cause you pain .
And yes , I probably find this hilarious because that bloody gate is not destroying my car .
[ Hiroiro via DRB ]
Advertisement
Video capture Video capture Return
Liked
:
Did n't like
:
least
Update :
The restNone of these cameras can do true double - duty work as a camcorder , but the Samsung SL820 comes awfully close .
It offers 720 p video and is one of only two cameras here that allow optical zooming while video is recording ( the Panasonic DMC - TS1 is the other ) -- even if it does unfortunately mute the audio while doing so to drown out the noise of the motor .
But , at all other times it captures ( relatively ) great sound to match the video .
And of course we can't talk video without highlighting the FC100 , with its bevy of high - speed video modes that are plenty fun to experiment with .
Unfortunately , once you 're done experimenting you 'll realize that the resolution and quality is too low to be of much use , as you can see in the compilation video above , with the skinny 1000 fps segments getting stretched such that their subjects are barely recognizable .
At high - speeds it is a fun toy , but not the high - quality , high - speed shooter we were hoping for .
At a rather more normal 30 fps , however , the 720 p video here is good , but a bit murkier than the Samsung , and the lack of zooming while filming is a drag .
So , there you have it : lots and lots of pictures with lots and lots of cameras .
None of the contenders were complete disappointments , but the Kodak M380 impressed the .
It did well in a few situations , but its overall performance was sub-par .
That contrasts with its brother , the Z915 , which took consistently excellent shots , but is just a little too big to be a the sort of camera we'd want to take along everywhere .
If you have unusually large pockets , though , buy with confidence .
For those with small pockets ( and pocketbooks ) who are n't too hung up on image quality the Nikon S220 is a great little camera , while on the most expensive side the TS1 offered generally average picture quality -- impressive considering it 's the only camera here you can not only take to the beach but right down into the water .
The rest were closely matched , but we liked the pictures coming from Samsung 's SL820 most consistently .
This was a surprise , as it's not the marque we'd have guessed would come out on top before we started testing , but it delivered the most consistently crisp , well - focused shots of the group , offers the highest quality video by a long shot ( only Casio's EX - FC100 compares ) , and feels bulletproof in the hand .
Sure , it 's a little on the hefty side , but it 's still comfortably pocket - sized , is quite a looker , and was the one that we found ourselves reaching for when it came time to take a few holiday snaps on our own .
The initial version of this review did n't give proper credit to the Panasonic DMC - TS1 's video capture , which not only also shoots 720 p video , but allows optical zooming while doing so .
Choosing your career path is an intense and daunting time of your life .
However , having a defined direction in your career will help you find the job you are looking for and live a life that you have wished for yourself .
Some self - reflection , planning and asking some tough but necessary questions from yourself during this period can give you guidance on the path you set yourself to .
In return this will direct you towards a fulfilling and fruitful career that will provide for you and family in the future .
Decide on your dream career
Sometimes the best question to ask yourself is what you would like to do if you did not have to work ?
The answer to this question may not be the ideal career path and probably not sustainable , however it may give some insights and an understanding on what direction you can follow for your career path .
For example , if you are someone who loves solving problems and find justice for people then getting in to the field of law and criminal law firms Melbourne may interest you as a potential career choice .
If music is something that you are interested in then consider the field of audio engineering or composing music as you will find the careers you most enjoy easier to pursue .
Assess your skills
If there was any particular subject that you enjoyed very much in school or university then this too may give you direction on launching you to the career of your dreams .
If you studied in the field of business but were interested only in certain sections such as accountancy or law , then being an accountant or litigation lawyers Melbourne will be something that you would enjoy doing .
Understand your strengths and skills .
If you are particularly good in numbers then accountancy will definitely be something you enjoy .
On the other hand , if you have great reasoning and negotiation skills , along with a love for judicial proceedings then the legal world would be the most ideal .
Assess what your hobbies are
Another great way of identifying your future career path is to turn your hobbies in to a possible choice of career .
Most often , hobbies correspond to problems and needs of the real world .
If this is something that you think might fit in with your career then , it is something you should consider seriously .
Keep in mind to be wary of the risks and the time and effort needed to reach your goals .
You might want to consider working part - time for experience in your field and to get referrals .
YouTube launches Reporters ’ Center
Over the weekend , YouTube launched a new section on its website where top journalists and media experts give advice on reporting and news gathering to aspiring citizen reporters .
Dubbed Reporters ’
Center , it offers a selection of instructional videos with some of the industry ’s experts giving seminars on reporting methods , such as how to conduct interviews , how to verify facts and , lessons on journalistic principles .
Bob Woodward of the Washington Post , Katie Couric of CBS News , Scott Simon of NPR and Arianna Huffington of the Huffington Post are among those sharing their expertise through the new section .
An example of the kind of instruction available at the Reporters ’ Center :
What is claimed to be the world 's smallest car , roughly the size of a domestic washing machine , is being unveiled this weekend .
The vehicle - a hybrid of a quad bike and a model of Postman Pat 's van - is half the size of the current holder of the title .
Brennan Nicholls reports .
The annual Hay Festival , held at Hay - on - Wye near the Welsh border , is a very genteel affair , but some of the authors and speakers who entertain the arts and meedja intelligensia and other Guardianistas venture into the realms of politics and society etc .
One such is Sir Richard Dearlove , who gave a talk yesterday Richard Dearlove talks to Philippe Sands
The Master of Pembroke College , who was head of the Secret Intelligence Service ( known as ' C ' ) from 1999 to 2004 discusses the security challenges facing government , the problems of past and contemporary terrorism , and the impact on UK foreign policy and national security of events in Pakistan , Afghanistan , Iran , Palestine and Iraq .
The first mainstream media reports about this talk seemed to concentrate on his comments about the policy of " extraordinary rendition " and torture of terrorism suspects , but he also sems to have expressed concerns about the Surveillance Society being inflicted on us by the current Government .
The London Evening Standard :
Former MI6 chief :
Big brother society is eroding our liberties
" I'm a great believer in proportionality and as a citizen I worry about the loss of my liberties , " Sir Richard said .
" But you know we have constructed a society which has great technical competence - and some of that competence is n't particularly regulated .
" I think the important thing in the UK is that there should be very strict legislation and strict legislative oversight . "
He highlighted the 170,00 stop and searches the Met had carried out , compared with 200-300 in Manchester .
" That is a mind - boggling statistic .
That may well be an abuse of the law . "
followed by The Daily Mail :
Former MI6 chief Sir Richard Dearlove warns against ' disturbing ' surveillance society
The former head of MI6 has hit out at what he called ' striking and disturbing ' invasions of privacy by the Big Brother state - claiming some are an ' abuse ' of the law .
Sir Richard Dearlove , who led the Secret Intelligence Service from 1999 to 2004 , publicly attacked the ' loss of liberties ' caused by expanding surveillance powers , and described some police operations as ' mind - boggling . '
Both the Daily Mail and the Evening Standard used to be owned by Associated Newspapers , but thehe Evening Standard has been sold off earlier this year to a Russian businessman ( who does not like to be called an oligarch ) , Alexander Lebedev .
He was , astonishingly , a former KGB foreign intelligence officer stationed in London in the late 1980 's until he left the KGB / FSB in 1992 , with the rank of lieutenant colonel , and then went on to make a fortune in banking , according to a The Sunday Times profile of him .
It is interesting how Sir Rich Richard Dearlove 's comments seem to agree with those of Dame Stella Rimington , who in charge of MI5 the Security Service from 1992 until 1996 , and even with those of Sir David Omand , the former head of GCHQ and former Cabinet Office Permanent Secretary and Security Intelligence Co-ordinator .
See Spy Blog :
Author Steve Quayle alleges that 40 microbiologist have died under suspicious circumstances in the last four years -- most of them specializing in vaccines and bio-weapons research .
The deaths include stabbings , drownings , plane crashes and hit - and - run crashes .
Some were ruled suicides .
Theres only been several whove died of natural causes .
Below is a partial list of dead microbiologists and scientists : November 6 , 2001 : Jeffrey Paris
Wall 's body was found sprawled next to a three - story parking structure near his office .
Mr. Wall , 41 , had studied at the University of California , Los Angeles .
He was a biomedical expert who held a medical degree , and he also specialized in patent and intellectual property .
It had been alleged that Jeffrey Wall had a connection to Biofem .
November 16 , 2001 : Dr. Don Wiley , 57 , disappears during a business trip to Memphis , Tennessee .
He had just bought tickets to take his son to Graceland the following day .
Police found his rental car on a bridge outside Memphis .
His body was later found in the Mississippi River .
Wiley was one of the world 's leading researchers of deadly viruses , including HIV and the Ebola virus .
He was an expert on the immune system 's response to viral attacks .
November 21 , 2001 : World - class microbiologist and high - profile Russian defector Dr. Vladimir Pasechnik , 64 , dies of a stroke .
Pasechnik , who defected to Britain in 1989 , succeeded in producing an aerosolized plague microbe that could survive outside the laboratory .
He was connected to Britain 's spy agency and recently had started his own company .
" In the last few weeks of his life he had put his research on anthrax at the disposal of the [ British ] Government , in the light of the threat from bioterrorism .
November 24 , 2001 : Three more dead microbiologists : A Swissair flight from Berlin to Zurich crashes during its landing approach ; 22 are killed and nine survive .
Among those killed are Dr. Yaakov Matzner , 54 , dean of the Hebrew University school of medicine ; Amiramp Eldor , 59 , head of the haematology department at Ichilov Hospital in Tel Aviv and a world - recognized expert in blood clotting ; and Avishai Berkman , 50 , director of the Tel Aviv public health department and businessman December 10 , 2001 : Dead microbiologist : " Dr. Robert Schwartz , 57 , was stabbed and slashed with what police believe was a sword in his farmhouse in Leesberg , Va .
His daughter , who identifies herself as a pagan high priestess , and three of her fellow pagans have been charged . "
[ Globe and Mail , 5/4/02 ]
All were part of what they called a coven , and interested in magic , fantasy and self - mutilation .
The police have no motive as to why they would have wanted to kill Schwartz , who was a single parent and said to be very close to his children .
Schwartz worked at Virginia 's Center for Innovative Technology on DNA sequencing and pathogenic microorganisms .
December 14 , 2001 : Dead microbiologist : Nguyen Van Set , 44 , dies in an airlock filled with nitrogen in his lab in Geelong , Australia .
The lab had just been written up in the journal Nature for its work in genetic manipulation and DNA sequencing .
Scientists there had created a virulent form of mousepox .
" They realized that if similar genetic manipulation was carried out on smallpox , an unstoppable killer could be unleashed , " January 2002 : Two dead microbiologists : Ivan Glebov and Alexi Brushlinski .
Glebov died as the result of a bandit attack and Brushlinski was killed in Moscow .
Both were well known around the world and members of the Russian Academy of Science .
February 9 , 2002 : Dead microbiologist : Victor Korshunov , 56 , is bashed over the head and killed at the entrance of his home in Moscow , Russia .
He was the head of the microbiology sub-faculty at the Russian State Medical University and an expert in intestinal bacteria .
February 11 , 2002 : Dead microbiologist : Dr. Ian Langford , 40 , is found dead , partially naked and wedged under a chair in his home in Norwich , England .
When found , his house was described as " blood - spattered and apparently ransacked . "
He was one of Europe 's leading experts on environmental risk .
February 28 , 2002 : Two dead microbiologists in San Francisco :
While taking delivery of a pizza , Tanya Holzmayer , 46 , is shot and killed by a colleague , Guyang Huang , 38 , who then apparently shot himself .
Holzmayer moved to the US from Russia in 1989 .
Her research focused on the part of the human molecular structure that could be affected best by medicine .
Holzmayer was focusing on helping create new drugs that interfere with replication of the virus that causes AIDS .
One year earlier , Holzmayer obeyed senior management orders to fire Huang .
March 24 , 2002 : Dead microbiologist : David Wynn - Williams , 55 , is hit by a car while jogging near his home in Cambridge , England .
He was an astrobiologist with the Antarctic Astrobiology Project and the NASA Ames Research Center .
He was studying the capability of microbes to adapt to environmental extremes , including the bombardment of ultraviolet rays and global warming .
March 25 , 2002 : Dead microbiologist : Steven Mostow , 63 , dies when the airplane he was piloting crashes near Denver , Colorado .
He worked at the Colorado Health Sciences Centre and was known as " Dr. Flu " for his expertise in treating influenza , and expertise on bioterrorism .
Mostow was one of the country 's leading infectious disease experts .
November 12 2002 : Dr. Benito Que , 52 , was " an expert in infectious diseases and cellular biology at the Miami Medical School .
Police originally suspected that he had been beaten on in a carjacking in the medical school 's parking lot .
Strangely enough , though , his body showed no signs of a beating .
June 24 , 2003 : Dr. Leland Rickman , a UC San Diego expert on infectious diseases and , since Sept. 11 , 2001 a consultant on bioterrorism .
He was 47 .
Rickman died while on a teaching assignment in Lesotho , a small country bordered on all sides by South Africa .
He had complained of a headache , but the cause of death was not immediately known .
The physician had been working in Lesotho with Dr. Chris Mathews , director of the UC San Diego Medical Center 's Owen Clinic , teaching African medical personnel about the prevention and treatment of AIDS .
Rickman , the incoming president of the Infectious Disease Assn. of California , was a multidisciplinary professor and practitioner with expertise in infectious diseases , internal medicine , epidemiology , microbiology and antibiotic utilization July 18 , 2003 : David Kelly , a British biological weapons expert , was said to have slashed his own wrists while walking near his home .
Kelly was the Ministry of Defence 's chief scientific officer and senior adviser to the proliferation and arms control secretariat , and to the Foreign Office 's non-proliferation department .
The senior adviser on biological weapons to the UN biological weapons inspections teams ( Unscom ) from 1994 to 1999 , he was also , in the opinion of his peers , pre-eminent in his field , not only in this country , but in the world .
November 20 , 2003 : Scientist Robert Leslie Burghoff , 45 was killed by a hit and run driver that jumped the kerb and ploughed into him in the 1600 block of South Braeswood , Texas .
He was studying the virus plaguing cruise ships .
April 2004 : Mohammed Munim al - Izmerly , a distinguished Iraqi chemistry professor dies in American custody from a sudden hit to the back of his head caused by blunt trauma .
It was uncertain exactly how he died , but someone had hit him from behind , possibly with a bar or a pistol .
His battered corpse turned up at Baghdad 's morgue and the cause of death was initially recorded as " brainstem compression " .
It was discovered that US doctors had made a 20 cm incision in his skull .
May 5 , 2004 : A Russian scientist at a former Soviet biological weapons laboratory in Siberia died after an accident with a needle laced with ebola .
Scientists and officials said the accident had raised concerns about safety and secrecy at the State Research Center of Virology and Biotechnology , known as Vector , which in Soviet times specialized in turning deadly viruses into biological weapons .
Vector has been a leading recipient of aid in an American programme .
May 14 , 2004 : Dr. Eugene F. Mallove , a Norwich Free Academy graduate , 56 , died after being beaten to death during an alleged robbery .
Mallove was well respected for his knowledge of cold fusion .
He had just published an open letter outlining the results of and reasons for his last 15 years in the field of new energy research .
Dr. Mallove was convinced it was only a matter of months before the world would actually see a free energy device .
June 22 , 2004 : Astronomer and physicist , Austrian born Thomas Gold famous over the years for a variety of bold theories that flout conventional wisdom died of heart failure .
Golds theory of the deep hot biosphere holds important ramifications for the possibility of life on other planets , including seemingly inhospitable planets within our own solar system .
He was Professor Emeritus of Astronomy at Cornell University and wass the founder ( and for 20 years director ) of Cornell Center for Radiophysics and Space Research .
He was also involved in air accident investigation .
July 3 , 2004 : Dr Paul Norman , 52 , of Salisbury , Wiltshire , was killed when the single - engine Cessna 206 he was piloting crashed in Devon .
He was married with a 14 - year - old son and a 20 - year - old daughter , and was the chief scientist for chemical and biological defence at the Ministry of Defences laboratory at Porton Down , Wiltshire .
The crash site was examined by officials from the Air Accidents Investigation Branch and the wreckage of the aircraft was removed from the site to the AAIB base at Farnborough .
July 21 , 2004 : Dr Bassem al - Mudares ' mutilated body was found in the city of Samarra , Iraq * .
He was a phD chemist and had been tortured before being killed .
July 29 , 2004 : 67 - year - old John Mullen , a nuclear research scientist with McDonnell Douglas dies from a huge dose of poisonous arsenic .
Police investigating will not say how Mullen was exposed to the arsenic or where it came from .
At the time of his death he was doing contract work for Boeing .
August 12 , 2004 : Professor John Clark , head of the science lab which created Dolly the sheep , was found hanging in his holiday home .
Prof Clark led the Roslin Institute in Midlothian , one of the worlds leading animal biotechnology research centres .
He played a crucial role in creating the transgenic sheep that earned the institute worldwide fame .
Prof Clark also founded three spin - out firms from Roslin - PPL Therapeutics , Rosgen and Roslin BioMed .
September 5 , 2004 : Mohammed Toki Hussein al - Talakani Iraqi nuclear scientist * was shot dead in Mahmudiya , south of Baghdad .
He was a practising nuclear physicist since 1984 .
December 21 , 2004 : Taleb Ibrahim al - Daher Iraqi nuclear scientist was shot dead north of Baghdad by unknown gunmen .
He was on his way to work at Diyala University when armed men opened fire on his car as it was crossing a bridge in Baqouba , 57 km northeast of Baghdad .
The vehicle swerved off the bridge and fell into the Khrisan river .
Al - Daher , who was a professor at the local university , was removed from the submerged car and rushed to Baqouba hospital where he was pronounced dead .
January 7 , 2005 : Korean Jeong H. Im , retired research assistant professor at the University of Missouri - Columbia and primarily a protein chemist , died of multiple stab wounds to the chest before firefighters found in his body in the trunk of a burning car on the third level of the Maryland Avenue Garage .
MUPD with the assistance of the Columbia Police Department and Columbia Fire Department are conducting a death investigation of the incident .
A person of interest described as a male 6 62 wearing some type of mask possible a painters mask or drywall type mask was seen in the area of the Maryland Avenue Garage .
Quayle also supects that more than 310 Iraqi scientists are thought to have perished at the hands of Israeli secret agents in Iraq since fall of Baghdad to US troops in April 2003 .
http://www.stevequayle.com
Comment From Jim Tanner 1 - 28 - 5 Dear Jeff ,
While this may be the case I would suggest that if you looked at any group of scientists you would find some in the 50 and up age group dying from old age and some dying in plane crashes .
With that behind us , I can remember microbiologists getting together after the Anthrax scare in 2001 and comparing notes on who had the capabilities to manufacture weapons grade Anthrax .
It is pretty simple to produce bacteria in the lab .
Even juniors in college do it .
Micro cultures are wonderfully cooperative .
That is why we have such vast quantities of beer and wine . .
What you need then is the ability to produce and maintain the culture in the lab without wiping yourself out .
There are about three more steps after that .
Every step along the way here reduces the number of people and facilities that could have produced or had access to the Anthrax used .
I suspect that the Microbiology community had a top 20 list of people and places on that top step .
As the noose tightened around the real criminals of the Anthrax scare , they may have begun to liquidate their colleagues that were too curious .
One note in favor of your epidemic .
Biologists study population growth curves .
One of the first studied is the J - curve .
The number of employees employed by certain areas of the military - industrial complex has followed that curve : the number of employees going into Iraq in the first year of the war , for example .
But the curve that is most impressive that also fits the J - curve is the number of civilians killed in Texas , then in Afghanistan , then in Iraq as Bush has gone from governor to president in the first term .
If we follow this curve and his recent gung - ho speech to spread " freedom " and " liberty " he can hit 1 million during his second term .
For that he will need WMD's , very likely biological .
Best wishes , Jim Tanner
June 11 , 2009 Admin
According to Giving USA , total giving to US charities declined 5.7 % in real terms in 2008 compared to 2007 , the first decline in real terms since 1987 .
Total giving in 2008 amounted to $ 307.65 billion , with these components ( all declines inflation - adjusted ) :
Individuals — $ 229.3 billion , down 6.3 %
Foundations — $ 41.2 billion , down 0.8 %
Bequests — $ 22.7 billion , down 6.4 %
Corporations — $ 14.5 billion , down 8 %
Steve MacLaughlin at Blackbaud analyzed this and other data to conclude that online giving rose to a total of $ 15.4 billion in 2008 , an increase of 44 % over 2007 .
That means online gifts accounted for just over 5 % of total 2008 giving ( or about 6.7 % of individual giving ) .
Further , he reports that , for Blackbaud clients , online giving in Q1 2009 has risen 68 % over the same period in 2008 .
I guess that ’s good news if you ’re an online fundraiser ( or consultant ) .
But with the total giving pie down , some of the steam is taken out of that good news .
For , with a declining total pie , one must conclude that a lot of online fundraising is simply cannibalizing other channels .
No ?
Tom
P.S. This modeled Giving USA data mirrors findings from a Target Analytics study earlier this year , based on actual file analysis of 75 national nonprofit direct mailers , that found a decline in individual giving of 3.3 % ( which compares to Giving USA ’s non-adjusted - for - inflation decline of 2.7 % ) .
Image : Pregnant man , by Gaetan Lee
The Australian Government announced paid parental leave on the weekend , effective from 2011 .
There are some flaws in the scheme ( 18 weeks , what happens after , etc… ) , but overall , I was pretty darn happy about it .
Others , not so much .
Take one of my Twitter followers , who responded to my fairly benign endorsement of the scheme with a tirade including such gems as :
Why should I as an employer have to paid for you to fulfill your desire to have children ?
It does n’t contribute to my business .
And :
Why should there be policies for that ?
Why should women b treated different to men ?
They ’re not an endangered species .
And :
why ca n’t they just have their kids if they want & then return and compete equally with everyone else - male , female , young , old
I ’ll give him the benefit of the doubt and assume that his response comes more from annoyance about single people subsidising families than from a lack of empathy for women .
Nonetheless , I find his framing of having kids as a “ choice ” women make … odd , to say the least .
Most of the time , the decision to have a child is something two people make - it ’s just that the woman disproportionately bears the burden of that choice .
Hence the reason a lot of people - myself included - tend to frame this debate in terms of paid maternity leave , and policies to help women in he work place .
I ’m sure a lot of men ’s rights activists would jump at my throat on this , citing alimony payments , ex-wives who wo n’t let them see their children , and so on .
And there are a lot of awesome , highly involved fathers - amongst the current generation of dads , especially .
But biologically , it ’s the woman who does the work of carrying the child in her body for nine months , and pushing it out of her body at the end of that duration in what is usually an extremely painful experience .
I ’m sure pregnancy has lots of great things about it too , but I ’d still classify it as physical work , and as physical work that only one gender is capable of performing .
Women also continue to perform much of the social labour around children .
They ’re far more likely to take time out from paid employment to care for them , whether for three months or fifteen years , and they suffer a serious loss in lifetime income because of this ( which puts them up shit creek if they get divorced ) .
If they do go back to work , it ’s hard to stay on the same career track they were before - whether because they ’re working part - time , or because of the bizarre tendency to see women with children as less skilled post - motherhood rather than more .
Then there ’s the guilt , whether internal , external or both , that many experience for being away from their children for 8 ( or 10 or 12 ) hours a day .
Now , I ’d be happy to hand all ( or at least part ) of this stuff to men .
To make a mutual decision to have a child not fall so much on women ’s hands .
But since the biological side of things is ours only for the time being , we have the long - awaited possibility of paid maternity leave .
PML , admittedly , is but a very small part of the solution to the issues I ’ve laid out above .
It ’s equally about creating workplaces that recognise the hard work their employees put in while they ’re there , but also appreciate that both men and women , families and singles , have lives outside work - and which do n’t predicate success on 60 or 80 hour weeks .
It ’s also about changing the way we conceive the domestic sphere , so that both men and women are happy to contribute their share .
In such a world , babies and the caring of them would not “ just ” be a “ women ’s issue ” .
by
Every few years a wingnut murders a doctor who performs abortions or bombs an abortion clinic .
The most recent victim is Dr. George Tiller , a late - term abortion specialist who had already endured another attempted murder several years ago and whose clinic had been bombed in the past .
The suspect taken into custody is named Scott Roeder .
To those of us who do n’t hate women for having sex , Roeder is a clear villain , someone we would n’t mind seeing drowned in a slurry of discarded fetuses .
To the 1 % or so of pro-lifers who genuinely believe abortion is murder , he is considered a hero , and deservedly so .
What I find curious ( not really ) is the deluge of condemnations flowing forth from the mainstream pro-life establishment .
It seems obvious to those of us on the side of reason and sanity that Roeder is the walking reductio ad absurdum of the argument made by the 99 % of pro-lifers who pretend to believe that abortion is murder but know perfectly well that it is not .
Perhaps it is obvious to those pro-lifers as well , and perhaps that ’s what makes them so angry .
At least Roeder possesses honesty and integrity , qualities which place him above the pit of sex - scared , mendacious snakes who make up the bulk of the pro-life movement .
Now , it ’s no revelation that pro-lifers routinely claim that abortion is murder .
Bill O’Reilly has regularly referred to Tiller as “ Tiller The Baby Killer , ” convincing me once and for all that Bill is the reincarnation of Voltaire .
Operation Rescue and others analogize legalized abortion to the Holocaust .
I do n’t think there ’s any need to extensively document the abortion=murder claim .
My claim , proven by Roeder and the response to his actions is that this is not what pro-lifers actually believe .
If they did actually believe that abortion is murder , not only would they unambiguously embrace Roeder , Scott Roeders would be a dime a dozen .
Rather than abhorring “ murder , ” pro-lifers loathe unpunished sex , which is why they also tend to oppose everything from HPV vaccinations to condom use .
Any measure that might ameliorate unwanted consequences of sex ( including abortion itself ) is met with an ad hoc objection .
But let ’s focus on their purported belief that abortion is murder .
Obviously , the claim that aborting a fetus is tantamount to murdering a human is just silly .
Rick Santorum holding a funeral for a fetus was practically a Monty Python bit .
We do n’t mourn miscarriages as we mourn the deaths of actual people and we never really have .
Because we know that fetuses are n’t people .
Only a few pro-lifers are really consumed by the issue of abortion .
The majority go days at a time without even thinking about the fact that there are allegedly more than a million fully sanctioned “ murders ” of their countrymen each year .
People in Rwanda are n’t like , “ yeah , I ’m not a fan of the genocide–hey , anybody else having a Big Mac Attack ? ”
So intuitively , the pro-life claim is just dumb .
I wo n’t go into detail , but you might be interested to know that the pro-life arguments in ethical and bio-ethical literature have long ago given up trying to prove that abortion is murder and almost never argue that it should be illegal .
The rag - tag remnants of the routed academic pro-life forces usually try squeak by with half baked fail - cakes like “ abortion is a serious moral wrong . ”
But not only is the abortion=murder claim ridiculous , the people who make it do n’t even believe it to be true .
We might start by putting the ball in the pro-life court .
If abortion is actually murder , then legalized abortion is indeed in the same ballpark as the Holocaust .
Maybe it ’s
The Holocaust with less torture and suffering , but the deliberate murder and body count are right there .
What analogous situation has there ever been , or might one imagine in which 1 ) A holocaust is underway and 2 ) it is not morally permissible to use violence against the executioners to stop or slow the holocaust ?
This is the closest parallel situation I can imagine .
Remember , the fetuses are full human beings–children in fact –with the same moral standing as any other child and deserving of the same rights or moral consideration .
Note that these are almost all unwanted children , so let ’s take bereft family members out of the equation by imagining that your town has a very large orphanage .
Now let ’s suppose that a small group of people have the right to kill orphans with impunity , behind closed doors .
It does n’t really matter why , but if it helps , you can pretend they have some bizarre diplomatic immunity .
Or perhaps they belong to The Sacred Order of The Stonecutters .
Each day , these men head down to the orphanage , pick up a couple of kids , take them home and shoot them in the backs of their heads .
Everybody knows about the practice , but it is clear the law will not be changed for many years , if ever .
There is no legal way to slow the killings .
The killers are all intelligent , well educated men who have heard all of the arguments and remained stridently pro-orphan murder for decades .
In short , there is no reason whatsoever to expect the orphan killing to stop or even be significantly reduced in the foreseeable future without drastic intervention .
If you ’re like me , your initial response to this scenario is , “ How can I become a Stonecutter ?
I work with kids all day and would love to blast a couple of them ! ”
But upon reflection , you realize that this state of affairs would not only be wrong , but intolerable .
It could probably be argued that you have a moral obligation to see to it that the Stonecutters are stopped immediately .
Quite possibly , the best way to do that would be to kill them or participate in a conspiracy to kill them .
But even without asserting a moral duty , it is obvious that someone who does take it upon themselves to kill Stonecutters has done a good thing .
Since most pro-lifers claim that abortion is murder , they are asserting that a situation very similar to licensed orphan killing actually exists .
So , when they not only fail to act in the most immediate way possible against the killers , but then condemn someone like Roeder , we know that one of two things are possible : they are being dishonest in condemning Roeder or they are being dishonest when they claim to believe that abortion is murder .
The former seems very unlikely .
If the prevailing view among tens of millions of hard line pro-lifers is that Roeder is a hero , then that raises a number of questions .
First and foremost , why is Roeder so unusual ?
Even if Roeder ’s attack was not strategically optimal , it seems like , out of tens of millions of like - minded people , more than one would follow his path .
And with even a decent level of planning and organization , one would have a pretty good chance of getting away with such a non-personal killing , assuming they did not want to play the martyr and accept punishment for the crime .
Even by the standards of the internet , very little pro-Roeder rhetoric has escaped if we suppose that he really has tens of millions of secret supporters .
And if Roeder is in fact a great hero , it seems rather cowardly and dishonest to pretend to condemn him and let him twist in the wind .
The right has no problem openly supporting Jerome Ersland , the pharmacist who recently shot a wounded , unconscious robber five times .
Never mind Oliver North , G. Gordon Liddy , Augusto Pinochet … there ’s a small rush to be had by supporting the ostensible bad guy , yet nobody wants to enjoy it in this particular case .
No , it seems much more probable that pro-lifers are telling the second lie , that despite their declarations , they do n’t actually believe that abortion is murder .
The first point a pro-lifer will make here is that we live in a society of laws and “ give unto Caesar ” and blah blah blah , which is what O’Reilly said in response to the shooting .
This is obvious bullshit .
One could certainly call into question the basic legitimacy of a government that sanctioned the murder of millions of its own people .
Roeder himself did just that as a Montana Freeman .
But you do n’t have to go that far .
Even if you like the basic structure of your government , you clearly do n’t need to adhere to the specific laws that allow for mass murder of the people .
If you have a fanatical reverence for the letter of the law , you can even break the law to stop the murders , acknowledge your guilt and accept your punishment .
No matter how you slice it , it ’s stupid to argue that , “ yes , millions of civilians are being systematically murdered , but the law ’s the law , so I guess my hands are tied . ”
By this logic , Rosa Parks and Gandhi were both in the wrong .
And not only were the people who hid Anne Frank wrong , the Franks were wrong for hiding .
So it can not be the case that attacking abortionists is wrong simply because it is illegal .
This brings us to the eternal nexus of liberal and conservative punditry in this country : shameless stupidity .
With commercials on all of my other radio presets this morning , I punched into Stephanie Miller long enough to hear her crew complain that the killer proves pro-lifers are not really pro-life because they sanction such killings .
( They also made the embarrassing claim that Bill O’Reilly has “ blood on his hands . ” )
Pro-lifers will deal with these situations by similarly claiming that killing a doctor is antithetical to their “ pro-life ” mission , like Gary Bauer who said that true pro-lifers “ reject the killing of every defenseless , innocent human being ” and Tiller ’s killer “ has nothing to do with the pro-life movement , which overwhelmingly condemns the murder of the innocent . ”
Charmaine Yoest , the President of Americans United for Life , said , “ we condemn this lawless act of violence .
The foundational right to life that our work is dedicated to extends to everyone .
Whoever is responsible for this reprehensible violence must be brought to justice under the law . ”
This is , of course , total nonsense .
For starters , how is someone who conducts thousands of murders innocent ?
While vegan , pro-life , total pacifists do exist , they are foolish and rare because , obviously , killing murderers to save innocent people is generally acceptable in principle .
For example , if someone had plugged the Columbine shooters early in their rampage , that person would be hailed as a hero .
Nobody would be like , “ well , if you ’re so opposed to Dylan and Eric killing students , is n’t it hypocritical to kill Dylan and Eric , who are themselves students ?
Check and mate ! ”
You can argue that the invasion of a country committing genocide is wrong or impractical for a number of reasons .
You could even argue that The Holocaust alone would not have justified killing innocent German civilians in order to intervene .
But the break in the analogy to The Holocaust here favors violent intervention because “ civilian ” casualties can be pretty much avoided .
If abortion actually were murder , the position of the pro-lifer would be similar to someone who , during WWII , could easily target and kill only those Germans orchestrating and executing the holocaust .
In both situations you are specifically targeting killers to save innocent lives .
There ’s nothing hypocritical or inconsistent about that , unless you want to take up the cause of strict pacifism , in which case I hope you enjoy your junior year of high school .
If you do not subscribe to some equally dubious ideology , there is no way you can claim that Tiller is both a calculating mass murderer of children , and an innocent who deserves protection .
He is no different than the principles in The Holocaust , the Columbine twins , Ted Bundy , or any other willful mass murderer .
And , of course , we would gladly turn out the lights of any of those people once they started killing if it became clear there was no other way to stop them .
The only difference one can identify in Tiller is that he terminated fetuses .
We all know damn well that fetuses are not people and killing them is not murder and that is the only explanation for why Roeder was wrong to kill Tiller .
I do n’t think pro-lifers are necessarily upset about Tiller ’s death because of any compassion for him and they are not angry at Roeder for killing him , per se .
I think they want to string Roeder up for calling their bluff .
The only reason Roeder seems like a totally irrational maniac is that his actions are consistent with the actual tenets of the pro-life movement .
Share this : Facebook
Google
Twitter
More
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Reddit
Pinterest
Rhonda Hackett , a Canadian expat clinical psychologist living in the US , has an editorial in the Denver Post with a good round - up of myths and truths about Canadian health care .
I 've lived under the Canadian , US , British and Costa Rican health care systems and of the four , I believe that the Canadian one functions best ( I 'd rank them Canadian , British , Costa Rican and US ) .
My experience with all four includes routine and urgent care .
I 've had firsthand experience of pre-and post-natal care in Canada , the US and the UK ; I 've also seen the Canadian , US and UK palliative care system in action .
On the other hand , I believe that the UK system of caring for elderly people is better than the others ; Costa Ricans have better services for rural people ; and the US has a better culture of retail service ( outside of healthcare ) than anywhere else I 've lived .
Myth : Taxes in Canada are extremely high , mostly because of national health care .
In actuality , taxes are nearly equal on both sides of the border .
Overall , Canada 's taxes are slightly higher than those in the U.S. However , Canadians are afforded many benefits for their tax dollars , even beyond health care ( e.g. , tax credits , family allowance , cheaper higher education ) , so the end result is a wash .
At the end of the day , the average after - tax income of Canadian workers is equal to about 82 percent of their gross pay .
In the U.S. , that average is 81.9 percent .
Myth : Canada 's health care system is a cumbersome bureaucracy .
The U.S. has the most bureaucratic health care system in the world .
More than 31 percent of every dollar spent on health care in the U.S. goes to paperwork , overhead , CEO salaries , profits , etc .
The provincial single - payer system in Canada operates with just a 1 percent overhead .
Think about it .
It is not necessary to spend a huge amount of money to decide who gets care and who does n't when everybody is covered .
Debunking Canadian health care myths
( via Digg )
Jeffrey Marlow for The New York Times
At Google ’s London office , across the street from the bustling Victoria station , high - and low - tech strategies are used to minimize its environmental impact .
As an example , an enormous video - conference network across Google ’s 119 global offices has minimized the need for extensive inter - office travel and helped Google weather the current economic storm as other companies learn to adapt to business travel cutbacks .
“ Hundreds of meetings per day are done via videoconference , ” said Adam Banks , an audio / visual project manager .
“ The technology is primarily about making the company work better , but it has the nice effect of saving on carbon as well . ”
Google London has also used decidedly low - tech approaches to drastically reduce waste and increase energy efficiency .
The removal of under - desk trash cans was the brainchild of Benjamin Kott , Google ’s operations manager for green business practices in Europe , and it encountered some initial resistance from employees who disliked having to make a journey to throw things away .
Still , it worked , leading to a 50 percent jump in recycling rates , according to the company .
“ It makes people aware of what they ’re doing , ” noted Mr. Kott .
“ Rather than automatically throwing a bottle in with the landfill waste , they see there ’s a choice and must make a conscious decision to recycle . ”
As a technology company , Google has also taken a close look at how its own equipment is used .
During a recent push to minimize electricity use , for instance , technicians prowled the office late at night to see who had left their computers on standby .
It turned out that 90 percent had , but personalized feedback and education have managed to reduce that number significantly .
“ You have to find some hook or motivation for people , ” Mr. Kott said he has learned .
Framing the issue as a competition or personal challenge , he said , often inspires action .
Still , the road to efficiency is a long one .
“ I think we ’re going in the right direction , ” Mr. Kott said , “ but of course there ’s always more work to be done . ”
Next on his agenda : reducing landfill waste to less than 5 percent of overall office waste , and tackling the consumption of individually - packaged snacks and drinks .
Step 1 : Remove cat from computer Step 2 : Remove cat from computer Step 3 : Remove cat from computer Step 4: Just give it up already
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Speaking of Ryuji Nakamura , his Hechima Chair ( 2008 ) and Insect Cage ( 2007 ) were featured in the eco & art 2009 exhibit jointly sponsored by Konica and PEN , and dubbed ideas that would save the planet .
The Insect Cage was made using a method know as rapid prototyping to create super thin grid lines ( 0.3 mm to be exact ) .
And as you can obviously see , this would not be a good home for your award - winning rare ant collection .
The structure plays tricks on ones distance perspective because the captured insect can disappear depending on one ’s angle of view .
But at the same time it creates a certain proximity that traditional glass of resin- based cages do n’t afford .
The Hechima Chair is actually made out of paper ( vulcanized fibre ) and shares the light , airy characteristics of the Insect Cage .
Related :
A new study reveals that through - the - roof medical bills are the cause of more than 60 percent of bankruptcies in the U.S. From 2001 to 2007 , bankruptcies associated with medical debt increased by 50 percent , and 75 percent of the families surveyed actually had health insurance .
CNN :
This year , an estimated 1.5 million Americans will declare bankruptcy .
Many people may chalk up that misfortune to overspending or a lavish lifestyle , but a new study suggests that more than 60 percent of people who go bankrupt are actually capsized by medical bills .
Bankruptcies due to medical bills increased by nearly 50 percent in a six - year period , from 46 percent in 2001 to 62 percent in 2007 , and most of those who filed for bankruptcy were middle - class , well - educated homeowners , according to a report that will be published in the August issue of The American Journal of Medicine .
Read More
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama was expected to sign into law on Friday a package of sweeping new limits on credit card interest rates and fees that won final approval from the U.S. Congress on Wednesday .
In a major victory for the president and congressional Democrats , the House of Representatives voted 361 - 64 to approve the so - called “ credit cardholder bill of rights ” .
Taking full effect in February 2010 , the bill would sharply restrict credit card issuers ’ ability to raise interest rates on cardholders ’ existing balances ; to charge certain fees ; and to slap cardholders with unreasonable penalties .
The bill will hurt the profits of major card issuers such as Citigroup , Bank of America , JPMorgan Chase and Capital One , analysts said .
It represents the first of several reforms on banking and market rules expected from the administration as it tightens regulatory oversight in hopes of preventing another financial crisis like the one now pounding economies worldwide .
A White House official said Obama will sign the bill at a ceremony scheduled for 1500 EDT on Friday .
The bill could hit home with more consumers than any other economic initiative the Obama administration has launched so far , with some experts predicting a broad restructuring of how credit cards are priced , managed and marketed .
“ These are monumental and expensive changes for credit card issuers to implement , ” said Duncan Douglass , a lawyer with the firm of Alston & Bird who specializes in payment law .
Americans owed more than $ 945 billion in credit card debt in March .
That level has fallen lately as households pull back during the recession , but credit card indebtedness is still up about 25 percent over a decade ago , reflecting an explosion in consumers ’ access to and use of plastic .
Seventy - eight percent of U.S. families have a card and average debt among families with a balance was $ 7,300 in 2007 .
BANK STOCKS MIXED
American Express Chief Executive Kenneth Chenault said the new rules under the bill would likely hurt his company and reduce credit .
“ It ’s more negative than positive , ” he said on a Wednesday conference call hosted by Calyon Securities .
The KBW Banks index of 24 leading bank stocks closed down 2.8 percent on Wednesday following the House vote , with broader market indexes down modestly on the day .
Capital
One shares closed off 7.2 percent at $ 23.11 ; JPMorgan , off 3.5 percent at $ 34.55 ; Citigroup , off 2.1 percent at $ 3.69 ; Bank of America , up 2.1 percent at $ 11.49 .
Among credit card giants , MasterCard closed up 1.7 percent at $ 169.63 ; Visa Inc up 0.25 percent at $ 64.96 ; and American Express Co , down 3.3 percent at $ 23.98 .
Enactment of the bill into law by Obama would mark the crest of a political backlash against card companies after years of rate and fee increases and aggressive marketing tactics that angered consumers , said lawmakers and analysts .
Banking lobbyists that fought unsuccessfully to block much of the bill said it would reduce the availability of credit to consumers by curtailing lenders ’ ability to price for risk .
American Express and MasterCard credit cards are shown in Washington June 25 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jim Bourg
Representative Spencer Bachus , the top Republican on the House Financial Services Committee , warned that any pullback in credit extended to consumers could aggravate the recession .
“ In a time of economic crisis , it ’s going to be somewhat ill - timed , ” Bachus said in House floor debate on the bill .
FRANK ASSESSMENT
But Representative Barney Frank , the Democratic chairman of the committee , reached a different conclusion in view of the explosion in credit cards issued by banks in recent years , many of them to borrowers unable to handle the debt .
“ If this bill means there are some credit cards that will not be issued , good , ” he said .
In an unusual procedural maneuver , the House cast a divided vote on the bill .
As approved by the Senate , it included a Republican amendment that would let people carry loaded guns in national parks , in addition to the credit card provisions .
Separate House votes on the credit card provisions and on the gun amendment both passed , allowing the entire bill to be sent to Obama for his signature .
“ This cements a victory for every American consumer who has ever suffered at the hands of the credit card industry , ” said Senator Christopher Dodd , chairman of the Senate Banking Committee , who steered the bill to Senate passage on Tuesday .
( For a FACTBOX on the credit card bill ’s key provisions , please double - click : )
The actual email .
Thanks ,
Mark , for saying such nice
things about my work .
I recently got an email from someone at Zooppa , offering me a " filmmaking opportunity . ”
The opportunity is for me to create a commercial for a stapler company and if my finished piece is determined to be one of the ten best , I ’ll get to share $ 25,000 .
I ’m not going to do it .
And I suggest you do n’t , either .
Here 's why :
Let ’s say I ’m the best of the best .
And that each of the nine other submissions considered to be one of the ten best “ wins " $ 50.00 .
That leaves me “ winning ” $ 24,550 .
There ’s a reason that word “ winning ” is in quotes .
Because it is n’t winning .
It ’s earning .
To earn that money , I have to first work as a copywriter .
I ’d study the brief so I could get to know the marketing strategy , advertising strategy , and brand voice .
I ’d familiarize myself with the target market , understanding their perception of the brand and its competitors .
I ’d also evaluate the product and its competitive set to determine opportunities to communicate the benefits of a feature that would be relevant to the audience .
Only then would I be able to come up with a script .
Me having an idea .
What it looks like .
Really .
Once the script is prepared , I ’d have to work as a producer .
I ’d break down the script in order to create a budget to shoot the piece and put together all the necessary resources .
I ’d arrange for casting and location scouting , procure equipment and the people to operate it , secure insurance to cover something happening to a piece of equipment or a person .
If anything costs money I ’d have to pay for it .
By this point I would have already worked for about a week and spent something , even if it is n’t much .
If you ’ve been reading my blog at all you know that working as a director involves a lot more than showing up and calling “ action ! ”
Before I can even dream of calling “ action ! "
I 'd have to cast actors , find locations , and create the world I want to create through art direction , lighting , and props .
When it finally comes time to shoot the piece , I 'd get to be the director , but I 'd never stop being the producer , the person to deals with the inevitable problems –– equipment that breaks or does n’t show up , people who flake , actors who are happy to work for free , but simply MUST have fresh dahlias in their dressing rooms ...
I would n't get to stop being a producer once the footage was all shot because there ’d be equipment to return , a location to clean up , and crew members to pay .
But I might also get to be an editor .
Somebody ’s got to digitize the footage , sync the sound , pull the selects , edit the piece , do a color - correct , and mix the audio .
Oh , and then there ’s music .
We might want music .
And a voice over .
Is there a title that comes up with the logo ?
Yeah , someone would need to create that , too .
The deadline for submitting to Zooppa is September 22nd , which means I 'd have three weeks to write , produce , direct , and finish this thing .
Pretty tight , but yeah , I could do it if I worked every day .
Twenty years ago , I was bringing in $ 1,000 a day as a freelance copywriter , but let ’s forget that I ’d just come off a job as Senior Vice President / Creative Director at BBDO Worldwide and let ’s also forget that you 'd need $ 1,568 today to buy something that cost $ 1,000 in 1995 .
Instead , let ’s say a copywriter is worth $ 350 a day .
Let ’s also say a producer is worth $ 350 a day .
And because we ’re being all egalitarian and stuff , director / editors get to make $ 350 a day , too .
That means I ’d be paying myself $ 22,050 to make this thing , which leaves a whopping $ 2,500 to pay the crew and actors , rent the location , props , and equipment , and buy the insurance .
And that ’s if I win .
Which I decided way up there at the top of this rant that I would .
You losers ?
All you other people who go to the same trouble that I do and who come in second ?
You 'd get to spend $ 22,050 worth of your cut rate time and $ 2,500 of your money in order to collect $ 50 .
Plus you would n't get to say you made a real commercial .
Zooppa has come up with a business model that is predicated on people like me being willing to invest their time and money –– plus assume all the risk –– in order to create advertising on behalf of its clients .
It 's like a lottery , where the potential payout does n't even cover the cost of the ticket .
So no , Zooppa , I wo n't be taking you up on this " opportunity " , thank you very much .
Even if it were my first time looking into the eyepiece of a camera –– and it is n't –– if I 'm creating something a legitimate business values as part of its marketing communication , I deserve to be treated as a professional .
And the people I hire to work with me do , too .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm more than willing to cut my rate or work for free –– just like most everybody I know in this business –– but when I do it 's because I either believe in the project , love the people , or see an opportunity to go to France .
Zooppa , you 're asking me to invest both my time and money to further the marketing goals of a legitimate , profit - seeking enterprise .
The only remuneration I 'm guaranteed is two staplers , which I can keep as long as I promise to submit a commercial .
It 's not a stapler .
It 's a paycheck .
Three weeks ' work for two staplers ?
Wow .
What an " opportunity . "
The results from the final round have been announced .
We did pretty well on the last maps , continued to climb , and ended at position 17 , which is the team ’s best score in any ICFP contest so far .
We have n’t yet analyzed our performance on the maps of the final round , but our guess at this point is that the solution scaled well as the size of the maps increased , and that the ability to handle large maps was crucial in the final round .
In the lightning division we ended up at position 21 .
This is also our best lightning performance to this date .
( CNN ) -- Penny Ireland 's family is so scattered around the world that Facebook , the popular social networking site , has become the family 's No. 1 way to communicate .
The fastest - growing age group on Facebook is women older than 55 , Inside Facebook says .
" We call it our living room , " the 56 - year - old mother said by phone from her home in Houston , Texas .
" Everybody can tell what everybody else is doing . "
" Everybody " includes Ireland 's five kids and her 83 - year - old mother , who has a Facebook profile she accesses daily , Ireland said .
While online social networks like Facebook , Twitter and MySpace are known hang - outs for younger adults and teenagers , older generations in recent months have been taking to the medium at a faster rate than any other age group , according to industry reports .
Many of these older folks use social networks to keep tabs on younger family members and they often find fruitful connections with their peers after they 've friended all of their kids and grandkids , according to an informal survey by Stanford University professor BJ Fogg .
Join a conversation on this topic at CNN's Facebook page
The trend is still relatively confined .
Only about 7 percent of people older than 65 have online social - networking profiles , according to research from the Pew Internet & American Life Project .
But Facebook 's popularity is growing most quickly among women older than 55 , according to a site called Inside Facebook , which tracks Facebook 's growth .
There are now about 1.5 million female users older than 55 on the site , the group says -- roughly a 550 percent increase over six months ago .
By comparison , membership among people younger than 25 grew by less than 20 percent over the same period , Inside Facebook says .
Facebook now says it has 200 million users , making its user base larger than the populations of all the world 's countries except China , India , the United States and Indonesia .
Such a vast presence , coupled with news media buzz about all social media , has pushed online social networking to a " tipping point , " said Amanda Lenhart , a senior research specialist at the Pew Internet & American Life Project .
Fogg , the Stanford instructor , said the trend has spread outward from college towns , where Facebook was first adopted , and inward from the American coasts .
Facebook today has a global presence , with 70 percent of users living outside the U.S. , the site says .
" We 've reached critical mass where there 's been enough talk about Facebook and people have gotten so many invitations from their friends , they 're going , ' OK , what is this Facebook thing ?
I 've got to get onboard or I 'm going to be left in the dust , ' " Fogg said .
Parents who are interested in their kids ' online activities contribute to the sharp increase in older users on Facebook , said Linda Fogg - Phillips , a 49 - year - old who , with her brother , co-taught a six - week class at Stanford called " Facebook for Parents . "
" Parents are finally at the point where they realize this is not going away .
They better figure out how to get on it and they 'd better figure out how to use it , " said Fogg - Phillips , who is a mother of eight in Las Vegas , Nevada .
" It 's a snowball effect .
It 's viral in a good sense . "
Older people often must overcome fears about privacy issues before they will join Facebook , Fogg - Phillips said .
Once they do , they often find unexpected uses for the network , she said .
iReport.com : Facebook , Twitter growing pains ?
That was the case for Craig Costa , a 55 - year - old fly - fishing guide in Park City , Utah , who said family members forced him to join Facebook .
Costa still finds parts of the site annoying , and is n't comfortable having his personal information made public , but he has connected with old friends he would n't have otherwise -- including his ex-wife , who now is a Facebook friend of his current wife .
" It 's been really interesting because so many people have a connection to me , " he said .
" I was married before and my wife is now talking to my ex-wife .
And some of her old friends are telling old stories about me to my wife .
It 's just bizarre for me . "
Costa said he also can more easily keep up with his 28 - year - old son , who lives in New York and also keeps a Facebook page for his dog .
Karen Essman , 61 , uses Facebook but said she has trouble convincing her peers to join social - networking sites .
They often do n't understand the interface or are afraid of scams , she said .
" It 's a little bit more difficult for older people , " she said .
Margaret Brooks , 63 , of Idaho Falls , Idaho , joined the site because there was no other place for her to see her 18 - year - old grandson 's artwork .
She asked to be his friend online , and at first she worried he would n't respond .
" I did think , ' Oh my goodness , I 'm old grandma .
He does n't want to have anything to do with grandma on Facebook , ' " she said .
" But he did , and every time I send something to him he sends something to me . "
Joanne Woeppel joined Facebook so she could keep tabs on her 13 grandkids .
But the Web site also has helped the 71 - year - old keep up with other people without changing her routine .
" I 'm pretty much what you would call a loner .
I 'm content in my own company .
I can find things to do to entertain myself that I do n't need to be out and about , " she said by phone from her three - bedroom house near Dallas , Texas .
" I do n't go out to socialize . "
A former call center worker and aspiring sci- fi author , Woeppel visits the online social network about once a day .
Spending time on Facebook , which she joined in September , helps her feel connected to family all over the country -- especially to the youngsters , she said .
She has family members who live nearby , but says she 's found a way to communicate with them in their own language through Facebook .
" Let 's face it , kids that age are n't really interested in talking to people my age very much .
It 's more , ' Hi grandma how are ya ? ... Bye ! ' " she said with a laugh .
" That 's basically what I get from my grandkids , so if I can engage them through just a little bit of chit - chat [ online ] , it 's a lot more than I can get over the phone . "
All About Facebook Inc. • Family
shameful censoring of mono opposition
Il giorno ven , 12/06/2009 alle 12.05 +0100 , Matthew Paul Thomas ha scritto : > >
Depends what you mean by " we " .
You are welcome to create a derivative > OS > that has a different default .
Yes I could fork the project ( this word is coming out too frequently in my opinion recent bug reports and mailing list posts ) but let 's not lie on the fact that reputation and popularity differences would leave the non-default google search on the screen of most of the linux users .
If people like me prefers to aggregate around ubuntu instead of creating our own fork is because it is better to join forces than to create a dead project .
The fact that I use " us " when speaking of ubuntu is because I tend to consider myself part of this community by merely acting into it , if this is not what you want you need to change your marketing about cooperation with ubuntu :)
I think that in ordinary users ( and my own ) balance of priorities that is a low priority issue .
I changed the firefox home page for my mother who would be a potential " victim " and that sufficed .
Still , it is not a Good Thing that the custom search is not advertised as such .
That 's something microsoft would do .
A phrase like " this is a google custom search [ link to longer explanation ] , using this has the following advantages for ubuntu [ link ] and means that your search query will go to the ubuntu server and return ubuntu- customised results " just below the search field would make me happy .
< acid>
It would be even nicer if the search was in Italian for Italian users like my mother who does not speak english , but that would be asking too much I suppose .</acid> > > >
People who can't tell the difference will keep using a " different " > > google , but there is not even way to get some discussion around this > >... > >
That 's incorrect :
There was a discussion on this exact issue , led by > Canonical 's COO , at UDS Jaunty .
There 's probably even a video of it at >
< http://video.ubuntu.com/uds/jaunty/Desktop/>.
When I asked , politely , on this mailing list , at least twice , more or less nobody cared to reply , and there was no way to obtain anything else than silence .
I am glad that you discussed the topic at UDS , and it is a pity that so often questions remain " in the air " on other channels .
Could you please provide a link to the outcome of that discussion ?
I am really interested in knowing what happened and I am not finding it .
Clearly this did not lead to any change in Jaunty as I just saw by restoring the default firefox page .
Also , is it possible to know who participated in such a discussion in general ?
I did n't find anything related in the following three sites https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UDSJaunty/Discussions
https://blueprints.edge.launchpad.net/sprints/uds-jaunty
https://wiki.ubuntu.com/UDSJaunty/Report
Thank you Vincenzo
Programming in Lua
This book is a detailed and authoritative introduction to all aspects of Lua programming written by Lua 's chief architect .
Programming in Lua provides a solid base to any programmer who wants to use Lua .
It covers all aspects of Lua — from the basics to its API with C .
The book is the main source of programming patterns for Lua , with numerous code examples that help the reader to make the most of Lua 's flexibility and powerful mechanisms .
The book is targeted at people with some programming background , but it does not assume any prior knowledge about Lua or other scripting languages .
When you buy a copy of this book , you help to support the Lua project .
For the official definition of the Lua language , see the reference manual .
Programming in Lua
Lua.org , August 2016
ISBN 8590379868
( also available as an by Roberto IerusalimschyLua.org , August 2016ISBN 8590379868 ( also available as an e-book
The fourth edition updates the book to Lua 5.3 and marks a complete reorganization of the text .
Building on many years of experience teaching Lua , Roberto has restructured the book to present the material in a growing order of complexity , allowing the reader to better absorb the character of the language .
The book is available at the main online stores and also as an e-book .
The third edition is aimed at Lua 5.2 and can be used with other versions .
It brings substantial new material .
All chapters include exercises , ranging from simple questions about the language to full small - size projects .
The book is available at the main online stores and also as an e-book .
Programming in Lua by Roberto Ierusalimschy
Lua.org , March 2006
ISBN 8590379825
The second edition was aimed at Lua 5.1 and remains quite relevant for later versions .
The book is still available at the main online stores .
It is also available in German , Korean , Chinese , and Japanese .
Programming in Lua by Roberto Ierusalimschy
Lua.org , December 2003
ISBN 8590379817
The first edition was aimed at Lua 5.0 and remains largely relevant for later versions , but there are some differences .
It is freely available online for personal use .
" Then leave Complaints : Fools only strive / To make a Great an honest Hive . / T ' enjoy the World 's Conveniencies , / Befamed in War , yet live in Ease / Without great Vices , is a vain / Eutopia seated in the Brain . / Fraud , Luxury , and Pride must live ;/
Whilst we the Benefits receive .
/ Hunger 's a dreadful Plague , no doubt , / Yet who digests or thrives without ? /
Do we not owe the Growth of Wine /
To the dry , crooked , shabby Vine ? /
Which , whilst its
Shutes neglected stood , / Choak 'd other Plants , and ran to Wood ; / But blest us with its Noble Fruit ; / As soon as it was tied , and cut : / So Vice is benefcial found , / When it's by Justice lopt , and bound ; / Nay , where the People would be great , / As necessary to the State , / As Hunger is to make 'em eat .
/ Bare Vertue can't make Nations live /
In Splendour ; they , that would revive / A Golden Age , must be as free , / For Acorns , as for Honesty . "
Kevin Bacon was n’t footloose enough .
The Hollywood star tried to chase down a thug who swiped his BlackBerry at a Seventh Avenue subway station Thursday , sources told The Post .
The brazen mugger managed to escape and was at large yesterday .
Now the thief is a lot less than six degrees of separation away from a coveted cache of A - list celebrities and boldface names likely programmed into Bacon ’s ‘ Berry .
The robber boldly swiped the “ Footloose ” star ’s cell at 10:50 a.m.
Thursday at the B , D and E station at 53rd Street and Seventh Avenue , sources said .
Bacon did n’t give up the BlackBerry easily .
The star took off after the crook , but lost track of him as he raced through the station ’s crowd , the sources said .
The numbers for Bacon ’s wife , Kyra Sedgwick — who plays a cunning detective on the hit TV drama “ The Closer ” — is no doubt stored in the phone , possibly along with dozens of other box - office stars who have graced the big screen with Bacon .
But this is n’t the first time Bacon was robbed .
He and Sedgwick were swindled by Ponzi- schemer Bernie Madoff , who pleaded guilty to running a $ 65 billion fraud in March .
NYC Transit officials said no subway personnel were told about the crime , although sources said Bacon did call police .
NYPD officials could n’t confirm yesterday that a report was filed concerning the robbery .
Often in cellphone robberies the device is simply resold on the street or the crook will use it himself if he has the same wireless service , law - enforcement officials said .
Bacon has long been a cultural touchstone beyond his movie career .
He is also famous as the subject of the “ Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon ” trivia game , in which players try to connect any actor to Bacon through six or fewer common co-stars .
Bacon was traveling yesterday with his band , the Bacon Brothers , and could not be reached for comment , his spokesman said .
The spokesman would n’t say whose numbers were in the phone .
Cellphones were the prime target in 37 percent of the 823 robberies committed in the subway system last year , NYPD Transit Bureau records show .
larry.celona@nypost.com
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A road sweeper is due to collect an honorary degree from Cambridge University .
Allan Brigham has been sweeping the streets for 30 years .
He is also a tour guide and historian .
He spoke to the BBC's Richard Westcott .
Craigslist may have officially shut down its Erotic Services section in favor of a less prostitution - friendly " Adult " area , but what prostitution did exist on the site is still alive and well .
Not only that , but the changes may have made the world 's oldest profession a little more dangerous for working girls , at least according to those who do business on the site .
The Erotic Services section used to be rife with listings containing nude or semi-nude pics and explicit descriptions of the available services .
To those who have ever seen it — or the back of practically any local magazine over the last several decades — it 's obvious that these listings ultimately amount to the exchange of money for sexual gratification .
The new " adult " section ( link NSFW ) barely changes this .
Instead of $ 5 to make an Erotic Services listing , those who provide adult " services " now must pay $ 10 and have each post reviewed by a Craigslist moderator before it 's posted to the site .
A quick browse through the adult section in the Chicago area shows that prostitution listings are still widely available , just with more vague , toned - down language and PG - 13 images .
The ladies ( and men , when you can find them ) who post listings here are still trying to play by the new rules despite the illegality of their profession .
We confirmed with one provider who calls herself Maureen that her " erotic massage " services listed in Adult is really just a code for a whole menu of sex acts .?
Maureen says that there are n't any real checks in place under the new system — Craigslist merely charges more per listing and takes longer to post them to the site .
" You just can't say what you offer anymore ; now everything is offered through massage service , " she told Ars .
A random ( not Maureen's ) listing from Craigslist 's new Adult section
Maureen has bigger things to worry about than Craigslist forcing her to change her wording , however .
" The changes have really scared clients , " she said .
" People are scared that there is a cop behind every post .
It has changed the type of clients from businessmen to back down to the blue collar worker that you can't really count on . "
Maureen went on to insist that some of these new clients ?
are n't just flaky — they also do n't seem as uniformly safe as the buttoned - down business types .
" I do feel like it 's more unsafe , " she concluded .
That has n't stopped Maureen and other providers from posting , though .
For those who do n't want to play by the rules , a spin into Casual Encounters ( a part of the site for boring old plebes like you and me to hook up ) shows that other prostitutes have merely moved their offers for " french lessons " and the like to the free , unmoderated part of the site .
Let 's put it this way : if you find a listing that mentions services in exchange for roses , you should plan on dropping by the ATM , not the flower store , before meeting up .
( Maureen admitted that she has tried making listings in Casual Encounters as well . )
In the end , the change 's lack of real impact suggests that the legal posturing over Craigslist and prostitution is more about PR and less about actually reducing prostitution or keeping anyone safe .
Craigslist CEO
Jim Buckmaster recently pointed out that the site has been working hard to come to an agreeable solution with law enforcement while other sites have been running willy nilly with their obvious prostitution ads , yet almost 100 percent of the legal threats have been towards Craigslist alone .
And , even then , the prostitutes are still finding ways around the new restrictions — rules be damned .
Waterboarding , Interrogations : The CIA's $ 1,000 a Day Specialists
New Focus on Two Retired Military Psychologists Called the ' Architects ' of the CIA 's Techniques
As the secrets about the CIA 's interrogation techniques continue to come out , there 's new information about the frequency and severity of their use , contradicting an 2007 ABC News report , and a new focus on two private contractors who were apparently directing the brutal sessions that President Obama calls torture .
According to current and former government officials , the CIA 's secret waterboarding program was designed and assured to be safe by two well - paid psychologists now working out of an unmarked office building in Spokane , Washington .
Bruce Jessen and Jim Mitchell , former military officers , together founded Mitchell Jessen and Associates .
Both men declined to speak to ABC News citing non-disclosure agreements with the CIA .
But sources say Jessen and Mitchell together designed and implemented the CIA 's interrogation program .
Click here to see Jessen refusing to talk to ABC News .
" It 's clear that these psychologists had an important role in developing what became the CIA 's torture program , " said Jameel Jaffer , an attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union .
Click here to see Mitchell refusing to talk to ABC News .
Former U.S. officials say the two men were essentially the architects of the CIA 's 10 - step interrogation plan that culminated in waterboarding .
Associates say the two made good money doing it , boasting of being paid a $ 1,000 a day by the CIA to oversee the use of the techniques on top al Qaeda suspects at CIA secret sites .
" The whole intense interrogation concept that we hear about , is essentially their concepts , " according to Col. Steven Kleinman , an Air Force interrogator .
Both Mitchell and Jessen were previously involved in the U.S. military program to train pilots how to survive behind enemy lines and resist brutal tactics if captured .
Mitchell and Jessen Lacked Experience in Actual Interrogations
But it turns out neither Mitchell nor Jessen had any experience in conducting actual interrogations before the CIA hired them .
" They went to two individuals who had no interrogation experience , " said Col. Kleinman .
" They are not interrogators . "
The new documents show the CIA later came to learn that the two psychologists ' waterboarding " expertise " was probably " misrepresented " and thus , there was no reason to believe it was " medically safe " or effective .
The waterboarding used on al Qaeda detainees was far more intense than the brief sessions used on U.S. military personnel in the training classes .
" The use of these tactics tends to increase resistance on the part of the detainee to cooperating with us .
So they have the exact opposite effect of what you want , " said Sen. Carl Levin ( D - Mich ) .
The new memos also show waterboarding was used " with far greater frequency than initially indicated " to even those in the CIA .
Abu Zubaydah was water boarded at least 83 times and Khalid Sheikh Mohamed at least 183 times .
Former CIA Officer John Kiriakou Says Waterboarding is Torture
That contradicts what former CIA officer John Kiriakou , who led the Zubaydah capture team , told ABC News in 2007 when he first revealed publicly that waterboarding had been used .
He said then , based on top secret reports he had access to , that Zubaydah had only been water boarded once and then freely talked .
Kiriakou now says he too was stunned to learn how often Zubaydah was waterboarded , in what Kiriakou says was clearly torture .
" When I spoke to ABC News in December 2007 I was aware of Abu Zubaydah being waterboarded on one occasion , " said Kiriakou .
" It was after this one occasion that he revealed information related to a planned terrorist attack .
As I said in the original interview , my information was second - hand .
I never participated in the use of enhanced techniques on Abu Zubaydah or on any other prisoner , nor did I witness the use of such techniques . "
A federal judge in New York is currently considering whether or not to make public the written logs of the interrogation sessions .
The tapes were destroyed by the CIA , but the written logs still exist , although the CIA is fighting their release .
A CIA spokesperson declined to comment for this report , except to note that the agency 's terrorist interrogation program was guided by legal opinions from the Department of Justice .
Matthew Cole is a freelance national security reporter .
His book , about the CIA rendition program , will be published later this year by Simon & Schuster .
This post has been updated .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
Walking through their lowing herd of several hundred cattle , Ali and Kenny Petersen were like two Gullivers on a Lilliputian roundup .
The half - sized cows barely reached Kenny ’s waist .
The ranch ’s border collie stared eye - to - eye with wandering calves .
“ Are n’t they sweet ? ” asked Ali , 52 , shooing Half - Pint , Buttercup and a dozen other cattle across a holding pen .
“ They ’re my babies , every little one of them . ”
The Petersens once raised normal - sized bovines on this stretch of Nebraska ’s rolling eastern grasslands , but with skyrocketing feed costs , the couple decided to downsize .
Advertisement
They bought minicows -- compact cattle with stocky bodies , smaller frames and relatively tiny appetites .
Their miniature Herefords consume about half that of a full - sized cow yet produce 50 % to 75 % of the rib-eyes and fillets , according to researchers and budget - conscious farmers .
“ We get more sirloin and less soup bone , ” Ali said .
“ People used to look at them and laugh .
Now , they want to own them . ”
In the last few years , ranchers across the country have been snapping up mini Hereford and Angus calves that fit in a person ’s lap .
Farmers who raise mini Jerseys brag how each animal provides 2 to 3 gallons of milk a day , though they complain about having to crouch down on their knees to reach the udders .
Advertisement
“ Granny always said I prayed for my milk , ” said Tim O’Donnell , 53 , who milks his 15 miniature Jerseys twice a day on his farm in Altamont , Ill .
Minicows are not genetically engineered to be tiny , and they ’re not dwarfs .
They are drawn from original breeds brought to the U.S. from Europe in the 1800s that were smaller than today ’s bovine giants , said Ron Lemenager , professor of animal science at Purdue University in West Lafayette , Ind .
The Petersens ’ mini Herefords , with their white faces and rounded auburn - hued bodies , weigh in at a dainty 500 to 700 pounds , compared with 1,300 pounds or more for their heftier brethren .
Big cows emerged as a product of the 1950s and ‘ 60s , when farmers were focused on getting more meat and did n’t fret as much about the efficient use of animal feed or grasslands .
Advertisement
“ Feed prices were relatively cheap , and grazing lands were accessible , ” Lemenager said .
“ The plan was to get more meat per animal .
But it went way too far .
The animals got too big and eat so much . ”
Today , there ’s little room for inefficiency on a modern farm , and that has led some farmers to consider minicows .
It has n’t been an easy transition .
When the Petersens bought their first dozen animals in the mid-1990s , friends told them they ’d lost their minds .
Some ranchers said they ’d have trouble selling consumers on their mini-steaks .
Even their youngest daughter was reluctant to show them at 4 - H livestock contests when she was younger .
“ I got tired of people sneering and hearing the jokes , ” said Kristie Petersen , now 23 .
Advertisement
But gradually , a mini - boom in minicows took hold .
Today , there are more than 300 miniature - Hereford breeders in the U.S. , up from fewer than two dozen in 2000 .
And there are about 20,000 minicows , compared with fewer than 5,000 a decade ago , according to the International Miniature Cattle Breeds Registry .
Still , the animals represent a minor portion of the 94.5 million head of cattle in the U.S. this year , according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture .
Here in Tekamah , a farming village of 1,900 about 40 miles north of Omaha , the Petersens ’ phone steadily rings with tour requests and orders for live animals .
The couple have sold animals from the farm ’s 300 - head herd to cattlemen from Indiana , a pair of bull riders in Texas and a retired couple moving to Missouri .
Advertisement
John Dunham came shopping recently for his 80 - year - old father , who raises livestock in South Dakota ’s Black Hills .
His dad ’s farm has been struggling to stay profitable .
“ I ’m thinking about sneaking a few of them onto the farm , ” said Dunham , 50 .
“ Maybe he ’ll think his eyes are playing tricks on him . ”
The minicows have been a perfect fit with another trend in farm efficiency -- the move to ranchettes , smaller operations run by families or small groups of workers .
The number of smaller farms has boomed in recent years , growing to nearly 700,000 in 2007 from 580,000 in 2002 , according to the latest census by the Department of Agriculture .
“ When you have a back four , instead of a back 40 [ acres ] , you need to think small , ” said Carolyn Peevler , 60 , who runs the Mini Moo Farm in Veedersburg , Ind .
Advertisement
She and her husband , Mark , used to raise goats on their 59 - acre farm , but they switched to minicows last year because “ we figured they ’d be easier to handle as we got older . ”
They soon realized they had more field than cattle ; one animal needed less than an acre for grazing .
Because the minicows could be grass fed , the couple were spending at least half the amount on feed than they would have on regular - sized animals .
The minicows also reached their mature weight faster , so they could be sold for meat sooner .
The Peevlers have built their herd up to 16 .
One steer provides enough beef to fill the couple ’s freezer for a year .
Carolyn Peevler also considers them “ green ” red meat :
They cause less wear and tear on her pasture land and fences and , she said with a laugh , they emit less methane gas .
“ I ’m 5 - foot - 2 , and a regular cow is just too much animal for me , ” Peevler said .
“ Besides , these are adorable . ”
Advertisement
Their size does have some drawbacks for farmers , who ’ve learned they must also scale down their operations .
Richard Gradwohl , a minicow farmer in Kent , Wash. , installed partitions in his 24 - foot - long trailer to prevent the animals from getting jostled too much .
He also got feed troughs and water tanks that sat a foot off the ground because the old ones were too tall .
Even his fencing had to be modified .
“ You ’d be surprised how small a space they can get under , ” said Gradwohl , who has written a beginner ’s guide for minicow owners .
Martha Mintun and her partner , Fred Joosse , switched to a female veterinarian after they found that the hands of male vets were too large to examine pregnant minicows .
Advertisement
They also had a tough time finding collars for ID tags small enough to stay put on their calves .
So the owners of the Sonoma Little Cattle Co. in Santa Rosa , Calif. , went to a pet store and bought dog collars .
“ It was n’t until later that we realized they had tiny hamburger and hot dog designs on them , ” Mintun said .
But no big adjustments have been necessary for student 4 - H groups , which have embraced the smaller breeds because they are cheaper to raise and easier to handle .
State fairs have expanded their lineups to include miniature classes .
There are even rodeos for kids and their wee bucking bulls :
The Stephens County Fair & Expo in Duncan , Okla. , will host the Mini Bucking Bulls World Finals next month , when 45 riders , ages 7 to 14 , will vie for $ 9,500 and a rhinestone - encrusted belt buckle the size of a tea cup .
The 4 - H minicows are a far cry from the full - sized black bull Kristie Petersen had showed when she was in high school .
The animal weighed nearly 2,000 pounds .
Kristie , with a slender dancer ’s frame , barely clears 5 - foot - 2 when she ’s standing tall .
Advertisement
She gritted her teeth when the bull dragged her across the barn .
Now , she shows the family ’s minicows at state fairs with pride .
But she does try to give the animals a bit of a pep talk before they enter the barn .
“ They cower a little bit when they spot those big bulls , ” she said , patting the head of Stud , her mini Hereford bull .
“ But really , who would n’t ? ”
--
Advertisement
p.j.huffstutter@latimes.com
I provide pragmatic views from the ground level .
Do n't get lost in theory , let 's build great things !
Discovering the human side of software : building , testing , managing and learning .
There are a lot of fusion experiments going on in the world that do n't get much publicity .
Among these is Polywell Fusion .
All you see in the papers is the billions spent on ITER or the billions spent on Laser Fusion .
Small projects like Polywell where the spending is in millions and where the prospects for viability are near , near term ( years vs decades ) do n't seem to attract much attention from the giants of the media .
I have been studying the Polywell Fusion Reactor intensively since November of 2006 when I first saw a video of Robert Bussard , the inventor of the Polywell Fusion Reactor , giving a talk to Google .
The talk is about an hour and a half long and is full of physics , engineering technical details , and prospects for the future if the device works .
However , there is a much shorter video done by Daily Kos poster Roger Fox which gives a good overview of the technology .
The video is not technically correct in every detail but it does give a good look for those of you short on physics , math , and engineering .
As you can see this project transcends politics .
I 'm from the right side of the political spectrum with a rather libertarian orientation .
Roger of course is from the left .
Roger and I may disagree on many things but Polywell is not one of them .
There are also other resources out there .
Tom Ligon , a noted science fiction author , who worked with Dr. Bussard wrote a piece for Analog Science Fiction magazine on the Polywell reactor which you can access here .
Tom also did a series of videos about Polywell and his work with Dr. Bussard .
You can also visit my IEC Fusion Technology blog which has news , technical discussions , and numerous useful links on the sidebar .
That is the technology and some history .
What are the prospects ?
Since Dr Bussard died in October of 2007 , Rick Nebel has been running the research for the US Navy that is going on at Bussard 's Company , EMC2 , in New Mexico .
EMC2 has just recently gotten a new contract from the US Navy to continue its research on a new experiment that will be called WB - 8 .
The funding was done under the auspices of the America Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 .
So it turns out not all that money may be wasted after all .
Out of the $ 787 billion in funds that is projected to be spent something like $ 2 million or so may actually do something very useful .
Rick Nebel has had a couple of things to say about the prospects of the device and the results of the experiments to this point :
" There 's nothing in there that suggests this will not work , " Nebel said .
" That 's a very different statement from saying that it will work . "
And that is very true .
These experiments are no sure thing .
As Albert Einstein said , " If we knew what it was we were doing , it would not be called research , would it ? "
And what else has Rick said about his work ?
I believe we will know the answer for the Polywell in ~ 1.5 - 2 years .
I have n't looked at MSimons design , but I know he has a lot of good ideas .
We 'll probably take a closer look at D - D reactors over the next 2 years .
001.txt 2873
Oiling , from Pyros The Leprechaun ( August 31 , 2001 ) 002.txt 3244
How to Make Smoke Bombs if You Don't Own a Mobile Laboratory , by Pyros The Leprechaun ( August 31 , 2001 ) 10trash.
txt 1713
10 Ways to Completely Trash Someone 's Property , by Mantis ( July , 2003 ) 123vbs.vir 3988
How to Make a VBS ( Visual Basic Script ) Virus by Sick66 ( August 15 , 2000 ) 1 killerhigh.txt 4788
A California High , by Diabolus ( November 27 , 2001 ) 2001.txt 349098
Soren Greenwood 's Conspiracy Theory to Explain all Other Conspiracy Theories ( January 10 , 2001 ) 20thviruses.txt 22781
The 20th Century : Computer Virus History , by Paranoidxe ( April 21 , 2004 ) 256sysclr.txt 2180
Adding 256 Colors to Systray , by ParanoidXE ( 2003 ) 2kboot.txt 2728
Replacing the Windows 2000 Boot Screen , by ParanoidXE ( May 17 , 2002 ) 2 killerhigh.txt 3607
The New Jersey High , by Abstracted ( November 28 , 2001 ) 2ktips.txt 97168
Windows 2000 Tips and Tricks , by ParanoidXE ( December 17 , 2003 ) 2waymir.txt 5009
How to Make a Two - Way Mirror , by ZERO ( October 14 , 2001 ) 3 scams.txt 2639
3 Cool Scams by Dizzie ( 1999 ) 508752.txt 5356
The 508 - 852 Wardial Report , by NO CARRIER ( December 25 , 2002 ) 5steplockp.txt 3401
A 5 Step Guide to Making Lock Picks with Household Items , by Steve R. ( July 21 , 2006 ) 800326carrier.txt 6839
The 1-800-326-XXX Scan List , by NO CARRIER ( March 26 , 2003 ) 80040100xx.txt 6003
A Scan of 800 - 401-00 xx by Jenn ( 2001 ) 80055500xx.txt 6315
A Scan of 1-800-555-00XX by Jenn ( 1997 ) 80055500xx2.txt 6610
A Scan of 800 - 555-00 xx by Jenn ( June 12 , 2001 ) 919439scan.txt 1988
A Scan of 919-493-99xx by Against Me! ( January 17 , 2004 ) 98install.txt 2956
A Windows 98 Installation Guide by ParanoidXE ( 2003 ) 9satan.txt 6179
The Nine Satanic Statements and Sins ( May , 2004 ) 9xtcpip.txt 968
Reinstalling TCP / IP under Windows 95/98 , by ParanoidXE ( April 12 , 2003 ) ablabap.txt 32190
A Broad Look at American and British Phreaking , by DUO_PROS ( Happy McSmith ) ( February , 2005 ) abortion .
txt 3814
A Few Random Thoughts on Abortion ( February , 2009 ) acbhistory .
txt 5339
The History of the Internet 's Anarchist Cookbook , by Zero ( November 18 , 2001 ) ad1100 whack.txt 11212
The Apex AD1100W Region / MV Hack , by ParanoidXE ( January 22 , 2003 ) aer.
txt 769
Fun With an Aerosol Can , Part 1 of Maybe 2 , by Paco ( April 2 , 2004 ) airkaos.
txt 1744
How to Make Airplane Rides Fun , by Sheer Black ( July , 2003 ) alabamsonm.txt 2473
Alabama Son to Alabama Mother ( Response to " Letter from Alabama Mom to Alabama Son " ) ( June 23 , 2009 ) alcohol.txt 21622
Homemade Alcohol Version 2 by Zero ( June 22 , 2011 ) amazingmemories .txt 5070
Amazing Memories , by Scott Morrow , from Maritime Computer Connections Magazine 9September , 1996 ) ammo.txt 3417
How to Properly Care for Ammo in South Africa , by Adamantium ( February , 2000 ) anarchy .
txt 8560
Cola Presents : Fred the Elite Hacker Versus Ronald McDonald ( March 6 , 2000 ) anarchytoday.
txt 1542
Anarchy of Today , by Pyromania ( October 10 , 2004 ) anarchytruth.txt 10188
The Truth of Being an Anarchist : What All Should Know , by Unknwon ( February 6 , 2004 ) anarchyutopia.txt 6969
The Anarchist Utopia ( May , 2004 ) anitrate.
txt 982
Amonium Nitrate Noise Maker : by MaDDaX annoyneigh.txt 1871
Dealing with Annoying Neighbors , by Sweeper09 ( August 25 , 2009 ) anthrax .
txt 2601
Anthrax Information , by SamDaMan ( October 11 , 2001 ) antiantimuslim.txt 5848
Anti AntiMuslims , by Jez Hunter ( Stable Eyes ) ( January 16 , 2006 ) antiavtech .
txt 11762
Anti-AV Techniques for Batch by cOrRuPt G3n3t!x ( 2009 ) antimuslims - redux.
txt 8634
The Author of " Message to Muslums " writes in , years later .
( May , 2014 ) antimuslims .
txt 5903
Message for Muslims , an Anti-Muslim Rant by Mantis ( Stan Walker ) ( July 24 , 2003 ) antimuslimsrebut.txt 2098
Rebuttal to Antimuslims.txt : We are Not , by Scrolllock ( August 24 , 2004 ) antipiracy .
txt 9378
Anti-Piracy Fixed by Real Internet People , by Pyromania ( May , 2005 ) aodvol1.txt 44282
Anarchy or Death Volume 1 ( March 1 , 2014 ) : w apple2gscracks.txt 53158
Apple IIgs Cracks by Brian A. Troha ( February , 2014 ) apsara.
txt 398506
Ouroboros : The Snake Eats Its Own Tail , or What Goes Around Comes Around , by Andy Thomas ( 2007 ) article1.txt 6046
How to Have Fun at Night ( Anarchy Style ) by Shadow Wolf ( September 15 , 1999 ) article2.txt 2295
How to Make Napalm , by Shadow Wolf ( September 15 , 1999 ) article3. txt 2638
How to Make a CO2 Bomb , by Shadow Wolf ( September 15 , 1999 ) article4.txt 1361
Stay Out of My Way ! by Shadow Wolf ( September 15 , 1999 ) article5.txt 2049
Who the Hell is Shadow Wolf ?
By Shadow Wolf ( September 15 , 1999 ) assassinate.txt 8214
The Handbook of Assassination v1.0 by Acidous ( October 11 , 2002 ) atschool.txt 4968
Just a Bit More Fun at School , by Avatar autofirebomb.txt 4576
Making an Autofire Bomb by Strych9 Milksheikh ( May , 2005 ) autofirebomb2.txt 4878
The Revised Autofire Bomb , by Strych9 Milksheikh ( July 1 , 2005 ) autopsy .
txt 45461
Autopy of Two Successful Intrusions , by Floydman ( August 30 , 2001 ) avoid.
txt 3265
How to Avoid the Police in the UK , by TikTaq ( April 4 , 2001 ) avschoolfun.txt 4938
The Avatar Presents : Just a Bit More Fun At School ( September 21 , 2001 ) awesomepayloads.txt 14284
Awesome Batch Payloads by cOrRuPt G3n3t !x ( 2009 ) badging .
txt 961
Car Badges , by The Phantom of Cars ( February , 2005 ) balloon .
txt 707
Making a Magic Balloon , by Dizzie bannerhack.
txt 384
Taking Banners
Off of your Free Webpages , by 007 ( February 20 , 2002 ) barcode .
txt 2065
The Bar Code Scam , by Insane Killa ( July 7 , 2003 ) barcodes.
txt 7528
The Bar Codes , by Anonymous ( Conspiracy ) ( March 10 , 2000 ) basicviruses .
txt 16388
The Basic Concepts of PC Viruses , by paranoidxe ( April 22 , 2004 ) bassguitar .
txt 4309
A Simple Guide for Learning to Play Bass Guitar or Regular Guitar , by Beigebox ( December 24 , 2003 ) batch.
txt 3077
Arrays in Batch Files by Jakash3 ( December , 2009 ) batchirc.txt 13781
Batch IRC / Outlook Spreading by cOrRuPt G3n3t!x ( 2009 ) batchmemory .txt 14315
Meanderings : Theory on Batch Memory Residency Techniques by cOrRuPt G3n3t!x ( 2009 ) batchprank.txt 566
Batch File : The Batch Prank , by Cleptice ( June 11 , 2003 ) batchstartup.txt 9158
Tutorial : Batch Startup Techniques by cOrRuPt G3n3t!x ( 2009 ) batchtheory .
txt 8636
Meanderings : Theory on Batch Keylogging by cOrRuPt G3n3t!x ( 2009 ) battleroyale.txt 137844
BATTLE ROYALE by Kenji Fukasaku : Translation of text from subtitles by Gregory Pietcsh ( November , 2008 ) battleroyale2.txt 144449
BATTLE ROYALE by Kenji Fukasaku : Translation of text from subtitles by Gregory Pietcsh ( March , 2009 ) batviri.
txt 4432
How to Make a Bat Virus by SKK66 batviri2.txt 2554
A Batch File Virus for Windows 9X/2000 / ME/XP , by 007 ( February 20 , 2002 ) bbgun.
txt 4594
A Homemade BBS Gun by Mearl Man ( April , 2003 ) bbmhak.txt 7173
The Big Book of Modern Mischief by Hakka ( February 9 , 2003 ) bbsing .
txt 9480
The Lost Art of BBSing , by Mob Boss ( April 2000 ) bbslist .
txt 1607
A Hacking / Phreaking BBS List , by Mob Boss ( June 2000 ) bc- newsletter - 1.txt 14408
LOS ANGELES ( MarketWatch ) -- Indian operations - outsourcing and software giant Infosys Technologies Ltd. plans to join its rivals by moving some of its business to Brazil , according to an Indian press report early Monday .
The new Brazilian software - development and back - office center is expected start operations within next the three to four months , with about 100 employees , the Economic Times reported , citing its interview with Infosys Chief Financial Officer V. Balakrishnan .
It 's normal for BitTorrent users to be a tiny bit paranoid , since their activities are n't always popular with everyone .
But imagine musing via
Twitter that your favorite movie is n't on torrent sites yet and the next thing you know the studio is in direct contact with you , asking you not to pirate the movie - and giving you a free ticket in return .
Most people sharing files on the Internet are aware that at any time they could be being monitored by any number of anti-piracy companies , investigators or lobby groups .
There can be little doubt that file - sharing forums and sites around the world are being watched to a greater or less extent for the purpose of keeping tabs on piracy .
And you can safely bet that the RIAA , IFPI and MPAA will read this article , just as you are .
But what if a throwaway comment about torrents via Twitter was enough to put a movie studio in direct contact with you in a matter of minutes ?
This is what happened to photographer , writer and Twitter user Amanda Music , as she wondered ;
Ugh WHY IS ADVENTURELAND NOT ON TORRENTS YET ?
Amanda told TorrentFreak , “ My friends and I usually wait to download cams of movies .
We have yet to find one for Adventureland .
So I was Tweeting about it .
My friends were too though , but I guess they did n’t put torrent & Adventureland in the same sentence . ”
It seems these keywords were being monitored by Hollywood studio Miramax , presumably to find out quickly when their movie hits the web .
But instead , Miramax actually responded to Amanda and asked her not to use BitTorrent to get the movie ;
Cmon Amanda , do n’t do it .
#adventureland #fbi
“ Miramax found my Tweet through a search and told me not to do it .
In a nice way , ” Amanda told Torrent Freak .
“ I had already looked for the torrent and did n’t find one so I decided to reply and say that I would n’t download it .
I was joking in a way . ”
Amanda replied to Miramax , “ Okay I wo n’t , JUST FOR YOU , ” but to her surprise they responded again .
And Miramax were true to their word – almost .
They provided Amanda with a code for a single free ticket and since Amanda is currently in New York City , she will go see Adventureland today .
“ I was pretty surprised about it , ” explained Amanda .
“ I could n’t find a working Adventureland torrent anyway . ”
thanks to iheartmovies
In Kenya , over 100,000 city slum dwellers will be evicted without resettlement
according to a program developed to clean Nairobi ’s River Basin , says an international non governmental organization .
Amnesty International says hundreds of protesters demanded attention to slum development as the government was announcing is over eleven billion dollar budget plan .
In previous years , post election has left over a thousand people dead in the slums of Nairobi , Kenya .
Citation : Gagnon M- A , Lexchin J ( 2008 ) The Cost of Pushing Pills : A New Estimate of Pharmaceutical Promotion Expenditures in the United States .
PLoS Med 5 ( 1 ) : e1 .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pmed.0050001
Published : January 3 , 2008 Copyright : © 2008 Gagnon and Lexchin .
This is an open - access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License , which permits unrestricted use , distribution , and reproduction in any medium , provided the original author and source are credited .
Funding :
The authors received no specific funding for this article .
Competing interests :
The authors have declared that no competing interests exist .
Abbreviations : AWP , average wholesale price ; PhRMA , Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America ; R&D , research and development
In the late 1950s , the late Democratic Senator Estes Kefauver , Chairman of the United States Senate 's Anti-Trust and Monopoly Subcommittee , put together the first extensive indictment against the business workings of the pharmaceutical industry .
He laid three charges at the door of the industry : ( 1 ) Patents sustained predatory prices and excessive margins ; ( 2 ) Costs and prices were extravagantly increased by large expenditures in marketing ; and ( 3 ) Most of the industry 's new products were no more effective than established drugs on the market [ 1 ] .
Kefauver 's indictment against a marketing - driven industry created a representation of the pharmaceutical industry far different than the one offered by the industry itself .
As Froud and colleagues put it , the image of life - saving “ researchers in white coats ” was now contested by the one of greedy “ reps in cars ” [ 2 ] .
The outcome of the struggle over the image of the industry is crucial because of its potential to influence the regulatory environment in which the industry operates .
Fifty years later , the debate still continues between these two depictions of the industry .
The absence of reliable data on the industry 's cost structures allows partisans on both sides of the debate to cite figures favorable to their own positions .
The amount of money spent by pharmaceutical companies on promotion compared to the amount spent on research and development is at the heart of the debate , especially in the United States .
A reliable estimate of the former is needed to bridge the divide between the industry 's vision of research - driven , innovative , and life - saving pharmaceutical companies and the critics ' portrayal of an industry based on marketing - driven profiteering .
IMS , a firm specializing in pharmaceutical market intelligence , is usually considered to be the authority for assessing pharmaceutical promotion expenditures .
The US General Accounting Office , for example , refers to IMS numbers in concluding that “ pharmaceutical companies spend more on research and development initiatives than on all drug promotional activities ” [ 3 ] .
Based on the data provided by IMS [ 4 ] , the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America ( PhRMA ) , an American industrial lobby group for research - based pharmaceutical companies , also contends that pharmaceutical firms spend more on research and development ( R&D ) than on marketing : US $ 29.6 billion on R&D in 2004 in the US [ 5 ] as compared to US $ 27.7 billion for all promotional activities .
[ 4 ]
In this paper , we make the case for the need for a new estimate of promotional expenditures .
We then explain how we used proprietary databases to construct a revised estimate and finally , we compare our results with those from other data sources to argue in favor of changing the priorities of the industry .
The Case for a New Estimate of Pharmaceutical Promotion
There are many concerns about the accuracy of the IMS data .
First , IMS compiles its information through surveys of firms , creating the possibility that companies may systematically underestimate some of their promotional costs to enhance their public image .
Second , IMS does not include the cost of meetings and talks sponsored by pharmaceutical companies featuring either doctors or sales representatives as speakers .
The number of promotional meetings has increased dramatically in recent years , going from 120,000 in 1998 to 371,000 in 2004 [ 6 ] .
In 2000 , the top ten pharmaceutical companies were spending just under US $ 1.9 billion on 314,000 such events [ 7 ] .
Third , IMS does not include the amount spent on phase IV “ seeding ” trials , trials designed to promote the prescription of new drugs rather than to generate scientific data .
In 2004 , 13.2 % ( US$ 4.9 billion ) of R&D expenditures by American pharmaceutical firms was spent on phase IV trials [ 5 ] .
Almost 75 % of these trials are managed solely by the commercial , as opposed to the clinical , division of biopharmaceutical companies , strongly suggesting that the vast majority of these trials are done just for their promotional value [ 8 ] .
Finally , IMS data seem inconsistent with estimates based on the information in the annual reports of pharmaceutical companies .
For example , in an accounting study based on the annual reports of ten of the largest global pharmaceutical firms , Lauzon and Hasbani showed that between 1996 and 2005 , these firms globally spent a total of US $ 739 billion on “ marketing and administration . ”
In comparison , these same firms spent US $ 699 billion in manufacturing costs , US $ 288 billion in R&D , and had a net investment in property and equipment of US $ 43 billion , while receiving US $ 558 billion in profits [ 9 ] .
Annual reports , however , have their own limitations .
First , pharmaceutical firms are multinational and diversified ; their annual reports provide no information on how much they spend on pharmaceutical marketing , as compared to the marketing of their non-pharmaceutical products , and they do not provide information about how much is spent on marketing specifically in the US .
Second , annual reports merge the categories of “ marketing ” and “ administration , ” without delineating the relative importance of each .
Finally , “ marketing ” is a category that includes more than just promotion ; it also includes the costs of packaging and distribution .
In terms of offering a more precise estimate of overall expenditures on pharmaceutical promotion in the US , annual reports are thus far from satisfactory .
In the absence of any collection of information on promotional spending by government or any other noncommercial source , the market research company IMS has long been the only source of such information , which it gains by surveying pharmaceutical firms .
Since 2003 , however , the market research company CAM has been providing comprehensive information on promotion expenditures by surveying doctors instead of firms .
( In July 2005 , CAM was merged into the Cegedim Group , another market research company . )
We chose to compare IMS data to those produced by CAM in order to provide a more accurate estimate of promotional spending in the US .
Other proprietary sources of data do not break down promotional expenditures into different categories and therefore were not used in our comparison .
Methods According to its Web site ( http://www.imshealth.com/), IMS provides business intelligence and strategic consulting services for the pharmaceutical and health care industries .
It is a global company established in more than 100 countries .
IMS gathers data from 29,000 data suppliers at 225,000 supplier sites worldwide .
It monitors 75 % of prescription drug sales in over 100 countries , and 90 % of US prescription drug sales .
It tracks more than 1 million products from more than 3,000 active drug manufacturers .
IMS data for 2004 were obtained from its
Web site for the amount spent on : visits by sales representatives ( detailing ) , samples , direct - to - consumer advertising , and journal advertising .
The Cegedim Web site ( http://www.cegedim-crm.com/index.php?id=12) describes CAM as a global company dedicated to auditing promotional activities of the pharmaceutical industry , established in 36 countries worldwide .
CAM annually surveys a representative sample of 2,000 primary care physicians and 4,800 specialists in a variety of specialties in selected locations in the US .
From CAM 's newsletter [ 10 ] , we obtained access to data from CAM for the same promotion categories as from IMS .
In addition , CAM provided figures for the amount of spending on company - sponsored meetings , e-promotion , mailings , and clinical trials .
We used 2004 as the comparison year because it was the latest year for which information was available from both organizations .
We focused on the US because it is the only country for which information is available for all important promotional categories .
The US is also , by far , the largest market for pharmaceuticals in the world , representing around 43 % of global sales [ 11,12 ] and global promotion expenditures [ 10,13 ] .
We asked both CAM and IMS about the procedures that they used to collect information on different aspects of promotion .
Based on the answers we received , we determined the relevant figures for expenditures for samples and detailing .
Each author independently decided on which values should be used , based on an understanding of the methods that the companies used to collect the information and the limitations of those methods .
Differences were resolved by consensus .
We queried CAM and IMS about the estimated value of unmonitored promotional expenditures .
IMS did not provide an answer to this question .
In order to validate its estimates , CAM relies on a validation committee that includes representatives from various pharmaceutical firms , including Merck , Pfizer , Bristol - Myers Squibb , Eli Lilly , Aventis , Sanofi - Synthelabo , AstraZeneca , and Wyeth .
Under a confidentiality agreement , the firms supply CAM with internal data related to their detailing activity and promotional costs in the US .
Through the validation committee , CAM can thus compare totals obtained through its own audits with the firms ' internal data about their promotional budgets in order to evaluate if all promotion has been properly audited through its physician surveys .
As a result of this comparison , CAM 's validation committee considers that about 30 % of promotional spending is not accounted for in its figures .
CAM is unable to provide an exact breakdown of unmonitored promotion , but it believes that around 10 % is due to incomplete disclosure and omissions by surveyed physicians and the remaining 20 % comes from a combination of promotion directed at categories of physicians that are not surveyed , unmonitored journals in which pharmaceutical promotion appears , and possibly unethical forms of promotion .
We adjusted total expenditures to account for this unreported 30 % .
Results
For 2004 , CAM reported total promotional spending in the US of US $ 33.5 billion [ 10 ] , while IMS gave the figure of US $ 27.7 billion for the same year [ 4 ] .
Both CAM and IMS cited the media intelligence company CMR as the source for the amount spent on direct - to - consumer advertising ( US $ 4 billion ) , and they also gave the same figure for journal advertising ( US$ 0.5 billion ) .
There were two major differences between the two sets of figures : the amounts spent on detailing and the amounts spent on samples .
IMS estimated the amount spent on detailing at US $ 7.3 billion [ 4 ] versus US $ 20.4 billion for CAM [ 10 ] , and while IMS gave a retail value of US $ 15.9 billion for samples [ 14 ] , CAM estimated a wholesale value of US $ 6.3 billion [ 10 ] .
Using the IMS figure of US $ 15.9 billion for the retail value of samples , and adding the CAM figures for detailing and other marketing expenses after correcting for the 30 % estimate of unaccounted promotion , we arrived at US $ 57.5 billion for the total amount spent in the US in 2004 , more than twice what IMS reported ( see Table 1 ) .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Table 1 . Pharmaceutical Marketing Expenditures in the United States in 2004 : Data from IMS , CAM , and Our New Estimate https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pmed.0050001.t001
Discussion
Our revised estimate for promotional spending in the US is more than twice that from IMS .
This number compares to US $ 31.5 billion for domestic industrial pharmaceutical R&D ( including public funds for industrial R&D ) in 2004 as reported by the National Science Foundation [ 15 ] .
However , even our revised figure is likely to be incomplete .
There are other avenues for promotion that would not be captured by either IMS or CAM , such as ghostwriting [ 16 ] and illegal off - label promotion [ 17 ] .
Furthermore , items with promotional potential such as “ seeding trials ” or educational grants might be included in other budgets and would not be seen in the confidential material provided to CAM 's validation committee .
IMS and CAM data were used for comparison purposes for a number of reasons : data from both were publicly available , both operate on a global scale and are well regarded by the pharmaceutical industry , both break down their information by different categories of promotion , and , most importantly , they use different methods for gathering their data , thereby allowing us to triangulate on a more accurate figure for each category .
Methodological differences between the ways that IMS and CAM collect data will affect the values for promotional spending depending on the category being considered .
Because of the problematic nature of some data from each firm , we believe that the most precise picture of industry spending can be obtained by selectively using both sets of figures .
CAM compiles its data on the value of detailing and samples through systematic surveys of primary care providers and specialists and by estimating an average cost for each visit by a sales representative according to the type of physician .
By contrast , IMS compiles its data on the value of detailing through surveys of firms , while its data on samples are obtained by monitoring products directly from manufacturers .
There is a significant discrepancy between the two sets of data in the cost of detailing : US $ 7.3 billion for IMS and US $ 20.4 billion for CAM .
This difference can be explained by the fact that CAM offers a more complete data set since it includes in the average cost of a call ( a sales representative 's visit to a physician ) not only the “ cost to field the rep ” ( salary and benefits of the representative and the transportation cost ) but also the costs for the area and regional managers , the cost of the training , and the cost of detail aids such as brochures and advertising material .
By contrast , in reporting the cost of detailing IMS only considers the “ cost to field the rep . ”
Furthermore , relying on physician - generated data to estimate the amount spent on detailing is likely to give a more accurate figure than using figures generated by surveying firms .
Companies may not report some types of detailing , for example , the use of sales representatives for illegal off - label promotion , whereas doctors are not likely to distinguish between on - and off - label promotion and would report all encounters with sales representatives .
In the case of samples , there is also a large difference between the IMS ( US $ 15.9 billion ) and CAM ( US $ 6.3 billion ) estimates .
CAM estimates the amount spent on samples by multiplying the number of samples declared by physicians with their wholesale value .
The latter is determined by using the average wholesale price ( AWP ) , which is the amount set by manufacturers and used by Medicare in the US to determine reimbursement .
CAM then divides that amount in half to account for the fact that samples are frequently given out in small dosage forms .
CAM admits , however , that the amount for samples is understated because , when physicians fill out their survey , any quantity of samples of the same product left during a call is considered to be only one sample unit .
CAM 's calculations also rely on the AWP , which has been criticized for not taking into account the various discounts and rebates that are negotiated between manufacturers and purchasers [ 18 ] .
IMS provides exact figures for the retail value for samples by monitoring 90 % of all pharmaceutical transactions and by tracking products directly from manufacturers .
This method for calculating the value of samples is much more direct than CAM's and therefore is likely to be subject to less error .
Using the wholesale value for samples , the CAM figure would be appropriate if we were arguing that the money spent on samples should go to another activity such as R&D .
However , we have used the retail value of samples because this is consistent with companies ' reporting of drugs they donate [ 19 ] .
As these are both categories of products that are being distributed without a charge to the user , it is inconsistent for donations to be reported in terms of retail value and samples in terms of wholesale value .
We believe that it is appropriate to correct for unmonitored promotion and that the figure we used is a reliable estimate .
The 30 % correction factor is based on a direct comparison that CAM is able to make between the data it collects through its surveys and the amount reported by companies .
There are other ways of combining the data that we have presented , but with the exception of choosing the lower amounts for detailing and samples and ignoring the 30 % for unmonitored promotion , all of them yield a higher figure than the one from IMS .
Some examples of alternative estimates follow : using the CAM estimate for the wholesale value of samples and the 30 % adjustment , the total amount would be US $ 47.9 billion ; without the 30 % adjustment CAM 's estimate is US $ 33.5 billion .
Adding the figures for the categories that IMS does not cover ( meetings , e-promotion , mailing , clinical trials ) boosts its estimate to US $ 31 billion ; using the lower figures for detailing and samples plus the CAM amounts for the other categories and applying the 30 % adjustment gives an amount of US $ 29.1 billion .
Therefore , the actual amount could range from a low of US $ 27.7 billion to a high of US $ 57.5 billion .
Our analysis shows , however , that the figure of US $ 57.5 billion is the most appropriate one when using the most relevant figures for each category of promotional spending .
Excluding direct - to - consumer advertising , CAM considers that around 80 % of the remaining promotion is directed towards physicians , with 20 % of this figure going to pharmacists .
( IMS does not provide any comparable values . )
With about 700,000 practicing physicians in the US in 2004 [ 20 ] , we estimate that with a total expenditure of US $ 57.5 billion , the industry spent around US $ 61,000 in promotion per physician .
As a percentage of US domestic sales of US $ 235.4 billion [ 21 ] , promotion consumes 24.4 % of the sales dollar versus 13.4 % for R&D .
Our new estimate of total promotion costs and promotion as a percentage of sales is broadly in line with estimates of promotional or marketing spending from other sources .
The annual reports of Novartis distinguish “ marketing ” from “ administration . ”
Marcia Angell extrapolates from this annual report to the entire industry and calculates a figure of US $ 54 billion spent on pharmaceutical promotion in the US in 2001 [ 22 ] .
As a proportion of sales , she estimates 33 % is spent on marketing .
Using similar methodology , the Office of Technology Assessment derived an estimate for marketing costs in the US by extrapolating from the cost structure of Eli Lilly .
The Office of Technology Assessment considers that firms spend around 22.5 % of their sales on marketing [ 23 ] .
Based on United Nations Industrial Development Organization estimates , a report from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development estimated that , in 1989 , pharmaceutical firms globally spent 24 % of their sales on marketing [ 24 ] , but few details of the methodology used were provided , making it impossible to verify the accuracy of the estimate .
Finally , in 2006 Consumers International surveyed 20 European pharmaceutical firms to obtain more information about their exact expenditures on drug promotion .
Among the 20 firms contacted , only five agreed to provide separate figures for marketing , which ranged from 31 % to 50 % of sales depending on the firm [ 25 ] .
The results are also consistent with data on the share of revenue allocated to “ marketing and administration ” according to annual reports of large pharmaceutical companies , if we consider that the largest part of “ marketing and administration ” is devoted to promotion .
Lauzon and Hasbani found that 33.1 % of revenues was allocated to “ marketing and administration ” [ 9 ] , similar to the 31 % reported by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services [ 26 ] and the 27 % from Families USA [ 27 ] .
The value of our estimate over these others is that it is not based on extrapolating from annual reports of firms that are both diversified and multinational .
Our estimate is driven by quantifiable data from highly reliable sources and concerns only the promotion of pharmaceutical products in the US .
The derivation of our figure is thus transparent and can form the basis for a vigorous debate .
Conclusion
From this new estimate , it appears that pharmaceutical companies spend almost twice as much on promotion as they do on R&D .
These numbers clearly show how promotion predominates over R&D in the pharmaceutical industry , contrary to the industry 's claim .
While the amount spent on promotion is not in itself a confirmation of Kefauver 's depiction of the pharmaceutical industry , it confirms the public image of a marketing - driven industry and provides an important argument to petition in favor of transforming the workings of the industry in the direction of more research and less promotion .
Acknowledgments
The authors would like to thank Jean - François Duplain from CAM Group ( Canada ) , Sylvie Gaumond and Sue Cavallucci from IMS Health Canada , Lesley Shulenburg at Thomson CenterWatch , and Éric Pineault , Jean F. Gerbini , Marc Hasbani , and Marie Carpentier for their help and comments .
Robyn Beck / Agence France - Presse — Getty Images
Updated , With Latest Developments , 6:30 p.m. :
The Minnesota Supreme Court ’s declaration that Democrat Al Franken has won the state ’s hotly contested Senate seat produced nearly minute - by minute reactions and news .
Featured in the post below are the announcements by Gov. Tim Pawlenty that he would certify the election results for Mr. Franken today ; reactions from the national G.O.P. ( no congratulatory note from Chairman Michael Steele ) ; Senate Republicans on the Democrats ’ 60 - vote achievement as well as Mr. Franken ’s list of his new committee assignments , which include the Judiciary Committee .
Related article by Carl Hulse and Monica Davey .
The Minnesota Supreme Court has just issued its long - awaited judgment in the Senate race , declaring that Democrat Al Franken is the winner .
And Norm Coleman , his opponent , at 4 p.m. , announced that he had conceded and contacted Mr. Franken .
The 32 - page unanimous decision by the state ’s highest court was released after a seven - months long battle over the seat formerly held by Norm Coleman .
On every ground , the judicial panel rejected Mr. Coleman ’s claims of trial errors or constitutional violations , and decided that Mr. Franken ’s election should be certified by the state as valid .
Mr. Coleman stepped outside his home just a short while ago to give his news conference .
He indicated that he and Mr. Franken had a positive , personal talk and he told the Democrat that being senator was the “ best job he ’ll ever have . ”
The Republican ’s statement began this way : “ Ours is a government of laws , not men and women .
The Supreme Court of Minnesota has spoken and I respect its decision and will abide by the result .
It ’s time for Minnesota to come together under the leaders it has chosen and move forward .
I join all Minnesotans in congratulating our newest United States Senator – Al Franken . ”
With Mr. Coleman ’s concession , Gov. Tim Pawlenty , a Republican who had demonstrated a reluctance to certify election results until the state ’s highest court issued its ruling , announced that he would sign the certificate validating Mr. Franken ’s election to the United States Senate .
In a statement issued by his office , Mr. Pawlenty declared : “ The Minnesota Supreme Court has today addressed the issues surrounding the accuracy and integrity of our election system during the 2008 U.S. Senate race in Minnesota .
In light of that decision and Senator Coleman ’s announcement that he will not be pursuing an appeal , I will be signing the election certificate today as directed by the court and applicable law . ”
Mark Ritchie , Minnesota ’s secretary of state , also issued a statement saying : “ This unanimous opinion of the court affirms the accuracy and fairness of Minnesota ’s election laws and recount procedures .
As required by Minnesota law , I will co-sign the election certificate as soon as it is issued by Governor Tim Pawlenty . ”
Late this afternoon , Mr. Franken emerged from his home with his wife at his side , promising to get to work as soon as possible in the Senate .
“ Working with our fantastic senior Senator , Amy Klobuchar , I ’m going to fight hard to put people to work , improve education , make Minnesota the epicenter of a new renewable energy economy , and make quality health care accessible and affordable for all Minnesotans .
“ No matter whether you voted for me , or for Senator Coleman , or for Senator Barkley , or whether you voted at all , I want the people of Minnesota to know that I ’m ready to work for all of you , and that I ’m committed to being a voice for all Minnesotans in the U.S. Senate . ”
The senator - elect , who had begun hiring staff for the move awhile ago , said he had indeed spoken already to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , and he announced his committee assignments , which offer a great seat on the most high - profile issues coming up in the Senate .
Among them are the Judiciary Committee , which begins confirmation hearings for Judge Sonia Sotomayor in less than two weeks and the Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee , which is one of the leading panels on overhauling health care .
He also said he would sit on the Indian Affairs and Aging committees .
As for his timetable for assuming the new posting , he said he planned to be in Washington next week , when Congress returns from its July 4th recess .
Mr. Franken will become the Democrats ’ much coveted 60th vote .
That is the number required to avert filibusters , and with both Senators Edward M. Kennedy and Robert C. Byrd absent due to illness , the Democrats have sometimes scrambled to make sure they had lined up enough votes to overcome that obstacle , with help from a few moderate Republicans .
( My colleague Carl Hulse notes that neither side has reached the 60 - vote majority since 1978 . )
Leading Republicans on the opposing side were quick to point out what they believe should accompany the achievement of reaching that sought - after 60 - vote pinnacle .
Senator John Cornyn , the chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee , first welcomed Mr. Franken to the Senate , but added : “ The implications of this Senate race are particularly significant because the Democrats will now have 60 votes in the Senate .
With their super - majority , the era of excuses and finger - pointing is now over .
With just 59 votes , Senate Democrats in recent months have passed trillion - dollar spending bills , driven up America ’s debt , made every American taxpayer a shareholder in the auto industry and now want Washington to takeover America ’s health care system .
It ’s troubling to think about what they might now accomplish with 60 votes . ”
In its decision , the Minnesota Supreme Court upheld the rulings of the trial court , which had concluded that Mr. Franken won the election by about 312 votes .
Throughout this battle , Mr. Coleman and his lawyers have cited discarded or wrongly discredited absentee ballots as well as other miscounted votes as part of the evidence of problems with the state ’s count in this race .
But at oral arguments on June 1 , the Supreme Court judges were highly skeptical of Mr. Coleman ’s claims , on the counting grounds or constitutional grounds .
John Schwartz , our national legal affairs correspondent , attended the arguments and indicated the judges ’ questions made it fairly clear that the panel was not persuaded it should overturn the findings of the trial court , or the State Canvassing Board before that .
That was borne out in the panel ’s ruling today .
Once Mr. Coleman had conceded , the White House released this statement on behalf of President Obama : “ I look forward to working with Senator - Elect Franken to build a new foundation for growth and prosperity by lowering health care costs and investing in the kind of clean energy jobs and industries that will help America lead in the 21st century . ”
Earlier , Senator Bob Menendez , the chairman of the National Democratic Senatorial Committee , urged a resolution to the race :
“ As we ’ve seen over the past 238 days , no matter how many times Norm Coleman goes to court , the result of the election never changes : Al Franken earned more votes than Norm Coleman .
Al Franken was elected to the Senate and he ought to be able to get to work for the people of Minnesota .
We ’ve always said that Norm Coleman deserved his day in court , and he got eight months .
Now we expect Governor Pawlenty to do the right thing , follow the law , and sign the election certificate .
From health care to the Supreme Court to getting our economy moving again , the challenges facing us are complex and we need Al Franken in the Senate .
In this historic and urgent moment in our history , Minnesotans have gone long enough without full representation .
Al Franken will be an critical voice on the issues before us and it ’s time to let him get to work . ”
For their part , Republicans on the national level expressed disappointment .
Michael Steele , the chairman of the Republican National Committee , issued a statement that conspicuously offered no congratulations to Mr. Franken :
I am deeply disappointed in the decision made by the state Supreme Court , and I share the frustration of Minnesota ’s voters .
At the core of our democracy lies two concrete principles :
No valid vote should go uncounted and all votes should be treated equally .
Sadly , those principles were not adhered to during this election .
While I would have proudly stood behind Norm Coleman had he chosen to appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court , I know that his decision to withdraw from this race was not an easy one , but one that he felt was the best decision for the people of Minnesota .
For the last six years , Norm represented the people of Minnesota with distinction , earning a much deserved reputation as one of the hardest - working members of Congress .
I , on behalf of all Republicans , thank him for his service and will miss his leadership in Washington . ”
As for Mr. Coleman , he did not disclose his future plans at the news conference outside his home .
Asked whether he would run for governor of Minnesota ( Mr. Pawlenty has decided not to seek re-election ) , Mr. Coleman would only say that he was merely pondering how better to catch fish after apparently experiencing a poor catch this past weekend .
Despite what many in Minnesota viewed as a stubborn refusal to concede , Mr. Coleman said today : “ I have never believed that my service is irreplaceable .
We have reached the point where further litigation damages the unity of our state , which is also fundamental .
In these tough times , we all need to focus on the future .
And the future today is we have a new United States senator . ”
Just this morning , MSNBC ’s First Read listed several factoids that have accumulated during this fight :
Satellite images released by NASA show nearly complete destruction of Rwanda ’s Gishwati Forest between 1986 and 2001 .
Deforestation of the forest reserve is largely the result of subsistence harvesting and cultivation by refugees in the aftermath of the country ’s 1994 genocide .
Overall only 600 hectares of Gishwati ’s original 100,000 hectares of forest remain , a loss of 99.4 percent .
“ According to UNEP , the reserve ’s forests were largely intact in 1978 , and substantial forest cover still remained in 1986 .
But in the 15 years that elapsed between these images — a time that spanned the country ’s tragic genocide — wave after wave of refugees arrived in Gishwati Forest and began clearing it , often for subsistence farming , ” wrote Michon Scott and Rebecca Lindsey on NASA ’s Earth Observatory site .
“ By 2001 , only a small circular patch of native forest remained — 1,500 acres of the forest ’s original 250,000 . ”
NASA ’s Landsat 5 satellite captured the left - side image on July 19 , 1986 , while NASA ’s Landsat 7 satellite captured the right - side image on December 11 , 2001 .
Densely forested areas are deep green .
Large tea estates and plantations now occupy the park , which is located in the northwestern part of the country .
The loss of forest has carried significant environmental costs , says NASA .
“ Rwandan deforestation was driven by the need for food , medicine , charcoal , and timber , especially for commercial products .
But the loss of so many trees in a rainy , mountainous country has had severe environmental consequences , ” write Scott and Lindsey .
“ In addition to tremendous loss of biodiversity , the region experiences soil erosion and degradation and landslides . ”
Conservationists are now working to restore a corridor of native forest between Gishwati and Nyungwe Forest National Park , in southern Rwanda .
The initiative would provide connectivity for wildlife — including chimpanzees — to move between forest areas .
Related articles
Brazil ’s plan to save the Amazon rainforest
( 06/02/2009 ) Accounting for roughly half of tropical deforestation between 2000 and 2005 , Brazil is the most important supply - side player when it comes to developing a climate framework that includes reducing emissions from deforestation and forest degradation ( REDD ) .
But Brazil ’s position on REDD contrasts with proposals put forth by other tropical forest countries , including the Coalition for Rainforest Nations , a negotiating block of 15 countries .
Instead of advocating a market - based approach to REDD , where credits generated from forest conservation would be traded between countries , Brazil is calling for a giant fund financed with donations from industrialized nations .
Contributors would not be eligible for carbon credits that could be used to meet emission reduction obligations under a binding climate treaty .
Nike , Unilever , Burger King , IKEA may unwittingly contribute to Amazon destruction , says Greenpeace
( 06/01/2009 ) Major international companies are unwittingly driving the deforestation of the Amazon rainforest through their purchases of leather , beef and other products supplied from the Brazil cattle industry , alleges a new report from Greenpeace .
The report , Slaughtering the Amazon , is based on a three - year undercover investigation of the Brazilian cattle industry , which accounts for 80 percent of Amazon deforestation and roughly 14 percent of the world ’s annual forest loss .
Greenpeace found that Brazilian beef companies are important suppliers of raw materials used by leading global brands , including Adidas / Reebok , Nike , Carrefour , Eurostar , Unilever , Johnson & Johnson , Toyota , Honda , Gucci , Louis Vuitton , Prada , IKEA , Kraft , Tesco and Wal - Mart , among others .
Orangutan guerrillas fight palm oil in Borneo
( 06/01/2009 ) Despite worldwide attention and concern , prime orangutan habitat across Sumatra and Borneo continues to be destroyed by loggers and palm oil developers , resulting in the death of up to 3,000 orangutans per year ( of a population less than 50,000 ) .
Conservation groups like Borneo Orangutan Survival report rescuing record numbers of infant orangutans from oil palm plantations , which are now a far bigger source of orphaned orangutans than the illicit pet trade .
The volume of orangutans entering care centers is such that these facilities are running out of room for rescued apes , with translocated individuals sometimes waiting several months until suitable forest is found for reintroduction .
Even then they are n’t safe ; in recent months loggers have started clearing two important reintroduction sites ( forests near Bukit Tigapuluh National Park in Sumatra and Mawas in Central Kalimantan ) .
Meanwhile across half a dozen rehabilitation centers in Malaysia and Indonesia , more than 1,000 baby orangutans — their mothers killed by oil palm plantation workers or in the process of forest clearing — are being trained by humans for hopeful reintroduction into the wild , assuming secure habitat can be found .
Dismayed by the rising orangutan toll , a grassroots organization in Central Kalimantan is fighting back .
Led by Hardi Baktiantoro , the Center for Orangutan Protection ( COP ) has mounted a guerrilla - style campaign against companies that are destroying orangutan habitat in Kalimantan , the Indonesian part of Borneo .
New rainforest reserve in Congo benefits bonobos and locals
( 05/25/2009 )
A partnership between local villages and conservation groups , headed up by the Bonobo Conservation Initiative ( BCI ) , has led to the creation of a new 1,847 square mile ( 4,875 square kilometer ) reserve in the Democratic Republic of Congo ( DRC ) .
The reserve will save some of the region ’s last pristine forests : ensuring the survival of the embattled bonobo — the least - known of the world ’s four great ape species — and protecting a wide variety of biodiversity from the Congo peacock to the dwarf crocodile .
However , the Kokolopori Bonobo Reserve is worth attention for another reason : every step of its creation — from biological surveys to reserve management — has been run by the local Congolese NGO and villages of Kokolopori .
Rwanda and Burundi agree to protect rare forest area
( 09/15/2008 ) Rwanda and Burundi have agreed to protect a large tract of tropical mountain forest that is home to chimpanzees , rare owl - faced monkeys , and other wildlife .
Rwanda launches reforestation project to protect chimps , drive ecotourism
( 03/17/2008 ) conservationists in Rwanda have launched an ambitious reforestation project that aims to create a forest corridor to link an isolated group of chimpanzees to larger areas of habitat in Nyungwe National Park .
The initiative , called the Rwandan National conservation Park , is backed by the Rwandan government , the Great Ape Trust of Iowa , and Earthpark , a group seeking to build an indoor rainforest in the U.S. Midwest .
Video :
Twin body parts
Soon , we ’ll each have an alter ego on which to assess our medication regimes – so says the winner of our essay competition ( Image : John Brown / Stone )
Before long , we will each have an alter ego to assess the medication we need .
That ’s the vision of Natalia Alexandrov , winner of the New Scientist / NC3Rs “ Beyond animal research ” essay competition .
A QUIET night in December 2050 .
Small town anywhere on Earth .
In the hospital , little Peter has just made his appearance in the world .
As the happy family takes pictures of mother and baby , the thought …
Find My iPhone was one of the best things Apple showed off on Monday at WWDC — track your phone , send harassing messages , etc .
It works , but whoever pinched your iPhone can just turn off tracking right from the phone .
Advertisement
Advertisement
So , if you wanna steal your friend 's iPhone and not have them know where you absconded to , all you have to do it go into Settings , then hit Mail , Contact , Calendars and click on the MobileMe account .
Turn off Find My iPhone and all your friend will get is a little yellow warning symbol when they try to track it if the phone 's been previously located ( see above ) .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 " 8 K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Even if they 're not smart enough to dig into the MobileMe account setting , all you have to do is turn off Location Services under General settings — that also cripples Find My iPhone long enough to get it back home to wipe it out completely so it 's untraceable .
Advertisement
You can still send nastygrams to the iPhone via the service as long as the phone is still online , so presumably Remote Wipe still works as well , though neither of those will actually help find your iPhone .
Update :
Yes , this all obviously assumes they can get into your settings if you have n't passcode - locked your phone or they figure out what your passcode is .
Advertisement
Luckily , it seems like even with this massive vulnerability in the tracking feature — you know , the one the service is named after — it should still be more than enough to catch most iPhone thieves .
Advertisement
[ Blam — obviously , the service is not meant to be lojack for your phone .
What are pasty gadget geeks going to do when they find out who has their phone ?
Demand it back ?
No .
Really , its for when YOU think you 've left your phone somewhere .
Never mind the " turning it off " , thieves can wipe the phone . ]
James Yuill
File Under : indie , and I guess " folktronica " * shiver *
From : London , and south east UK
Danceable ?
yeah , at times - but maybe its just poppy ...
Official Website : jamesyuill.com
Indie ?
Folk ?
Electronica ? Folktonica ???
I hate the any new catch phrase that attempts to blend two genres ...
But alas .. we 'll just leave it at that and move on to the real star of this point .
James Yuill .
The London and apparently Southeast UK Singer / Songwritter - James Yuill , is not afraid to mix light acoustic progressions with ( at times ) prominent synth backing .
I personally love any artist who includes synthesized instruments within their craft because well , I enjoy new sounds , and with that in mind , our contestant James Yuill brings a very pop and summery feel to a synth painted indie folk landscape .
First off , we 'll hit the video -" James Yuill - This Sweet Love " .
The video is heartfelt , and well , seems like the perfect summer track for anyone who is ( or wants to be ) happy .
Now , James Yuill does n't seem to be a foreigner to the current musical landscape .
Remixed EP of No Pins Allowed , and a section of his offical website devoted to the downloading of remixes of James Yuill 's work , as well as remixes he 's done himself .
Now enjoy a couple of my favourite tracks and a remix or two :
06%20 This%20Sweet%20Love
03%20No%20 Pins %20
Allowed
07%20No%20 Surprise
No%20 Surprise %20%28Bostro%20Pesopeo%20
Remix%29
01%20Scheme%20 Eugene%20%28James%20 Yuill%20 Remix%20
With%20 Added%20Omega%203%29
Please support James by :
I can't think that they could find a better cast to play these iconic characters .
Everyone was perfect , their accents , looks , everything .
I understand why JJ had to do a time travel / alternate reality plot to reimagine these characters .
I have to say that came off better then what I I can't think that they could find a better cast to play these iconic characters .
Everyone was perfect , their accents , looks , everything .
I understand why JJ had to do a time travel / alternate reality plot to reimagine these characters .
I have to say that came off better then what I thought the movie was going to be .
With the Nero catalyst he was able to redevelop these characters into something a little differant , they are still the same people with similar lifes , but with Nero they can be something else as well , which allows JJ to make a sequel or two without just remaking old Star Trek episodes .
Although this marks the 3rd Star Trek movie involving time travel it shows something different .
I really enjoyed it .
…
Expand
Today 's crisis is n't a replay of the problem in the 1930s , but last night 's 60 minutes interview with Ben Bernanke made it clear that our central bankers do n't understand the distinction .
Bernanke 's academic career was spent studying the policy responses to the Great Depression .
His analysis suggests that the Fed made two errors :
Central banks allowed the money supply contract sharply .
" Price fell .
Deflation .
So monetary policy was , in fact , very contractionary .
Very tight– during that period , " he said last night .
" Price fell .
Deflation .
So monetary policy was , in fact , very contractionary .
Very tight– during that period , " he said last night .
They permitted bank failures .
" And then the second mistake they made was they let the banks fail .
They did n’t make any strong effort to prevent the failure of thousands of banks . "
The first point , about money supply , is a rather orthodox position that was popularized by the University of Chicago 's Milton Friedman and Anna Schwartz in their book " A Monetary History of the United States . "
They argued that in the 1930s , the country and the Federal Reserve were faced with a liquidity crisis in the banking sector .
As banks failed , depositors panicked and bank runs began .
This led to a cycle of bank failures .
" If the borrowers had n't withdrawn cash , they [ the banks ] would have been in good shape .
But the Fed just sat by and did nothing , so bank after bank failed .
And that only motivated depositors to withdraw funds from banks that were not in distress , " Schwartz explained in an interview with the Wall Street Journal several months ago .
Notice that there is a subtle -- but extremely important -- difference between Schwartz 's analysis and Bernanke's .
In Schwartz 's view , healthy banks were failing due to a liquidity crisis .
This could have been prevented by adding more liquidity .
For Bernanke , even the failure of unhealthy banks should have been prevented .
This is a serious departure from the historical precedent .
Bernanke 's approach is premised on the idea that there will be a crisis if you do n't rescue a failing firm .
But there 's no evidence for that .
In fact , Bernanke 's approach probably makes the problem worse .
If bank runs were caused by an inability of depositors to distinguish between healthy and unhealthy firms , Bernanke 's approach is actually creating this same confusion .
" The market knows when a firm is n't sound , " Schwarts told William Cohan in a separate interview .
" And if the Fed did n't behave as if every failing firm is too big to fail , then it would permit the exit of firms that were n't really viable and the market would recognise this as a just decision .
It 's not the job of the Fed to be intervening to help such firms .
People are knowledgeable .
They knew that there were troubles with Lehman . "
" If they 're going to go into the business of rescuing every failing firm , " Schwartz said , " we wo n't have a capitalist system . . .
People are responsible for the decisions they make .
If they 've made wrong decisions , lost money and do n't have the funds to operate , well , it 's time to leave the market .
And that 's what the Fed 's responsibility is , not to shore up firms that have no reason to continue . "
Way back in October we described this approach as fighting the last depression while ushering in the next one .
Unfortunately and depressingly , it seems that Bernanke is immune to evidence or argument on this subject .
Researchers have discovered an important element for making night vision possible in nocturnal mammals : the DNA within the photoreceptor rod cells responsible for low light vision is packaged in a very unconventional way , according to a report in the April 17th issue of Cell , a Cell Press publication .
That special DNA architecture turns the rod cell nuclei themselves into tiny light - collecting lenses , with millions of them in every nocturnal eye .
" The conventional architecture seen in almost all nuclei is invariably present in the rod cells of diurnal mammals , including primates , pigs and squirrels , " said Boris Joffe of Ludwig - Maximilians University Munich .
" On the other hand , the unique inverted architecture is universally present in nocturnal mammals , " for instance , mice , cats and deer .
That architecture has important ramifications for the optical properties of those cells , added Jochen Guck of the University of Cambridge .
" Diurnal nuclei are basically scattering obstacles , " he said .
" In nocturnal animals , they are little lenses .
In one case , light is scattered in all directions and in the other it is focused in the forward direction , " meaning that even at night , what little light there is can travel deeper into the eye where it can be perceived .
Coming to the realization that the structure of the nuclei of rod cells might have something to do with animals ' behavior at night versus during the day took a great leap and an interdisciplinary team , Joffe added .
That 's because biologists typically think of DNA and its packaging into chromatin in terms of its effect on gene activity .
" We tried every other possible explanation , " Joffe added .
" The idea that it had something to do with vision was a daring idea .
People laughed at first . "
In non-dividing cells , DNA is associated with proteins to form the so - called chromatin , with more condensed " heterochromatin " at the periphery and less condensed " euchromatin " in the interior .
Although cell type - specific variants of nuclear architecture can differ notably in details , the researchers explained , the pattern described above is nearly universal and is conserved in both single - celled and multicellular organisms .
The reason for the evolutionary stability of nuclear architecture is most probably the important role that the spatial arrangement of chromatin plays in regulating nuclear functions , they said .
Given that notion , the team took great interest in the fact that the nuclei of mouse rod cells shows essentially the opposite , inverted pattern .
The central portion of their nuclei is occupied by a large mass of heterochromatin , while transcription factors that control the activity of genes are enriched at the nuclear periphery .
Mice are n't born with those unusual rod cells , they now report .
Rather , the conventional nuclear architecture in their rod cells is completely transformed over the animals ' first few weeks into the inverted pattern .
The inverted nuclear architecture found in mice is also present in other nocturnal animals , they found .
" Our data revealed a wholly unexpected but very clear correlation between the rod nuclear architecture and lifestyle that was further supported by data on nearly forty animals , " the researchers said .
" Nocturnal mammals had the inverted pattern , while the diurnal ones showed the conventional one . "
The correlation between the inverted nuclear architecture and night vision suggested that the inverted pattern might have an optical ramification , they said .
After all , nocturnal mammals see at light intensities a million times lower than those available during the day , and their rod photoreceptors are known to possess a light sensitivity down to the level of a few photons .
This high sensitivity demands a large number of rod cells , which increases the thickness of the retinas ' outer nuclear layer ( ONL ) .
The optimization of light transmission through the ONL could therefore provide crucial advantages for nocturnal vision .
Indeed , measurements of how individual nuclei taken from the rod cells of nocturnal animals interact with light show that they act as collecting lenses .
Computer simulations indicate that columns of such nuclei like those found in nocturnal animals ' retinas would channel light efficiently toward the light - sensing rod outer segments .
The importance of this special nuclear arrangement comes only when you consider the columns , Guck said .
" If each nuclei scattered light , it would all be over .
The inversion in nocturnal animals makes sure that light is passed from one nucleus to the next .
It is handed down so that it does n't scatter . "
The results show that despite the strong evolutionary conservation of the conventional pattern , nuclear architecture in rod cells was modified several times in the evolution of mammals , Joffe said .
" Taken together , paleontological , molecular , and morphological data strongly suggest ( 1 ) that the inverted pattern appeared very early in the evolution of mammals as an adaptation to nocturnal vision in this primarily nocturnal group of animals , ( 2 ) that , correspondingly , the conventional pattern was repeatedly reacquired in mammals that readopted a diurnal lifestyle , and ( 3 ) that restoration of the conventional architecture most likely demanded selective pressure for the conventional nuclear architecture , " the researchers wrote .
" Comparison of the inverted and conventional patterns can therefore highlight the advantageous features that predetermine the nearly universal prevalence of the conventional nuclear architecture . "
About PPP
With a bunch of puppies and a phone that automatically takes a photo when a girl smiles at it , I 'm going to do a test to find out , once and for all , which breed will give a guy the most puppy pulling power .
William Cranston told the court he " lost his rag " A man who stabbed his partner and his best friend to death after he found them having sex on his canal boat has been cleared of their murders .
William Cranston was convicted of the manslaughter , by reason of provocation , of 39 - year - old Kay Morton and 55 - year - old Paul Wilkins .
The killings happened on a narrow boat in Stoke Hammond , Buckinghamshire , in September , Reading Crown Court heard .
Cranston , 44 , will be sentenced at Kingston Crown Court on 22 July .
The court heard Cranston , Ms Morton and Mr Wilkins had been drinking at a nearby pub before returning to the narrow boat where they continued drinking and smoking cannabis .
The CPS recognises that a jury must be free to apply its own standards of reasonable provocation and accepts the verdict in this case
Charles Ward - Jackson of the CPS Cranston went to bed but later woke up to find his partner and friend having sex .
He told police after the stabbings : " Paul jumped up and came towards me .
" I can't remember picking up the knife .
When he came towards me , I just sort of lashed out to find out what was going on .
" Literally five seconds later , they were both on the floor bleeding to death , and I 've got a knife in my hand . "
Cranston called 999 and gave the pair chest compressions and mouth - to - mouth resuscitation , but they could not be revived .
The court was also told Cranston 's baby son , Kevin , had died the previous February on the sofa where he discovered the pair .
Kevin , who was 55 days old , was named after Cranston 's brother , who was killed in a house fire in Australia .
' Ultimate betrayal ' Cranston told the court : " I can't believe this has happened to everybody .
I just walked in there and lost my rag completely . "
Psychiatrist Dr Philip Joseph , who examined Cranston , said he had suffered " the ultimate betrayal " by Ms Morton , and that catching the pair having sex on the sofa where his son died was " the last straw " .
Speaking after the hearing , Charles Ward - Jackson of the Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) , said the case was brought " on the basis that the deliberate stabbing of two people , even in circumstances of sexual infidelity , could not be justified as manslaughter by virtue of provocation " .
" The CPS recognises that a jury must be free to apply its own standards of reasonable provocation and accepts the verdict in this case , " he said .
" Mr Cranston stands convicted of two counts of manslaughter , and any sentence in this extremely serious case is likely to be substantial .
" This was an appalling case and our thoughts are with the families and friends of Kay Morton and Paul Wilkins at this time . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Lil ’ Mynx has the best reputation in the business as a safe , reliable , and sturdy professional grade line of dance poles for homes and studios with customer service second to none .
We have been making removable poles in the US longer and better than anyone else .
All of our poles are handcrafted one at a time for our customers .
We do n’t mass produce our poles like everyone else .
We are the only real company that can offer truly custom poles because that ’s what we do .
When considering a removable dance pole your # 1 concern should be safety .
Safety is our business !
Unlike other poles that rely solely on friction to hold the pole in place , we have been using a bolt - in mount since day one .
Having a secure mounting surface to hold the pole in place is the only way you can feel comfortable with your pole installation .
With friction , you have to continuously check the poles since they come loose as they push your ceiling up .
The spring used in holding the Lil ’ Mynx pole in place has a duty - cycle of over 100,000 .
This is a continuous duty test , the kind the pole will never see .
Be it in your home , office , or to provide a quick laugh .
These particular ones , pulled from Sky Mall Catalog May 2009 , are destined for a higher purpose .
But amid the pet beds , personalized umbrella covers and solar powered patio lights , there are gems .
When I 'm stuck on the runway , I can't help but look through it .
It 's like 100 infomercials in print form .
A cornucopia of curiosity .
A new product freak show with price tags .
A crapshoot filled with wonder , laughter and " WTF ? "
Sky Mall is one of the greatest catalogs on the planet .
Great , because of it's odd collection of stuff for sale .
Sky Mall Products Destined for Greatness
The Marshmallow Shooter
Thanks to Sky Mall , everyone can feel like John Dillinger .
( Minus the body count . )
This pump action mechanism shoots delicious marshmallows all over the place .
Just load , aim , fire and chew vigorously .
Great is delicious !
And I can not think of a better way to get shot ....
.... But I can think of a better way to have A shot .
Lil ' chill shot
Here 's the skinny : Pour an entire large bottle ( 750 ml ) of liquor into this machine .
It 'll hold it all .
Then , very quickly , this shot pourer is " able to dispense your favorite liquor at below freezing temperatures . "
And it fits on your counter .
If you 're a party person this is just great .
The Zombie of Montclair Moors Sculpture
Just look at this .
Look at it .
A zombie coming from underneath your zinnias or rose bushes .
Zombies belong in a garden .
And if you do n't have enough space for a real garden , then place it strategically in your local park and film people 's reactions .
Only $ 89.95 , it 's a truly great conversation piece .
Digital camera swim mask
Video , digital , waterproof swim mask .
So you can easily film your underwater adventures .
This records video and take pictures .
The mask 's eye pieces are made of tempered glass and have integrated crosshairs that allows you to line up your subject .
Light attachment optional ( for the dark places ) or your under sea porn shoot .
Yeah , it 's neat and great .
Underwater Light Show and Fountain
For under $ 50 dollars your pool , pond or hot tub will sparkle as sprays of water dance above the surface while color - changing lights shimmer below .
Turns a good party , great .
Especially after a few round of the lil ' chill shot .
Head Spa Massager
Personally , I think this one is headed for fame in a late night comedy sketch .
Or maybe it'll serve as a design for first - generation cylon .
It 's supposed to help soothe and clear your head , but it 's hard to take anything that looks this funny seriously .
It 's great ... to laugh out loud .
Edge baking pan
Brownies .
Cake .
Rice Krispy Treats .
Now every confection can have perfect edges .
Same goes for quick breads , cobblers and lasagna .
This pan also helps food cook more evenly , lowering the chance that the middle is cooked less than the outside .
I 'm not fan of soggy cake so on a great scale , the Edge Baking Pan gets 4 Greats !
Floating Obstacle Course
You know those crazy Japanese game show obstacle courses ?
Now you can own one .
The SplashTrax System is a youtube video hit , summertime fun and a lawsuit waiting to happen .
Admit it , some part of you wants to try it out , even though you know you 'll end up in the water a quarter of the way through .
Stainless Steal Wallet
Here 's something that looks like it can stop a bullet .
It can't , but it 'll get your attention .
" Woven using 25,000 flexible stainless - steel threads that are three times thinner than a piece of paper --.001 " -- this is the only wallet with a hand as smooth as silk and the strength that surpasses leather . "
Coolness is a form of greatness .
Bigfoot , Garden Yeti Sculpture .
Yeti's may never be found alive , but this one can live in your back yard or in the corner of your living room forever .
I love that someone felt compelled to make and sell it .
What 's not so great is the size .
A little over 2 feet tall and only 19 " wide ?
Yeti is a midget .
And that 's the start of a great debate you can have while staring at it in your underbrush .
Deluxe USB turntable
So whatcha - whatcha - whatcha - want ?
To take my 33s and 45s and put them on my iTunes .
Vinyl converted to digital faster than your can say scrrrrraatch .
This goes on my birthday wish list .
My albums are tucked away in a box waiting to be transferred to digital .
As Tony would say " Grrrreat ! "
BBQ branding iron
" Put a message in the meat your cooking . "
I 'm not exactly sure why you would want to brand your meat .
But when did you ever need a reason to do anything .
With this device you can brand your food , or your best friend who passes out after too many fuzzy navels .
I am so getting one .
Just let me just run this floating obstacle course , pour a chill shot and pulling money from my stainless steal wallet ...
Net - Net : Stupid can be great .
Jumpin Jammerz
Adult Footed PJs ?
Feel like a kid .
Look like one too .
And if that happens to be a turn on for your significant , more power to ya .
But the reason these are great is because they instantly turn you into Electric Man or Electric Woman .
I 'm all for the zapping power .
Neck Pro Traction Device
Good for your head .
And a humane way to off yourself .
Sure , maybe it'll help soothe your neck and back pain .
And if so , good for you .
But remember , do n't let anyone open the door while you use it otherwise you 'll be dead .
Great can be ridiculous .
Of course all these great products are available on Sky Mall website .
Precious new quote from a Palin representative , below .
Palin is upset that her once - to - be son - in - law is going on TV and trash - talking her ( including saying that he ’s sure she knew he and Palin ’s unwed daughter were having sex under Palin ’s roof ) :
“ We ’re disappointed that Levi and his family , in a quest for fame , attention and fortune , are engaging in flat - out lies , gross exaggeration , and even distortion of their relationship , ” [ Palin spokesperson ]
Meghan Stapleton tells Usmagazine.com in a statement Friday .
“ Bristol ’s focus will remain on raising Tripp , completing her education , and advocating abstinence , ” Stapleton continues .
“ It is unfortunate that Levi finds it more appealing to exploit his previous relationship with Bristol than to contribute to the well being of the child . ”
Uh huh .
This from the lady who pretty much forced her daughter into a shotgun wedding in order to advance her own political career .
Remember , it was Palin and McCain who announced the news of the unwed pregnancy to the media – none of us knew until they put it in a press release .
And it was Palin and McCain who brought these poor kids to Washington and put them on the stage at the Republican convention .
And let ’s talk about her special - needs child , who she loves to mention in her political speeches – the one she was n’t nearly as concerned about the day she went into labor , halfway around the country , but rather than return home , she went and gave a speech .
Yes , lectures from Sarah Palin about exploiting one ’s family .
Now that ’s precious .
Especially with the ridiculous comment inserted , above , about Bristol devoting her life to abstinence education .
What ?!
Bristol already said she questions the notion of abstinence .
But in any case , it ’s yet another example of Palin exploiting her family for fame , attention and fortune .
And doing it in such a crass way that it only confirms what a blithering idiot she is , was , and always will be .
While U.S. officials vowed to learn from Europe 's mistakes , the bill sponsored by Reps. Henry Waxman ( D. , Calif . ) and Edward Markey ( D. , Mass . ) has many of the same flaws and adds massive " offsets " that blow away the " cap " in " cap - and - trade . "
Offsets allow polluters to , for example , pay to preserve an acre of forest so they can continue burning coal above the cap .
The concept 's problems are legion and well - documented .
TMZ , the carnivorous celebrity news Web site , is accustomed to beating other media outlets on the stories that shape the entertainment world .
On Thursday , it not only scooped every other outlet by announcing Michael Jackson ’s death , it apparently beat the coroner ’s office , too  by six minutes .
The blog  owned by the media conglomerate , Time Warner , but operated as a Web - traffic - fueled fief in Hollywood  seemed to have sources everywhere : at Mr. Jackson ’s mansion ; in the ambulance ; and in the corridors of the U.C.L.A. Medical Center .
TMZ ’s short post about the death was published at 5:20 p.m. Eastern time .
For more than an hour , TMZ was essentially the only outlet claiming that Mr. Jackson was dead .
Television and newspaper journalists read the TMZ report but largely held off on repeating it , for fear of making a mistake .
Still , the bulletin traversed the Web with remarkable speed , creating a stark divide : on the Internet Mr. Jackson was dead , and on TV he was still alive .
By the early evening Mr. Jackson ’s death had become the No. 1 story on newscasts worldwide .
The intense , almost voyeuristic interest strained many Web servers , crashing AOL ’s instant messaging service and even tripping up Google News for about half an hour .
Tens of millions of viewers watched hastily arranged tributes to Mr. Jackson on nearly a dozen channels .
During the first presidential debate Tuesday night , President Donald Trump mentioned Philadelphia and satellite voting centers after his tweets earlier in the day claimed that poll watchers were not allowed in .
52 mins ago
MATURA , Trinidad ( CNN ) --
With its white sand and clear , blue water , Trinidad 's Matura Beach looks like a postcard .
It 's a far cry from its recent past , when leatherback sea turtle carcasses littered the ground and kept tourists away .
Suzan Lakhan Baptiste 's efforts have turned a beach from a leatherback turtle graveyard to a nesting colony .
" Twenty years ago , this was a graveyard , " Suzan Lakhan Baptiste said of the six - mile stretch of beach near her home .
" The stench was horrendous .
You could smell it for miles , " she said .
Saddened and frustrated , Baptiste launched a crusade to help end the slaughter of the gentle giants .
Today , she and her group are succeeding :
What was once a turtle graveyard is now a maternity ward -- one of the largest leatherback nesting colonies in the world .
It has n't been an easy fight for Baptiste or the turtles .
For 100 million years , the creatures have traveled the world 's oceans , outliving the dinosaurs .
Over the last 30 years , they have become critically endangered worldwide because of fishing , pollution and hunting .
For centuries , they 've been hunted throughout the Caribbean for their meat and fins , and also for their eggs , which some people prize as aphrodisiacs .
" Turtles are in serious trouble , " Baptiste said .
Every year , female leatherbacks make their way onto the beach , laying their eggs deep in the sand .
It is a long , complicated ritual during which the enormous , slow - moving animals are easy prey for poachers .
" Leatherbacks [ are ] very vulnerable , " Baptiste said .
" They can not pull their head and flippers back into the shell .
They have no sense of defense to actually protect themselves . "
By the 1980s , nearly one in three turtles that nested on Matura Beach were killed .
When the government asked for volunteers to help protect the endangered creatures , Baptiste and several others answered the call .
In 1990 , they started Nature Seekers , one of Trinidad 's first environmental groups .
' Crazy Turtle Woman '
For years , Baptiste and her group patrolled the beaches every night of turtle nesting season .
She often walked alone until sunrise .
Locals mocked her efforts , calling her the " Turtle Police " or " Crazy Turtle Woman , " yet her dedication to the unpaid work was fierce ; when it conflicted with her day job , she quit and found a new job .
Leatherbacks were a vital source of income for some members of her village , and the poachers who prowled the beaches with machetes could be threatening .
When Baptiste 's then - husband was injured during a patrol , she became more determined to stand her ground .
" I was very vigilant , " she said , adding that at times , she even got into physical fights .
But Baptiste persisted , and a prestigious award from the United Nations Environment Program helped validate her efforts .
She and her group also worked hard to convince the villagers that using the turtles for eco-tourism could create a more sustainable income .
" I wanted to show that a turtle is [ worth ] so much more to us alive than dead , " Baptiste said .
Gradually , her message of conservation turned the tide of public opinion , and after nearly two decades under Baptiste 's leadership , Nature Seekers has largely won its battle .
Today , the leatherbacks ' survival rate on Matura Beach is virtually 100 percent .
" Here , turtle slaughter is a thing of the past , " Baptiste proclaimed .
Even " Papa George , " a village elder who used to hunt leatherbacks with his father , can attest to the cultural shift .
" Suzan brought around the change , " he said .
" They do n't kill the turtles anymore ... because of the visitors . "
Nearly 10,000 tourists a year , most of whom are Trinidadian , now visit Matura Beach , and many locals make a living by providing them with accommodations , food and souvenirs .
Since the beach is a prohibited area during the nesting season , Nature Seekers ' members act as guides , explaining the turtles ' ancient rituals to visitors .
In addition , Baptiste and her colleagues gather data on the enormous creatures , tagging and weighing as many leatherbacks as they can .
Watch Baptiste and her group weigh a leatherback turtle at night »
During peak season , they might see between 250 or 300 turtles a night .
More than 5,000 leatherbacks nest in the area each year .
The group 's work is often cited as one of the most successful eco-tourism efforts in the Caribbean .
Still , turtle slaughter persists throughout the region , and Baptiste is working to help other groups learn from her success , most recently on the island of Dominica .
She finds joy in sharing her hard - earned knowledge .
" The passion that I feel , it burns me up , " she said .
" I have seen the fruits of our labor , and it can happen in every community . "
Watch how Baptiste helped end the slaughter of turtles in her community »
Her efforts -- and those of many others around the region -- are making a difference .
While leatherbacks are still critically endangered worldwide , the Caribbean population has begun to rebound .
" When I got started , a lot of people thought I was crazy , " Baptiste said , and she admits that she sometimes wondered if they were right .
Reflecting on what she and her team have accomplished , she now believes it was worth it .
" I love being crazy , you know ? " she said , laughing .
" Crazy with a passion , crazy with a dream -- totally environmentally crazy . "
Want to get involved ?
Check out Nature Seekers and see how to help .
All About Conservation of Resources
A group of scientists at The Scripps Research Institute has set up the microscopic equivalent of the Galapagos Islands — an artificial ecosystem inside a test tube where molecules evolve to exploit distinct ecological niches , similar to the finches that Charles Darwin famously described in " The Origin of Species " 150 years ago .
As described in an article published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) , the work demonstrates some of the classic principles of evolution .
For instance , research shows that when different species directly compete for the same finite resource , only the fittest will survive .
The work also demonstrates how , when given a variety of resources , the different species will evolve to become increasingly specialized , each filling different niches within their common ecosystem .
Conducted by Sarah Voytek , Ph.D. , a recent graduate of the Scripps Research Kellogg School of Science and Technology , the work is intended to advance understanding of Darwinian evolution .
Using molecules rather than living species offers a robust way to do this because it allows the forces of evolution to work over the course of mere days , with a trillion molecules in a test tube replicating every few minutes .
" We can study things very quickly , " says Scripps Research Professor Gerald Joyce , M.D. , Ph.D. , who was Voytek 's advisor and her coauthor on the paper .
Joyce is the dean of the faculty at Scripps Research , where he is also a professor in the Department of Molecular Biology , the Department of Chemistry , and The Skaggs Institute for Chemical Biology .
On the voyage of the HMS Beagle , Darwin collected and studied different species of finches on several of the Galapagos Islands .
The finches differed in their beak structure — some had thick , strong beaks and others had thin , delicate ones .
Darwin observed that the different finches were each adapted for the specific types of seeds that served as their primary food source .
The big - beaked birds were indigenous to the places where the big seeds grew ; in areas where there were also small seeds , there were also small - beaked birds .
Darwin reasoned that the finches had a common ancestor but had separated into different species — a classic concept in Darwinian evolution known as " niche partitioning , " which holds that when two species are competing for resources within a common environment , they become differentiated so that each species adapts to use different preferred resources .
For several years , Joyce has been experimenting with a particular type of enzymatic RNA molecule that can continuously evolve in the test tube .
The basis of this evolution comes from the fact that each time one of the molecules replicates , there is a chance it will mutate — typically about once per round of replication — so the population can acquire new traits over time .
Two years ago , Voytek managed to develop a second , unrelated enzymatic RNA molecule that also can continuously evolve .
This allowed her to set the two RNAs in evolutionary motion within the same pot , forcing them to compete for common resources , just like two species of finches on an island in the Galapagos .
In the new study , the key resource or " food " was a supply of molecules necessary for each RNA 's replication .
The RNAs will only replicate if they have catalyzed attachment of themselves to these food molecules .
So long as the RNAs have ample food , they will replicate , and as they replicate , they will mutate .
Over time , as these mutations accumulate , new forms emerge — some fitter than others .
When Voytek and Joyce pitted the two RNA molecules in a head - to - head competition for a single food source , they found that the molecules that were better adapted to use a particular food won out .
The less fit RNA disappeared over time .
Then they placed the two RNA molecules together in a pot with five different food sources , none of which they had encountered previously .
At the beginning of the experiment each RNA could utilize all five types of food — but none of these were utilized particularly well .
After hundreds of generations of evolution , however , the two molecules each became independently adapted to use a different one of the five food sources .
Their preferences were mutually exclusive — each highly preferred its own food source and shunned the other molecule 's food source .
In the process , the molecules evolved different evolutionary approaches to achieving their ends .
One became super efficient at gobbling up its food , doing so at a rate that was about a hundred times faster than the other .
The other was slower at acquiring food , but produced about three times more progeny per generation .
These are both examples of classic evolutionary strategies for survival , says Joyce .
Research for the article was supported by National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) , the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) , and the Skaggs Institute for Research .
Tuesday , June 09 , 2009
I try to keep my Firefox cookie file clean .
I used to run a script on cookies .
txt to remove most cookies and keep only the ones for sites I visit often and trust .
This was simple when the cookie file format was plain text .
However , Firefox has been moving files to the sqlite format , and my script no longer works .
Sqlite seems to be pretty nice .
The first thing I needed to do was figure out what format cookies .
sqlite used .
I ran select * from sqlite_master using the command line interface and it told me there was a table named moz_cookies with ( id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY , name TEXT , value TEXT , host TEXT , path TEXT , expiry INTEGER , lastAccessed INTEGER , isSecure INTEGER , isHttpOnly INTEGER ) as columns .
Pretty straightforward .
I used this information , plus the Python sqlite3 module ( standard with Python 2.5 ) to write a script to clean up my Firefox cookies :
#!/usr/bin/python #
Change this to where your cookies file is COOKIE_FILE = ( '/ Users/amitp/Library / Application Support ' '/ Firefox / Profiles / foobar / cookies.sqlite ')
HOSTS = [ # keep only cookies from these hosts u'.blogger.com ' , u'www.blogger.com', u'.delicious.com ' , u'.discus.com ' , u'discus.com ' , u'blobs.discus.com ' , u'.github.com ' , # … other hosts omitted in this example code ] # Connect and then issue commands # through the “ cursor ” object import sqlite3 connection = sqlite3.connect( COOKIE_FILE ) cursor = connection.cursor ( ) # Remove Google Analytics cookies from all sites cursor.
execute ( ' DELETE FROM moz_cookies WHERE name IN ' ' ( " __utma " , " __utmb " , " __utmc " , " __utmz " ) ' ) #
Remove any cookies from non-approved hosts cursor.
execute ( ' DELETE FROM moz_cookies WHERE host NOT IN ( %s ) ' % ( ', '.join( len( HOSTS ) * [ '? ' ] ) ) , HOSTS ) # Commit changes to disk , # locking the file during the process connection.
commit ( ) #
Print the cookies we have left print ' After : ' rows = list ( cursor.execute ( ' SELECT host , name FROM moz_cookies ' ) ) for row in rows : print '%30s : %s ' % row
The script opens the cookies . sqlite file ( unlike cookies .
txt , it appears to be safe to open and edit this file while Firefox is running ! ) , removes most cookies , commits the changes , and prints out the remaining cookies .
Lots of the Firefox profile information has been moved into the sqlite format ( instead of the mess we had before ) , so I should explore some of the other files to see what might be fun to play with .
Labels : howto
TEHRAN , Iran ( CNN ) -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Monday called the death of Neda Agha - Soltan " suspicious " and urged the country 's authorities to identify those responsible for it , Iran 's semi-official Fars news agency reported Monday .
Neda Agha-Soltan has come to symbolize Iranian resistance to official election results .
more photos »
The 26 - year - old 's death has come to symbolize Iranian resistance to the government 's official election results since it was captured on amateur video .
Within hours of its being posted online June 20 , she had become the iconic victim of the Iranian government crackdown .
But Iran has been pushing back against eyewitness reports that she was shot by pro-government Basij militiamen perched on a rooftop near a demonstration .
Ahmadinejad told the head of Iran 's judiciary , Ayatollah Hashemi Shahroudi , to probe the incident and make the results of his investigations public , Fars reported Monday , nine days after Agha - Soltan was killed .
See gallery of Neda and the effect of her life »
" The massive propaganda of the foreign media , as well as other evidence , proves the interference of the enemies of the Iranian nation who want to take political advantage and darken the pure face of the Islamic republic , " he said in a letter to Shahroudi , according to the news agency .
The letter comes a day after Iran 's government - backed Press TV said Agha - Soltan did not die the way the opposition claims .
Two people told Press TV there were no security forces in the area when she was killed .
iReport.com : Iranians share view from the streets
And the network said the type of bullet that killed her is not used by Iranian security forces .
A man who told the network that he had helped take her to a hospital said , " There were no security forces or any member of the Basij " paramilitary present when she was killed .
Press TV did not name the man , who spoke Farsi and was subtitled in English on the broadcast .
CNN has not identified him and cannot confirm his account .
" I did n't see who shot who , " he said .
" The whole scene looked suspicious to me . "
A second man , whom Press TV identified as Agha - Soltan 's music teacher , told the station there were " no security forces in this street " when he was with her during the shooting .
Press TV did not name the man , who had a gray mustache and ponytail .
He also spoke Farsi and was subtitled in English as he walked and pointed at what Press TV said was the scene of the shooting in central Tehran .
Agha -Soltan was with a family friend who is a music teacher when she was killed .
He appears to be the man who spoke to Press TV .
" There was no sign of a protest , " he said .
" We crossed the street to the other side to get a cab .
...
When we reached this spot , a gunshot was heard .
There was no shooting here .
...
There were no security forces in this street .
There were around 20 , 30 people in this street .
One shot was heard , and that bullet hit Neda . "
" The bullet was apparently fired from a small - caliber pistol that 's not used by Iranian security forces , " the Press TV anchor said .
Iran has strict gun-control laws that bar private citizens from carrying firearms .
U.S. President Barack Obama said Tuesday that he had seen the video of Agha - Soltan 's death and called it " heartbreaking . "
" And I think anyone who sees it knows there 's something fundamentally unjust about it , " he said .
The shaky video of her death -- probably made on a cell phone -- shows her walking with a man near an anti-government demonstration .
After being stuck in traffic for more than an hour inside a subcompact car with a poorly working air conditioner , Agha -Soltan and the friend decided to get out of the car for some fresh air , a friend of Agha - Soltan 's told CNN after her death .
The two were near where protesters were chanting in opposition to Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
Agha -Soltan , wearing a baseball cap over a black scarf , a black shirt , blue jeans and tennis shoes , did not appear to be chanting and seemed to be observing the demonstration .
Suddenly , Agha -Soltan was on the ground -- felled by a gunshot wound to the chest .
Several men knelt by her side and put pressure on her chest in an attempt to stop the bleeding .
" She has been shot !
Someone , come and take her ! " shouted one man .
By then , Agha - Soltan 's eyes had rolled to her right ; her body was limp .
Blood streamed from her mouth , then from her nose .
For a second , her face was hidden from view as the camera went behind one of the men .
When Agha - Soltan 's face came back into view , it was covered with blood .
Iran 's ambassador to Mexico -- one of few Iranian officials who has spoken to CNN since the disputed June 12 presidential election -- suggested that U.S. intelligence services could be responsible for her death .
" This death of Neda is very suspicious , " Ambassador Mohammad Hassan Ghadiri said .
" My question is , how is it that this Miss Neda is shot from behind , got shot in front of several cameras , and is shot in an area where no significant demonstration was behind held ?
" Well , if the CIA wants to kill some people and attribute that to the government elements , then choosing women is an appropriate choice , because the death of a woman draws more sympathy , " Ghadiri said .
CIA spokesman George Little responded , " Any suggestion that the CIA was responsible for the death of this young woman is wrong , absurd and offensive . "
All About Iran • Tehran • Ayatollah Ali Khamenei
And oh yes , " little " countries once derided by Big Oil lawyers as insignificant will have won a huge victory , especially Latin American countries .
Here 's a wicked parody of the arrogance that was the hallmark of the Bush / Big Oil era .
The spill of 18 billion gallons of oil sludge in a sensitive area over several decades - and sensitive is an understatement - is said to dwarf the impact of the Exxon Valdez spill in Prince William Sound .
Nothing should minimize the horror that went down in Alaska , or Exxon 's cowardly evasion of responsibility there , but in terms of every biological measure the Amazon spill is exponentially greater .
The jungle contains a much denser fabric of species , much of it still unknown to science .
Hundreds of square miles of it have been affected .
I 've published several diaries ( here , here , and here ) on the Chevron case and associated issues and one on Ecuador 's unique constitution which gives nature legal standing .
A Recap
Ecuador has oil under its jungle .
They once let American oil companies drill for it .
Texaco played fast and loose where nobody could see the shortcuts they took , and if they did , so what ?
Over three decades they simply dumped their waste in jungle streams and in over 600 pits .
They could n't get away with it in North America but they could in South America .
That 's just how it was .
Then Chevron bought Texaco and inherited all of its liabilities .
There had been some problems in Ecuador but Texaco had spent 14 million basically staging a cleanup and Chevron thought they were free of that legacy .
But the tribes that were affected brought a case , citing abnormal cancer rates and fouled water .
By 2003 Chevron was having some problems with their case in the US , what with pesky facts getting in their way , and asked that the trial be moved to Ecuador .
They figured they could pretty much buy a favorable verdict there .
But the outrage against George Bush had instilled a climate of resentment that bribe money could n't dissolve .
Chavez in Venezuela was arousing populist sentiment in South America .
Changes were coming .
Chevron asked the Bushies to kill trade with Ecuador until this little misunderstanding in the jungle was cleared up .
A good old embargo in the mold of the perpetual war on the Cuban people might bring the stubborn latinos around .
But a guy named Obama was on it .
In February , 2006 , Sens. Barack Obama ( D ) of Illinois and Patrick Leahy ( D ) of Vermont sent a letter to US Trade Representative Rob Portman urging him to ignore an apparent campaign by Chevron to exclude Ecuador from trade negotiations until the Ecuadorean government shuts down the lawsuit .
" While we are not prejudging the outcome of the case , we do believe the 30,000 indigenous residents of Ecuador deserve their day in court , " the senators wrote .
Ecuador 's next president , Rafael Correa , was a socialist , not a ruling class conservative on the take from Uncle Sugar .
Correa , who took office in 2007 and has frequently tangled with oil companies , has said that Texaco's " savage exploitation " of oil " killed and poisoned people . "
He has also called Texaco 's cleanup a charade , in which the company simply covered polluted sites with dirt , and labeled Chevron 's Ecuadoran attorneys " sellouts . "
And when he came into office he led the move to install the rights of nature in the new constitution .
Correa is watching the trial closely .
He has a keen eye for foreign interference .
Recently he expelled two Americans who were apparently manipulating the Ecuadorian police forces , calling them spies .
( The US State Department 's silence toward this accusation was deafening . )
Chevron 's lawyers , sensing the coming defeat , began to behave like the remainders of the Republican Party post Obama 's inauguration : really crazy - insulting the prosecution , picking fights and defending sketchy representations of evidence from the spill sites .
The evidence of pollution is overwhelmingly stark and scientifically verified .
As for the torts over human suffering I do n't know the details of the health claims , but everyone expects there to be a sizeable ruling against Chevron , perhaps in the Fall .
Chevron announced May 1 that they 'll " appeal any adverse ruling " and refuse to pay up , maybe stretch it out for years , even though they do n't believe the penalty will be too much .
Really ?
Thanks to groups like Amazon Watch , the trial and its backstory have been seeping through the net .
I tried to get the local Portland public broadcasting to allow some debate on the case , seeing as how viewers have to endure Chevron propaganda ( " Join us ... " ) every night when we turn on the news , but I was told that its call - in show Think Out Loud only deals with " local " events .
There Sarah Rothenfluch said ,
The Chevron story really seems to be an international story , with few local ties , so I am afraid we will have to take a pass this time .
That 's not true .
They recently did a show about the Electoral College , which last time I checked does n't have a campus in downtown Portland .
Oregon 's own Earl Blumenauer ( the US Congressman for Portland 's district ) was actively involved in getting Chevron to cease their attempts to kill trade with Ecuador .
Few local ties ?
Uh , let 's count the number of Chevron gas stations in Portland .
I found 19 in the Portland area .
There are likely over a couple hundred in the state .
These are ties that have local economic , ergo socio / political , implications , Sarah .
You may not have been around when Stewart Brand , the publisher of the Whole Earth Catalogue , said , " Think Globally , Act Locally . "
I highlight this aphorism to remind us all that " all politics is local , " as a decidedly non-countercultural figure , Speaker of the House Tip O'Neill , once proclaimed .
You can not get any more local than up to 19 company gas stations in every town in your state .
So there is relevance , no ?
Luckily , PBS has stations with more guts , such as Boston 's , which is n't afraid of offending its corporate donors .
And to PBS 's credit , last week NPR aired a national feed segment on the lawsuit .
The likely high point of this media flurry will be the 60 Minutes piece , billed as " the biggest environmental crisis you never heard of . "
MUST SEE : 60 MINUTES Segment on the Chevron case ( CBS ) , Sunday , May 3 , 7PM
WASHINGTON , May 01 , 2009 ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- -- link
The CBS investigative news show 60 Minutes has announced it will air a segment this Sunday about Chevron 's complicity in the contamination of pristine rainforest deep in the Amazon jungle of Ecuador .
The highly acclaimed news show is expected to focus on the sub - standard practices used by Texaco , now owned by Chevron , for oil exploration from 1964 to 1990 when it extracted more than one billion barrels of oil from a pristine area of rainforest that was once home to six thriving indigenous groups .
Here 's the 60 Minutes segment .
Watch CBS Videos Onlinehttp ://
Dear Straight Dope :
An incident which took place recently at the Chicago - area Hawthorne Race Course has raised a few questions which I hope you or one of your expert staff will deign to answer .
As part of a live radio broadcast from the track , two guys from a local sports talk station , John Jurkovic and Harry Teinowitz , agreed to dress up like jockeys and actually race thoroughbreds .
As you might expect , things went wrong , and before the afternoon was over Teinowitz was taken to intensive care with bleeding on his brain ; he was released after spending the weekend in the hospital .
The track had had the two men sign a liability waiver before the stunt , but Teinowitz apparantly signed his form " Willie Shoemaker " instead of using his real name .
All fun and games at the time , but how would that document stand up in court ?
Say the worst had happened , and Teinowitz 's widow filed a lawsuit .
The track should have no problem proving that it was his writing on the document , but would it matter that it was n't his name ?
Jon , Dallas
Gfactor replies :
This one is easy .
No .
From the earliest of times courts have held that names do n’t matter .
As a general rule you can agree to the terms of a contract using any character , symbol , figure , or other designation you adopt as a signature and be bound .
You may also use a fictitious name , a firm name , or the name of another .
For example , in an 1887 New York case , the court held that a woman who signed a warranty deed on a property she did not own could not avoid the warranties because she had signed the name of the true owner of the property .
Noting that “ there is nothing so sacred in a name that right and justice should be sacrificed to its sanctity , ” the court explained that the law permits people to go by two names .
The court asked :
Can one contract with another under a name she represents to be her name , and then avoid liability on the contract when her identity is unquestioned , by claiming that the name she held out to be her own was not the name by which she was best known to the world ?
No , she could not , the court reasoned , because “ the name under which she contracted was her name for the purpose of the contract , ” and she would n’t be allowed to argue otherwise .
Part of the problem with the idea that you have to sign a specific name to a contract ( there are some cases in which this is required , but they ’re generally covered by statutes ) is that you can indeed have more than one name .
There is nothing in the law prohibiting you from taking another name if you desire , and contracting under whatever name you may choose or assume .
But that does n’t mean you are n’t bound by a contract you sign with your new name .
What ’s important is your identity , and if that can be established , you ’ll be held to the contract .
In fact , in many cases you can be bound to a contract that you did n’t sign as long as you agreed to the terms .
And while there are plenty of contracts that do require a signature , these too are covered by statutes , the most prominent being the so - called statute of frauds .
These statutes typically require that certain kinds of contracts – agreements in consideration of marriage ; promises by executors and administrators ; promises to answer for debts , defaults , or misdeeds of others ; agreements not to be performed within a year ; and contracts to sell any interest in real property – be documented by a writing signed by the party to be charged .
But the “ party to be charged ” still does n’t necessarily have to sign his own name .
Any symbol executed or adopted by a party with present intention to authenticate a writing counts as a signature , and in some cases a letterhead or billhead satisfies the signature requirement .
So Teinowitz ’s having signed the contract with whatever name he signed and manifested consent to its terms ( by participating in the race ) would probably be sufficient to bind him to the waiver .
Gfactor
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
STAFF REPORTS ARE WRITTEN BY THE STRAIGHT DOPE SCIENCE ADVISORY BOARD , CECIL'S ONLINE AUXILIARY .
THOUGH THE SDSAB DOES ITS BEST , THESE COLUMNS ARE EDITED BY ED ZOTTI , NOT CECIL , SO ACCURACYWISE YOU'D BETTER KEEP YOUR FINGERS CROSSED .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Treasury yields soared - with the benchmark 10 - year yield briefly touching 4 % - after the government sold $ 19 billion of 10 - year notes and Russia said it would reduce its share of U.S. debt .
The government has been selling large amounts of debt to fund various stimulus programs aimed at boosting the economy .
On Wednesday , $ 19 billion in a reopened 10 - year hit the auction block .
Would - be buyers bid nearly $ 50 billion for the debt for a bid - to - cover ratio of 2.62 .
That was enough to send the 10 - year yield soaring to its highest level since Oct. 15 , 2008 .
Bond prices and yields move in opposite direction .
Yields for longer - term Treasurys have been flirting with seven - and eight - month highs in recent weeks as investors become hesitant to park their money in traditional " safe havens " for longer periods of time amid a rising threat of inflation .
However , demand for shorter - term debt remains relatively healthy .
" It is one thing for people to say that they are willing to buy a 2 - year at 1.35 % -- that is a relatively low - risk trade , " said Brian Edmonds , head of interest rate trading at Cantor Fitzgerald .
" But to invest your money in U.S. government bonds for 30 years , you have a lot more risk . "
By midday , the benchmark 10 - year note had dropped 27/32 to 93-6/32 , with its yield rising to 3.97 % from 3.86 % late Tuesday .
The yield last settled above 4 % on Oct. 31 , 2008 .
The 30 - year bond sank 2 points to 91 - 16/32 , and its yield jumped to 4.79 % from 4.65 % .
Earlier in the session , the yield on the longbond reached as high as 4.83 % .
The last time the 30 - year bond settled this high was over a year ago on Oct. 16 , 2007 , when the yield ended the session at 4.9 % .
The 2 - year note dipped 3/32 to 99-2/32 , and its yield rose to 1.36 % .
The yield on the 3 - month note held steady at 0.18 % .
Debt sales :
Debt prices have fallen under the weight of supply .
As prices have fallen , however , yields have shot higher , boosting home mortgage rates with them .
In an effort to combat rising mortgage rates , the government is buying back $ 300 billion in debt , a program called quantitative easing .
The Federal Reserve purchased $ 3.5 billion of debt Wednesday that matures between August 2019 .
The program has struggled to keep a lid on long - term lending rates .
But " the government would argue that we would be even higher yields if they did n't do the purchase program , " said Edmonds .
Russia retreats :
Also weighing on Treasury prices Wednesday was Russia 's announcement that it will reduce the share of U.S. debt in its forex reserve holdings , according to Reuters .
About 30 % of its $ 404 billion in reserves are held in Treasurys , Reuters reported .
A Russian official said the Treasurys were purchased as a safe haven during the height of the international banking crisis , and will be sold in order to purchase International Monetary Fund bonds and investments in commercial bank deposits .
" I think you are seeing an international bit of a crisis in terms of confidence in the U.S. and a lot of it centers around policies that are highly inflationary , " said Edmonds .
The surge in long - term Treasury yields is evidence that some foreign countries do not trust that the U.S. deficit spending program is sustainable .
The U.S. has " created an inflationary monster " with its multi-pronged bailout and other countries are raising the red flag , said Edmonds .
" They are screaming get your fiscal house in order . "
Lending rates :
One key bank - to - bank rate moved lower .
The 3 - month Libor edged to 0.64 % from 0.65 % , according to Bloomberg.com .
The overnight Libor rate ticked down to 0.26 % from to 0.27 % the day prior .
Libor , the London Interbank Offered Rate , is a daily average of rates that 16 different banks charge each other to lend money .
The closely - watched benchmark is used to calculate adjustable - rate mortgages .
More than $ 350 trillion in assets are tied to Libor .
Has the recession actually helped you ?
From lower debt payments to cheaper home prices , many people have benefited from the current downturn .
If you 've made out financially and want to share your story , please e-mail mailto:stevehargreaves@turner.com .
For the CNNMoney.com Comment Policy , click here .
We are always in search of great free tutorials , resources , tips , tricks , etc. for our readers .
Everyday we work hard to find new and useful stuffs for designers like you .
Today , we have another great post for designers with a great collection of freebies stuff like Icons , Fonts , Vectors , Brushes , Textures , Patterns and PSDs .
We obviously cannot cover all of the best available on internet , but we have tried our best to cover as much as possible .
You are welcome to share more freebies and resources for designers which our readers / viewers may like .
Â
Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings at Smashing Apps.com just subscribe to our rss feed and you can follow us on twitter as well .
50 Fresh Useful Icon Sets For Your Next Design
22 Excellent Photoshop Brushes to Spice Up Designs
15 Free And High Quality Tree Wood Textures
40 Cute Free Twitter Graphics : Badges , Icons & Buttonsâ€ ¦
10 High - Quality Free Leaf Textures
10 + Free Grunge Style Rust Textures
Beautiful High - Quality Free Fonts For Your Designs
500 + Watercolor Brushes for Photoshop
60 Impressive Free High Resolution Textures and Backgrounds
22 Free High Quality Doodle Photoshop Brushes Set
40 + Beautiful Patterns and Textures for Ornate Backgrounds
40 ( NEW ) High- quality and Free Icon Sets
6 Free PSD /( X) HTML - Templates
21 Truly Impressive And Eye Catchy Collection Of Free Textures
45 + Free Design Template And PSD Files
A “ Not Safe for Work ” Tag has been proposed for HTML 5 :
One of the most common descriptive notes people have to write using text when they post links or images to blogs , comments or anywhere in HTML is to say “ this link is not safe for work ” or simply “ NSFW ” .
By adding the < NSFW > tag , this could be made much simpler and standardized .
Browsers could then have an option to automatically hide all < NSFW > content .
A tag is preferred to an attribute since it could then also be used around content and not just links .
Examples :
< nsfw > < a href= ” http://www.example.com”>Pics here !</a></nsfw>
< nsfw >< img src= ” badkitten.jpg ”></nsfw >
( Via Bruce Lawson )
Drew McLellan of The Web Standards Project thinks it ’s a nice idea that wo n’t work :
@brucel we looked into #nsfw in microformats .
It ’s an unworkable minefield .
# it ’s used when linking to something that you might want to save until you get home .
e.g.
http://ampleboobies.info
( NSFW ) #
So a browser could conceivably be configured not to follow links or display content tagged nsfw .
Sounds a good idea , but unworkable . #
The use of tags ( rather than CSS and JavaScript ) to hide or show content is an intriguing and controversial aspect of HTML 5 .
It ’s intriguing because using a standard tag — instead of writing custom CSS and JavaScript that someone else may someday have to maintain — potentially simplifies web development and maintenance , bringing advanced techniques of content presentation to more sites for less money .
It ’s controversial because it sticks presentation and behavior back in markup , after we all just spent a decade separating site structure and semantics from behavior and presentation .
We ’re going to be following these developments and trying to make buzzword - free sense of them for you .
[ tags ] standards , webstandards , HTML , HTML5 , tags , NSFW , W3C [ / tags ]
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The BBC could be made to share part of the television licence fee with commercial rivals under government plans to be announced later .
The Digital Britain report will suggest ways to help companies like Channel 4 cope with the impact of the internet .
It is also expected to include plans to tackle illegal file - sharing and to bring broadband to the whole country .
Gordon Brown said fast internet was now " an essential service , as indispensable as electricity , gas and water " .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme
In October 2008 , Minister for Communications Lord Carter began work on a plan aimed at securing the UK 's place at the head of the new media age .
Among 22 specific actions announced in his interim report in January was a commitment to establishing a universal broadband service for every home and business by 2012 .
Writing in the Times newspaper on Tuesday , the prime minister reaffirmed his commitment to that " transformation " .
" Digital Britain cannot be a two - tier Britain - with those who can take full advantage of being online and those who can 't , " he said .
' No monopoly '
As well as looking at opportunities , the Digital Britain report will also try to tackle threats presented by new technology .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Local newspapers and television stations have both suffered significant losses in revenue thanks to the internet , but Mr Brown insisted their journalism must be protected .
" We can not allow a monopoly to take root , " he wrote .
" We also need to help Channel 4 to secure its future ... it now requires long - term stability to develop as a truly global player . "
The BBC 's media correspondent Torin Douglas said Lord Carter believed the licence fee could be a possible answer to the woes of commercial broadcasters .
At present , more than £ 100 m a year is earmarked to help the elderly switch to digital TV and any left over could help pay for wider broadband access or local news on ITV , our correspondent added .
But the BBC Trust has said that if any money is left over from the digital switchover , it might be better returned to licence - payers .
Piracy clampdown Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Meanwhile , Stephen Garrett , executive chairman of Kudos productions - the makers of Spooks , told BBC Radio 4's Today programme he hoped the report would signal the introduction of legislation obliging internet service providers ( ISPs ) to tackle illegal file - sharing .
" We 've been asking them nicely and so far they 've declined , " he said .
He went on to accuse the ISPs of " sitting idly by while money was haemorrhaging out " of the creative industries .
He wants to see ISPs send threatening letters sent to those involved in piracy reminding them that what they are doing " is theft " before their bandwidth is " squeezed " , preventing them from continuing with their activities .
But Nicholas Lansman , secretary general of the ISP Association , said there were film and music licensing issues to be resolved before an effective clampdown on illegal file - sharing .
We also need to help Channel 4 to secure its future
Prime Minister Gordon Brown
At a glance : Digital Britain , interim report Problems included the fact that some films were marketed across the globe but then released in the US before the UK , he told the BBC .
" Until we do that it 's difficult to offer people the stick before the carrot .
" Those downloading films and music were also the ISPs ' paying customers , he said .
" We should n't make criminals of them , " he added .
The announcement on Digital Britain will be made in Parliament at 15:30 on Tuesday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
While working in Louisiana , psychologist Claudia Uller , of the University of Essex , UK , tested the numerical abilities of a local amphibian , the red - backed salamander .
When tasked with picking between two fruit - fly - filled tubes , the animals could tell the difference between 1 , 2 and 3 flies , but not between 3 and 4 .
They also discriminated between larger numbers of flies ; up to 16 so far .
However , they could only do this if the ratio between the number of flies in each tube was greater than 2 to 1 .
( Image : Brian Gratwicke )
Experiments in newborn chicks show that they have an innate sense of number .
A team lead by Rosa Rugani and Lucia Regolin , at the University of Padova , Italy , found that chicks duped into believing balls or scraps of paper are their kin can perform simple addition and subtraction .
( Image : Rosa Rugani / University of Trento )
Clever Hans was a German horse that wowed European crowds in the early 1900s .
He was apparently able to stamp out the answers to maths problems .
However , a scientific trial later proved that Hans was reacting to the subconscious body cues of his trainer , and not actually counting .
Advertisement
American coots can be tricked into raising the eggs of other coots .
To combat this , they only add up their own eggs when determining how many more to lay - ignoring any rogue eggs that may have turned up .
( Image : David Berner , Edmonton , Alberta )
Overwhelming evidence now suggests that other primates have a sense of number that is similar to our own .
For instance , when tasked with picking the larger of two groups of dots flashed onto a computer monitor , rhesus monkeys and university students both make fewer errors when the ratio between the two groups of dots is large .
“ The student ’s performance ends up looking just like a monkey 's .
It ’s practically indistinguishable , ” says Elizabeth Brannon , a psychologist at Duke University , who led many of the studies .
( Image : Wally Koscielny / Living Color Studios )
Mosquitofish also seem to rely on ratio in order to count .
Christian Agrillo and colleagues at the University of Padova found that , when tasked with swimming to the larger of two shoals , the fish can discriminate between numbers up to 16 .
However , they can only do so if the ratio between the fish in each shoal is greater than 2 to 1 .
They also represent smaller numbers precisely , discriminating between 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 .
( Image : Christian Agrillo / University of Padova )
Elizabeth Brannon has been leading the research into the cognitive behavior of lemurs , including showing that they can perform numerical cognition .
Brannon uses a mix of computer touchscreens ( left ) and physical , sequential experimenter tests .
She has shown that mongoose lemurs have numerical representations that are modulated by Weber 's Law - an equation that attempts to describe how changes in the real world ( like the size of a number ) are reflected in changes in perceived , subjective intensity .
She has also shown that ringtailed lemurs ( Lemur catta ) can represent ordinal relations - that is , put numbers in order of size - much like monkeys .
( Image : Elizabeth Brannon / Duke University )
The 24th of June , the Debian package for new upstream OCaml 3.11.1 has been uploaded .
Thus upload marks the start of the transition to OCaml 3.11.1 in Debian Sid ( aka unstable ) .
Right now , the new package has been successfully built on most of Debian supported architectures .
Following this first round , other packages are being uploaded in successive rounds .
You can follow this transition on Stéphane Glondu 's dedicated OCaml transition monitor . [ 1 ]
The count - down has started .
We will see how much time it will take to do this transition for the 138 source packages .
Enabling DRM in the kernel ?
Please consider subscribing to LWN Subscriptions are the lifeblood of LWN. net .
If you appreciate this content and would like to see more of it , your subscription will help to ensure that LWN continues to thrive .
Please visit this page to join up and keep LWN on the net .
Back in April , we looked at the Linux kernel patches for Intel 's Trusted Execution Technology ( TXT ) , a mechanism to verify the integrity of the kernel before booting it .
Since that time , another version of the patchset has surfaced .
The relatively few comments on the feature were largely concerned that there might be opposition to its inclusion — not because of technical considerations , but instead because of ethical concerns about what TXT could enable .
Ted Ts'o had the most to say about what TXT ( also known as LaGrande ) enables , not necessarily in opposition to adding the feature , but outlining the concerns of those who might .
He warned : " So we should expect a certain amount of controversy and people lobbying to resist the acceptance of this patch . "
The basic problem is that TXT can enable Digital Rights Management ( DRM ) systems that are largely uncrackable .
Pointing to a " Trusted Computing " FAQ from 2003 , Ts'o noted that five years ago , FAQ author Ross Anderson " was able to predict the emergence of the LaGrande Technology ( see question 15 in the above FAQ ) . "
But , Joseph Cihula , author of the TXT patch noted that some of the FAQ ( and other Trusted Computing complaints ) had been rebutted [ PDF ] in an IBM whitepaper by David Safford .
But , as Ts'o pointed out , much of Safford 's response was specific to the Trusted Computing Platform Alliance ( TCPA ) technology , which is essentially broken as a DRM lockdown solution :
However , it seems to me that TXT / LaGrande 's main purpose for existence was to repair the defects in TCPA that made it essentially [ unusable ] for DRM purposes .
With TCPA , any time you changed * anything * in the boot path --- installed a new BIOS , upgraded to a new kernel to fix a security vulnerability , updated to a new Nvidia proprietary video driver slightly less likely to crash your [ system ] --- it would change the trusted boot measurements , and would require an exchange to " [ Circuit ] City DIVX hotline " ( as a generic stand - in for whoever is Hollywood 's current monkey paw towards trying to implement DRM ) to approve a transfer of the TCPA trusted keys , which would be essentially be a consumer support nightmare , and there would be no way for " Circuit City " to know whether the kernel you are claiming was the latest update from Fedora or Novell or Canonical was really an authorized upgrade , or whether it was a custom kernel with patches to tap into video and audio paths to steal Hollywood 's precious bodily fluids .
With TXT , however , all of these problems go away .
What you end up booting is completely under " [ Circuit ] City 's DIVX's " control , and may include a miniature Windows environment running in the trusted environment ; it could then take over a portion of the screen for the video output , and the hardware would have special features set up to prevent the host OS from having any access to the video output of the movie player running in the TXT environment .
Ts'o 's message is worth reading in its entirety , but the basic point is that TXT enables Hollywood ( or another DRM - happy entity ) to take away some of the basic functionality of the hardware in order to preserve their " rights " .
Essentially , this takes away users ' rights to protect companies ' perceived or actual rights .
The truly nightmarish scenario is one where one cannot do anything on a computer that is n't contained in a signed ( presumably proprietary and closed source ) application , running on a signed operating system .
TXT could enable just that kind of functionality .
But , there are some scenarios ( Ts'o mentions medical record access ) under which TXT could be beneficial to the user .
Other devices ( voting machines and ATMs are the standard example ) could benefit from TXT as well .
Should kernel hackers stand in the way of adding this code to the kernel simply because it can be used for ill ?
The consensus , from the extremely limited subset of the kernel development community participating in the discussion , seems to be " no " .
James Morris notes Linus Torvalds 's famous " Flame Linus to a crisp ! " message wherein he says : " I want to make it clear that DRM is perfectly ok with Linux ! " .
Morris more - or - less agrees with that view :
I 'm fairly neutral on the technology itself and feel that " market pressure " from users as well as local regulatory policy ( e.g. anti-trust laws ) should determine how the technology is used , rather than the views of a few kernel hackers .
That sentiment is also shared by Ts'o : " That being said , it 's not clear to me that stopping the technology from going into Linux really is n't going to help matters ; realistically , the Linux desktop is miniscule [ 1 ] , and whether or not we add support for TXT in the mainline Linux kernel is n't going to stop Hollywood 's plans . "
His footnote refers to the potential risk of TXT being used in Moblin to lock down those devices , but " realistically , even if we do n't let it into mainline kernel , it wo n't stop Moblin hardware vendors from shipping it " .
This is a social , not a technical problem , as Ts'o says .
There are powerful interests that certainly want to have that kind of power over the actions of their customers .
It will be up to those who value their hardware and software freedoms ( and , very likely , the courts ) to ensure that those freedoms are still available .
Avoiding DRM is not something that has gotten onto the radar of most consumers , but the content providers are doing their best to raise its visibility .
One wonders how many revoked features for Kindle books or how much music that expires because it is crippled with DRM it will take before consumers start to rebel .
In the meantime , though , it seems likely that Linux will end up with TXT support somewhere down the road .
The objections have been few — technical or ethical — at least so far , and the code obviously exists .
There is no barrier to a hardware manufacturer ( or distribution ) incorporating it and enforcing whatever restrictions it wishes .
Given that there are benign uses as well , the code is likely to improve from its inclusion in the mainline .
When ( almost certainly not " if " ) those uses turn towards total lockdown , it will be a social battle , on multiple fronts , to preserve the hardware and software freedoms we enjoy today .
The charges were announced by top officials in Washington
The FBI says it has uncovered a $ 50 m ( £ 30 m ) scam involving the US healthcare system , making arrests in Florida , Michigan and Colorado .
Fifty - three people have been charged with defrauding Medicare , the government insurance scheme providing care to the elderly and disabled .
Doctors allegedly gave cash to patients to sign paperwork claiming to have had treatments which they were never given .
Medical staff , patients and company executives are among those charged .
A day earlier , police arrested eight people in Miami involved in a separate scheme using fake clinics to generate fraudulent bills of around $ 100m .
Federal agents say they are investigating almost 2,500 other cases and that fraud is costing American taxpayers billions of dollars every year .
Those in the administration and Congress now working on wider healthcare reforms say building better safeguards will be central to any new system .
President Barack Obama is currently seeking to overhaul the US healthcare system .
Photographs of a peace campaigner taken during a surveillance operation by the Metropolitan Police should be destroyed , because the images were a disproportionate infringement of his human rights .
The court of appeal ruled yesterday in favour of Andrew Wood , who had committed no offence , the Beeb reports .
Wood lost his original casein June last year .
He was a media spokesman for the Campaign Against the Arms Trade .
The Met will now have to destroy the pictures and review its wider retention policy , unless it appeals the ruling .
Lord Justice Dyson said : " The retention by the police of photographs taken of persons who have not committed an offence , and who are not even suspected of having committed an offence , is always a serious matter . "
Wood attended Reed Elsevier 's annual general meeting to object to it running the Spearhead arms fair .
He bought a share in the firm in order to attend the meeting .
Police photographed him leaving the meeting in 2005 , questioned him and followed him to the tube station .
Wood was not arrested .
The police routinely use Forward Intelligence Teams ( FIT ) to take video and still images of protestors .
This can continue , but officers will have to change the way they keep such images . ®
A Texas bank is about done demolishing 16 new and partially built houses acquired in Southern California through foreclosure , figuring it was better to knock them down than to try selling them in the depressed housing market .
Guaranty Bank of Austin is wrecking the structures to provide a " safe environment " for neighbors of the abandoned housing tract in Victorville , a high - desert city about 85 miles northeast of Los Angeles , a bank spokesman said .
Victorville ...
The new Brawn car ran for the first time at Silverstone on Friday
The former Honda Formula
One team has been saved and will contest the 2009 season as Brawn GP .
Team boss Ross Brawn , a former Ferrari technical director , said he had bought the team from Honda .
Britain 's Jenson Button and Brazilian veteran Rubens Barrichello , last year 's Honda line - up , will continue to drive for the British - based team .
Brawn GP will use Mercedes engines when the new F1 season starts in Australia on 29 March .
Button was at the wheel for an initial shakedown test at Silverstone on Friday .
The 29 - year - old is understood to have taken an extensive pay cut from his former salary of a reputed £ 8 m as part of the rescue deal .
The vast experience and knowledge that both drivers bring to our team will prove invaluable as we aim to get up to speed in the shortest possible time
Ross Brawn ( above ) " I believe he 's taken a 50 % pay cut to ensure that he remains in the sport , " said BBC 5 Live race commentator David Croft .
" I suppose the fact that he will be on the grid at all could be enough for him in the near future . "
Honda pulled out of F1 in December as a result of the global financial crisis , leaving the team to search desperately for a buyer .
A statement , released on the new Brawn GP website , did not reveal the financial details of the buyout or whether Honda 's 700 staff would remain in their jobs .
Brawn said that he would " continue to be supported by the incumbent management team " .
He admitted that the team 's lack of testing would cause problems this season , but said he was optimistic they would have a good season .
" The biggest hurdle we faced was being in a position to race in Melbourne and we will now be able to achieve that target , " Brawn said .
" Initially , we may experience some reliability issues resulting from the lack of track time but we feel we have a good car and we hope that our performance will be respectable .
" We are confident in the fundamental design principle of the car and look forward to the opportunity to develop it further as the season progresses . "
Brawn , 54 , added : " The past few months have been extremely challenging for the team but today 's announcement is the very pleasing conclusion to the strenuous efforts that have been made to secure its future .
" Firstly , it is a great shame that having worked with Honda Motor Company for so long we can no longer continue together .
" I would like to thank Honda for the fantastic co-operation and support we have received throughout this process , particularly those members of the senior management who were closely involved with concluding our agreement , and for the faith they have demonstrated in myself and our team . "
Barrichello , 36 , ended last year out of contract with Bruno Senna , nephew of the late triple champion Ayrton , reportedly lined up as a possible replacement .
However , the sale of the team has led to the Brazilian celebrating a new lease of life .
Barrichello told his website www.barrichello.com.br:
" During this period of hard times I kept my faith , worked my body out hard and kept quiet , speaking only to the team 's personnel .
" I start the year very anxiously , because we 'll have only a few tests before the first race , but with a car that will be fast and with a very good Mercedes motor behind us .
I 'm looking forward to it . "
Brawn , who joined Honda at the start of last season , added that he was pleased to retain the same driving line - up .
SPORT EDITORS ' BLOG
Our plans for F1 coverage this year
BBC Sport's Mark Wilkin
" The vast experience and knowledge that both drivers bring to our team will prove invaluable as we aim to get up to speed in the shortest possible time to be ready for the first race of the season , " he said .
" In what will be their fourth season together , their experience with our team in Brackley , our systems and our engineers , will prove a real asset . "
He added : " I would like to express particular appreciation for the support we have received from Mercedes - Benz Motorsport , ( F1's governing body ) the FIA , ( commercial rights holders ) FOM , Fota ( Formula One Teams Association ) ... and our many fans the world over .
" The journey ahead will be challenging but exciting and we know we can count on their continued enthusiasm for our team and its ambitions . "
Hiroshi Oshima , managing officer of Honda Motor Company Limited , wished Brawn well in his new role as team owner .
" Since announcing our withdrawal from Formula One racing on 5 December of last year , we have conducted various studies and discussions so that the team can continue its activities as a new team , " said Oshima .
" We are very pleased that we could sell the team to Ross Brawn , with whom we have been partaking in the challenges of F1 competition , and are grateful for his decision .
We offer our sincerest wishes for the new team which will be led by Ross . "
Brawn GP will attend the remaining pre-season tests , in Barcelona starting on 9 March and Jerez starting on 15 March .
With the team 's survival , Formula
One will start the season with 10 teams - one fewer than at the beginning of 2008 before Super Aguri folded .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Anyone who attended those giant child - processing centers the state insists on calling “ schools ” will recognize the scene :
You walk into the million - dollar cinderblock gymnasium , immediately dwarfed by the size and sound of the crowd .
The school ’s thousands of students have been herded together to cheer the glory that is “ their ” team as it prepares for “ the big game . ”
Teachers and students dress in school colors , wave the school pennant , and join in the school fight song .
All this is a Very Big Deal , and woe unto he who questions any of it .
There may be a speech from the principal , or from that annoying kid who successfully rode a wave of apathy into the student council presidency .
The cheerleaders dance and praise the team .
The team members themselves run out to thunderous applause , the crowd cheering for whatever it is they presumably accomplish for the school community — and never mind that the biggest jerks in the school are invariably found within their ranks .
Here and there you may notice small , dark clumps of the disaffected , those dour punk / goth / whatever kids who do n’t seem impressed by any of this .
They will be treated harshly by teachers for being negative , antisocial , or — heaven forbid ! — lacking in proper “ school spirit . ”
There is something wrong with them , most would agree , or they just want attention .
And these malcontents are all freshmen or sophomores .
Upperclassmen of their ilk have long since learned that such rallies are the perfect time to sneak behind the school for a cigarette or a few bong rips .
Weapons of Mass Instru ... Gatto , John Taylor Best Price : $ 5.58 Buy New $ 16.95 ( as of 03:50 EST - Details )
Of special significance is the rally against the major rival school down the road , the archenemy who must be denounced , ridiculed , and defeated .
No one can tell you why that particular school is the big rival .
“ Because they ’re the Broncos ( or whatever the rival mascot might be ) ” is a typical , circular answer .
Some do n’t even bother moving in a circle : “ They just are , ” such people say , probably convinced , after a lifetime of learning to accept such answers from teachers , that this would appropriately resolve the question .
In my experience , one revealing answer came from my high school Latin teacher : “ You must support the home team .
Support the home team .
Support the home team . ”
( Also , teaching Latin by rote had apparently programmed her to repeat all statements three times .
Not kidding . )
She did n’t follow up with any explanation of the virtues and benefits to accrue from home - team - supporting behavior .
It was just crazy to think that , although the state forced us into this ridiculous institution , with its ridiculous rules and overlords , we would ever consider the school to be anything but our “ home . ”
We were certainly intended to identify it as such .
The football team was there to defend our honor ( against what , nobody knows ) .
Henry David Thoreau : ... Thoreau , Henry David Best Price : $ 17.38 Buy New $ 25.89 ( as of 06:10 EST - Details )
Having read some Henry David Thoreau and Thomas Jefferson , I concluded that the entire culture and organization of public schools must be a mistake .
There were so many authoritarian attributes , I thought , they were n’t teaching kids to be responsible citizens of a republic , but subjects of a police state .
Serious reforms were clearly needed .
( Years later , having studied John Taylor Gatto and Austrian economics , I realized that a ) the state raises kids this way deliberately , not by mistake , and b ) a free market in education would quickly find and disseminate the best methods for teaching children . )
The whole weird culture of government school still puzzled me when I graduated in 1996 .
A little more than five years later , starting on 9/11/2001 , I began to discover what all the weird ritualism and pressure to conform had really accomplished for the state .
Flags went up everywhere — you had flag bumper stickers , flag lapel pins , flag t- shirts , flags draping homes and buildings , flag - colored bunting .
Across the South , people even traded their defiant Confederate flags for Old Glory — swapping out their scrimmage jerseys for the team colors .
The Pledge of Allegiance took on a new , more sacred quality , as did the drinking game that is our national anthem ( from the article : “ If you could sing a stanza of the notoriously difficult melody and stay on key , you were sober enough for another round ” ) .
Dumbing Us Down : The H... Gatto , John Taylor Best Price : $ 1.48 Buy New $ 15.59 ( as of 03:50 EST - Details )
President Bush , until then known for his questionable election , the Enron scandal , and taking long vacations , suddenly became the great leader , warrior , and protector .
( Yes , the same guy who completely did n’t protect anyone from the attacks was now going to keep us safe — but let ’s not digress into reason ) .
We had Britney Spears and Ann Coulter to cheerlead the Prez .
Men and women in any sort of government - issued uniform became hallowed saints .
Our wise and noble leaders , all in their matching lapel pins , sat down at their desks and led the charge to war — war in Afghanistan , war in Iraq , and a hoped - for war in Iran , if they could squeeze it in .
Sure , here and there were clumps of the disaffected , those left - wingers and libertarians who did n’t support the Patriot Act , the Iraq invasion , or the general sense that our politicians and thinktankers would kill anyone who stood between them and the oil supplies of the Middle East and Central Asia .
But these were not serious people , not people who had TV talk shows and columns in the New York Times .
Not people who held high office .
Thanks to public education , we all knew that these were just that predictable handful of fringe weirdos , who are probably even now sneaking out back for a cigarette or a few bong rips .
The serious , sober - minded folks were out buying little flags to pin on themselves .
Question the war in those days , and many people would just give you a puzzled look , as if asking why they hated the Broncos .
“ Because they ’re our enemies ! ” According to whom ?
Had Iraq attacked us ?
“ What are you , on their side ?
You ’re either with us or against us ! ”
And the countless innocents who would die from the invasion ?
Probably fans of the other team , the jerks .
Even if you did n’t support the war , you should of course “ Support the Troops , ” preferably with a yellow magnet on your car ( do n’t use a sticker , it could scuff the paint ) .
Naturally , they ’re fighting for us , and it ’s important to support the home team , do n’t you know , even if the game itself seems pointless to you .
And support them only by keeping them at war , no matter what , for years and years and years , because quitters do n’t win the championship ring .
We need to bring home the gold .
For our country , our honor , etc .
And when it comes to politics , the same logic applies .
You can choose “ your ” team — there are two big ones — and then cheer for them , wear their t- shirts , wish harm upon the opposing team , and feel as if something ’s been accomplished when someone from your team wins a major office .
Between the shouting matches at bars and the flaming blog posts , you ’ll barely notice how truly powerless you are .
Dominion Bryan , J. L. Best Price : $ 10.00 Buy New null ( as of 02:50 EST - Details )
Gatto ’s work reveals many ways government schools are designed to break human beings into mindless , obedient machines .
There ’s the common teacher tactic of insulting and humiliating the kid who acts differently , or asks too many questions .
There ’s the charming custom of begging for permission to carry out basic bodily functions , which many a teacher gleefully denies — and you must have that hall pass so you can show your papers to the hall monitors , proving you have a right to pee .
Possibly most effective is the practice of age - ranked classes .
Every child naturally looks to older children and adults as role models .
The school denies us this , forcing kids to look to other kids their own age as role models .
Everybody strives to be like everybody else , the source of the common teenage lament that “ Everybody else dresses this way ! ” or “ Everybody else is going to the party ! ”
After more than a decade of this , we become adults desperate to prove to everyone else that we are just like everyone else .
Much character development is also lost in the other direction — older kids never learn the responsibility of looking out for younger kids , the understanding of subject matter that comes from helping to tutor them , or the fulfillment that comes from helping someone smaller and weaker than yourself .
All of this is useful for training obedient subjects who constantly adjust themselves to whatever they are told .
When it comes to the martial virtues , however , there ’s nothing quite like a properly managed team - sports program .
Kids can learn loyalty , teamwork , obedience , aggressiveness , and an animosity toward the " enemy " that can be snapped on at will .
Some of these may sound virtuous by themselves — but what about the German soldier who remains steadfastly loyal to Hitler , or engages in teamwork by helping operate a concentration camp ?
Those soldiers were several generations into the Prussian school system on which the American system is based .
Clearly , the individual needs an inner core of principles that he values more highly than the approval of the team , the coaches , and the rest of the school community .
Such fierce individualism is at the heart of what it means to be American , and what it means to be human , and it is something government schools will never teach .
June 23 , 2009
A Novel Response to LRC by JL Bryan is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License .
The Best of J. L. Bryan
The Religious Right generally has two standard explanations for its opposition to hate crimes legislation .
The first is that such legislation will outlaw criticism of homosexuality and end up getting pastors tossed into prison .
The second is this odd claim that such legislation will somehow provide legal protection to people who engage in bestiality or pedophilia :
The main purpose of this “ hate crime ” legislation is to add the categories of “ sexual orientation ” and “ gender identity , ” “ either actual or perceived , ” as new classes of individuals receiving special protection by federal law .
Sexual orientation includes heterosexuality , homosexuality , and bisexuality on an ever - expanding continuum .
Will Congress also protect these sexual orientations - zoophiles , pedophiles or polygamists ?
Media Matters catches Pat Robertson raising a similar point , asking if hate crimes legislation will protect “ some really weird [ person ] who likes to have sex with ducks ” or little boys :
Considering that the purpose of such legislation is to “ provide Federal assistance to States , local jurisdictions , and Indian tribes to prosecute hate crimes , ” how exactly would such legislation end up protecting pedophiles or zoophiles ?
Those things remain illegal .
Hate crimes legislation is aimed at , you know , prosecuting hate crimes , and targets anyone who “ willfully causes bodily injury to any person or , through the use of fire , a firearm , or an explosive or incendiary device , attempts to cause bodily injury to any person , because of the actual or perceived religion , national origin , gender , sexual orientation , gender identity , or disability of any person . ”
If you attack someone because they are gay , or because you think they are gay , you are going to get charged with a hate crime .
If you have sex with a duck , you are going to get charged with bestiality .
But what is not going to happen is that people who have sex with ducks are suddenly going to find their behavior “ protected ” because of the passage of hate crimes legislation .
The two things are utterly unrelated .
So the question the Right is really asking is : will you get charged with a hate crime for beating someone up because they had sex with a duck ?
Probably not , because bestiality is illegal , though you will likely be charged with assault .
Is there some vigilante group of conservative Christians out there taking physical retribution against suspected zoophiles that I am unaware of and whose mission will be fundamentally jeopardized by the passage of this legislation ?
Is the Religious Right planning on unleashing a campaign of violent beat - downs of suspected homosexuals at some point in the future that would have to be called off if this legislation passes ?
If not , then they need to stop using these sorts of lies and scare - tactics in their opposition to this legislation .
Until Epic partners with SEGA to produce a Sonic the Hedgehog : The Unreal Edition game , gamers will have to take matters into their own hands by creating custom maps , such as this fine example .
Video after the break .
( Thanks , Madison )
41 U.S. Counter - Terrorism and Intelligence Agency Veterans Challenge the Official Account of 9/11
by Alan Miller , alan.miller@PatriotsQuestion911.com
Official Account of 9/11 : “ Terribly Flawed , ” “ Laced with Contradictions , ” “ a Joke , ” “ a Cover - up ”
May 18 , 2009 – More than 40 U.S. Counter - Terrorism and Intelligence Agency veterans have severely criticized the official account of 9/11 and most have called for a new investigation .
It is outrageous that most Americans are entirely unaware of their publicly stated concerns -- a direct result of the refusal of national print and broadcast news organizations to cover this extremely important issue .
There is no denying the credibility of these individuals or their loyalty to their country as demonstrated by their years of service collecting and analyzing information and planning and carrying out operations critical to the national security of the United States .
These 41 individuals formerly served in the U.S. State Department , the National Security Agency , the Central Intelligence Agency , the Federal Bureau of Investigation , the Federal Aviation Administration , U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the branches of the U.S. Military .
They are listed below by their branch of service .
U.S. State Department
Terrell Arnold
Terrell E. Arnold , MA– Former Deputy Director of Counter - Terrorism and Emergency Planning , U.S. State Department .
Mr. Arnold is a leading expert on terrorism and counter - terrorism and the author of several books on the subjects .
In an extensive article in July 2007 , Mr. Arnold wrote , “ Washington leadership keeps the American people fixated on the events of 9/11 .
They have brought us no closer than we were on September 12 , 2001 , to resolving how it was executed and by what enemy .
They tell us repeatedly that it was the work of al Qaida , but they have yet to show us the proofs .
They told us the official version of what happened that day , but their story is laced with contradictions , and the facts visible on the ground at the time belie much of the official account .
...
As an alleged post 9/11 defense , the War on
Terrorism is a gigantic fraud . ” [ 1 ]
When asked in an interview in February 2009 , why he doubted the official account of 9/11 , Mr. Arnold responded , “ The nature of events in New York .
The buildings falling down .
I 'm not satisfied by the notion that planes hitting buildings constructed as these would have caused them to collapse .
The last building to fall was not even attacked .
…
The sheer mechanics of the event .
The chances of two buildings of that height and structure merely collapsing in their own footprint are extremely slim . ”
He also stated , “ There is a lot of work in getting sixteen people ready to commit voluntary and simultaneous suicide .
The case has not been made .
The official story is not persuasive because it does not address the real issues of complexity . ” [ 2 ]
Mr. Arnold ’s doubts about the collapse of the WTC towers is shared by William Christison , former Director of Regional and Political Analysis at the CIA , and others as described below .
Angelo Codevilla , PhD
Angelo Codevilla , PhD– Former U.S. State Department Foreign Service officer specializing in U.S. intelligence operations in Western Europe .
Member of President - elect Ronald Reagan 's State Department transition team and principal author of the team 's report on intelligence .
Former Staff Member , U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee dealing with oversight of the intelligence services 1977 - 1985 .
Former U.S. Navy officer .
Currently Vice Chairman of the U.S. Army War College Board of Visitors .
In March 2009 , Dr. Codevilla wrote , “ Seven years after Osama bin Laden 's last verifiable appearance among the living , there is more evidence for Elvis 's presence among us than for his .
Hence there is reason to ask whether the paradigm of Osama bin Laden as terrorism 's deus ex machina and of al Qaeda as the prototype of terrorism may be an artifact of our Best and Brightest 's imagination , and whether investment in this paradigm has kept our national security establishment from thinking seriously about our troubles ' sources .
So let us take a fresh look at the fundamentals .
“ Negative evidence alone compels the conclusion that Osama is long since dead .
Since October 2001 , when Al Jazeera 's Tayseer Alouni interviewed him , no reputable person reports having seen him — not even after multiple - blind journeys through intermediaries .
The audio and video tapes alleged to be Osama 's never convinced impartial observers .
The guy just does not look like Osama .
Some videos show him with a Semitic aquiline nose , while others show him with a shorter , broader one .
Next to that , differences between colors and styles of beard are small stuff .
“ Nor does the tapes ' Osama sound like Osama .
In 2007 Switzerland 's Dalle Molle Institute for Artificial Intelligence , which does computer voice recognition for bank security , compared the voices on 15 undisputed recordings of Osama with the voices on 15 subsequent ones attributed to Osama , to which they added two by native Arab speakers who had trained to imitate him and were reading his writings .
All of the purported Osama recordings ( with one falling into a gray area ) differed clearly from one another as well as from the genuine ones .
By contrast , the CIA found all the recordings authentic .
It is hard to imagine what methodology might support this conclusion . ” [ 3 ]
Edward Peck
Edward Peck– Former Deputy Coordinator , Covert Intelligence Programs , U.S. State Department .
He later served as Deputy Director of the White House Task Force on Terrorism under President Ronald Reagan .
Mr. Peck , a 32 - year veteran of the U.S. Foreign Service , also served as U.S. Ambassador and Chief of Mission in Iraq 1977 - 1980 .
In October 2004 , soon after the release of the 9/11 Commission Report , Mr. Peck and over 100 prominent Americans signed a petition urging Congress to immediately reinvestigate 9/11 .
The signers included former senior CIA officials , Raymond McGovern and Melvin Goodman , mentioned below , and three former State Department veterans not mentioned in this article : Daniel Ellsberg ; Fred Burks , a former interpreter for Presidents George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton ; and retired career Foreign Service officer Michael Springmann .
The petition stated , in part :
“ We want truthful answers to questions such as :
1 . Why were standard operating procedures for dealing with hijacked airliners not followed that day ?
2 . Why were the extensive missile batteries and air defenses reportedly deployed around the Pentagon not activated during the attack ?
3 . Why did the Secret Service allow Bush to complete his elementary school visit , apparently unconcerned about his safety or that of the schoolchildren ?
4 . Why has n't a single person been fired , penalized , or reprimanded for the gross incompetence we witnessed that day ?
5 . Why have n't authorities in the U.S. and abroad published the results of multiple investigations into trading that strongly suggested foreknowledge of specific details of the 9/11 attacks , resulting in tens of millions of dollars of traceable gains ? ” [ 4 ]
These questions and many others still remain unanswered more than four years after the petition was submitted and more than seven years after the terrible events of 9/11 .
National Security Agency
Lt. Col. Karen Kwiatkowski
A Pentagon eye - witness and a former member of the staff of the Director of the National Security Agency , Lt. Col .
Karen Kwiatkowski , PhD , U.S. Air Force ( ret ) , is a severe critic of the official account of 9/11 .
A contributing author to the 2006 book 9/11 and American Empire : Intellectuals Speak Out , edited by David Ray Griffin and Peter Dale Scott , she wrote , “ I believe the [ 9/11 ]
Commission failed to deeply examine the topic at hand , failed to apply scientific rigor to its assessment of events leading up to and including 9/11 , failed to produce a believable and unbiased summary of what happened , failed to fully examine why it happened , and even failed to include a set of unanswered questions for future research . ”
She continued , “ It is as a scientist that I have the most trouble with the official government conspiracy theory , mainly because it does not satisfy the rules of probability or physics .
The collapses of the World Trade Center buildings clearly violate the laws of probability and physics . ”
Lt. Col. Kwiatkowski was working in the Pentagon on 9/11 in her capacity as Political - Military Affairs officer in the Office of the Secretary of Defense when Flight 77 allegedly hit the Pentagon .
She wrote :
“ There was a dearth of visible debris on the relatively unmarked lawn , where I stood only minutes after the impact .
Beyond this strange absence of airliner debris , there was no sign of the kind of damage to the Pentagon structure one would expect from the impact of a large airliner .
This visible evidence or lack thereof may also have been apparent to the Secretary of Defense [ Donald Rumsfeld ] , who in an unfortunate slip of the tongue referred to the aircraft that slammed into the Pentagon as a ‘ missile . ’ [ 5 ] …
[ Secretary Rumsfeld also publicly referred to Flight 93 , which allegedly crashed into the ground near Shanksville , PA , as the plane that was ‘ shot down ’ over Pennsylvania . [ 6 ] ]
“ I saw nothing of significance at the point of impact - no airplane metal or cargo debris was blowing on the lawn in front of the damaged building as smoke billowed from within the Pentagon .
... [ A ]ll of us staring at the Pentagon that morning were indeed looking for such debris , but what we expected to see was not evident .
“ The same is true with regard to the kind of damage we expected .
...
But I did not see this kind of damage .
Rather , the facade had a rather small hole , no larger than 20 feet in diameter .
Although this facade later collapsed , it remained standing for 30 or 40 minutes , with the roof line remaining relatively straight .
“ The scene , in short , was not what I would have expected from a strike by a large jetliner .
It was , however , exactly what one would expect if a missile had struck the Pentagon .
...
More information is certainly needed regarding the events of 9/11 and the events leading up to that terrible day . ” [ 7 ]
Maj .
John Newman , PhD
Maj . John M. Newman , PhD , U.S. Army ( ret ) – Former Executive Assistant to the Director of the National Security Agency .
At a 2005 Congressional briefing he said , “ It falls to me this morning to bring to your attention the story of Saeed Sheikh , whose full name is Ahmed Omar Saeed Sheikh , and his astonishing rise to power in Al Qaeda , his crucial role in 9/11 , which is completely , utterly , missing from the 9/11 Commission report …
“ The 9/11 Commission which studied US intelligence and law enforcement community performance in great detail , ( maybe not so much great detail , but they did ) , neglected to cover the community ’s performance during the weeks following the attacks to determine who was responsible for them , not a word about that in the Report .
“ The Report does discuss the immediate US responses but the immediate investigation is never addressed , and anyone who has closely studied the post - 9/11 investigation knows that the first breakthrough came two weeks into the investigation when the money transfers from the United Arab Emirates to the hijackers were uncovered .
“ Furthermore , if you have studied that investigation , you know there is no disputing that while investigators may have struggled with the identity of the paymaster , they were clear about one thing , he was Al Qaeda ’s finance chief .
For this reason alone you have to ask why the 9/11 Commission Report never mentions the finance chief ’s role as the 9/11 paymaster . ” [ 8 ]
Despite the general knowledge since October 2001 , even reported in the Wall Street Journal [ 9 ] , that Omar Saeed Sheikh wired more than $ 100,000 to Mohamed Atta under instructions from General Mahmud Ahmed , the head of Pakistan 's Inter - Services Intelligence ( ISI ) , the 9/11 Commission Report states , “ The 9/11 plotters eventually spent somewhere between $ 400,000 and $ 500,000 to plan and conduct their attack . …
The origin of the funds remains unknown …. ” and “ Similarly , we have seen no evidence that any foreign government -- or government official -- supplied any funding . ”
Central Intelligence Agency
Seven CIA veterans have severely criticized the official account of 9/11 and have called for a new investigation .
“ I think at simplest terms , there ’s a cover - up .
The 9/11 Report is a joke , ” [ 10 ] said Raymond McGovern , 27 - year veteran of the CIA , who chaired National Intelligence Estimates during the 1970’s .
“ There are a whole bunch of unanswered questions .
And the reason they ’re unanswered is because this [ Bush ] administration will not answer the questions . ”
McGovern , who is also the founder of VIPS ( Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity ) , is one of many signers of the petition to reinvestigate 9/11 , mentioned above .
Ray McGovern
During his 27 - year CIA career , McGovern personally delivered intelligence briefings to Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush , their Vice Presidents , Secretaries of State , the Joint Chiefs of Staff , and many other senior government officials .
Upon retirement in 1990 , McGovern was awarded the CIA ’s Intelligence Commendation Medallion and received a letter of appreciation from then - President George H. W. Bush .
However , McGovern returned the award [ 11 ] in 2006 in protest of the George W. Bush Administration ’s advocacy and use of torture .
In his endorsement of 9/11 and American Empire : Intellectuals Speak Out , edited by David Ray Griffin and Peter Dale Scott , McGovern wrote , “ It has long been clear that the Bush - Cheney administration cynically exploited the attacks of 9/11 to promote its imperial designs .
But the present volume confronts us with evidence for an even more disturbing conclusion : that the 9/11 attacks were themselves orchestrated by this administration precisely so they could be thus exploited .
If this is true , it is not merely the case , as the Downing Street memos show , that the stated reason for attacking Iraq was a lie .
It is also the case that the whole ‘ war on terror ’ was based on a prior deception .
This book hence confronts the American people --- indeed the people of the world as a whole --- with an issue second to none in importance and urgency .
I give this book , which in no way can be dismissed as the ravings of ‘ paranoid conspiracy theorists , ’ my highest possible recommendation . ” [ 12 ]
Mr. McGovern is not alone in referring to the 9/11 Commission Report as a “ joke . ” William Christison , former Director of Regional and Political Analysis at the CIA , also called the report “ a joke ” .
Nor is Mr. McGovern alone in referring to it as “ a cover - up . ” Melvin Goodman , former Division Chief of the CIA ’s Office of Soviet Affairs , also called it a “ cover - up . ” ( see below )
William Christison
William Christison , a 29 - year CIA veteran , former National Intelligence Officer ( NIO ) and former Director of the CIA 's Office of Regional and Political Analysis describes the 9/11 Commission Report as a “ joke ” and offers even more outspoken criticism .
In a 2006 podcast interview by George Kenney of Electric Politics , Christison said , “ We very seriously need an entirely new very high level and truly independent investigation of the events of 9/11 .
I think you almost have to look at the 9/11 Commission Report as a joke and not a serious piece of analysis at all . ” , a 29 - year CIA veteran , former National Intelligence Officer ( NIO ) and former Director of the CIA 's Office of Regional and Political Analysis describes the 9/11 Commission Report as a “ joke ” and offers even more outspoken criticism .
In a 2006 podcast interview by George Kenney of Electric Politics , Christison said , “ We very seriously need an entirely new very high level and truly independent investigation of the events of 9/11 .
I think you almost have to look at the 9/11 Commission Report as a joke and not a serious piece of analysis at all . ” [ 13 ]
Christison is a member of the Scientific Panel Investigating Nine - Eleven , an organization that states , “ We have found solid scientific grounds on which to question the interpretation put upon the events of September 11 , 2001 , by the Office of the President of the United States of America and subsequently propagated by the major media of western nations . ” [ 14 ]
In his 2007 endorsement of David Ray Griffin ’s book , Debunking 9/11 Debunking , Christison wrote , “ [ There ’s ] a strong body of evidence showing the official U.S. Government story of what happened on September 11 , 2001 , to be almost certainly a monstrous series of lies . ” [ 15 ]
And in an online essay in late 2006 , he wrote , “ I have come to believe that significant parts of the [ alternative ] 9/11 theories are true , and that therefore significant parts of the “ official story ” put out by the U.S. government and the 9/11 Commission are false .
I now think there is persuasive evidence that the events of September did not unfold as the Bush administration and the 9/11 Commission would have us believe . …
An airliner almost certainly did not hit The Pentagon . …
The North and South Towers of the World Trade Center almost certainly did not collapse and fall to earth because hijacked aircraft hit them . ” [ 16 ]
Prior to his retirement from the CIA in 1979 , Christison served as Director of the CIA 's Office of Regional and Political Analysis overseeing 200 analysts who collected intelligence and provided analysis on all regions and every country in the world .
Prior to that , he served as one of only a handful of National Intelligence Officers ( NIO ) in the intelligence community .
NIO ’s are responsible for the intelligence community efforts in a particular subject area of national security and are the principal advisors to the Director of Central Intelligence .
Melvin Goodman , PhD
Melvin Goodman , PhD , is another former senior CIA official who calls the 9/11 Commission Report a “ cover - up ” and who signed the petition to reinvestigate 9/11 .
Goodman served as Division Chief of the CIA ’s Office of Soviet Affairs and Senior Analyst from 1966 - 1990 .
He also served as Professor of International Security at the National War College 1986 - 2004 .
In testimony before a 2005 Congressional briefing on the 9/11 Commission Report , Goodman said , “ This is an important examination of a 9/11 Commission that was an historic opportunity that was missed and a 9/11 Commission study that is terribly flawed .
...
“ I think the 9/11 Commission has taught me that we need to be extremely rigorous and extremely tenacious in pursuing that truth , because there is a corporate mentality in this country that is working against allowing the truth to surface , even in tragedies , such as the 9/11 tragedy .
...
“ I want to talk about the [ 9/11 ]
Commission itself , about the flawed process of the Commission and finally about the conflict of interest within the Commission that is extremely important to understand the failure of the Commission . …
The final report is ultimately a cover - up .
I do n't know how else to describe it . ” [ 17 ]
Goodman is senior fellow and director of the National Security Program at the Center for International Policy and adjunct professor of government at Johns Hopkins University .
Robert Baer
Robert Baer is another well - known CIA veteran who has questioned the official account of 9/11 .
A 21 - year CIA veteran and specialist in the Middle East , Baer was awarded the Career Intelligence Medal upon his retirement in 1997 .
Pulitzer Prize - winning journalist Seymour Hersh wrote that Baer “ was considered perhaps the best on - the - ground field officer in the Middle East . ” is another well - known CIA veteran who has questioned the official account of 9/11 .
A 21 - year CIA veteran and specialist in the Middle East , Baer was awarded the Career Intelligence Medal upon his retirement in 1997 .
Pulitzer Prize - winning journalist Seymour Hersh wrote that Baer “ was considered perhaps the best on - the - ground field officer in the Middle East . ” [ 18 ]
After retirement , Baer wrote two best - selling non-fiction books about the CIA ; See No Evil and Sleeping with the Devil , the former serving as the basis for the Academy Award - winning movie Syriana , starring George Clooney .
Baer was also the writer and on - camera commentator for the Emmy Award - nominated documentary Cult of the Suicide Bomber .
Baer has repeatedly questioned whether al - Qaida could have accomplished 9/11 alone .
In a 2002 essay for The Guardian , Baer wrote , “ Did bin Laden act alone , through his own al - Qaida network , in launching the attacks ?
About that I 'm far more certain and emphatic : no . ” [ 19 ]
In 2006 , during a radio interview by Thom Hartmann , Baer , after commenting on the financial profits being made from 9/11 , was asked : “ What about political profit ?
There are those who suggest that ... someone in that chain of command ... had pretty good knowledge that 9/11 was going to happen -- and really did n't do much to stop it -- or even obstructed efforts to stop it because they thought it would lend legitimacy to Bush 's ... failing presidency . ”
Baer replied : “ Absolutely . ”
Hartmann then asked , “ So you are personally of the opinion ... that there was an aspect of ' inside job ' to 9/11 within the U.S. government ? ”
To which Baer replied , “ There is that possibility , the evidence points at it . ”
When Hartmann continued , “ And why is it not being investigated ? , ” Baer replied , “ Why is n't the WMD story being investigated ?
Why has n't anybody been held accountable for 9/11 ?
We held people accountable after Pearl Harbor .
Why has there been no change in command ?
Why have there been no political repercussions ?
Why has there been no -- any sort of exposure on this ?
It really makes you wonder . ” [ 20 ]
And in February 2008 , Baer wrote , “ There are enough discrepancies and unanswered questions in the 9/11 Commission Report that under a friendly administration , the 9/11 investigation should be re-opened . ” [ 21 ]
In his endorsement of the revised and updated edition of David Ray Griffin ’s Debunking 9/11 Debunking , Baer wrote , “ Until we get a complete , honest , transparent investigation - - not one based on ' confession ' extracted by torture -- we will never know what happened on 9/11 . ” [ 22 ]
Robert David Steele
" I am forced to conclude that 9/11 was at a minimum allowed to happen as a pretext for war , ” wrote well - known intelligence analyst Robert David Steele in 2006 in a review of the book , 9/11 Synthetic Terror by Webster Tarpley .
Steele is the author of numerous books on the intelligence services and is currently the CEO of OSS. net , a proponent of Open Source Intelligence .
Steele has 25 years of combined service in the CIA and the U.S. Marine Corps .
He also served as the second ranking civilian ( GS - 14 ) in U.S. Marine Corps Intelligence from 1988 - 1992 and was a member of the adjunct faculty of Marine Corps University .
Steele continued , “ I have to tell anyone who cares to read this : I believe it .
I believe it enough to want a full investigation that passes the smell test of the 9/11 families as well as objective outside observers . ” [ 23 ]
In a subsequent interview on the Alex Jones Show , Steele said , “ The U.S. government did not properly investigate this [ 9/11 ] and there are more rocks to be turned over , ” and added , “ I 'm absolutely certain that WTC 7 was brought down by controlled demolition and that , as far as I 'm concerned , means that this case has not been properly investigated .
There 's no way that building could have come down without controlled demolition . ” [ 24 ]
On September 14 , 2004 , a group of 25 military , intelligence service and law enforcement veterans sent a joint letter to Congress expressing their concerns about “ serious shortcomings , ” “ omissions , ” and “ major flaws ” in the 9/11 Commission Report and offering their services for a new investigation .
Their letter was apparently entirely ignored .
Among the signers were four CIA veterans ; Raymond McGovern and Melvin Goodman ( both mentioned above ) and David MacMichael and Lynn Larkin .
David MacMichael , PhD
David MacMichael , PhD– Former Senior Estimates Officer at the CIA with special responsibility for western hemisphere affairs at the CIA 's National Intelligence Council .
Prior to joining the CIA , he served as a U.S. Marine Corps officer for ten years and for four years as a counter - insurgency advisor to the government .
Lynne Larkin – Former CIA Operations
Officer who served in several CIA foreign stations before being assigned to the CIA 's Counter - Intelligence Center .
There , she co-chaired a multi-agency task force , which , among other functions , provided direction to other federal agencies for coordinating intelligence efforts among the many intelligence and law enforcement agencies .
Their letter read : " [ W ]e the undersigned wish to bring to the attention of the Congress and the people of the United States what we believe are serious shortcomings in the report and its recommendations . …
“ Omission is one of the major flaws in the Commission ’s report .
We are aware of significant issues and cases that were duly reported to the commission by those of us with direct knowledge , but somehow escaped attention . …
“ The omission of such serious and applicable issues and information by itself renders the report flawed , and casts doubt on the validity of many of its recommendations .
...
“ The Commission , with its incomplete report of “ facts and circumstances ” , intentional avoidance of assigning accountability , and disregard for the knowledge , expertise and experience of those who actually do the job , has now set about pressuring our Congress and our nation to hastily implement all its recommendations . …
“ We the undersigned , who have worked within various government agencies ( FBI , CIA , FAA , DIA , Customs ) responsible for national security and public safety , call upon you in Congress to include the voices of those with first - hand knowledge and expertise in the important issues at hand .
We stand ready to do our part . ” [ 25 ]
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Nine FBI veterans were among the 25 military , intelligence services , and law enforcement veterans who signed the above - mentioned September 14 , 2004 , letter to Congress challenging the 9/11 Commission Report and requesting a new investigation into 9/11 .
Edward J. Costello , Jr.
John M. Cole
Sibel Edmonds
Rosemary N. Dew
Edward J. Costello , Jr. – Former Special Agent , Counterespionage , FBI .
Former Judge pro tem. , Los Angeles , CA .
John M. Cole – Former Intelligence Operations Specialist , in the FBI ’s Counterintelligence Division .
In charge of FBI ’s foreign intelligence investigations covering India , Pakistan and Afghanistan .
18 - year FBI career .
Mr. Cole currently works as a senior counterintelligence analyst .
Sibel D. Edmonds – Witness before the 9/11 Commission .
Former Language Translation Specialist , performing translations for counterterrorism and counterintelligence operations , FBI .
She is founder and president of the National Security Whistleblowers Coalition .
In a personal letter to the 9/11 Commission in August 2004 , Ms. Edmonds wrote , “ I find your report seriously flawed in its failure to address serious intelligence issues that I am aware of , which have been confirmed , and which as a witness to the commission , I made you aware of .
Thus , I must assume that other serious issues that I am not aware of were in the same manner omitted from your report .
These omissions cast doubt on the validity of your report and therefore on its conclusions and recommendations . ” [ 26 ]
Rosemary N. Dew – Former Supervisory Special Agent , Counterterrorism and Counterintelligence , FBI .
Former member of The President 's National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee ( NSTAC ) and the Electronic Commerce / Cyber Crime Working Group. 13 - year FBI career .
Gilbert M. Graham – Retired Special Agent , who served in the FBI ’s Washington Field Office Counterintelligence Division .
24 - year FBI career .
Behrooz Sarshar – Witness before the 9/11 Commission .
Retired Language Translation Specialist , performing Farsi translations for counterterrorism and counterintelligence operations dealing with Iran and Afghanistan , FBI .
Jane A. Turner – Retired Special Agent , FBI . 24 - year FBI career .
John B. Vincent – Retired Special Agent , Counterterrorism , FBI . 27 - year FBI career .
Fred Whitehurst , JD , PhD – Retired Supervisory Special Agent / Laboratory Forensic Examiner , FBI . 16 - year FBI career .
Former U.S. Army Intelligence Officer .
Other FBI veterans have independently spoken out about their concerns with the official account of 9/11 .
Coleen Rowley
Coleen Rowley
– Former Special Agent and Minneapolis Division Counsel , FBI. 24 - year FBI career .
Agent Rowley was selected one of Time Magazine 's three 2002 Persons of the Year for revealing FBI headquarters ' efforts to “ throw up roadblocks and undermine ” FBI field investigations of al - Qaida operatives in the four weeks prior to 9/11 .
On May 21 , 2002 , Agent Rowley sent a 13 - page letter to FBI Director Robert Mueller stating , “ The fact is that key FBIHQ personnel whose job it was to assist and coordinate with field division agents on terrorism investigations and the obtaining and use of FISA searches ( and who theoretically were privy to many more sources of intelligence information than field division agents ) , continued to , almost inexplicably , throw up roadblocks and undermine Minneapolis ' by - now desperate efforts to obtain a FISA search warrant , long after the French intelligence service provided its information and probable cause became clear .
HQ personnel brought up almost ridiculous questions in their apparent efforts to undermine the probable cause .
...
“ When , in a desperate 11th hour measure to bypass the FBIHQ roadblock , the Minneapolis Division undertook to directly notify the CIA 's Counter Terrorist Center ( CTC ) , FBIHQ personnel actually chastised the Minneapolis agents for making the direct notification without their approval ...
“ I know I should n't be flippant about this , but jokes were actually made that the key FBIHQ personnel had to be spies or moles , like Robert Hansen , who were actually working for Osama Bin Laden to have so undercut Minneapolis ' effort . ” [ 27 ]
In an interview in September 2005 , Agent Rowley stated , “ And what I did was , I think , I put the first good dent in the blanket defense that for 8 and a half , 9 months , was holding -- that 9/11 could not have been prevented .
“ ... we were all settling for , ‘ 9/11 could not have been prevented ’ , it was ‘ hindsight ’ .
Condi Rice , ‘ Well , no one could have ever imagined that someone would fly …’ and of course , when she says that , she ’s disregarding a whole bunch of things .
People are letting her get away with it .
She ’s disregarding the fact of two or three prior incidents of people trying to fly planes into buildings , attempted takeovers of cockpits …
We ’re also ignoring the fact that in Minneapolis [ FBI office ] , the acting supervisor , arguing with [ FBI ] headquarters said , ‘ This is a guy [ Zacarias Moussaoui ] that could fly a plane into the World Trade Center ’ on August 22nd ! ” [ 28 ]
Despite Agent Rowley 's high - profile revelations and intimate knowledge of FBI headquarters ’ efforts to obstruct investigations of al - Qaida - related terrorist activities in the four weeks prior to 9/11 , the 9/11 Commission never interviewed her .
The 9/11 Commission 's “ full and complete account of the circumstances surrounding the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks ” contains no mention of her allegations that FBI headquarters “ continued to , almost inexplicably , throw up roadblocks and undermine ” FBI field agent counterterrorism efforts .
The 9/11 Commission Report only obliquely mentions Agent Rowley in a single footnote .
Robert G. Wright , Jr.
Robert G. Wright , Jr. – Special Agent , International Terrorism Unit , FBI .
The only FBI agent to seize terrorist funds ( over $ 1.4 million ) from U.S. - based Middle Eastern terrorists using federal civil forfeiture statutes , prior to 9/11 .
17 - year FBI veteran .
In May 2002 , Agent Wright filed a lawsuit against the FBI seeking approval for publication of his 500 - page manuscript , submitted 7 months earlier .
The complaint stated , “ The FBI 's conscious failure to undertake criminal investigations of suspected terrorists in the United States was further shown when managers from the FBI 's headquarters ( FBIHQ ) Counterterrorism Division met with the Joint Terrorism Task Force ( JTTF ) in Chicago and admitted to SA Wright that no one at FBIHQ reviewed or attempted to link all the reports filed by the FBI field offices regarding terrorist activities in the United States .
...
“ Regrettably , the largest obstacles to SA Wright 's criminal investigation efforts of the HAMAS enterprise in the United States were the management of the Chicago field office and the FBIHQ Counterterrorism Division in Washington , D.C. ...
“ SA Wright 's successful investigation , codename Vulgar Betrayal , led to the June 9 , 1998 , seizure of $ 1.4 million of funds destined for terrorist activities .
...
The seized funds were directly linked to Saudi businessman Yassin Kadi .
On October 12 , 2001 , Yassin Kadi , aka Yassin al - Qadi , was designated by the U.S. Government as a financial supporter of Osama Bin Laden .
According to a U.S. Government source , Kadi provided $ 3 million to Bin Laden and his al - Qaida organization . ” [ 29 ]
The government watchdog group Judicial Watch assisted Agent Wright in his lawsuit and in a September 2002 press release stated , “ The FBI continues to illegally refuse the release of SA Wright ’s 500 page manuscript , Fatal Betrayals of the Intelligence Mission , that SA Wright submitted for prepublication review in October 2001 .
In fact , the FBI refused to turn the manuscript over to Sen. Richard C. Shelby , Vice Chairman of the [ U.S. Congress ] Joint Intelligence Committee , charged with investigating the FBI ’s intelligence failures . ” [ 30 ]
Amazingly , Agent Wright was never called as a witness by the 9/11 Commission , nor is he mentioned in the 9/11 Commission 's “ full and complete account of the circumstances surrounding the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks ” nor the Commission 's separate 155 - page Monograph on Terrorist Financing :
Despite Agent Wright 's highly visible and credible criticism of the FBI 's handling of investigations of suspected terrorists prior to 9/11 ,
Despite the very public controversy caused by the refusal of the FBI to provide his 500 - page manuscript to the U.S. Congress ' Joint Intelligence Committee Investigation of 9/11 ( JICI ) ,
Despite the fact that he was the only FBI agent to seize terrorist funds ( over $ 1.4 million ) from U.S. - based Middle Eastern terrorists using federal civil forfeiture statutes , prior to 9/11 , and
Despite the fact that one of the people directly connected to the $ 1.4 million seized by Agent Wright was Yassin al - Qadi , aka Yassin Kadi , who on 10/12/01 was designated by Presidential Executive Order 13224 as a “ Specially Designated Global Terrorist ” and financial supporter of Osama bin Laden and had his financial assets frozen in the United States .
Yassin al - Qadi is also not mentioned in the 9/11 Commission Report and is only mentioned obliquely in one footnote in the Commission 's 155 - page Monograph on Terrorist Financing .
ABC News reported in December 2002 , “ In a dramatic interview with ABCNEWS , FBI special agents and partners Robert Wright and John Vincent say they were called off criminal investigations of suspected terrorists tied to the deadly bombings of two U.S. embassies in Africa .
U.S. officials say al Qaeda was responsible for the embassy attacks and the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks in the United States .
“ September the 11th is a direct result of the incompetence of the FBI 's International Terrorism Unit .
No doubt about that .
Absolutely no doubt about that , ” Wright said .
“ You can't know the things I know and not go public . ” …
“ The supervisor who was there from headquarters was right straight across from me and started yelling at me : ‘ You will not open criminal investigations .
I forbid any of you .
You will not open criminal investigations against any of these intelligence subjects , ’ ” Wright said .
Even though they were on a terrorism task force and said they had proof of criminal activity , Wright said he was told not to pursue the matter . ” [ 31 ]
Federal Aviation Administration
Three FAA counter - terrorism veterans were among the 25 military , intelligence services , and law enforcement veterans who signed the above - mentioned September 14 , 2004 , letter to Congress challenging the 9/11 Commission Report and requesting a new investigation into 9/11 .
Bogdan Dzakovic
Steve Elson
Bogdan Dzakovic – Witness before the 9/11 Commission .
14 - year Counter - terrorism expert in the Security Division of the Federal Aviation Administration .
Team leader of the FAA 's Red ( Terrorism ) Team , which conducted undercover tests on airport security through simulated terrorist attacks .
Former team leader in the Federal Air Marshal program .
Former Coast Guard officer .
In the video documentary Inside 9/11 broadcast in August 2005 , Mr. Dzakovic stated , “ What happened on Sept. 11 , 2001 , was not a failure in the system ; it was a system that was deliberately designed to fail .
And the 9/11 Commission failed in not documenting why that was allowed to happen . ” [ 32 ]
In the documentary On Native Soil , also broadcast in August 2005 , Mr. Dzakovic stated , “ The best I could say about it is they really botched the job by not really going into the real failures .
…
At worst , I think the 9/11 Commission Report is treasonous . ” [ 33 ]
Steve Elson– Former Special Agent with the U.S. Navy , DEA and FAA .
Specialist in Counterterrorism , Intelligence , and Security .
Twenty - two years military experience , primarily in Naval Special Warfare .
Retired Navy SEAL .
Nine years service with the FAA and DEA .
Mr. Elson holds a Masters Degree in National Security Affairs / Naval Intelligence with a focus on terrorism .
Mr. Elson was interviewed for an article in Salon.com in August 2004 , which reported , “ A former Navy SEAL and Drug Enforcement Administration rep in South America , Elson is not a timid man .
‘ I 'd give the commission a ' D ' for investigating the FAA , ’ he declares .
...
‘ The commissioners knew a lot more than they included in the 9/11 report , ’ he says .
‘ They sold out . ’ ” [ 34 ]
Lt. Col. Brian F. Sullivan , U.S. Army Military Police ( ret ) – Former Special Agent for the FAA 's New England Region Security Division , where he was a Risk Program Management Specialist .
A graduate of the U.S. Army Command and General Staff College , with additional Bachelors degree in Liberal Arts / History from Northeastern University and a Masters Degree in Education from the former Boston State College .
U.S. Customs and Border Protection Mark Conrad , JD Raymond Ciccolilli
Mark Conrad , JD– Retired Agent in Charge , Internal Affairs , U.S. Customs , responsible for the internal integrity and security for areas encompassing nine states and two foreign locations .
Former Federal Sky Marshall. 27 - year U.S. Customs career .
Mr. Conrad was one of the 25 military , intelligence services , and law enforcement veterans who signed the above - mentioned September 14 , 2004 , letter to Congress challenging the 9/11 Commission Report and requesting a new investigation into 9/11 .
Raymond Ciccolilli – Former U.S. Sky Marshal and Senior U.S. Customs Inspector , retired after 33 years .
In a statement of support for the Architects and Engineers petition for a new investigation of 9/11 , he wrote , “ I am ashamed that I spent so many years defending the borders only to now know that we are now living the most corrupt time in all of U.S. history .
I had some questions in my mind about all the circumstances involved in 9/11 but it was n't until I watched this DVD did all the pieces of the puzzle fall into place .
I guess , I , too , was living in denial .
No one wants to believe this , but having witnessed two jet plane crashes in the past , and watching the Trade Center buildings collapse , I know that the facts do not add up .
“ After viewing several other documentaries on 9/11 , I am now convinced these building were deliberately destroyed .
Someone has to be held accountable . ” [ 35 ]
Department of Defense and U.S. Military Intelligence Veterans
Gen. Albert Stubblebine
Major General Albert Stubblebine , U.S. Army ( ret ) , former Commanding General of U.S. Army Intelligence and Security Command ( INSCOM ) , is a strong critic of the official account of 9/11 .
In the 2006 video documentary One Nation Under Siege , he said , “ One of my experiences in the Army was being in charge of the Army ’s Imagery Interpretation for Scientific and Technical Intelligence during the Cold War .
I measured pieces of Soviet equipment from photographs .
It was my job .
I look at the hole in the Pentagon and I look at the size of an airplane that was supposed to have hit the Pentagon .
And I said , ‘ The plane does not fit in that hole ’ .
So what did hit the Pentagon ?
What hit it ?
Where is it ?
What 's going on ? ” [ 36 ]
During his 32 - year Army career , Gen. Stubblebine also commanded the U.S. Army ’s Electronic Research and Development Command and the U.S. Army ’s Intelligence School and Center .
Gen. Stubblebine is one of the inductees into the Military Intelligence Hall of Fame . [ 37 ]
Morton Goulder
Morton Goulder ( 1921 – 2008 ) was appointed Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Warning under President Richard Nixon and continued in that capacity under Presidents Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter .
In World War II , he served as a Lt. Commander in the U.S. Navy .
He was a co-founder of Sanders Associates , a large defense contractor .
In October 2004 , three months after the release of the 9/11 Commission Report , Mr. Goulder and over 100 prominent Americans signed a petition urging Congress to immediately reinvestigate 9/11 .
( See above , State Department : Edward Peck . )
Senator Mike Gravel
Senator Mike Gravel– Former U.S. Army officer , serving as the Adjutant in the Communications Intelligence Service in Germany and as a Special Agent in the Counter Intelligence Corps in France .
Former U.S. Senator from Alaska , most well known for entering over 4,000 pages of the Pentagon Papers into the U.S. Senate record , thus making public the secret official study that revealed the lies and manipulations of successive U.S. administrations that misled the country into the Vietnam War .
Senator Gravel is a member of Political Leaders for 9/11 Truth , an organization which states ,
“ Scholars and professionals with various kinds of expertise -- including architects , engineers , firefighters , intelligence officers , lawyers , medical professionals , military officers , philosophers , religious leaders , physical scientists , and pilots -- have spoken out about radical discrepancies between the official account of the 9/11 attacks and what they , as independent researchers , have learned .
“ They have established beyond any reasonable doubt that the official account of 9/11 is false and that , therefore , the official ‘ investigations ’ have really been cover - up operations .
“ Thus far , however , there has been no response from political leaders in Washington or , for that matter , in other capitals around the world .
Our organization , Political Leaders for 9/11 Truth , has been formed to help bring about such a response . ” [ 38 ]
Wayne Madsen
Wayne Madsen– Former U.S. Navy
Intelligence officer , specialist in electronic surveillance and security .
Formerly assigned to the National Security Agency and the State Department .
Currently , investigative journalist , nationally distributed columnist , and author .
Senior Fellow , Electronic Privacy Information Center ( EPIC ) , a non-partisan privacy public advocacy group in Washington , DC .
In a November 2006 speech , he said , “ After five years of talking to many individuals in the intelligence community , in the military , foreign intelligence agencies , and a whole host of other people , people from the air traffic control community , the FAA , I came to the conclusion that after five years what we saw happen on that morning of September 11 , 2001 , was the result of a highly - compartmentalized covert operation to bring about a fascist coup in this country .
...
“ These people need to be brought to justice , if not by our own Congress , then by an international tribunal in The Hague , in the Netherlands .
Bush , Blair , Rumsfeld , Cheney should be sitting in the same dockets where Milosevic and the Croatia - Serbia war criminals sat . ” [ 39 ]
John Loftus
John Loftus – Former U.S. Army Intelligence officer .
Former Federal Prosecutor , Office of Special Investigations , U.S. Justice Department under Presidents Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan .
In a September 2003 commentary in The Guardian by Michael Meacher , Member of the UK Parliament and former Minister of the Environment , titled This War on Terrorism is Bogus , Mr. Loftus was quoted , “ The information provided by European intelligence services prior to 9/11 was so extensive that it is no longer possible for either the CIA or FBI to assert a defence of incompetence . ” [ 40 ]
The 9/11 Commission Report states that only three of the alleged hijackers were known to U.S. intelligence agencies prior to 9/11 : Nawaf al - Hazmi , Salem al - Hazmi , and Khalid al - Mihdar .
There is no mention in the Report that the names and photographs of alleged hijacker Marwan al - Shehhi and alleged ring - leader Mohamed Atta had been identified by the Department of Defense counter - terrorism program known as Able Danger more than a year prior to 9/11 and that they were known to be affiliates of al - Qaida .
Able Danger also identified Nawaf al - Hazmi and Khalid al - Mihdar .
Lt. Col. Anthony Shaffer
Lt. Col. Anthony Shaffer , former Chief of the Army ’s Controlled HUMINT ( Human Intelligence ) Program , overseeing Army Intelligence and Security Command ’s global controlled HUMINT efforts .
In testimony before the House Armed Services Committee in 2006 , Lt. Col .
Shafferstated : “ [ B]asic law enforcement investigative techniques , with 21st Century data mining and analytical tools ... resulted in the establishment of a new form of intelligence collection – and the identification of Mohammed Atta and several other of the 9 - 11 terrorists as having links to Al Qaeda leadership a full year in advance of the attacks .
...
“ After contact by two separate members of the ABLE DANGER team , … the 9 - 11 [ Commission ] staff refused to perform any in - depth review or investigation of the issues that were identified to them . …
It was their job to do a thorough investigation of these claims -- to not simply dismiss them based on what many now believe was a ‘ preconceived ’ conclusion to the 9 - 11 story they wished to tell . …
I consider this a failure of the 9 - 11 staff -- a failure that the 9 - 11 Commissioners themselves were victimized by -- and continue to have perpetrated on them by the staff as is evidenced by their recent , groundless conclusion that ABLE DANGER ’s findings were ‘ urban legend . ’ ” [ 41 ]
A 23 - year military intelligence veteran , Lt. Col .
Shaffer was recently awarded the Bronze Star for bravery in Afghanistan .
In a 2005 interview on Fox News , he stated , “ Why did this operation , which was created in ‘ 99 to target al - Qaida globally , offensively , why was that turned off in the spring of 2001 , four months before we were attacked ?
I can't answer that , either .
I can tell you I was ordered out of the operation directly by a two - star general . ” [ 42 ]
Capt . Scott J. Phillpott
Capt . Scott J. Phillpott , U.S. Navy – Former head of the Able Danger data mining program that targeted al - Qaida ’s global structure and former Commanding Officer of the guided - missile cruiser USS Leyte Gulf .
In August 2005 , Capt. Phillpott stated in support of Lt. Col .
Shaffer ’s statement : “ I will not discuss this outside of my chain of command .
I have briefed the Department of the Army , the Special Operations Command and the office of ( Undersecretary of Defense for Intelligence ) Dr. Cambone as well as the 9/11 Commission .
My story has remained consistent .
Atta was identified by Able Danger in January / February 2000 . ” [ 43 ]
Capt .
Phillpott is a U.S. Naval Academy graduate , who during his 23 years of Navy service has been awarded the Legion of Merit , Defense Meritorious Service Medal , three Meritorious Service Medals , the Joint Service Commendation Medal , two Navy Commendation Medals , and the Navy Achievement Medal .
Maj . Scott Ritter
Maj . Scott Ritter – Former U.S. Marine Corps Intelligence officer who also served as Chief Weapons Inspector for the United Nations Special Commission in Iraq 1991 - 1998 .
In 2005 , he said : “ I , like the others , are frustrated by the 9/11 Commission Report , by the lack of transparency on the part of the United States government , both in terms of the executive branch and the legislative branch when it comes to putting out on the table all facts known to the 9/11 case . ” [ 44 ]
In January 2008 , in reply to a question , Maj .
Ritter stated , “ You articulated the one argument that I support whole - heartedly , which is the absolute requirement to find out what happened ; that the 9/11 Commission 's Report is inadequate to the task .
And that until they answer all the questions , you will leave open , at least in the mind of certain individuals , the possibility of collusion , the possibility of conspiracy ...
“ We have an absolute requirement to know what happened on 9/11 .
And no stone should be left unturned .
And the 9/11 Commission Report was not up to the task .
And there must be a re-opening of the investigation , so that we the people of the United States know what occurred on that horrific day . ” [ 45 ]
Capt .
Eric May
Capt . Eric H. May– Former U.S. Army Intelligence officer who also served as an inspector and interpreter for the Intermediate Nuclear Forces Treaty team .
Capt .
May is one of more than 100 prominent Americans who signed the October 2004 petition urging Congress to immediately reinvestigate 9/11 , which is mentioned above .
In 2005 , Capt .
May wrote : “ As a former Army officer , my tendency immediately after 9/11 was to rally ‘ round the colors and defend the country against what I then thought was an insidious , malicious all - Arab entity called Al - Qaida .
“ In fact , in April of 2002 , I attempted to reactivate my then - retired commission to return to serve my country in its time of peril .
...
“ Now I view the 9/11 event as Professor David Griffin , author of The New Pearl Harbor , views it : as a matter that implies either
A ) passive participation by the Bush White House through a deliberate stand - down of proper defense procedures that ( if followed ) would have led US air assets to a quick identification and confrontation of the passenger aircraft that impacted WTC 1 and WTC 2 , or worse ...
B ) active execution of a plot by rogue elements of government , starting with the White House itself , in creating a spectacle of destruction that would lead the United States into an invasion of the Middle East . ” [ 46 ]
Capt .
Gregory Zeigler , PhD
Capt .
Gregory M. Zeigler , PhD– Former U.S. Army Intelligence officer .
In a 2006 statement to this author Capt .
Zeigler wrote , “ I knew from September 18 , 2001 , that the official story about 9/11 was false .
That was when I realized that the perpetrators had made a colossal blunder in collapsing the South Tower first , rather than the North Tower , which had been hit more directly and earlier .
“ Other anomalies poured in rapidly : the hijackers ' names appearing in none of the published flight passenger lists , BBC reports of stolen identities of the alleged hijackers or the alleged hijackers being found alive , the obvious demolitions of WTC 1 and 2 and WTC 7 , the lack of identifiable Boeing 757 wreckage at the Pentagon , the impossibility of ordinary cell phone ( as opposed to Airfone ) calls being made consistently from passenger aircraft at cruising altitude , etc. , etc. , etc . ” [ 47 ]
William G. Weaver , JD , PhD– Former U.S. Army Signals Intelligence officer .
Currently Director of Academic Programs , Institute for Policy and Economic Development , University of Texas , El Paso , specializing in executive branch secrecy policy , governmental abuse , and law and bureaucracy .
A September 2006 essay titled , The 9/11 Commission : A Play on Nothing in Three Acts co-authored by Dr. Weaver and Sibel Edmonds stated ,
“ The Commission was created and put in place due to the relentless pressure and outcry by the 9/11 family members and their public supporters who had three objectives in mind :
1 ) Getting all the facts ;
2 ) Establishing Accountability for those who failed us due to their intentional or unintentional acts ;
3 ) Provide recommendation for real fixes and meaningful remedies .
The Commission fulfilled none of those three objectives .
In their responsibility to report all the facts :
They either refused to interview all relevant experts and witnesses , or , they censored the reports provided to them by those with direct and first - hand information .
Both these acts were selective and intentional .
Contrary to their pledge to establish accountability :
They refused to hold anyone accountable and lamely justified it by saying , “ We do n’t want to point a finger at anyone . ”
All those responsible individuals remained in their positions or were even promoted .
And as far as meaningful remedies and reforms are concerned , the commission threw in senseless , and in some cases , detrimental cosmetic and bureaucratic “ solutions ” that ended up making our government even more cumbersome and unable to respond to threats to national security .
In the name of solutions and reforms , they forced down our throats exactly what led to the failure to protect our nation on 9/11 : A highly bureaucratic , complicated , inefficient mammoth of a malfunctioning machine .
On the Fifth anniversary of the September Eleven Terror Attacks , we , the National Security Whistleblowers , want to go on record one more time to reiterate the significant issues and cases that were duly reported to the 9/11 commission by those of us from the Intelligence , Aviation , and Law Enforcement communities , but ended up being censored and omitted .
The failure to address such serious and relevant issues , witnesses , and information renders the report flawed and the commissioners parties to a fraud on the nation . ” [ 48 ]
Commander Larry J. Tortorich , U.S. Navy ( ret ) – 24 - year Navy career in the fields of aviation and counterterrorism .
Former Deputy Program Manager for Logistics – Tomahawk Cruise Missiles .
Two years as a federal employee with DHS / TSA in the fields of security and counterterrorism .
Commander Tortorich was one of the 25 military , intelligence services , and law enforcement veterans who signed the previously - mentioned September 14 , 2004 , letter to Congress challenging the 9/11 Commission Report and requesting a new investigation into 9/11 .
Theodore J. Pahle– Former Senior Intelligence Officer with the Defense Intelligence Agency .
His 37 - year intelligence career was exclusively as a HUMINT ( Human Intelligence ) operations officer with DIA , Office of Naval Intelligence and U.S. Army Intelligence .
He is a Middle East and Latin American operations specialist .
Today , he continues to support the HUMINT effort as a contract instructor .
Mr. Pahle was one of the 25 military , intelligence services , and law enforcement veterans who signed the previously - mentioned September 14 , 2004 , letter to Congress challenging the 9/11 Commission Report and requesting a new investigation into 9/11 .
The statements of these 41 current and former U.S. Counter - terrorism and Intelligence Agency veterans demonstrate that the desire for a new thorough and independent investigation of 9/11 is not a matter of partisan politics , nor the demand of irresponsible , deranged , or disloyal Americans .
It is instead a matter of the utmost importance for America ’s security and the future of the entire world .
Statements questioning the official account of 9/11 and calls for a new investigation by over 1,000 credible individuals can be found at the author ’s website : http://PatriotsQuestion911.com.
Additional information about prominent skeptics of the official account of 9/11 can be found in the author 's other articles on this subject , listed below .
Other Articles by Alan Miller about Credible Critics of the Official Account of 9/11
Jan. 14 , 2008 - Twenty - five U.S. Military Officers Challenge Official Account of 9/11 – Official Account of 9/11 : “ Impossible , ” “ A Bunch of Hogwash , ” “ Total B.S. , ” “ Ludicrous , ” “ A Well - Organized Cover - up , ” “ A White - Washed Farce ” featured statements by :
General Albert Stubblebine , former commander of U.S. Army Intelligence
Col. Ronald D. Ray , former Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense
Major John M. Newman , PhD , former Executive Assistant to the Director of the National Security Agency
Lt. Col. Karen Kwiatkowski , PhD , former staff member of the Director of the National Security Agency
Lt. Col. Robert Bowman , PhD , Director of Advanced Space Programs Development under Presidents Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter
And 20 other officers
http://www.opednews.com/articles/genera_alan_mil_080112_twenty_five_u_s__mil.htm
Jan. 5 , 2008 - Eight U.S. State Department Veterans Challenge Official Account of 9/11 - Official Account of 9/11 : “ Flawed , ” “ Absurd , ” “ Totally Inadequate , ” “ a Cover - up ” featured statements by :
Daniel Ellsberg , PhD , former U.S. State Department envoy to Viet Nam and Special Assistant to the Assistant Secretary of Defense
Col .
Ann Wright , former Deputy Chief of Mission of U.S. Embassies in Sierra Leone , Micronesia and Afghanistan . 16 years as U.S. Diplomat . 29 - year U.S. Army career .
Fred Burks , former simultaneous interpreter for President Bill Clinton and George W. Bush and others .
18 - year State Department career
Melvin Goodman , PhD , former Senior Analyst , Bureau of Intelligence and Research , State Department .
Later served as Division Chief , CIA ’s Office of Soviet Affairs and Professor of International Security , National War College
Michael Springmann , retired career Foreign Service Officer .
Former Consular Officer in Jeddah , Saudi Arabia . 20 - year career with the State Department and the International Foreign Trade Administration , Commerce Department
George Kenney , former career Foreign Service Officer .
Served as Yugoslav desk officer at the State Department headquarters .
Michael Mennard , PhD , retired career Foreign Service Officer .
Served as Regional Public Affairs Officer in India
Edward Peck , former Deputy Coordinator , Covert Intelligence Programs , U.S. State Department .
Later served as Deputy Director of the White House Task Force on Terrorism under President Ronald Reagan .
Former U.S. Ambassador and Chief of Mission in Iraq
http://www.opednews.com/articles/genera_alan_mil_080104_eight_u_s__state_dep.htm
Dec. 13 , 2007 - Seven Senior Federal Engineers and Scientists Call for New 9/11 Investigation - Official Account of 9/11 : “ Impossible , ” “ A Bunch of Hogwash , ” “ Fatally Flawed ” featured statements by :
Lt. Col. Robert Bowman , PhD , Director of Advanced Space Programs Development under Presidents Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter .
Former Head of the Department of Aeronautical Engineering and Assistant Dean at the U.S. Air Force Institute of Technology
David Griscom , PhD , retired research physicist with 33 years at the Naval Research Laboratory
Joel Hirschhorn , PhD , former Senior Staff Member , Congressional Office of Technology Assessment and former Director of Environment , Energy and Natural Resources for the National Governors Association
Enver Masud , MS , PE , former Chief of the Strategic and Emergency Planning Branch , U.S. Department of Energy
James Quintiere , PhD , former Chief of the Fire Science Division of the National Institute of Standards and Technology
Dwain Deets , MS , former Director , Aerospace Projects at NASA ’s Dryden Flight Research Center
Edward S. Munyak , MS , PE , over 20 years experience as a Fire Protection Engineer for the U.S. Departments of Energy , Defense , and Veterans Affairs .
Subject Matter Expert to the U.S. Department of Energy Fire Protection Engineering Functional Area Qualification Standard for Nuclear Facilities
http://www.opednews.com/articles/genera_alan_mil_071211_seven_senior_federal.htm
Dec. 4 , 2007 - Eight Senior Republican Administration Appointees Challenge Official Account of 9/11 - “ Not Possible , ” “ a Whitewash , ” “ False ” featured statements by :
Paul Craig Roberts , PhD , former Assistant Secretary of the Treasury under President Ronald Reagan
Catherine Austin Fitts , former Assistant Secretary of Housing under President George H.W. Bush
Morgan Reynolds , PhD , former Chief Economist of the U.S. Department of Labor under current President George W. Bush
Col. Ronald D. Ray , U.S. Marine Corps ( ret ) , who served as Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense under President Ronald Reagan
Mary Schiavo , JD , former Inspector General of the U.S. Department of Transportation under Presidents George H.W. Bush and William Clinton
Barbara Honegger , Special Assistant to the Chief Domestic Policy Adviser to President Ronald Reagan .
White House Policy Analyst .
Project Director , Anti-Discrimination Federal Law Review , U.S. Department of Justice
Edward Peck , Deputy Director of the White House Task Force on Terrorism under President Ronald Reagan .
Former Deputy Coordinator , Covert Intelligence Programs at the U.S. State Department .
Former U.S. Ambassador and Chief of Mission in Iraq
Morton Goulder , Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Warning under Presidents Richard Nixon , Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter
http://www.opednews.com/articles/genera_alan_mil_071202_seven_senior_republi.htm
Sept. 23 , 2007 - Seven CIA Veterans Challenge 9/11 Commission Report - Official Account of 9/11 a “ Joke ” and a “ Cover - up ” featured statements by CIA veterans Raymond McGovern , William Christison , Melvin Goodman , Robert Baer , Robert David Steele , Lynne Larkin , and David MacMichael .
http://www.opednews.com/articles/genera_alan_mil_070922_seven_cia_veterans_c.htm
Sept. 5 , 2007 - U.S. Navy ‘ Top Gun’ Pilot Questions 9/11 featured the statement of Commander Ralph Kolstad , U.S. Navy ‘ Top Gun ’ pilot .
http://www.opednews.com/articles/genera_alan_mil_070905_u_s__navy__top_gun__.htm
Sept. 4 , 2007 - Former Congressional Office of Technology Assessment Senior Staff Member Calls for New Investigation of 9/11 featured the statement of Joel S. Hirschhorn , Ph.D. , who served for 12 years as a Senior Staff Member of the Congressional Office of Technology Assessment and later as Director of Environment , Energy and Natural Resources for the National Governors Association .
http://www.opednews.com/articles/genera_alan_mil_070905_former_congressional.htm
Aug. 27 , 2007 - National Academy of Sciences Member Calls for New 9/11 Investigation - Official Explanation a “ Fraud ” featured the statement of Lynn Margulis , Ph.D. , world renowned scientist .
http://www.opednews.com/articles/genera_alan_mil_070906_national_academy_of_.htm
Aug. 21 , 2007 - Former Chief of NIST ’s Fire Science Division Calls for Independent Review of World Trade Center Investigation featured the statement of James Quintiere , Ph.D. , one of the world 's leading fire science researchers .
http://www.opednews.com/articles/genera_alan_mil_070820_former_chief_of_nist.htm
July 16 , 2007 - Former California Seismic Safety Commissioner Endorses 9/11 Truth Movement featured the statement of J. Marx Ayres , former member of the National Institute of Sciences Building Safety Council and former member of the California Seismic Safety Commission .
http://www.opednews.com/articles/genera_alan_mil_070715_former_california_se.htm
Endnotes
http://www.rense.com/general77/vital.htm [ 1 ]
It is Vital to Move Beyond 911 by Terrell E. Arnold July 3 , 2007
[ 2 ] Leading Counter - Terrorism Expert and Former High - Level Official Slams War on Terror and Questions 9/11 by George Washington February 3 , 2009
http://georgewashington2.blogspot.com/2009/02/high-level-counter-terrorism-official.html
[ 3 ] Osama bin Elvis by Angelo Codevilla , PhD in The American Spectator , March 2009
http://spectator.org/archives/2009/03/13/osama-bin-elvis
[ 4 ] Petition to Reinvestigate 9/11 Signed by Over 100 Prominent Americans Oct. 26 , 2004
http://www.911truth.org/article.php?story=20041026093059633
[ 5 ] U.S. Department of Defense News Transcript Secretary Rumsfeld Interview with Parade Magazine Oct. 12 , 2001
http://www.defenselink.mil/transcripts/transcript.aspx?TranscriptID=3845
[ 6 ]
Speech by Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld in Baghdad Dec. 24 , 2004
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6Xoxaf1Al0
[ 7 ] 9/11 and American Empire ( Volume I ) Intellectuals Speak Out edited by David Ray Griffin and Peter Dale Scott 2006
http://www.interlinkbooks.com/product_info.php?products_id=1545&osCsid=5a22b94fffd724962a118f454c5d7194
[ 8 ] Testimony of Maj .
John M. Newman , PhD , Congressional Briefing : The 9/11 Commission Report – One Year Later July 22 , 2005
http://www.vt911.org/McKinneyReport20050722transcript.pdf
[ 9 ]
Our Friends the Pakistanis by James Taranto , Wall Street Journal , Oct. 10 , 2001
http://www.opinionjournal.com/best/?id=95001298
[ 10 ] Video of Question and Answer session with Raymond McGovern and Maj. Scott Ritter July 22 , 2006
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uwu0bNaUcOU
[ 11 ] I Do Not Wish to be Associated with Torture by Ray McGovern March 3 , 2006
http://www.antiwar.com/mcgovern/?articleid=8625
[ 12 ] Ray McGovern ’s endorsement of 9/11 and American Empire : Intellectuals Speak Out edited by David Ray Griffin and Peter Dale Scott .
March , 2007
http://www.interlinkbooks.com/product_info.php?products_id=1545&osCsid=5a22b94fffd724962a118f454c5d7194
[ 13 ] William Christison interviewed by George Kenney on Electric Politics .
Sept. 29 , 2006
http://www.electricpolitics.com/podcast/2006/09/the_case_for_intellectual_inte.html
[ 14 ] Statement of Scientific Panel Investigating Nine- Eleven
http://physics911.ca/members/
[ 15 ] William Christison ’s endorsement of Debunking 9/11 Debunking by David Ray Griffin March 2007
http://www.amazon.com/Debunking-11-Mechanics-Defenders-Conspiracy/dp/product-description/156656686X
[ 16 ] Stop Belittling the Theories About September 11 by William Christison Aug. 16 , 2006
http://www.dissidentvoice.org/Aug06/Christison14.htm
[ 17 ] Testimony of Melvin Goodman , PhD , Congressional Briefing : The 9/11 Commission Report – One Year Later July 22 , 2005
http://www.vt911.org/McKinneyReport20050722transcript.pdf
[ 18 ] Quote of Seymour Hersh on Random House ’s webpage for Robert Baer ’s non-fiction memoir See No Evil
http://www.randomhouse.ca/catalog/display.pperl?isbn=9780739324134
[ 19 ] See No Evil ( part 2 ) by Robert Baer in The Guardian January 12 , 2002
http://www.guardian.co.uk/books/2002/jan/12/extract1
[ 20 ] Robert Baer interviewed on The Thom Hartmann Show June 9 , 2006
http://www.911blogger.com/2006/06/former-cia-member-robert-baer-comments.html
[ 21 ] FBI Documents Contradict 9/11 Commission Report by Larisa Alexandrovna Raw Story website February 28 , 2008 http://rawstory.com/news/2008/FBI_documents_contradict_Sept._11_Commission_0228.html
[ 22 ] Robert Baer ’s endorsement of the revised and updated edition of Debunking 9/11 Debunking by David Ray Griffin March 2007
http://www.amazon.com/Debunking-11-Mechanics-Defenders-Conspiracy/dp/product-description/156656686X
[ 23 ]
Robert David Steele ’s review of the book , 9/11 Synthetic Terror by Webster Tarpley Oct. 7 , 2006
http://www.amazon.com/review/R1LNNW9GMEILN5/ref=cm_cr_rdp_perm
[ 24 ] Robert David Steele interviewed on The Alex Jones Show Oct. 27 , 2006
http://www.prisonplanet.com/articles/october2006/271006googlecia.htm
[ 25 ]
Letter to Congress challenging the 9/11 Commission Report from 25 military , intelligence service and law enforcement veterans September 14 , 2004
http://www.nswbc.org/Congressional%20Testimonies%20&%20Letters/NSWBC%20Letter%20Sept%2013,%202004.htm
[ 26 ] Public Letter to 9/11 Commission Chairman from FBI Whistleblower by Sibel Edmonds August 1 , 2004
http://www.commondreams.org/views04/0802-06.htm
[ 27 ]
Coleen Rowley ’s May 21 , 2002 Memo to FBI Director Robert Mueller quoted in the June 3 2002 issue of Time Magazine http://www.time.com/time/covers/1101020603/memo.html
[ 28 ]
The Truthtellers article on the NowPublic website August 5 , 2006
http://www.nowpublic.com/the_truthtellers_coleen_rowley_jesselyn_radack_ann_wright
[ 29 ] Complaint of Robert G. Wright , Jr. v Federal Bureau of Investigation May 9 , 2002
http://www.judicialwatch.org/archive/2002/wright-complaint1.pdf
[ 30 ] Judicial Watch press release September 11 , 2002
http://www.judicialwatch.org/printer_2469.shtml
[ 31 ] Called Off the Trail ? by Brian Ross and Vic Walter ABC News December 19 , 2002
http://abcnews.go.com/Primetime/story?id=131907&page=1
[ 32 ] Tubegazing by Gloria Gooddale The Christian Science Monitor August 19 , .2005
http://www.csmonitor.com/2005/0819/p12s05-altv.htm
[ 33 ]
Promotional article for the video documentary On Native Soil broadcast August 21 , 2005
http://onnativesoil.com/media/stevebogdan.pdf
[ 34 ]
Interview of Steve Elson by Kevin Berger in Salon.com August 3 , 2004
http://www.secure-skies.org/Berger1.php
[ 35 ]
Personal statement of Raymond Ciccolilli in support of the Architects and Engineers petition for a new investigation into 9/11
http://www.ae911truth.org/profile.php?uid=997508
[ 36 ]
Video documentary , One Nation Under Siege Gen .
Albert Stubblebine ’s statement can be viewed at
http://www.undersiegemovie.com/media/stubblebine.wmv
[ 37 ] Military Intelligence Hall of Fame Wikipedia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Military_Intelligence_Hall_of_Fame
[ 38 ] Website of Political Leaders for 9/11 Truth
http://pl911truth.com/
[ 39 ] Speech by Wayne Madsen at the DC 9/11 Truth Conference November , 11 , 2006
http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=4123922031956964333&q=%22wayne+madsen%22+dc911truth&hl=en
[ 40 ]
This War on Terrorism is Bogus by Michael Meacher , Member of UK Parliament and former Minister for the Environment The Guardian September 6 , 2003
http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2003/sep/06/september11.iraq
[ 41 ] Testimony of Lt. Col. Anthony Shaffer before the Armed Services Committee of the U.S. House of Representatives , Feb. 15 , 2006
http://www.investigativeproject.org/documents/testimony/251.pdf
[ 42 ] Interview of Lt. Col. Anthony Shaffer on Fox News Aug. 24 , 2005
http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=1956542165192088795&hl=en
[ 43 ] Navy Captain Backs Able Danger Claims , Fox News Aug. 23 , 2005
http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,166504,00.html
[ 44 ]
Video recording of statement by Maj. Scott Ritter July 22 , 2006
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uwu0bNaUcOU
[ 45 ]
Vide recording of statement by Maj. Scott Ritter January 1 , 2008
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjRneDoQm4E&e
[ 46 ]
The American Reichstag Fire - 911 and Non-investigation by Capt . Eric May 2005
http://mujca.com/captain.htm
[ 47 ] Statement of Capt. Gregory M. Zeigler to Alan Miller for the PatriotsQuestion911.com website
http://patriotsquestion911.com/Zeigler%20Statement.html
[ 48 ]
The 9/11 Commission : A Play on Nothing in Three Acts by Sibel Edmonds and William Weaver September 5 , 2006
http://www.nswbc.org/Press%20Releases/NSWBC-911Comm.htm
新プロジェクトが発足、安定性や応答性向上が目標
Firefoxのタブも 、Chromeに似たマルチプロセス化へ
Mozillaファウンデーションは5月5日、将来のバージョンのFirefoxでタブごとに別プロセスを割り当てて動かす大がかりなデザイン変更を伴う新プロジェクト「 Content Processes」の存在を明らかにした。ChromeやIE8は、一見単一のアプリケーションに見えながらも、タブごとに異なるプロセスが動いている。マルチプロセス構成とすることで、いずれかのタブがクラッシュしたりフリーズしても、ほかのタブへ悪影響を及ぼさなくなる。また、Firefoxは使い続けるとメモリリークが発生して徐々に処理が重くなるという問題が指摘されてきたが、こうした問題もタブを閉じるごとにプロセスが終了する構成とすることで緩和される可能性もありそうだ。
新プロジェクトの解説ページ（https://wiki.mozilla.org/Content_Processes）
新プロジェクトは、これまでメーリングリストで議論していた内容を、デザインゴールや大まかなスケジュールとともに公けにしたもの。タブごとのマルチプロセス化による恩恵は、グーグルがChromeの発表時に広く宣伝したことで知られるようになったが、Mozillaプロジェクトの開発コアメンバーがマルチプロセス化の議論を始めたのは2008年9月以前にさかのぼる。Mozilla開発メンバーのボリス・ズバースキー（Boris Zbarsky）氏によれば、マルチプロセス化の議論を開始したのはIE8ベータの影響によるという。
3段階に分けてプロジェクトを推進
Content Processesの目標として掲げられているのは、UIの応答性を上げること、コンテンツによって引き起こされるクラッシュや重たいレンダリング処理時の安定性を上げること、マルチコアCPUでのパフォーマンスを上げることの3つ。将来的にはサンドボックス化によるセキュリティ向上も視野に入れているものの、当面の目標とはしないという。
まずフェーズ1として、2009年7月までには最低限のURL入力欄とページ表示ウィンドウだけを備えたものを作り、フェーズ2として2009年11月までにマルチプロセス化に必要な基本構成に作り替える。フェーズ3でエクステンション、互換性、パフォーマンスに取り組み、フェーズ4でマルチプロセスの管理やキャッシュの共有/非共有などの課題に取り組むという。
同プロジェクトの解説ページによると、フェーズ3以降のタイムスケジュールについては、おおよその見当すらつかないという。このため、マルチプロセス化されたFirefoxが、期待通りのパフォーマンスや安定性を実現してエンドユーザーのところにまで降りてくるのは、どんなに早くても2010年以降となりそうだ。
関連リンク Content Processesのプロジェクトページ
（ ＠IT 西村賢） 情報をお寄せください ：
- video encodings still in process -
Israeli settlements have been springing up across occupied East Jerusalem as Palestinian houses are being torn down .
A multi-million dollar plan is underway to brand the historic basin around the Old City as Jewish .
In the second part of our series on Israel 's takeover of East Jerusalem , Al Jazeera 's Jacky Rowland joins a settler on his mission to seize land .
The rashes that you will see are really grody .
If you look at them before a meal you may not want to eat , which helps in dieting .
However , you may also have nightmares after seeing these .
You might refuse to ever leave your house , or even to get out of bed again .
This is our Rash King and he actually has one of the LESS grody rashes ; we promise .
In order to proceed , you need to click the official Proceed button .
The rashes in the Hall of Fame are generally less grody at the beginning and get worse as you go .
The worst are the last ones .
If you think you have a world - class or even a highly educational or artistic rash , send it to us .
What do all these things have in common : Cash - for - clunkers , IMF funding , pandemic flu preparations , and anti-narcotic aid to Mexico ?
They ’re all considered “ supplemental war funding ” that the Senate approved in a late - night session July 18th .
Excuse me , Mr. President , but I thought I heard you promise not to use supplemental war funding bills any more .
Apparently , according to PoliFact , I misheard ( thank Bush for only funding Iraq and Afghanistan through September , 2009 , instead of the whole year ) .
But still , I ’d really like to know how those programs are related to the occupations of Iraq and Afghanistan .
Oh , that ’s right .
They ’re not .
I ’ve railed against emergency supplemental war funding bills for several years now .
After all , we ’ve been in Iraq for just over six years and in Afghanistan for nearly eight – you ’d think we knew how much they were costing us every year .
To his credit , Obama claims that he ’s going to regularly fund the military in Iraq and Afghanistan via the normal appropriations bills starting in fiscal year 2010 ( as of October 1 , 2009 ) .
We ’ll see .
But there ’s no way that a cash - for - clunkers program has anything to do with a war supplemental .
My issue is n’t that the IMF money and preparations for flu pandemic do n’t qualify as emergencies .
Depending on how serious the CDC and WHO think the pandemic will be come the start of this year ’s flu season , supplemental funding for pandemic flu preparations may be an excellent idea .
And if the IMF needs more money to keep the rest of the world from falling even deeper into recession and , not incidentally , dragging down the US with it , then by all means , procure supplemental funds for the IMF too .
But do n’t attach it to a “ war funding ” supplemental .
Be honest about what you ’re doing , come clean with the taxpayers and voters , and do it with different supplementals – one for the occupations of two sovereign nations , one for IMF funding , and a third for flu pandemic preparedness .
Sure , it ’s less efficient – but it ’s also more honest because it allows each of the supplementals to pass or fail based on their own merits , rather than on the merits of “ funding the troops . ”
And attaching a non-emergency spending provision like the cash - for - clunkers program to a “ must pass ” bill is about as honest as attaching an amendment opening up national parks to people carrying loaded and concealed firearms to a credit card reform bill .
Oh , that ’s right , Congress already did that .
You know impressively bearded alt - country OG Steve Earle is a good guy because he helped Bubbles through rehab on __ The Wire__ .
So he did n't need to solidify his good - guy status any further by recording an album in tribute to the late country - folk cult hero Townes Van Zandt .
But Earle 's done it anyway .
That 's just how he rolls .
On May 12 , New West will release Townes , Earle 's tribute to his friend and mentor .
The album will also be available as a deluxe two - CD set and on 180 - gram vinyl .
That 's the cover above .
According to a press release , Earle and Van Zandt first met when Van Zandt heckled an Earle show in 1972 , the sort of thing that must be a total nightmare for most singer - songwriters .
But the two stayed tight until Van Zandt 's death in 1997 .
Dust Brother John King , who produced Earle 's 2007 album * Washington Square Serenade* , mans the boards on one song , " Lungs " .
On that same song , Rage Against the Machine 's Tom Morello guests on guitar .
( And yes , he does play one of those wikki - wikki turntable - scratch solos , but it sort of works . )
Singer - songwriter Allison Moorer , Earle 's wife , sings backup on " To Live Is to Fly " and " Loretta " .
Earle also recruited a backing band of bluegrass all - stars to play on several songs .
And duetting on " Mr. Mudd and Mr. Gold " : Earle 's son Justin Townes Earle , appearing on record with his dad for the first time .
( Earle really must 've loved the guy if he named his kid after him . )
In the album 's press release , Earle has this to say : " This may be one of the best records I 've ever made .
That hurts a singer - songwriter 's feelings .
Then again , it 's some consolation that I cherry picked through the career of one of the best songwriters that ever lived . "
Aww .
You have to admire Earle for recording an entire Townes Van Zandt tribute album and not including [ " If I Needed You " ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bl41lqUFKS4
" " If I Needed You " " ) .
That takes some balls .
In other Earle news , he 'll play two shows at Chicago 's Old Town School of Folk Music on April 4 and 5 .
Here 's a stream of Earle 's cover of Van Zandt 's " Lungs " , featuring Tom Morello on guitar :
Townes :
01 Pancho and Lefty
02 White Freightliner Blues
03 Colorado Girl
04 Where I Lead Me
05 Lungs
06 No Place to Fall
07 Loretta
08 Brand New Companion
09 Rake
10 Delta Momma Blues
11 Marie
12 Do n't Take It Too Bad
13 Mr. Mudd and Mr. Gold
14 ( Quicksilver Daydreams of ) Maria
15 To Live Is to Fly
By Renfrey Clarke
May 21 , 2009 -- Sometimes you have to hand it to capitalism .
It ’s sheer magic the way the system takes promising concepts , steeps them in the transformative power of the market – and turns them into howling social and environmental disasters .
Take biofuels , for example .
With fossil fuels warming the planet , why not , indeed , take advantage of the fact that plants use carbon dioxide from the atmosphere to produce sugars and oils that can be turned into substitutes for petrol and diesel ?
We all know where that finished up .
A big chunk of the US corn crop was distilled into grain ethanol .
Corn prices soared on the extra demand , increasing costs for a broad range of food production .
Anyone unable to pay went hungry .
When US drivers filled up with bio-ethanol , they were in effect burning the tortillas of the Mexican poor .
But is the technology the problem ?
Or the system ?
Whatever the case , when activists of the international group Biofuel Watch noted the attention being paid to another attractive concept – sequestering carbon by turning plant matter into biochar ( finely divided charcoal ) , and incorporating it in agricultural soils – their suspicions were raised immediately .
A research paper was prepared , critically examining biochar and the promises made for it .
An international appeal was circulated -- entitled “ ‘ Biochar ’ , a new big threat to people , land and ecosystems ” -- and opposing calls to include biochar in the international carbon trading scheme , the Clean Development Mechanism ( CDM ) .
So far , the appeal has been signed by more than 120 environmental organisations around the world .
Among their number is Friends of the Earth Australia .
Suspicions
The biochar sceptics have cause to be suspicious .
Enthusiasts for biochar now include Malcom Turnbull , leader of the conservative Australian federal parliamentary opposition .
Considering Turnbull ’s other enthusiasms – “ clean coal ” , for one – his championing of biochar set alarm bells ringing immediately .
Added to which , some of the proposals made for biochar sequestration are downright barmy .
British writer George Monbiot records New Zealand environmentalist Peter Read as calling for new worldwide biomass plantations of trees and sugarcane covering 1.4 billion hectares , with the plant matter to be turned into biochar and ploughed into soils .
Trouble is , the world ’s total cropland only comes to 1.36 billion hectares .
Furthermore , and as Biofuel Watch ’s appeal rightly points out , the effects in the developing world of including biochar in the CDM trading scheme would be disastrous .
An assured world market for biochar would turn the substance into an internationally traded commodity .
Biochar is non-perishable and easily transported ; give it a further boost by allotting it carbon credits , and producing it for export would in all likelihood yield better profits in developing - world settings than growing food crops .
Benefits
In ideal circumstances , the growing of tree crops for biochar could be incorporated into village agricultural systems as a superior use for degraded or marginal land used previously for sparse ( and highly destructive ) grazing .
The biochar produced in small local kilns would be dug into soils , and its dramatic benefits for soil productivity ( this is well demonstrated ) would aid local nutrition and increase the food surpluses which farmers could supply to towns .
But add in carbon credits , and the world capitalist market would destroy this harmonious picture .
The biochar would not be used locally , but would be exported .
Large - scale commercial agriculture , often internationally based , would respond to the price signals and move in .
The tree plantations , offering superior profits , would spread from the former goat pastures to occupy prime agricultural land , where they would enjoy first call on resources of water and fertiliser .
Food production would shrink .
An array of economic pressures would drive small farmers off their land , and wealth in rural districts would become tightly concentrated in the hands of the richest entrepreneurs able to take advantage of the new conditions .
Local communities would be ravaged .
The problem , however , would not be biochar , but capitalism .
Dodgy science
So should environmental organisations sign up to Biofuel Watch ’s appeal ?
As things stand , no .
Action is needed , but the ammunition needs to be of much higher quality .
The science in the document is dodgy , and many of the arguments irrelevant or overblown .
That may seem a harsh judgment , but it is borne out if we look in detail at some of the appeal ’s assertions :
“ It is not yet known whether charcoal in soil represents a carbon sink at all ... ”
In what is a relatively new field of research , many unanswered questions remain .
This , however , is not one of them .
In a set of notes posted in March , one of Australia ’s most respected authorities on biochar , CSIRO land and water scientist Evelyn Krull , points out that biochar “ has a chemical structure that makes it very difficult to break down by physical , biological and chemical processes ” .
“ We know ” , Krull continues , “ that biochar is stable over the timescales of any [ carbon ] abatement scheme ( 100 years ) . ”
Not all biochars are the same – their individual properties depend on the feedstock and on the temperature and duration of the pyrolysis process through which they are made .
But charcoal can remain intact in nature for more than 10,000 years – it provides , after all , the basis for carbon dating .
Highly fertile , carbon - rich terra preta ( dark earth ) soils in the Amazon region of South America indicate very strongly that when incorporated into agricultural land , biochar can persist for thousands of years .
The terra preta soils are believed to have been created deliberately by ancient peoples who produced charcoal and dug it into the ground along with food scraps and other organic matter .
“ There is no consistent evidence that charcoal can be relied upon to make soil more fertile… . ”
If this were the case , the Amazonian peoples would hardly have bothered .
True , the evidence is not 100 per cent consistent .
But will , say , 90 per cent do ?
Trials of biochar in relatively carbon - rich soils in Sweden found that soil fertility actually declined , apparently because the boost to soil microbial activity provided by the biochar speeded the decomposition of existing soil organic matter .
But in leached tropical soils , and also in the ancient , low - fertility soils characteristic of Australia , the experience has been diametrically different .
Evelyn Krull again : “ We know that biochar application can have positive results , particularly in sandy and infertile soils .
Due to its chemical and physical nature ( e.g. high degree of porosity and absorptive capacity ) , biochar has been shown to enhance soil fertility , resulting in increased productivity and in turn a build - up of organic matter in soil . ”
“ Combinations of charcoal with fossil fuel - based fertilisers made from scrubbing coal power plant flue gases … will help to perpetuate fossil fuel burning as well as emissions of nitrous oxide , a powerful greenhouse gas . ”
One suspects energy companies have weightier reasons for continuing to burn coal than supplying biochar firms with extracts of flue gases .
Meanwhile , there is good evidence that biochar , by improving soil structure and retention of plant nutrients , can allow crops to flourish with markedly lower applications of artificial fertilisers .
Nitrous oxide , which volume - for - volume has hundreds of times the warming effect of carbon dioxide , enters the atmosphere largely through the breakdown of nitrogen fertilisers .
Not only does biochar allow the use of these fertilisers to be cut , but as NSW Department of Primary Industries scientist Annette Cowie observes , the reduction in nitrogen dioxide exceeds what would be expected from lower fertiliser use .
“ It seems that when you apply the biochar , that nitrogen transformation process is inhibited ” , the G - Online site reported Cowie as saying in March .
Studies have found that in some soils , nitrous oxide emissions decline by as much as 80 per cent .
“ The process for making charcoal and energy ( pyrolysis ) can result in dangerous soil and air pollution . ”
In principle , the slow pyrolysis process used to create biochar is exceptionally clean .
Plant matter is heated in an enclosed , oxygen - poor environment at about 500 º Celsius .
Volatile carbon compounds are driven off , some of them to be condensed into a useful bio-oil .
The remaining gases are burnt to provide heat to sustain the process and ( in many cases ) to generate carbon - neutral electricity .
The exhaust gases that result from this combustion consist almost entirely of water vapour and carbon dioxide ; small quantities of oxides of nitrogen that are created can be scrubbed from the exhaust stream using the biochar itself .
The solid residues from the pyrolysis process are inoffensive – apart from the biochar , silica ash , plus nutrient elements including potassium and phosphorus .
Biochar , however , is a “ garbage in – garbage out ” proposition .
If you make it out of toxic industrial wastes , you ’re likely to have problems .
Such practices need to be prohibited .
But that is an argument for appropriate regulation , not for rejecting the technology out of hand .
No to market scams
In its handling of the science , Biofuel Watch ’s appeal ignores salient facts while stretching others to make them seem to validate particular , preconceived conclusions .
Thoughtful readers will spot this , and will not be encouraged to support the document ’s correct and necessary criticisms of the CDM and of other market - based emissions abatement schemes .
The truth is that capitalist markets are a completely inappropriate mechanism for regulating environmental matters .
Markets operate to secure profits for private entrepreneurs , not to allow optimum outcomes in dealing with complex natural systems .
Points such as these can be argued convincingly without giving strained and selective accounts of scientific findings , or creating needless prejudices against potentially valuable innovations .
[ A shorter version of this article appeared in Green Left Weekly . ]
Update : I just switched from Zine to using Blogofile .
That is , I 'm using another new blog software now .
o_O
I have a new blog now .
This one 's running Zine .
I 'm redirecting the old RSS and Atom feeds to Zine 's Atom feed .
I hope that this does n't blow up someone 's RSS reader .
I decided not to import the posts from the old Atom feed ( which Zine allows you to ) , because I 'd lose comments .
That 's why the old blog will just stay online for the time being .
So update your bookmarks and readers and whatnot !
I decided to switch from my old blog running PyBlosxom for a couple of reasons :
I 'm trying something new
PyBlosxom does n't do tags ( or : more than one category )
It does n't do threaded comments
PyBlosxom 's code is somewhat messy
Now what I really like about PyBlosxom though is its ability to render your blog from a bunch of files on the filesystem .
You have a couple of folders , which represent your categories , and a couple of text files in those ; your blog posts .
Zine uses a technology called SQL database instead ( wink ) , which is alienating in comparison .
The second thing I like about PyBlosxom is that those text files can use the reStructuredText format , which is my favourite markup language .
Zine does n't do this out of the box .
There 's this rst plugin floating around , but it did n't really work for me .
And so I decided that instead of debugging this obscure reST - 0.2. plugin file , and to warm up to Zine , I 'd write a little reStructuredText plug - in myself .
You can get the plug - in here .
If you have trouble like me to install it through Zine 's admin interface , try restarting your Zine after installation .
Here 's the code for those who like code :
import docutils .
core from zine .i18n import _ from zine .
parsers import BaseParser from zine.utils.zeml import parse_html class RSTParser ( BaseParser ) : " " " A reStructured Text parser . " " " name = _ ( u ' re Structured Text ' ) settings = dict ( file_insertion_enabled = 0 , raw_enabled = 0 , output_encoding = ' unicode ' , input_encoding = ' unicode ' , initial_header_level = 4 ) def parse ( self , input_data , reason ) : parts = docutils .
core .
publish_parts ( input_data , writer_name = ' html ' , settings_overrides = self .
settings ) return parse_html ( parts [ ' html_body ' ] ) def setup ( app , plugin ) : app .
add_parser ( ' restructuredtext ' , RSTParser )
( The clever programmers see that it 's still lacking support for Pygments . )
Update :
There is Pygments support now , and I 've changed the link to point to the updated version .
You can see that it 's easy enough to extend Zine with a plug - in like this .
( There 's only a metadata file that you also need to put into your module . )
But , I 'm somewhat irritated that Zine 's not using setuptools eggs and entry points for distribution and installation .
Zine seems to have a general aversion to setuptools ; to install Zine itself , one is advised to ./ configure && make install .
More comments can be found at the original blog post .
The scrubby jatropha tree has been touted as a wonder biofuel with unlimited potential .
But questions are now emerging as to whether widespread jatropha cultivation is really feasible or whether it will simply displace badly needed food crops in the developing world .
By Jon R. Luoma of Yale Environment 360 , part of Guardian Environment Network
The scrubby jatropha tree has been touted as a wonder biofuel with unlimited potential .
But questions are now emerging as to whether widespread jatropha cultivation is really feasible or whether it will simply displace badly - needed food crops in the developing world .
by jon r. luoma
The widespread publicity surrounding a seeming wonder - plant called Jatropha curcas began in earnest in the mid-2000s .
A good - news story , it went like this :
In the mildly toxic , oval - shaped , oily seeds of this hardy , shrubby tree was a near - miraculous source of biofuel .
Since jatropha could grow on arid , barren lands , cultivating it would avoid displacing food crops such as corn and soybeans — a major drawback of so - called first generation biofuels .
The world 's thirst for combustible fuels could be slaked , according to the buzz surrounding jatropha , with energy harvested from wastelands rather than from fertile fields .
Native to Central America and well - adapted to the tropics and subtropics , jatropha seemed a boon for the very places with some of the highest rates of poverty and plenty of hot , dry lands : the global south , from Latin America to Africa to Asia .
Not only was the cultivation of jatropha supposed to absorb more CO2 from the atmosphere than it released , but the miracle tree could also stabilize and restore degraded soils .
That 's surely why Scientific American in 2007 called jatropha " green gold in a shrub , " a plant that " seems to offer all the benefits of biofuels without the pitfalls . "
Fast forward a couple of years .
By 2009 , governments from China to Brazil , along with several major biofuel companies , had planted — or vowed to plant — millions of acres of jatropha .
In India alone , the government has announced plans to subsidize an intensive program to plant jatropha for biofuels on 27 million acres of " wastelands " — an area roughly the size of Switzerland .
And the jatropha push is on in other countries such as Myanmar , Malaysia , Malawi , and Brazil .
Despite all this , however , it 's not at all clear that jatropha will ever be the green gold it 's been cracked up to be .
In fact , no one yet seems to know for sure if the kind of large - scale jatropha plantations that would make a real dent in world fuel demand can actually be productive , while also avoiding the problems associated with growing corn , sugar cane , and soybeans for biofuel .
Today , most jatropha grown for biofuels is cultivated on plots of less than 12 acres and is primarily used locally .
A global biofuels market for jatropha
is only just beginning to emerge .
One of the handful of companies involved in large - scale jatropha production is D1 Oils , a U.K. - based biofuels technology company that says it already has more than a half - million acres under cultivation , much of it in India .
A 2008 report by jatropha producers said that 242 cultivation projects existed globally , growing the tree on 2.2 million acres ; by comparison , Brazil alone grows sugarcane for ethanol on 7.2 million acres of land .
A key issue surrounding jatropha is the productivity of the tree in the dry , degraded lands on which it is said to thrive .
Rob Bailis , an assistant professor at the Yale School of Forestry & Environmental Studies , along with Yale Ph.D. candidate Jennifer Baka , recently launched the first detailed " life cycle " environment assessment of jatropha as a biofuel .
Although their study is in its early stages , Bailis notes that it 's already clear that , while jatropha can indeed grow on lands with minimal water and poor nutrition , " if you plant trees in a marginal area , and all they do is just not die , it does n't mean you 're going to get a lot of oil from them . "
He says evidence suggests that the tree will grow far more productively on higher quality land with more rainfall or irrigation .
Indeed , even executives at D1 Oils warn against overestimating jatropha 's potential to produce economically viable yields on severely degraded lands .
" If you grow jatropha in marginal conditions , you can expect marginal yields , " says Vincent Volckaert , the Africa regional director for D1 .
And there 's the rub , says Bailis .
" If you grow it in better agricultural conditions , all the alarm bells go off as you get into the same food - versus - fuel debate we 've seen with [ biofuel from ] corn . "
Although it may still be early in the jatropha story , some of those alarm bells have already sounded .
Consider India 's great push to plant jatropha .
According to the Indian environmental group , Navdanya , government foresters have drained rice paddies in order to plant jatropha in the poor and mostly tribal state of Chhattisgarh .
As early as mid-2007 , protests broke out in the mostly desert state of Rajasthan over a government scheme to reclassify village commons lands — widely used for grazing livestock — as " wastelands " targeted for biofuel production , primarily jatropha .
On Mindanao , the second - largest of the Philippine islands , protests erupted in late 2008 , with indigenous leaders insisting that jatropha plantations had begun to displace needed crops of rice , corn , bananas , and root vegetables .
A striking symbol of jatropha 's pitfalls can be found in Myanmar , formerly Burma .
Late in 2005 , Myanmar 's military dictatorship — newly enamored with what 's been called " the biofuel tree " — ordered all of that nation 's states and other political divisions to plant about a half - million acres each .
In a predominantly agrarian country where child malnutrition is rampant , entire plantations have sprung up where food crops once grew .
Under the threat of imprisonment , households have been forced to buy seed and plant jatropha in backyard gardens .
Human rights groups report that teachers and their pupils , along with medical and government workers , have all been pressed into service to plant jatropha .
Yet according to scattered stories that have leaked out of a country generally closed to the foreign news media , the same government that infamously bungled its response to a devastating May 2008 typhoon did not have the foresight to build adequate infrastructure to mill the jatropha seeds or process them into biofuel .
The seeds — grown at the expense of food crops — were left to simply rot on the ground .
It 's not all bad news .
In the West African nation of Mali , on the southern edge of the Sahara , jatropha had long been grown as a sort of living fence to keep wildlife from crops , and sometimes as a source of handmade soap .
In recent years , often with the help of nonprofit groups like the Denmark - based charity Folkecenter , local jatropha processing mills have appeared in hundreds of villages , providing fuel for lamps , cookstoves , and generators .
The biofuel is not only cheaper than conventional oil and diesel , but it is available during rainy seasons , when impassable roads can block conventional fuel delivery .
Even the solid " press cake " left over after the oil is squeezed out of the seeds has value as either an organic fertilizer or , if processed to neutralize the natural toxicity , animal feed .
But for jatropha to reach wonder - plant status — to make even a meaningful dent in a world that presently consumes 80 million barrels of oil every day — the tree would have to be grown on a scale far beyond the village level .
Jatropha 's potential was recently underscored by highly publicized jet test flights using a mix of jatropha and other biofuels .
Boeing reported that at altitudes where fuels must last hours at sub - zero temperatures , the jatropha / biofuel mix not only performed well , but actually had a higher freezing point than conventional jet fuel .
Jatropha fuel also contains more energy per gallon , meaning less fuel weight has to be lifted off the ground .
In March , Boeing officials told a Congressional hearing that they were " very confident " that jet fuels from plants such as jatropha could power their planes in a low - carbon future .
In an early 2008 test , Virgin Airlines flew a jet from London to Amsterdam powered with a dollop — about five percent — of a similar biofuel , this one made from coconut oil .
Never mind that the British magazine , New Scientist , calculated that it could take 150,000 coconuts to fully power even that short flight .
Virgin CEO
Richard Branson suggested that jatropha grown on arid soils could be the ticket for a green - fueled aviation industry , whereupon New Scientist calculated that it would take land twice the size of France to grow enough jatropha to power the world 's jet fleet .
( Dramatic boosts in yields could improve that equation . )
If jatropha is to be grown on an industrial scale , the plant will need to be tamed and cultivated , and its oil yields vastly enhanced through conventional plant breeding or genetic manipulation .
A San Diego start - up company , SG Biofuels , says it has amassed the world 's most complete library of jatropha genetic material and , with a cadre of scientists on its staff , believes it is on the way to quadrupling oil yields from 200 gallons per acre to 800 gallons per acre .
A comparable boost in yields came after rubber trees were domesticated .
Even if enterprises like SG and D1 Oils can push the genetic envelope enough to make jatropha profitable , will the world actually be able to benefit from growing and processing the plant on a large scale ?
The jury 's still out .
Yale 's Bailis says his life - cycle study still has n't established that jatropha biofuel will ever be " carbon positive , " meaning that growing the plant absorbs more CO2 from the air than it releases .
He says he suspects that it can be , but he also points out that if cultivating the plant means leveling forests or plowing up native vegetation , large volumes of carbon would be released , possibly canceling out any benefits .
Whether jatropha will turn out to be the wonder plant it was originally touted to be will depend a great deal on how and where it is grown — an issue that must be resolved by scientists , businesses , and governments .
" Whether it turns out to be a positive or a negative is going to depend a great deal on how it 's addressed at the policy level , " Bailis says .
The best outcome might be to slow down the jatropha steamroller and let science sort out whether it can be grown on a mass scale in ways that make it preferable to food - based biofuels .
If not , it may turn out that the world will still have to wait for a second generation of truly viable biofuels .
• From Yale Environment 360 , part of Guardian Environment Network
One of the most anticipated days in the history of social networking site Facebook has finally come : the company announced today that it has begun making status messages , photos and videos visible to the public at large by default instead of being visible only to a user 's approved friends .
UPDATE : After we wrote this post , Facebook HQ emailed to tell us that the first wave of users who get this feature will have their messages made public by default because their profiles were already marked as public , but that when they open the feature up to subsequent users - those users will have default privacy settings that match their pre-existing profile privacy settings .
Unfortunately , in our tests so far ( see our screencast ) - we have n't been able to successfully change our default message settings back to friends - only , it stays stuck on public .
When we switch our test account from profile public to profile private and then back again , the default for message posting gets stuck at " friends of friends ! "
So there are some kinks to work out here .
However , it appears that we may have jumped the gun and assumed something that was not said in the Facebook blog post : that the experience of all users was going to be like the experience of the first users .
The feature appears not to be working correctly and it certainly was n't communicated about well , but Facebook now tells us that it will not be opening things up quite like we characterized in this post .
We apologize for writing a long blog post based on an understanding of the situation that appears to have been wrong .
For what it 's worth - we think Facebook should get more messages out into the public so they can be analyzed , but we also think they should communicate carefully about privacy settings so that people can ease into it as best suits them .
Read on for a discussion of the pros and cons of Facebook messages going public .
Private by default has been a hallmark characteristic of Facebook , as high on the list as the lack of MySpace garishness .
It 's been key in making Facebook the biggest social network on earth .
Now that 's about to change .
Facebook has been very careful to avoid the major backlash that it has seen in the past when making substantial changes to things like privacy settings , but it 's hard to imagine there is n't going to be a backlash .
From a web innovation perspective , the move could lead to some of the most exciting developments we 've seen yet from the world of social media .
Users can change their default privacy settings back to what it used to be - but that 's not in Facebook the Company 's best interests and we do n't expect to see site - wide prompts about this like we did about the availability of " vanity URLs . "
Update : Facebook just emailed us to say that they will in fact be making an effort to make sure everyone knows what their privacy setting is and that it is what they want it to be .
From that email :
Your Publisher Privacy will stay at whatever you have set as the default .
In addition , the first time you try to share something with the privacy control set to " Everyone , " you 'll be asked to confirm that this is what you want to do .
If it 's not what you want to do , you 'll be able to change your setting before publishing .
The first time you change the setting on the Publisher control , you 'll be asked if you want to make the new setting your default , and you 'll be given a chance to do this in - line .
You can also change your default at any time by going to the Privacy Settings Page and clicking on Profile .
From there , scroll down to " Publisher Control Default " and choose what you would like as your default privacy setting .
Remember the News Feed ?
When Facebook launched its News Feed feature in September 2006 , displaying all activity by a user 's friends in a flowing list of updates on the page , the backlash shook the young service to its core .
The News Feed is now the central feature of the Facebook user experience .
The new public visibility of shared messages is going to change Facebook on that kind of scale .
Remember Beacon ?
When Facebook launched its off - site advertising initiative called Beacon , users were seeing things like the purchase of a surprise engagement ring on Overstock.com exposed to a would - be wife on Facebook because people did n't understand how to deal with the new integration of 3rd party sites .
The backlash was so big that Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg had to try and calm Barbara Walters down about it on national television .
Beacon did n't disappear but was reformed in a more palatable way .
The backlash against public default visibility is going to resemble the Beacon backlash , if not dwarf it .
Facebook Naked
And now we 're at today .
By default , all your messages on Facebook will soon be naked visible to the world .
The company is starting by rolling out the feature to people who had already set their profiles as public , but it will come to everyone soon .
You 'll be able each time you publish a message to change that message 's privacy setting and from that drop down there 's a link to change your default setting .
But most people will not change the setting .
Facebook messages are about to be publicly visible .
A whole lot of people are going to hate it .
When ex-lovers , bosses , moms , stalkers , cops , creeps and others find out what people have been posting on Facebook - the reprimand that " well , you could have changed your default setting " is not going to sit well with people .
We 're sure it wo n't be retroactive and a lot of people will back out of being public , but it could still be a game changer .
Robots FTW
The soft fleshed creatures that we Facebook users are will likely hate the new setting , at least at first .
But robots are going to love it .
As the largest social network on the web , with an incredible amount of time spent on the site by its users , Facebook holds a giant reservoir of demographic and sentiment data .
It is the motherlode - and it's been inaccessible so far because everything has been private so far .
This winter there was a lot of discussion of a rumored " Facebook Sentiment Engine " believed to be in the works .
We wrote about what could be both best case and worst case scenarios for the opening of Facebook user data to outside analysis .
Best Case
Think of the non-commercial , public interest kind of data that could be acquired .
When the economic stimulus plan of 2009 was first announced on national television - what was the reaction of people in their mid twenties who lived in the Mid West of the US ?
Was that collective reaction substantially different from the reaction of self - identified queer people of color living in the North East US ?
How did the public reaction to the proposed plan change one hour , one day or one week after the announcement ?
This is all very interesting and potentially valuable data that could be , for the first time in history , available in near real time .
Just by listening to what people are talking about in status updates and comments .
Worst Case
The worst case scenario is that Facebook will not open a free message search API for outside developers , instead it will make bulk access and analysis of all these public messages available only to commercial firms able to pay in order to harvest the data for marketing purposes .
That seems pretty likely , unfortunately .
It 's notable that there is not yet an option to search publicly shared content , as in full text search of messages , on the Facebook search page .
It may not be searchable at all , except through very specific and possibly paid access granted by Facebook - even though it 's all visible to the human eye .
As Fred Vogelstein wrote in a long post on Wired.com this week :
By Facebook 's estimates , every month users share 4 billion pieces of information -- news stories , status updates , birthday wishes , and so on .
They also upload 850 million photos and 8 million videos .
But anyone wanting to access that stuff must go through Facebook ; the social network treats it all as proprietary data , largely shielding it from Google 's crawlers .
Except for the mostly cursory information that users choose to make public , what happens on Facebook 's servers stays on Facebook 's servers .
That represents a massive and fast - growing blind spot for Google , whose long - stated goal is to " organize the world 's information . "
Comparisons to Twitter search are only useful in talking about theories of value , in terms of actual value an open Facebook search would leave tiny Twitter in the dust .
So there are two ways this could go .
Free programatic analysis to the publicly shared information from Facebook users could be like a high - speed , real - time Library of Congress for all the robots in the Republic .
Or it could be limited access , like the high - priced market research reports bought and sold by marketing firms about other pools of public sentiment today .
We know which scenario we 're cheering for .
We also feel pretty sure how most Facebook users are going to feel about this fundamental change .
They are going to hate it like most residents of the Wild West must have hated the first US Census agents .
In time , though , people may very well decide they are comfortable with their social networking being public by default .
That will be a different world , and today will have been one of the most important days in that new world 's unfolding .
Former home secretary suffers broken rib and other injuries after being trampled on by a cow while walking in the Peak District
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
The former home secretary David Blunkett is recovering today after being injured by a charging cow .
The Sheffield MP suffered a broken rib in the incident in Derbyshire .
Blunkett was out walking in the Peak District on his 62nd birthday when a cow charged at his trusted guide dog Sadie .
He tried to protect the black Labrador - cross , but in the struggle fell to the ground and was trampled .
Blunkett told the Sun : " I let go of Sadie and she shot off .
But the next thing I knew , I 'd stumbled to the ground and the animal fell over , too .
" She hit my side and broke my rib .
Had her full weight of around a ton hit me , I 'd have been a goner .
" I know the public are furious with politicians , but I did n't realise the anger has spread to Britain 's cow population , too . "
Blunkett 's fiancee , Dr Margaret Williams , took him to a specialist to be checked .
A spokesman for the MP said : " He has a broken rib and has painful bruising .
" He is now making his way down to London extremely slowly to attend the parliamentary Labour party meeting this evening . "
Blunkett is expected to attend a meeting of the PLP this evening when the prime minister , Gordon Brown , is due to face his critics .
Burn Zombie Burn is a hot topic today .
First we had news of a patch arriving bringing some great new features , and now we have an update on some upcoming DLC .
Burning zombies is amazingly fun , so how could they possibly make it even better ?
doublesix games has the answer !
Burn Zombie Burn ‘ in Space ’…
An executive sacked from a giant property company can claim he was unfairly dismissed because of his " philosophical belief in climate change " , a judge ruled yesterday .
In the first case of its kind , employment judge David Sneath said Tim Nicholson , a former environmental policy officer , could invoke employment law for protection from discrimination against him for his conviction that climate change was the world 's most important environmental problem .
That conviction amounted to a philosophical belief under the Employment Equality ( Religion and Belief ) Regulations , 2003 , the judge ruled on a point of law at a pre-hearing review of an employment tribunal in London .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Mr Nicholson , 41 , had been head of sustainability at Grainger plc , Britain 's biggest residential property investment company , until he was made redundant in July last year .
He is now bringing a case for unfair dismissal , claiming that one of the reasons for his sacking was his strong belief about the importance of the environment – which put him at odds , he said , with other senior executives within the firm .
Grainger had good written policies both on the environment and corporate social responsibility , Mr Nicholson told the hearing – but there was a " mismatch " between the policies and the way in which the firm was managed .
When he tried to get it to act in a more environmentally responsible way , he said , senior company executives obstructed him .
In a written statement submitted to the hearing , and then in oral evidence , Mr Nicholson listed a series of examples where , he said , Grainger 's practices were very different from its proclaimed environmental stance .
One of his jobs , he said , was to try to establish a carbon management strategy for the company – which had been listed as a target in the annual report and accounts .
But when he tried to work out the firm 's carbon footprint to implement it , senior staff from the human resources and financial departments refused him the necessary data .
Grainger 's green policies would sometimes be shown to potential clients as part of a company package , he said , but the firm 's executives would turn up at the meetings in " some of the most highly polluting cars on the road " .
There was no control on how many flights people took , he said , so , " given the carbon intensity of flying " , he raised his concerns with the company 's chief executive , Rupert Dickinson , but never received a direct reply to his email .
Eventually he was told by another member of staff that there would be no change to existing policy .
In his written statement Mr Nicholson said : " He [ Mr Dickinson ] showed contempt for the need to cut carbon emissions by flying out a member of the IT staff to Ireland to deliver his BlackBerry that he had left behind in London . "
Grainger had sought to have Mr Nicholson 's attempt to use the Employment Equality ( Religion and Belief ) Regulations struck out .
Counsel for the company , Harry Trory , contended at length that Mr Nicholson 's views on climate change and the environment were based on fact and science , and did not constitute a philosophical belief .
But the judge found in favour of Mr Nicholson .
" In my judgment , his belief goes beyond a mere opinion , he said ,
Mr Nicholson told the hearing that his green beliefs affected how he lived his life , " including my choice of home , how I travel , what I buy , what I eat and drink , what I do with my waste and my hopes and my fears " .
He said : " For example , I no longer travel by airplane .
I have eco-renovated my home .
I try to buy local produce .
I have reduced my consumption of meat .
I compost my food waste .
" I encourage others to reduce their carbon emissions and I fear very much for the future of the human race , given the failure to reduce carbon emissions on a global scale . "
Aged 41 , and married with a small son , Mr Nicholson now works for a green medical charity in Oxford .
He said after the hearing : " I am pleased with the result , and I hope this sets a predecent that will support anyone who shares my views on climate change and the environment . "
The full employment tribunal is now set to take place from 4 June .
Grainger might consider an appeal against yesterday 's ruling , Mr Trory said .
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Iranian authorities said they would teach an exemplary lesson to “ rioters ” held in the worst unrest since the birth of the Islamic Republic , and accused Western powers on Tuesday of inciting the violence .
( EDITORS ’ NOTE : Reuters and other foreign media are subject to Iranian restrictions on their ability to report , film or take pictures in Tehran . )
Riot police and Basij militia on Tehran ’s main squares warded off the mass protests that have marked the 11 days since disputed elections .
Iran ’s hardline leadership appeared to have gained the ascendancy , at least for the moment .
The conflict , which has revealed unprecedented division in the religious leadership , began to play out on the diplomatic arena , with Britain so far bearing the brunt of Iran ’s anger .
But that was before President Barack Obama , whose comments on Iran had been highly restrained , on Tuesday said the United States was “ appalled and outraged ” by Iran ’s crackdown .
The United States would not interfere in the protests over Iran ’s contested election , and accusations it was instigating them were “ patently false and absurd , ” Obama said .
“ I strongly condemn these unjust actions , and I join with the American people in mourning each and every innocent life that is lost , ” he told a news conference .
“ We must also bear witness to the courage and dignity of the Iranian people , and to a remarkable opening within Iranian society .
And we deplore violence against innocent civilians anywhere that it takes place . ”
Iran ’s top legislative body , the Guardian Council , rejected demands for a vote rerun from former prime minister Mirhossein Mousavi , who says the election was rigged and he is the rightful victor , and pro-reform cleric Mehdi Karoubi .
EXTENSION GRANTED
But in an apparent concession , Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei , who holds all the key levers of power in Iran , accepted a request from the 12 - man council for a five - day extension to the deadline for candidates to make complaints over the election .
The troubles have erupted against a background of tension between the West and Iran , a major oil and gas producer and pivotal factor in regional stability .
Tehran ’s hardline leadership is locked in dispute with Western powers over its nuclear program , which it says is intended for generating electricity but which the West suspects could yield nuclear weapons that could destabilize the region .
London said two of its diplomats had been expelled from Iran and it had ordered out two Iranians in retaliation .
About 100 hardliners gathered in front of the British embassy in Tehran , chanting “ British embassy should be closed . ”
Supporters of hardline anti-Western President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad held a news conference in the building of the old U.S. embassy that was seized by students after the Islamic Revolution in 1979 and held with 52 U.S. hostages for 444 days .
“ We do n’t need to have such useless relations with Britain , ” said one of the student leaders .
“ If Britain continues its interference ... we will destroy their houses over their heads . ”
Mousavi , himself a scion of the religious establishment , says he does not seek to undermine the Islamic Republic but to purge it of what he calls lies and deceit .
Slideshow ( 25 images )
FOREIGN BROADCASTS BLAMED
Iranian state television , in broadcasts clearly intended to discredit opponents defying a ban on protests , paraded people it said had been arrested during weekend violence .
“ I think we were provoked by networks like the BBC and the VOA ( Voice of America ) to take such immoral actions , ” one young man said .
His face was shown but his name not given .
A woman whose face was pixilated said she had carried a “ war grenade ” in her hand - bag .
“ I was influenced by VOA Persian and the BBC because they were saying that security forces were behind most of the clashes .
“ I saw that it was us protesting ... who were making riots .
We set on fire public property , we threw stones ... we attacked people ’s cars and we broke windows of people ’s houses . ”
Slideshow ( 25 images )
At least 10 protesters were killed in the worst violence on Saturday , and about seven more early last week .
Mousavi was quoted by an ally on Saturday as calling for a national strike if he was arrested and Karoubi signaled on Tuesday opposition would continue , calling on Iranians to hold ceremonies on Thursday to mourn those killed at protests .
The official IRNA news agency quoted senior judiciary official Ebrahim Raisi as saying on state television late on Monday : “ Those arrested in recent events will be dealt with in a way that will teach them a lesson . ”
He said a special court was studying the cases .
“ The rioters should be dealt with in an exemplary way and the judiciary will do that , ” Raisi said .
Iran ’s Foreign Ministry accused U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon of interfering in Tehran ’s affairs “ under the influence of some powers ” -- an apparent reference chiefly to Britain and the United States .
Iranians on social networking sites called for mourning for “ Neda , ” a young woman shot dead on Saturday .
Footage of her death has been watched by thousands on the Internet .
Iranian TV , quoting an unnamed source , said Neda was not shot by a bullet used by Iranian security forces .
It said filming of the scene , and its swift broadcast to foreign media , suggested the incident was planned .
Her fiance Caspian Makan told BBC Persian TV that Neda Agha -Soltan had been caught up accidentally in the protests .
“ She was near the area , a few streets away , from where the main protests were taking place , near the Amir Abad area .
She was with her music teacher , sitting in a car and stuck in traffic , ” it quoted him as saying .
“ She was feeling very tired and very hot .
She got out of the car for just a few minutes . ”
Juan Cole makes a sharp point .
The mass protests in Iran would not be allowed in the US either .
And they were n't allowed in the US under Bush - Cheney :
The number of demonstrators arrested in Tehran on Saturday is estimated at 550 or so , which is less than those arrested by the NYPD for protesting Bush policies in 2004 .
When the US government detains people without trial or due process and tortures them and forbids spontaneous public demonstrations in major cities , it has a problem getting on its high horse .
Now , of course , Bush - Cheney was not Khamenei - Ahmadinejad .
They did n't rig 2008 to get Palin installed .
But once you have crossed certain red lines of civil liberties , your scope for criticizing others is somewhat limited .
Which is why we should be grateful Obama is in office .
Bush 's criticism of the treatment of arrested " terror suspects " would have been rightly laughed off the stage .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
+ 41
Houses • Lexington , United States Architects : Single Speed Design
Area Area of this architecture project Area : 353 m²
Year Completion year of this architecture project Year : 2008
Text description provided by the architects .
The Big Dig is the most expensive highway project in the history of the US .
The project included rerouting the Central Artery into a tunnel under the heart of Boston , requiring a tremendous engineering work due to underlaying metro lines and pipes and utility lines that would have to be replaced or moved .
Tunnel workers encountered many unexpected geological and archaeological barriers , ranging from glacial debris to foundations of buried houses and a number of sunken ships lying within the reclaimed land .
The Big Dig House by Single Speed Design reutilizes materials from the Big Dig .
In that aspect , it´s a remarkable example of recycling in architecture .
Project description by the architects after the break .
As a prototype building that demonstrates how infrastructural refuse can be salvaged and reused , the structural system for this 3,400sf house is comprised of steel and concrete discarded from Boston 's Big Dig utilizing over 600,000 lbs of salvaged materials from elevated portions of the now dismantled I - 93 highway .
Planning the reassembly of the materials in a similar way one would systematically compose with a pre-fab system , subtle spatial arrangements are created from the large - scale highway components .
These same components however are capable of carrying much higher loads than standard building materials , thus easily allowing the integration of large scale planted roof gardens .
Most importantly , the project demonstrates an untapped potential for the public realm : with strategic front - end planning , much needed community programs including schools , libraries , and housing could be constructed whenever infrastructure is deconstructed , saving valuable resources , embodied energy , and taxpayer dollars .
Dick Cheney is still making the rounds and last night he was on FOX with Greta only he was accompanied by his outspoken daughter Liz .
I wonder if he 's been feeding her classified data since she is an expert now on all things secret within the intelligence community ?
In this short video mash - up , I have video of Cheney repeatedly pushing the notion that Saddam and al - Qaeda were linked up and Iraq had a hand in the 9/11 attacks when he was a frequent guest on Meet The Press during the push for war .
It 's followed up by his Greta bit where he now says that there was no connection between Saddam --- al - Qaeda and 9/11 .
he also pushed that Saddam had WMD 's lest we forget that too .
I know he feels that Americans are too stupid to remember his act , but some of us are n't .
He 's also now blaming ex-CIA leader George Tenet for the mistake .
Raw Story :
On the question of whether or not Iraq was involved in 9 - 11 , there was never any evidence to prove that , ” he told the Fox host .
“ There was “ some reporting early on … but that was never borne out …
[ Former CIA Director ] George [ Tenet ] … did say and did testify that there was an ongoing relationship between al - Qaeda and Iraq , but no proof that Iraq was involved in 9 - 11 . ”
Cheney did n't need proof to whip up the American people that has cost the lives of thousands of innocent Iraqis and American troops .
In the new Dick Armey book , Armey says that Cheney lied to him about Saddam and al - Qaeda .
The threat Cheney described went far beyond public statements that have been criticized for relying on " cherry - picked " intelligence of unknown reliability .
There was no intelligence to support the vice president 's private assertions , Gellman reports , and they " crossed so far beyond the known universe of fact that they were simply without foundation . "
" Did Dick Cheney . . . purposely tell me things he knew to be untrue ? "
Armey said .
" I seriously feel that may be the case .
. . .
Had I known or believed then what I believe now , I would have publicly opposed [ the war ] resolution right to the bitter end , and I believe I might have stopped it from happening . "
Then of course there was this 2003 Washington Post article that says Cheney was constantly pressuring the CIA to link al - Qaeda to Saddam :
Vice President Cheney and his most senior aide made multiple trips to the CIA over the past year to question analysts studying Iraq 's weapons programs and alleged links to al Qaeda , creating an environment in which some analysts felt they were being pressured to make their assessments fit with the Bush administration 's policy objectives , according to senior intelligence officials .
With Cheney taking the lead in the administration last August in advocating military action against Iraq by claiming it had weapons of mass destruction , the visits by the vice president and his chief of staff , I. Lewis " Scooter " Libby , " sent signals , intended or otherwise , that a certain output was desired from here , " one senior agency official said yesterday .
He 's always been a liar and nothing he says now should be clear him of that .
IN 2002 he said that Saddam had WMD 's in an effort to scare the American people into supporting the invasion of Iraq .
In a speech to the Nashville convention of the Veterans of Foreign Wars , Vice President Dick Cheney says Saddam Hussein will “ seek domination of the entire Middle East , take control of a great portion of the world ’s energy supplies , directly threaten America ’s friends throughout the region , and subject the United States or any other nation to nuclear blackmail . ”
He also states unequivocally that Iraq has weapons of mass destruction .
“ Simply stated , there is no doubt that Saddam Hussein now has weapons of mass destruction .
There is no doubt that he is amassing them to use against our friends , against our allies , and against us . …
What he wants is time , and more time to husband his resources to invest in his ongoing chemical and biological weapons program , and to gain possession of nuclear weapons . …
Deliverable weapons of mass destruction in the hands of a terror network , or a murderous dictator , or the two working together constitutes as grave a threat as can be imagined , ” he says .
“ The risks of inaction are far greater than the risk of action . …
The Iraqi regime has in fact been very busy enhancing its capabilities in the field of chemical and biological agents , and they continue to pursue the nuclear program they began so many years ago . ”
I guess that 's Tenet 's fault too along with the aluminum tubes story and I gather that Tenet waterboarded him into making those claims on TV .
Tuesday March 31 : Kansas City
3:00 p.m. Harry ’s Country Club – 116 E. Missouri Avenue
5:00 p.m. Waldo Pizza Tap Room – 7433 Broadway
7:00 p.m. Paddy O’Quigley ’s – 11851 Roe Avenue ( Leawood )
Wednesday April 1 : Kansas City
10:00 a.m. Hy Vee – 1307 E. North Avenue , Belton , MO
11:30 a.m. Bar – 12804 Santa Fe Trail Drive , Lenexa , KS
1:45 p.m. Gomer ’s Liquor Store – 3838 Broadway Street , Kansas City , MO
2:30 p.m. Red X – 2401 NW Platte Road , Riverside , MO
4:00 p.m. Dirk ’s Bar & Grill – 8132 NW Prairie View Road , Kansas City , MO
Sometimes things just sort of work out great .
We had a team building afternoon this afternoon .
We took a tour of the Federal Reserve and aside from seeing more cash than I 've ever seen in my life , was pretty bored by the whole thing .
We were done by 2:30 and were free to go to our individual offsite meetings .
I decided to hold a mutual offsite meeting at Harry 's Country Club with my workmate , Pale Ale .
I got over there just after 3 and could n't find a parking place within a couple blocks .
Usually at 3 I can park just across the street from Harry's .
Not only were there no parking places but there were a whole bunch of 60's era cars parked out in front of the bar .
After I parked and walked up to Harry 's I noticed that the cars had Schlitz logos all over them .
Like Ace of Base , I saw the sign , and realized that Schlitz was having a relaunch party at Harry's .
I walked in the bar and could barely make my way to the bar .
They were giving away pints of Schlitz .
I had to wait about 5 minutes before I could get to the bar and get one , but it was free so I did n't mind so much .
Pale
Ale showed up a couple of minutes later and got his beer from one of the scantily clad Schlitz Gusto Girls .
We made our way to an open table to sit down and enjoy our beers .
The Schlitz was actually pretty tasty for an American Lager .
It 's not quite as good as a PBR , but has a good flavor , that 's right I said flavor .
Unlike Budweiser , Schlitz has some taste and it's pretty good .
I could easily sit out on my front lawn in my Adirondack chair and down six Schlitz and not even think about it .
We got another round , some bottle openers and Schlitz stickers and discussed the issues of the day .
Pale
Ale told me the first time he got drunk he drank Schlitz ( he's of the age where that is possible ) .
I told him about my first drunk , when I was a batboy for the double - A team in Wichita and we won the Texas League Championship .
I got drunk on champagne and beer flying through the air in the locker room .
Pale
Ale also discussed drinking in all the VFW halls near his hometown in nowhere , Iowa .
Apparently an awful lot of VFW halls have free chicken gizzards to eat while you drink .
It ended up being a pretty good Harry 's happy hour .
The best part was the free beer .
But it was fun listening to someone reminisce about Schlitz while we had a couple .
I think that 's what Schlitz might be shooting for .
The Schlitz Gusto Girls and Schlitz muscle cars are scheduled to make a couple of other appearances in town tonight and tomorrow
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Employers are increasingly using drug testing to get rid of staff without having to make redundancy payouts , as a way of ­cutting costs during the recession , a ­charity has said .
Release , which focuses on drugs , the law and human rights , reported a four - fold increase in calls to its drugs team about problems with workplace testing in the first three months of 2009 compared with the same period last year .
In the first quarter of 2008 , the team received 493 calls , with just 31 ( 6.2 % ) related to testing at work .
In the first three months of this year , 548 calls were received with 145 ( 26.4 % ) about this issue .
In many cases callers have been getting in touch in a state of distress , having been tested for the first time after years in the same job .
Often a programme of voluntary redundancies was announced , followed by workplace medicals for the remaining staff , including a drug test .
Sacking employees who test positive for illicit drugs allows employers to avoid making redundancy payouts .
Cannabis , which can remain detectable for several weeks after use , is the substance causing the biggest problems for employees .
While drug testing in the workplace has been routine for many years in safety critical jobs , such as driving and machine operation , Release reports that many calls are coming from sectors they had comparatively few dealings with before such as office work , banking and commerce .
Previously the charity received regular calls from employers about how best to support staff with drug problems .
These calls have dwindled to almost zero .
The expansion of drug testing into non-traditional areas could breach employees ' human rights and entitlement to a private life , while offering few enhancements to workplace performance , Release said .
Forty per cent of the workforce under 40 have used illicit drugs , according to Frank , the government 's drug awareness campaign .
It is unclear how many users are impaired by drugs during working hours .
Frank 's literature states that while some workplaces may benefit from drug testing there are also many drawbacks , such as a negative impact on employer / employee relations .
The independent inquiry into drug testing at work in 2004 said " good management , education and support for staff is more useful , effective and less costly [ than drug testing ] in dealing with drug problems " .
Concateno , a group of companies that between them have approximately 60 % of the UK workplace drug testing market , reported a 13.2 % increase in testing between 2007 and 2008 .
In 2007 , 159,000 workplace drug tests were carried out and in 2008 , 180,000 tests were done .
Deputy Matthew Paul slams Christopher Harris into a wall and leaves him in a coma .
Why ?
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Bob DeMarco is a citizen journalist and twenty year Wall Street veteran .
Bob has written more than 500 articles with more than 11,000 links to his work on the Internet .
Content from is a citizen journalist and twenty year Wall Street veteran .
Bob has written more than 500 articles with more than 11,000 links to his work on the Internet .
Content from All American Investor has been syndicated on Reuters , the Wall Street Journal , Fox News , Pluck , Blog Critics , and a growing list of newspaper websites .
Bob is actively seeking syndication and writing assignments .
Random acts of kindness
To travel around the world and ask people , " If you could do one random act of kindness for anybody else in the world , what would it be ? "
I would then travel and fulfill this random act of kindness to another stranger and continue the cycle .
The powerful message coined by peace activist Anne Herbert , " Practice random kindness and senseless acts of beauty , " has spread like wildfire across America and the World , and has inspired movies such as Pay it Forward , Amelie , and even the " Free Hugs Campaign " on YouTube .
In this individualistic and self - centered world , people have become suspicious of one another and have become turned - off by the idea of helping one another for no personal or material gain .
Furthermore , people do n't believe that they can make a difference or an impact in this world as they have been disillusioned by the idea that their one vote in an election or donation of a dollar can make any difference .
They believe that they have to either find a cure to a disease or donate a million dollars to change the world .
However , one little act of kindness can change the world by spreading love to the lives of others , which can multiply and spread almost infinitely .
My dream photo assignment would be to travel the world and ask strangers : " If you could do one random act of kindness for anybody else in the world , what would it be ? "
I would then take a picture of the person and then travel to a random spot on the globe and do that act of kindness for another random stranger .
I would show that stranger a picture of the initial stranger and then do a random act of kindness for him or her .
To show proof of that random act of kindness being fulfilled , I would take a picture of it .
After doing so , I would then ask that person what act of random kindness he or she would like to spread to another stranger .
I would then continue this cycle until I have exhausted my funds and resources and open up a gallery to show and explain this concept .
The gallery would have the pictures of all the strangers and their random act of kindness printed on the walls as well as the photographic proof .
The gallery would have all the pictures lined up , encircling the gallery , and ultimately making a " circle chain " to show how people from all different walks of life who are total strangers have affected another 's life through a simple and random act of kindness .
Hopefully , this gallery could help inspire people to do these little small acts of kindness to one another and change the world one person at a time .
A new rumor has sprung up that suggests Microsoft is looking at a third alternative for sending out copies of Windows 7 : USB drives .
There are currently two known ways to move to Windows 7 without buying a new computer : via retail or via download .
The third solution would make it easy for users with netbooks without DVD drives , most of which are running Windows XP ( as opposed to Vista ) , to upgrade to Windows 7 .
Of course , installation from USB is much faster than from DVD , so such an option could end up being adopted by a larger demographic .
USB drives are still more expensive than DVDs to mass manufacture , however , so we doubt Microsoft would be happy with that .
CNET quotes an undisclosed source in its speculative report : " Microsoft is considering offering Windows 7 on a thumb drive to allow netbook owners to more easily upgrade their machines . "
Microsoft confirmed in February that all editions of Windows 7 would run on netbooks but never disclosed how those who already own the low - end computers could get the operating system on their system .
The currently only known solution , downloading a copy and putting the installation on a USB drive , is n't a process many netbook users would be happy to do .
If the USB drive option is skipped , most will likely have a friend or a tech support guy get the job done for them .
On another note , could this rumor somehow be related to StartKey , a Microsoft technology that was supposed to allow users to store entire Windows profiles and all their data on portable flash drives ?
We criticized it in March 2008 but Microsoft has yet to acknowledge it , assuming it has n't already been scrapped .
We asked a Microsoft spokesperson about the possibility of Windows 7 on flash drives .
" I can't confirm the rumor — we do n't have any information to share about this , " the spokesperson told Ars .
June 8 , 2009 -- Women who drink five or more sugar - sweetened colas per week may be more likely to develop gestational diabetes if they get pregnant , according to a new study .
The study was presented on June 6 in New Orleans at the American Diabetes Association 's 69th annual scientific sessions meeting .
Data came from more than 13,400 female U.S. nurses who took part in the Nurses Health Study II .
All participants had at least one pregnancy between 1991 and 2001 .
While pregnant , most of the women did n't develop gestational diabetes , but 860 of the women did .
Compared to women who reported drinking less than one sugar - sweetened beverage per month , women who reported drinking five or more sugar - sweetened beverages per month were 22 % more likely to report gestational diabetes .
Colas were the only sugar - sweetened beverages linked to gestational diabetes .
The findings held regardless of other factors including age , race , number of previous pregnancies , physical activity , smoking , alcohol intake , BMI before pregnancy , and total calorie consumption , according to the researchers , who included Liwei Chen , MD , PhD , assistant professor at Louisiana State University 's School of Public Health .
In a separate analysis , Chen 's team also found that women who reported high consumption of whole fruits and " moderate " consumption of fruit juices before pregnancy were less likely to develop gestational diabetes .
Chen and colleagues are n't saying that sugary colas cause gestational diabetes , or that fruits and fruit juices prevent gestational diabetes .
Observational studies like these can show associations , but not cause and effect .
BUA is implementing a combination of strategies to mitigate risk of transmission and respond to the health and safety needs of our community as we plan for a return to in - person teaching and learning in the fall of 2020 .
Now , more than ever , being part of a major research university offers significant advantages — including weekly COVID testing for all students , faculty , and staff , and contact tracing .
While we cannot eliminate all risk , we are confident in the steps that we have put in place to mitigate risk and to bring students back to campus .
Read our complete Guide to Reentry below .
Be You @ BUA
Our motto is “ Learning Without Limits . ”
In the literal sense , it means that BUA students build on their experience within the Academy building to pursue virtually any academic interest with world - class faculty at a major research university .
Interested in Chaotic Dynamical Systems ?
We ’ve got that .
Warfare in Antiquity ?
Modern Japanese Literature ?
We ’ve got those too .
But just as importantly , our students develop the skills and confidence to know that they are capable of extraordinary things .
With hard work and perseverance , nothing is beyond their reach .
Each and every student at BUA is known , cared for , taught well , and advised thoughtfully .
Our students are kind to one another .
It makes it easier to be who you are , to follow your dreams and passions , and to decompress and have fun .
Oh , yes — we ’re a high school .
There ’s way more to BUA than academics .
Read on to learn more about our unique alchemy of rigorous academics and a warm , caring community — we think you ’ll be excited by what you see !
What you get :
Domain name : BoldDream.com
Logo design
Design concepts
Buy bolddream.com $ 3295 Buy now Prefer to pay in instalments ?
Learn more Pay in instalments Spread over 3 months 6 months
Business brand name for sale
This domain is perfect for a business brand .
Length
The word " BoldDream " contains nine characters and only two syllables .
Two syllable names make popular global brands .
Examples of popular two syllable names include YouTube , Subway and Visa .
TLD Excellent
Bolddream.com is a dot com domain .
Dot com domains are the most valuable domain extension in the world , famously used by websites like google.com .
A dot com is the first thing people think of when they think of a website .
Published online 21 May 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.503
News
Lab results could explain why young patients are hardest hit by current H1N1 strain .
Antibodies against some seasonal flu strains from prior years may be active against the new H1N1 swine flu currently circulating the globe , a recent study reports .
The findings suggest an explanation for why swine flu appears to infect the young more often than the elderly , who are normally more susceptible to seasonal flu viruses .
Only 1 % of swine flu cases in the United States are in people over the age of 65 .
CDC
The study , published today in the Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report , analyzed blood samples taken from 359 participants in flu vaccine studies conducted from 2005 to 2009 .
33 % of the samples from people over 60 years old had antibodies that reacted with the swine flu virus , as compared to 6 % - 9 % of the samples from people aged 18 – 64 years , and none of the samples taken from children 1 .
The results match the apparent current epidemiology of swine flu infection , says Anne Schuchat , interim deputy director for the Science and Public Health Program at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) in Atlanta .
Most cases of swine flu have occurred in people who are under 60 years old , and only 1 % of confirmed swine flu infections in the United States were in patients over the age of 65 .
Nevertheless , the results should be interpreted with caution , Schuchat urged in a press briefing today .
Researchers have shown that the antibodies react with the virus in test - tube assays , but they have not yet shown that the antibodies can fend off the virus in animals or people .
" Whether this particular assay will pan out over time as predictive of clinical protection , we can't say , " Schuchat said .
Cross-protection
For the study , CDC researchers used two tests to determine whether antibodies in the blood were active against the swine flu .
One test studied the impact of the antibodies on growth of the virus in cell culture , and the other assayed the ability of the antibodies to inhibit an important viral protein called hemagglutinin .
The results indicated that vaccination against recent H1N1 seasonal flu viruses did not generate antibodies that react with the swine flu virus .
But exposure to older seasonal flu viruses or vaccines — perhaps dating back to the 1950s or earlier — may have yielded cross-reactive antibodies in some older study participants .
Although the results have not yet been confirmed clinically , the researchers used standard techniques that are often used in preclinical studies of flu vaccines , says Ralph Tripp , a viral immunologist at the University of Georgia in Athens .
" The reality is , there does appear to be a substantial level of cross-reactivity in those adults aged 60 years and older , " he says .
Genetic analysis of the new swine flu virus has shown that it differs dramatically from previous seasonal viruses .
But Tripp notes that H1N1 viruses were circulating in swine during the 1940s and 1950s and could have mixed with seasonal flu viruses during that time .
Exposure to these viruses could have launched an antibody response that continues to protect individuals against today 's swine flu .
ADVERTISEMENT
Meanwhile , Schuchat notes that it is possible for immune responses to the current swine flu and past seasonal viruses to overlap , despite the genetic dissimilarity .
" We do n't have a particular virus that we 're thinking about , " she says , " but we 're wondering if there might have been some viruses around in the '30s , '40s and '50s that might be immunologically similar to the one we 're seeing now . "
For Nature 's ongoing coverage of the H1N1 outbreak , see www.nature.com/swineflu.
Mayor David Miller is strongly defending spending $ 50,000 on consultants to figure out what to do with takeout coffee cups .
One million cups are dispensed daily in Toronto , and the city spends big bucks picking up and disposing of them .
Finding a better way could pay off , Miller said this week .
The mayor is pinning his hopes on development of a paper lid to replace plastic lids , which would make the package more recyclable , and he believes the city can help bring that about through the work of a 40 - member task force and by retaining experts on paper mills and recycling .
" The city has a role in pushing , because unfortunately some in the industry have just said , ` We 're not going to do anything , ' and that 's not sustainable in the long run , " he said .
A U.S. company is developing a prototype paper lid , work that could be pursued in Canada to support the forest industry and manufacturing jobs here , he said .
" We 're not going to be able to make coffee cup lids out of oil forever .
Frankly what worries me is if we do n't take the initiative to create those jobs here , they 'll be created somewhere else , " Miller said .
" Why do n't we for once take the lead and create the new knowledge and technology here ?
I would hope industry ( in Canada ) would get on board with that . "
Think about it .
A new system , developed by a collaboration of scientists working with Toyota , allows a person to control a wheelchair using nothing but his brain .
Wearing a cap that monitors brain activity , a user can advance and turn the chair .
According to Toyota , the system monitors brain waves every 125 milliseconds .
The result is an experience where the user does n't experience any lag in response from the system .
Similar systems that use voice controls took much longer to respond to commands .
After training three hours a day for a week , the system is able to tailor its responses to a user 's tendencies .
Imagine a hand or foot movement while wearing the cap , and the system triggers the corresponding response from the chair .
Toyota claims up to 95 percent accuracy .
As a failsafe , the user can puff out a cheek , triggering a sensor and stopping the chair .
How long before the technology finds its way into consumers ' hands is unknown – R&D is still underway , Toyota says , but one thing 's for certain – this looks a whole lot more useful than the last brain wave - controlled device we told you about .
Many people may not be aware of this , but there is a fairly precise definition of what constitutes a mineral .
A mineral is an element or chemical compound that is a periodic crystal , has an incommensurate structure , or is in an amorphous phase ; all of these have to be formed naturally , as the result of a geological process .
New research that appeared in the current issue of Science may force mineralologists to change that definition to include what are known as quasicrystals .
Crystals are solids with an atomic structure that has a long - range periodic order — that order can be described by a small group of atoms and a rotational symmetry operator that is repeated over long distances .
In the early days of the modern study of crystals , researchers found that the only allowable types of symmetries have two - , three - , four - , and six - fold symmetry axes .
Anything else , such as five - or seven - fold symmetry , or anything higher , is apparently forbidden .
But researchers have since described the quasicrystal , which contains a more subtle , long - range ordering phenomenon .
In quasicrystals , the " atomic positions along each symmetry axis are described by a sum of two or more periodic functions whose wavelengths have an irrational ratio . "
This difference in how ordering is handled means that quasicrystals are not constrained by the symmetry restrictions placed on pure crystals .
Whereas regular crystals are described by square or hexagonal tiling patterns , the more apt equivalent for quasicrystals is Penrose tiling .
Quasicrystals were first observed 25 years ago , when an alloy of aluminum and magnesium was rapidly quenched in a laboratory .
In the intervening quarter century , many compounds have been identified as forming a quasicrystal , but all of the examples were created in a lab .
In an attempt to discover a naturally occurring quasicrystal , a team of researchers from around the globe focused their efforts on the mineral khatyrkite ( ( Cu , Zn ) Al 2 ) .
This mineral , along with its chemical relative cupalite ( ( Cu , Zn ) Al ) , were picked as candidates because many of the known synthetic quasicrystals were metallic and contained aluminum .
The group found what it was looking for in a mineral sample from the Museo di Storia Naturale of the Universit� degli Studi di Firenze that was obtained in the Koryak region of Russia ( northeast of the Kamchatka peninsula ) .
It contains what they claim to be the first naturally occurring quasicrystal ever identified .
Chemical analysis of the sample found a number of grains that were rich in aluminum , consistent with khatyrkite and cupalite , but lacking in zinc .
It also identified a previously unknown material growing into some of the grains , an AlCuFe alloy .
The structure of this alloy was similar to the beta phase of a synthetic CuAlFe alloy that is already well studied and known to be a quasicrystal .
Further chemical testing found this specific alloy to have the composition Al 65 Cu 20 Fe 15 , very near to the ideal composition of i- AlCuFe .
Powder X - ray diffraction revealed that the AlCuFe mineral grains had a unit cell structure of a face - centered icosahedral , the same as the known ideal quasicrystalline material .
Electron diffraction patterns from a high - resolution transmission electron microscope clearly showed the characteristic peaks of a lattice that exhibits two - , three - , and five - fold symmetry — the signature of an icosahedral quasicrystal .
Applying an inverse Fourier transform to the image resulted in a real space representation of the material — shown above — with a clear fivefold symmetric pattern .
The researchers were obviously curious about how the material formed .
Since it was embedded within a crystalline material , one would expect there to be stress or strain at the grain boundaries .
But examination of the sample found no signs of strain at the edges of the quasicrystal , suggesting that it either formed without strain , or those signs were annealed away in the eons since it first was created .
Either way , this represents the first time that this sort of material has been found to be formed by natural processes , which leads the authors to question whether the definition of a mineral should be revised .
If so , it might open a whole new class of compounds to the field of research .
Science , 2009 .
DOI : 10.1126/science.1170827
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
The Gamburtsev mountains have been preserved under the ice sheet
Incredible peaks and valleys , buried beneath ice for 14 million years , have revealed evidence of how the East Antarctic ice sheet first formed .
Scientists used radar to map an area of the Gamburtsev mountains - believed to be the point of origin of the ice .
The region would have been cold enough for the first glacier to form .
Writing in the journal Nature , the researchers say their findings provide important clues about how the ice sheet will behave as our climate changes .
" This is the largest reservoir of ice on Earth , and the most poorly understood place on our planet , " said the British Antarctic Survey 's Fausto Ferraccioli , a scientist involved in a separate international project to study the region .
He explained that the elevation and location of the Gamburtsev Mountains - in the centre of the ice sheet - made them an " ideal place " for the formation of the very first ice .
Icy unknown Sun Bo from the Polar Research Institute of China , who led this study , has now provided further insight into the evolution of the ice sheet .
He and his colleagues travelled 1,235 km ( 767 miles ) by tractor train from a research station at the edge of East Antarctica , to the summit of Dome A of the Gamburtsev range , near the centre .
Peering down at the ice sheet underneath your feet , you just do n't know what 's under there
Martin Siegert
University of Edinburgh Dr Sun 's team then attached radar equipment to the tractor and drove around , meticulously surveying a 30 km by 30 km square of the glacial region .
Their radar revealed a landscape that , 14 million years ago , looked similar to the European Alps .
" This is true scientific exploration , " said Martin Siegert , head of the school of geosciences at Edinburgh University , who was also involved in the study .
" There 's nothing to guide you really .
Peering down at the ice sheet beneath your feet , you just do n't know what 's under there . "
And for this type of exploration , the use of radio waves is very powerful .
When the waves reach the interface between ice and rock they bounce back , because of the difference in electrical properties between the two .
" You just measure the two - way travel time as they go down and come back up again , " explained Dr Siegert .
" Then you can convert that to ice thickness , because you know the velocity at which [ the radio waves ] are travelling . "
Dr Siegert said the research team was " very lucky " to see such a clear image of the underlying landscape .
They discovered a whole valley system - with mountains at the edge of the survey region and the valley in the middle .
" That 's perfect , because it allows us to work out how the valley would have worked when it was filled with ice , and how the water would have flowed when there was no ice there at all , " said Dr Siegert .
Frozen in time
By looking at ancient climate patterns , scientists have previously estimated that the East Antarctic ice sheet formed around 14 million years ago , burying and preserving the Gamburtsev mountain landscape under ice that is now up to 3 km thick .
" You need a mean annual temperature of about 3C for the glaciers to form the way they did , " Dr Siegert told BBC News .
" The mean annual temperature in this region now is - 60 C .
So we believe that these mountains are relics of [ glacial erosion ] in Antarctica before the ice sheet was in place . "
He added that the findings provided an insight into the stability of the ice .
Antarctica 's landscape was mountainous before the ice formed " It is a critical part of our Earth 's system , " said Dr Ferraccioli .
" If the whole ice sheet collapsed , sea levels would rise by 60 m .
" There 's been a lot of climate change over the last 14 million years , " Dr Siegert said .
" And what we can say about this place in the middle of the Antarctic is that nothing has changed . "
But , he warned , if levels of atmospheric carbon dioxide continued to rise , in around 1,000 years they will approach the same levels that existed " before there was a persistent ice sheet in Antarctica " .
" This puts the ice sheet into the context of global climate and what conditions are needed to grow an ice sheet , " explained Dr Siegert .
" The worrying thing is that we seem to be going back to carbon dioxide concentrations consistent with there being a lot less ice around . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
9 SHARES Share Tweet
[ adsense_id= ” 1 ″ ]
Humans are the best learners on the planet .
This is due to our highly evolved minds – and especially – our expertise in language compared to other species .
We begin learning about our environment right once we leave our mother ’s womb , and at a very early age our parents put us into educational institutions so we can learn the fundamentals of reading , writing and math .
One thing I have always found curious from all my years going to school is that they very rarely go over methods on how to learn .
But really – How do we learn ?
What are the best ways to learn ?
And are these stupid questions ?
Learning seems like common sense : we do it everyday .
When in school we are told to study if we want to learn and do well in school – “ Just go read , and absorb as much material as you can . ”
If what we want to learn is a skill , whether it be problem solving in arithmetic or throwing a baseball , then we are told “ Practice makes perfect .
Just keep trying until you get it . ”
It took me a long time to figure out that there is actually more to learning than just reading or practicing .
In fact , there is a whole mental disposition that is cohesive to thorough , quick , and even entertaining ways to learn .
Here are some ideas that have guided me in the process of becoming a better learner .
A Love for Knowledge
This world is fascinating ; I am constantly bewildered at its depth , beauty and level of complexities .
These is a desire to learn , a desire to understand reality and to always seek the truth over delusion .
The problem is schools very rarely teach you to love knowledge .
Instead , education becomes a chore , a mindless routine from 8 am - 3 pm every Monday - Friday .
In school they do n’t train us to be thinkers or seekers of knowledge but regurgitators .
We are taught to consumer facts and certain interpretations of history and then spit them out on our tests .
There is no critical thinking at all – just consumption – the same way you consumer a Big Mac .
Most teachers only care about getting the numbers to meet national standards and not about the actually passion that comes from the sharing and growth of knowledge .
This is really where our education system lacks .
It is not in its lack of funding , or TV , the media , or American ’s general lack of intelligence – no , it is none of this at all – it is the subtle and lifelong conditioning that becoming smart is always a tedious and burdensome process .
How often can you recall getting those one or two special teachers ?
We all have our favorites .
The ones who captivate our minds , leave us at the edge of our desks , make us laugh and cry , and truly instill a longing satisfaction for knowledge .
Why ca n’t every professor make things so easy , so fun , and enlightening ?
The key principle to all effective teaching is quite simple : associate good feelings with your material ; this way , your students will become self - motivated to do well and expand their minds .
But we are n’t so lucky to always be blessed with these kinds of teachers .
Instead , teachers are more concerned with discipline and obedience .
They actually believe the best way to learn is at the crack of a conquering whip and not the crack of a warm smile .
Fortunate for us – it is never too late to become a good learner , and it is never too late to become “ smart . ”
At times , we need to step up and be our own teachers .
Nowadays , this is easier than ever before .
The Well of Knowledge
I would say that I have learned more despite school rather than because of it .
With technology – and especially the rise of the internet – there is no excuse for ignorance on a topic that is of interest to you .
All the resources to begin your investigation are at your disposal .
The internet has a wide range of media ( audio , video , reading material , sometimes even games and college lectures ) on just about anything there is to learn ( music , photography , math , science , cooking , fashion , etc. – the list is virtually endless ) .
Despite the ever - growing depth of the internet , it is only the beginning of your path to knowledge .
Most areas have their own local libraries even though many citizens do not ever take enough advantage of these institutions as they rightfully should .
I know my local library has much more than just books too , but DVDs , CDs , computers , and other media .
Some of the reasons that your library is still a worthy alternative to the internet is that a lot of older books ( including classics that may be difficult to find on the internet ) are available to read , and sometimes it is fun to just walk down the aisles , browsing at your own leisure , and accidentally discovering a treat .
In this way a library can introduce you to material that you otherwise would n’t be able to find on the internet let alone have the idea to even search for it .
Modeling the Experts
Up until this point I have mostly focused on ways to go about expanding one ’s “ book smarts ” or , rather , knowledge about theories , facts , interpretations , or philosophies .
But this is only half of learning .
The other side is about learning skills and techniques , whether it be sports , hobbies , art , music , or even how to be better in social and business situations .
Now this is not to say that some of these practices cannot be aided by reading , viewing or listening material ( they ALL certainly can be ) , but that is n’t going to complete the learning process for many of these skills .
Instead , I suggest to get familiar with the practice of modeling those who are already successful at what you want to do .
This does not meaning ripping off or copying , but utilizing a wide range of influences to improve your own approach and strategy .
This is usually within the context of the “ outside world ” and not something you would spend time in your room studying and trying to absorb ( though you can most certainly spend time alone reflecting on the lessons you learn ) .
Learn to pay extra careful attention when around those who are already experts in an area you want to succeed in .
If you have the chance , ask questions about how they got started , what was the process like getting from Point A to Point B .
Your job as a student is to understand the groundwork and the path from getting from where you are now to the successful state you want to be in after .
Ask yourself :
How long might this take me ?
What are the future obstacles ?
Am I going to make the commitment to do what needs to be done ?
The best way to model others is to break down the learning process into individual steps .
Learn to dissect the details of honing your skills but also have the ability to zoom out and see the bigger whole when necessary .
If you are able to hold both the details and the bigger picture in your mind simultaneously then all you have left to do is to act upon your ideas .
Be aware that your strategy must always be flexible and ready to change .
It is not necessarily true that what works for someone will work for you , but it is most often true that you can learn at least a piece of the puzzle from various sources .
Every Moment is a Learning Opportunity
A true lover of knowledge knows there is no such thing as a useless moment .
Instead , he or she realizes that every moment can be seized and there is something to learn from everybody .
Even people who are not experts in a field will be able to offer you refreshingly new perspectives .
In the end everyone , young and old , can be your teacher – as long as you are smart enough to be the student .
Be curious .
Ask questions to everyone .
It is a great way to be social , show interest in others and at the same time learn something new .
Everyone has their own unique experiences and background ; this is not something to be taken lightly – there is a wealth of knowledge in ever individual .
Even the preschooler can show you something about yourself that you either never paid thought to before or have forgotten in your midst of maturity .
Sometimes , I even prefer to talk to children who are often much more imaginative and interesting than the often more stubborn adult ( who often takes more “ cracking into ” before unveiling a facet of wisdom ) .
Final Words
Being a good student is in itself a skill that must be practiced .
It requires mindful attention being paid at all times and in all places and situations .
Always be observant , never count a moment out as useless or a waste of time – it is only your mind that can make it so .
These suggestions will not only guide you in becoming a better learner but will enrich your life in a multitude of ways .
Good learners simply have more fun .
Companies with horrific balance sheets are a dime - a - dozen these days .
Fundamentals of the economy are bad and getting worse .
Seems like a short - seller ’s ’ paradise , right ?
Not necessarily .
Inflation and bailouts may be the factors that ultimately decide the battle between Bull and Bear .
Inflation : The Great Debt Eraser
Inflation is a debtors ’ dream - come - true , because it allows them to pay off their assets with devalued currency .
Inflation means revenue and salaries rise , asset - prices go up , but debt stays the same .
So debt - bloated companies all over the US may be in a stronger position they appear .
Some of these “ pigs ” may end up with a fat portfolio of cash - flow rich companies , and a bunch of debt that means nada .
Translation : A combination of big- bailouts and inflation could equal a headache for short - sellers .
That ’s the problem with being short this market , it ’s completely dependent on the whims of Geithner , Bernanke , and whoever else is whispering in Obama ’s ear .
Some might even describe the situation as akin to stabbing Adam Smith ’s invisible hand with a rusty screw - driver .
But investors have to deal the cards we ’re dealt , so we ’ll move on …
Analysts are now calling for inflation at levels greater than the 70’s .
But our current problems dwarf any we have ever faced before , even on an inflation and GDP - adjusted basis .
Richard Fisher , president of the Dallas Fed , made this scary statement in a May 2008 speech :
“ For the existing unfunded liabilities to be covered in the end , someone must pay $ 99.2 trillion more or receive $ 99.2 trillion less than they have been currently promised .
This is a cold , hard fact ” .
Here ’s the full speech at the Dallas Fed ’s site .
$ 99 trillion in liabilities is daunting enough .
But now the administration and Fed have signaled that they are essentially all - in , and that bailouts are coming to for all : Pensions , state governments , insurers , commercial real estate , home builders , auto - manufacturers , auto - suppliers , and everybody ’s favorite , banks .
Do we have enough money to pay for all of that ?
No , of course not .
Will foreign governments do us a solid , and pony up ?
Maybe , but at what cost ?
Probably a high one , in terms of yield and politics .
So what ’s the government ’s remedy ?
Quantitative - easing ( QE ) of course , which has already begun .
To “ fix ” this problem , we ’re going to need a whole lot o’ QE .
That will amost certainly result in a lot of inflation when / if the recovery begins , unless the Fed acts to reign it in quickly .
And tightening money supply is never a politically popular move .
People like inflation , it ’s like makeup for economies , smoothing over wrinkles and imperfections .
But the real reason that inflation is a bastard , is that savers are the ones who get screwed , as the purchasing - power of their cash evaporates .
Meanwhile , those with loads of debt fare better .
The value of their assets rise , while their liabilities decrease in relative terms .
So the responsible middle - class taxpayer , who tighten their belt now , are being set up to fail if / when inflation rears its ugly head .
It ’s unfortunate that we ’re in this situation , and QE is arguably a bad choice .
But that does n’t really matter now , since it looks like we ’re already headed down that path .
So prepare accordingly .
Inflation Fighters
The most obvious way to protect against inflation is gold and silver .
I own a meager stash of precious metals , and some miners in retirement funds .
I ordered my bullion from Apmex.com , they were the cheapest I found online and service was good ( I have no affiliation with them ) .
If you ’re looking for a good precious - metals mutual fund , Evergreen Precious Metals ( mostly gold ) is worth a look , boasting a 17 % avg annual return over the past 10 years .
These metals have paradoxically provided protection during both inflationary and deflationary periods in history .
They ’re both a safety and dollar - printing play .
Owning cheap shares of public companies may also protect against inflation and bailouts .
I like companies with good revenue to EBITDA ratios , low price / book , sustainable dividends , etc .
A very select few retailers fit into this category , but have rallied too much to chase now , in my opinion .
I bought some Men ’s Warehouse in Feb , from $ 10 - $ 11.40ish .
That ’s a good example , but like I said , retailers have run too much now .
Wait for pullbacks and hope you get them in this crazy market .
disclosure on stocks mentioned : short SPG ( though my target price has risen with inflation and bailout expectations ) .
Long GLD , EKWAX .
Nothing in this post is intended to be taken as investment advice .
I am not an investment advisor , just posting my own opinions .
Trade at your own risk .
In this article , you can read about many different kinds of tiling , the math behind them , how to make them , and classify them !
You can also experiment interactively with tilings using .
Contents The Tilings Around Us
What is a tiling ?
We are surrounded by familiar tilings every day , like brick walls and tile floors .
Tiling Terminology
To mathematicians and scientists , there are an infinite number of different kinds of tilings -- symmetric ones , ones made with one shape of tile , even completely random ones .
Learn some of the mathematical terms and definitions about tilings Periodic Tilings
Tilings naturally fall into two classes .
Some have repeating patterns , and some do n't .
This page takes a closer look at repeating , or periodic tilings .
Symmetric Tilings
A floor covered with square tiles and a floor covered with hexagonal tiles both have regular , symmetric , repeating patterns , but they are clearly different .
What is symmetry , and how do you measure it ?
Wallpaper Groups
Wallpaper groups are sets of rules for building highly symmteric tilings froma single piece .
Surprisingly , there are exactly 17 of them !
See animations of these beautiful and intriguing tilings here .
Non-Periodic Tilings
Some tilings do n't repeat .
However , that does n't mean that they a totally random .
Some of the most fascinating tilings have an element of randomness mixed in with a basically regular pattern .
Penrose Tilings
Penrose tilings are aparticularly famous family of nonperiodic tilings .
Using two kinds of tiles and a simple set of rules , amazing nonperiodic tilings develop .
Learning More
Links to other tiling pages on the Web and a bibligraphy of tiling books point the way to further study on your own .
Below you will find the HD footage of one of the biggest E3 surprises , Final Fantasy XIV .
The title has been described as “ online ” but this has n’t been specified as an MMO or some sort of cooperative gameplay .
Honestly this title is very appealing as it seems to get down to the roots of the Final Fantasy legacy .
There are no fire arms featured in this trailer nor any pop sensation concerts .
Well done Square - Enix .
We will be bringing you ALL the latest updates as they become available from the floors of E3 .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S17xpQGoml4[/youtube]
As the world marks the end of the first century of drug prohibition -- the first international anti-drug convention was signed in Shanghai in 1909 -- the global anti-drug bureaucracy finds itself on the defensive .
Faced with a rising chorus of critics , the bureaucracy fought back this week as the United Nations Office on Crime and Drugs ( UNODC ) issued its World Drugs Report 2009 .
That the UNODC finally feels compelled to confront -- instead of ignore -- its critics is a sign of progress .
HCLU demonstration at March '09 UN drug summit , Vienna
In addition to its usual quantifying of marginal changes in drug production and consumption levels and exhortations to try harder to fight the drug menace , this year 's report was remarkable for its preface , penned by UNODC head Antonio Maria Costa , and , in a reversal of tone if not policy , some approving mention of Portugal 's eight - year - old experiment with decriminalization .
On decriminalization in Portugal the report noted that :
Portugal is an example of a country that recently decided not to put drug users in jail .
According to the International Narcotics Control Board , Portugal 's " decriminalization " of drug usage in 2001 falls within the Convention parameters : drug possession is still prohibited , but the sanctions fall under the administrative law , not the criminal law .
Those in possession of a small amount of drugs for personal use are issued with a summons rather than arrested .
The drugs are confiscated and the suspect must appear before a commission .
The suspect 's drug consumption patterns are reviewed , and users may be fined , diverted to treatment , or subjected to probation .
Cases of drug trafficking continue to be prosecuted , and the number of drug trafficking offenses detected in Portugal is close to the European average .
These conditions keep drugs out of the hands of those who would avoid them under a system of full prohibition , while encouraging treatment , rather than incarceration , for users .
Among those who would not welcome a summons from a police officer are tourists , and , as a result , Portugal ’s policy has reportedly not led to an increase in drug tourism .
It also appears that a number of drug - related problems have decreased .
The report then goes on to say that " while incarceration will continue to be the main response to detected traffickers , it should only be applied in exceptional cases to users . "
Combined with Costa's " people who take drugs need medical help , not criminal retribution , " in the preface , it suggests that the UNODC would not oppose decriminalization , but the report does n't say that .
Instead , it advocates for drug courts and drug treatment .
When it comes to legalization , in the preface , Costa acknowledged his anti-prohibitionist critics and attempted to confront their arguments .
His comments are worth quoting at length :
" ... Of late , there has been a limited but growing chorus among politicians , the press , and even in public opinion saying : drug control is not working .
The broadcasting volume is still rising and the message spreading .
Much of this public debate is characterized by sweeping generalizations and simplistic solutions .
Yet , the very heart of the discussion underlines the need to evaluate the effectiveness of the current approach .
Having studied the issue on the basis of our data , UNODC has concluded that , while changes are needed , they should be in favor of different means to protect society against drugs , rather than by pursuing the different goal of abandoning such protection .
.
Several arguments have been put forward in favor of repealing drug controls , based on ( i ) economic , ( ii ) health , and ( iii ) security grounds , and a combination thereof .
The economic argument for drug legalization says : legalize drugs , and generate tax income .
This argument is gaining favor , as national administrations seek new sources of revenue during the current economic crisis .
This legalize and tax argument is unethical and uneconomical .
It proposes a perverse tax , generation upon generation , on marginalized cohorts ( lost to addiction ) to stimulate economic recovery .
Are the partisans of this cause also in favor of legalizing and taxing other seemingly intractable crimes like human trafficking ?
Modern day slaves ( and there are millions of them ) would surely generate good tax revenue to rescue failed banks .
The economic argument is also based on poor fiscal logic : any reduction in the cost of drug control ( due to lower law enforcement expenditure ) will be offset by much higher expenditure on public health ( due to the surge of drug consumption ) .
The moral of the story : do n't make wicked transactions legal just because they are hard to control .
Others have argued that , following legalization , a health threat ( in the form of a drug epidemic ) could be avoided by state regulation of the drug market .
Again , this is naive and myopic .
First , the tighter the controls ( on anything ) , the bigger and the faster a parallel ( criminal ) market will emerge -- thus invalidating the concept .
Second , only a few ( rich ) countries could afford such elaborate controls .
What about the rest ( the majority ) of humanity ?
Why unleash a drug epidemic in the developing world for the sake of libertarian arguments made by a pro-drug lobby that has the luxury of access to drug treatment ?
Drugs are not harmful because they are controlled -- they are controlled because they are harmful ; and they do harm whether the addict is rich and beautiful , or poor and marginalized .
The most serious issue concerns organized crime .
All market activity controlled by the authority generates parallel , illegal transactions , as stated above .
Inevitably , drug controls have generated a criminal market of macro-economic dimensions that uses violence and corruption to mediate between demand and supply .
Legalize drugs , and organized crime will lose its most profitable line of activity , critics therefore say .
Not so fast .
UNODC is well aware of the threats posed by international drug mafias .
Our estimates of the value of the drug market ( in 2005 ) were groundbreaking .
The Office was also first to ring the alarm bell on the threat of drug trafficking to countries in West and East Africa , the Caribbean , Central America and the Balkans .
In doing so we have highlighted the security menace posed by organized crime , a matter now periodically addressed by the UN Security Council .
Having started this drugs / crime debate , and having pondered it extensively , we have concluded that these drug - related , organized crime arguments are valid .
They must be addressed .
I urge governments to recalibrate the policy mix , without delay , in the direction of more controls on crime , without fewer controls on drugs .
In other words , while the crime argument is right , the conclusions reached by its proponents are flawed .
Why ?
Because we are not counting beans here : we are counting lives .
Economic policy is the art of counting beans ( money ) and handling trade - offs : inflation vs. employment , consumption vs. savings , internal vs. external balances .
Lives are different .
If we start trading them off , we end up violating somebody 's human rights .
There cannot be exchanges , no quid - pro-quos , when health and security are at stake : modern society must , and can , protect both these assets with unmitigated determination .
I appeal to the heroic partisans of the human rights cause worldwide , to help UNODC promote the right to health of drug addicts : they must be assisted and reintegrated into society .
Addiction is a health condition and those affected by it should not be imprisoned , shot - at or , as suggested by the proponent of this argument , traded off in order to reduce the security threat posed by international mafias .
Of course , the latter must be addressed , and below is our advice .
First , law enforcement should shift its focus from drug users to drug traffickers .
Drug addiction is a health condition : people who take drugs need medical help , not criminal retribution .
Attention must be devoted to heavy drug users .
They consume the most drugs , cause the greatest harm to themselves and society -- and generate the most income to drug mafias .
Drug courts and medical assistance are more likely to build healthier and safer societies than incarceration .
I appeal to Member States to pursue the goal of universal access to drug treatment as a commitment to save lives and reduce drug demand : the fall of supply , and associated crime revenues , will follow .
Let 's progress towards this goal in the years ahead , and then assess its beneficial impact on the next occasion Member States will meet to review the effectiveness of drug policy ( 2015 ) .
Second , we must put an end to the tragedy of cities out of control .
Drug deals , like other crimes , take place mostly in urban settings controlled by criminal groups .
This problem will worsen in the mega-cities of the future , if governance does not keep pace with urbanization .
Yet , arresting individuals and seizing drugs for their personal use is like pulling weeds -- it needs to be done again the next day .
The problem can only be solved by addressing the problem of slums and dereliction in our cities , through renewal of infrastructures and investment in people -- especially by assisting the youth , who are vulnerable to drugs and crime , with education , jobs and sport .
Ghettos do not create junkies and the jobless : it is often the other way around .
And in the process mafias thrive .
Third , and this is the most important point , governments must make use , individually and collectively , of the international agreements against uncivil society .
This means to ratify and apply the UN Conventions against Organized Crime ( TOC ) and against Corruption ( CAC ) , and related protocols against the trafficking of people , arms and migrants .
There is much more our countries can do to face the brutal force of organized crime : the context within which mafias operate must also be addressed ...
To conclude , transnational organized crime will never be stopped by drug legalization .
Mafias coffers are equally nourished by the trafficking of arms , people and their organs , by counterfeiting and smuggling , racketeering and loan - sharking , kidnapping and piracy , and by violence against the environment ( illegal logging , dumping of toxic waste , etc ) .
The drug / crime trade - off argument , debated above , is no other than the pursuit of the old drug legalization agenda , persistently advocated by the pro-drug - lobby ( Note that the partisans of this argument would not extend it to guns whose control -- they say -- should actually be enforced and extended : namely , no to guns , yes to drugs ) .
So far the drug legalization agenda has been opposed fiercely , and successfully , by the majority of our society .
Yet , anti-crime policy must change .
It is no longer sufficient to say : no to drugs .
We have to state an equally vehement : no to crime .
There is no alternative to improving both security and health .
The termination of drug control would be an epic mistake .
Equally catastrophic is the current disregard of the security threat posed by organized crime . "
While Costa 's preface can only be read as an attack on the anti-prohibitionist position ( while essentially calling for decriminalization of drug use ) , it also marks an engagement with the anti-prohibitionists .
And they are ready to engage right back at him .
" The UN drug czar is talking out of both sides of his mouth .
On the one hand he admits global drug prohibition is destabilizing governments , increasing violence , and destroying lives , " said Ethan Nadelmann , executive director of the Drug Policy Alliance .
" But on the other hand he offers facile arguments dismissing the need for serious debate on alternative drug policies .
The report erroneously assumes that prohibition represents the ultimate form of control when in fact it represents the abdication of control , " Nadelmann added .
" The world 's ' drug czar , ' Antonio Maria Costa , would have you believe that the legalization movement is calling for the abolition of drug control , " said Jack Cole , executive director of Law Enforcement Against Prohibition ( LEAP ) and a retired undercover narcotics detective .
" Quite the contrary , we are demanding that governments replace the failed policy of prohibition with a system that actually regulates and controls drugs , including their purity and prices , as well as who produces them and who they can be sold to .
You can't have effective control under prohibition , as we should have learned from our failed experiment with alcohol in the US between 1920 and 1933 . "
LEAP wants to keep the conversation going , and it wants citizens around the world to let the UNODC head know what they think .
" We 're asking people to go to http://www.DrugWarDebate.com, where they can send a message to the world ' drug czar ' to educate him about the effects of policies he is supposed to be leading on , " said Cole .
" Now is the time for action .
It 's clear that prohibitionists are concerned about reformers ' rapidly growing political clout when they attack us on page one of their annual report but did n't even mention us in last year 's . "
After ignoring anti-prohibitionist critics for years -- the legalization movement was n't even mentioned in last year 's report -- the global anti-drug bureaucracy has come out swinging .
Costa has made his best case for smarter , better drug prohibition , and his arguments deserve to be addressed seriously .
But as successful nonviolent social movement leader Mohandas Gandhi famously observed : " First they ignore you , then they ridicule you , then they fight you , then you win . "
It appears that the anti-prohibitionist struggle is now in its penultimate stage .
Why do my son's books tell him all men are useless ?
Sitting on the sofa , with my four - year - old son Billy , I was reading aloud to him from a book by Anthony Browne .
He 's our favourite male children 's author .
We love reading together .
For one thing , it 's about bonding .
My son asks me about the world and I try to explain it to him .
It 's a classic moment between father and son .
This particular book is called Gorilla .
It 's about a girl called Hannah who is obsessed with gorillas and whose father takes no notice of her .
Bone to pick : William Leith pictured with his three - year - old son Billy
There he is , the awful man , introduced on page two , sitting at the breakfast table , hiding behind his newspaper .
His daughter wants to talk to him , but he 's not interested .
He 's there , physically , at the table .
But in all other respects , he 's absent .
' He did n't have time for anything , ' writes the author Browne .
On the next page , the father says : ' Not now .
I 'm busy .
Maybe tomorrow .'
And as I read this out to my son , he looked puzzled .
' Why ? ' he asked , gazing up towards me for an answer .
' I do n't know , ' I said .
Later , I considered my son's question in more detail .
And I realised that it was n't just some dads .
It was lots of dads .
Why ?
Why is the dad in Zoo , another book by Browne , about a family trip to the zoo , such an idiot ?
Not just an idiot , but a grumpy , overweight idiot who tries to make jokes , but is never funny and , what 's more , is always on the verge of ruining things for everybody else .
He 's a greedy slob , just like Homer Simpson .
He 's more childish than his children , even though he has hair sprouting from his ears .
' He 's a greedy slob , just like Homer Simpson .
He 's more childish than his children ...'
//////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
Then there 's the dad in Into The Forest , another book by this author .
This one 's about a dad who goes missing .
He is clearly a weakling .
He walks out of the family home and goes to stay with his mum .
A recent academic study confirmed that men - particularly fathers - are under - represented in almost all children 's books .
And when they do appear , like the fathers in Gorilla and Zoo , they are often withdrawn , or obsessed with themselves , or just utterly ineffectual .
Take our favourite female author , Julia Donaldson .
I started with her most famous book , The Gruffalo .
The Gruffalo is male and he 's also a dad .
His main characteristic is that he 's an idiot .
A complete fool .
The butt of the book 's jokes .
He 's outsmarted by a mouse .
Actually , the mouse outsmarts various other animals , too - a fox , an owl and a snake .
They 're all male .
But we never get to know if the mouse is male or female .
The mouse is just a mouse .
Again , I thought of my son's question .
Why ?
Why are so many male characters in books such idiots ?
I do n't think Julia Donaldson is a male - basher .
But still , a gentle thread of male idiocy runs through her books .
Two of our favourites are The Snail And The Whale and Tiddler .
Both are about adventurous young creatures .
The snail travels the world on the back of a whale , and is smart and resourceful at every point .
A recent academic study confirmed that men - particularly fathers - are under - represented in almost all children 's books
Tiddler , a little fish , also has adventures .
But this fish is a bit of a dreamer and eventually gets caught up in a trawler net .
Tiddler is lucky to escape .
Whereas the snail calls the shots and ends up saving the whale 's life .
And guess what ?
The snail is female .
And Tiddler is , of course , a guy .
As the penny dropped , I looked at all the other books I 've been reading to my son .
There 's The Selfish Crocodile , by Faustin Charles and Michael Terry .
It 's about a male crocodile who wants everything for himself , thereby ruining the lives of all the other animals in the jungle .
And , then , there 's Giraffes Can't Dance , in which a giraffe called Gerald tries to dance and looks like a total idiot .
And something else began to strike me as I looked at these stories - the stories I use to introduce my son to the ways of the world .
Not only were they full of bad male stereotypes - deadbeat dads , absent fathers , idiots , wimps and fools - but I have been totally colluding with them .
It did n't bother me at all .
Until I started to think about it , it had seemed normal to me .
What are men like ?
Dumb .
I just accepted it .
For instance , in another of our favourites , Benedict Blathwayt 's The Runaway Train , the driver is called Duffy .
And what does he do ?
He gets out of the train , forgetting to put the brake on , and the train rolls off without him .
A driverless train - what a powerful symbol of male inadequacy !
Yet this seems quite normal .
We sit on the sofa and laugh .
' Why does Duffy forget the brake ? ' my son asked me .
Why ?
Stories require fall - guys .
They need some people to be malign or foolish or weak .
And it just so happens that these people , in these stories , are male .
It just so happens that it would n't seem right , to me , if these malign , foolish or weak people were female .
Somehow , they have to be male .
And symbols of male inadequacy are so deeply embedded in other parts of our culture .
So much so , in fact , that nobody notices it any more .
' The books are full of bad male stereotypes - deadbeat dads , absent fathers , wimps and fools '
//////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
For years , I 've laughed at hopeless Homer Simpson and his dangerous son Bart , and the attempts of the female characters in the family to clean up after them .
For years I 've accepted that Wally , in the Where 's Wally ?
books , is , in fact , a bit of a wally .
That 's the point of him , surely ?
And it never mattered to me that the one thing that defines Tinky Winky , the only identifiable male in the Teletubbies , is his general ineffectuality .
And it's also never bothered me that Iggle Piggle , in another children 's TV programme In The Night Garden , seems like a drunk , and that most of the Mr Men are deeply inadequate .
Why had this never bothered me ?
Because it 's all around us , everywhere we look .
For years , men in our stories - not just for children , but adults , too - have been losing their authority .
Not just years - decades .
It 's crept up on us and now it 's everywhere .
Remember when movie stars were strong and decisive ?
That was a long time ago now : John Wayne , Gary Cooper , Errol Flynn .
Then came a new , softer type - Cary Grant and James Stewart were strong , yes , but against a background of self - doubt .
And then came Jack Lemmon , Dustin Hoffman , Woody Allen , Bill Murray , Kevin Spacey - neurotic , bumbling , deeply flawed anti-heroes .
Think of Kevin Spacey in American Beauty .
The deadbeat dad , smoking dope in the garage because he can't take the pressure of family life .
For a long time now , something has been happening to the way we portray men .
And wherever you look , things seem to be getting worse for guys .
In a survey of 1,000 TV adverts , made by writer Frederic Hayward , he points out that : ' 100 per cent of the jerks singled out in male - female relationships were male . '
So does this mean that there is something wrong with the way we portray men ?
Or - much more seriously - is there some deep trouble with men themselves ?
I can't bear to have that thought .
Can you ?
Doh : Homer Simpson is another example of a poor father figure
Yet that 's certainly what our culture seems to be telling us .
And it's what certain feminist writers seem to be telling us , too .
Take the American writer Susan Faludi .
In her book Stiffed , she says that men have lost something essential to their self - esteem - their role as hunters and frontiersmen .
For the past 100 years or so , male qualities , she says , have been getting less and less important .
These days , in our safe , modern , information - based society , we do n't need the classic male qualities of brute strength and aggression .
We do n't need people flexing their muscles and jutting their chins out .
No , what we need are female qualities , such as empathy and multi-tasking .
And this , Faludi suggests , is having a weird effect on lots of men .
She writes about gangs of violent male teenagers , and sad , gung - ho sports fans , and the cult of bodybuilding .
She says that men feel betrayed by modern society , that men , as a group , are facing a crisis .
That men are essentially falling apart .
But is this something I should be telling my son ?
That men are useless and getting more useless ?
When I first read Faludi 's argument , part of me did not want to accept it .
I even wrote an article saying she was wrong .
The reason that men were being portrayed as idiots and losers , I said , was because they were strong - and they could take it .
You would n't mock a woman , as it would be offensive .
Men could cope .
Men , as a group , were not falling apart .
They were fine .
Fine , I tell you !
I 'm not sure if I believed this argument of mine .
But it made me feel good .
Anyway , I thought , men can't be falling apart .
If they were , surely they would try to do something about it .
Surely they would say something .
But then I read work by another American writer , Warren Farrell , who made rather a chilling point .
When men feel powerless , he said , they do n't talk about it .
That 's because they 're men .
For men , showing weakness is a no - no .
Men have fragile egos , but they are programmed not to talk about it .
Sure , twice as many women are diagnosed with depression as men .
But this is partly because lots of men wo n't admit to being depressed .
Often , they try to deal with the situation on their own .
By boozing .
By brooding .
By walking away .
By disappearing behind the newspaper at the breakfast table .
But is this something I should be explaining to my son ?
That men , who hunted for millennia while women gathered , are now , slowly but surely , becoming redundant ?
' For years , men in our stories - not just for children , but adults , too - have been losing their authority '
//////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
Of course , I could read him stories featuring another of his favourites - Bob The Builder .
I say his favourite , and not mine , as I do n't like Bob much .
Bob is so essentially male he might as well be a machine , like Trevor The Tractor .
Bob and Trevor have almost no personality - they are automata .
This makes me think of Simon Baron - Cohen , and his research into the difference between the male and female brain .
Baron - Cohen is professor of psychology and psychiatry at the University of Cambridge .
In his book , The Essential Difference , he says : ' The female brain is predominantly hard - wired for empathy . '
On the other hand , he says : ' The male brain is predominantly hard - wired for understanding and building systems . '
What does this tell us ?
That men , at best , are like Bob The Builder .
Sometimes , like Bob , they build systems that work .
Men are also programmed to take more risks than women .
Like Winnie The Pooh , they can be impulsive .
Like Toad in The Wind In The Willows , they can be boorish and arrogant .
Like Peter Rabbit , they are in love with taking risks .
But what if men take risks that do n't come off ?
What if they build systems that do n't work ?
We 've seen a lot of that recently .
The sad truth , I think , is that men - who , frankly , have been pretty disastrous for the world in the past century or so - have messed up .
And everybody knows it .
And this fact has seeped into every part of our culture .
That 's why the dad in Gorilla is busy .
He 's busy hiding behind his newspaper .
He 's a guy .
He does n't know what else to do .
While the MPAA sees BitTorrent as enemy number one , many filmmakers dream of getting their work into the top 100 download list on The Pirate Bay .
Filmmaker Tommy Pallotta is one of them .
His previous film was already immensely popular on BitTorrent , and he hopes to repeat this success with his latest work .
Tommy Pallotta is an American film director and producer from Texas , currently living in Amsterdam , The Netherlands .
Being this far away from his home country is one of the reasons why he became a BitTorrent enthusiast , no further explanation needed for most Torrent Freak readers .
In film circles , Pallotta is known for his outstanding animation work that defines most of his work thus far .
His last film , A Scanner Darkly starred Keanu Reeves and was a smash hit on BitTorrent .
With more than a million downloads , the movie earned a place in our list of Top 10 most downloaded movies four weeks in a row .
Pallotta ’s latest work is something totally different though .
It ’s a follow up documentary to film legend Martin Scorsese ’s cult - classic American
Boy that was shot more than thirty years ago .
In American Boy Scorsese documented the life of his friend Steven Prince , who was also the inspiration for one of the best known scene ’s in Tarantino ’s Pulp Fiction .
With American Prince Pallotta continues the saga .
Since Scorsese ’s original documentary is a rarity nowadays , Pallotta had to ‘ pirate ’ much of his material on BitTorrent sites and YouTube .
In return , Pallotta is giving the film away for free on BitTorrent .
This of course caught our attention and we decided to catch up with the director to lear a little more about his motivation to embrace BitTorrent .
Film director and producer Tommy Pallotta
TF : First off , A Scanner Darkly – which you produced – became quite successful on BitTorrent and was downloaded by hundreds of thousands of people .
Were you aware of that at the time ?
What do you think of people who use BitTorrent to download the film ?
Tommy : Really , A Scanner Darkly was successful on BitTorrent ?
GREAT !
I wish it was more so , I have to admit , I get jealous when I look at the top 100 downloads on the trackers and I do n’t see my movies .
In fact , part of the reason I am releasing American Prince on BitTorrent is for the hope that it breaks the top 100 .
I live in Amsterdam now , so the only way I can keep up with some of my favorite shows , events , and films is to download .
I think it is great , especially for filmmakers of niche movies .
My movies tend to get limited releases and are more of the cult film status , so the initial release is often overlooked or simply the movie is unavailable in many areas .
For me as a filmmaker it is most important that the work I make get seen .
I feel for many people and places , downloading is the only way they will get to see my movies .
Waking Life is a movie that I produced that is a pretty interesting example of that .
It seems more popular today that when it came out in 2001 .
I think BitTorrent and steaming sites like YouTube are completely responsible for that phenomena .
Since I use BitTorrent , I wanted to give back to the community , that was part of the motivation is releasing American Prince via BitTorrent .
TF : The MPAA has often argued that the movie industry loses billions of dollars through piracy .
Others think that it has close to no impact .
What ’s your position in the ongoing ‘ piracy debate ’ ?
Tommy : Well , everyone has a different opinion .
It is pretty simple to me :
The exact same thing that happened to the music industry will happen to the film industry .
I suspect the film industry knows that and is trying to hold off the inevitable as long as they can .
My guess is that they will try to make as much money as long as they can until they have to change or someone comes in and organizes and unifies the industry in the way Apple did for music .
But even that is tricky because obviously Apple benefited more than the music industry .
So they should be looking at alternative revenue streams , I find it hard to believe that many DVDs will be sold a few years from now .
I would rather embrace new technologies and distribution methods , I feel this gives me greater and more immediate access to an audience .
TF : For American
Prince you ’ve used material from BitTorrent and YouTube , which is great .
Did you license all these clips , or are they pirated copies ?
Tommy : Yes we used material from BitTorrent and YouTube for American Prince and no , we did not license them .
I did receive the Master copy of American Boy from Steven Prince himself , but we found a copy via BitTorrent that was better than that copy , so we used that !
Plus , there is some confusion as to who actually owns the rights to American Boy .
Part of the motivation of this film was to get a proper release for Scorsese ’s American Boy .
I felt this film would help uncover who has the rights and hopefully get it in front of a larger audience .
TF : Why did you decide to release American Prince for free on BitTorrent and what do you expect from it ?
Tommy : Scorsese ’s American
Boy has been and is still generally unavailable for over 30 years , yet so many filmmakers have been influenced by it .
The way we saw it is through multi-generational VHS tapes .
Now with BitTorrent , there is a whole new audience and generation ready to be influenced by that film and I hope mine .
Steven Prince is a gold mine of future cinema scenes and I hope a whole new generation of filmmakers will understand how he has influenced American Cinema .
My biggest expectation is that the most people possible will watch my film !
Also , I would really like to encourage people to talk about the film , with each other as well as on the Internet .
It would make me happy to see Wikipedia entries and IMDB boards as well as Internet sites .
I would love for people to get together and have screenings of it with their friends , or for universities to suggest to their class for the students to watch it .
I look at American Prince as the film school I never had , what I always imagined film school to be .
TF : Do you think that the Internet and file - sharing technology will play an important role in shaping the future of film distribution ?
Tommy : I absolutely believe how we watch and share movies will shape the future of film distribution .
I believe it will have such a profound influence that it will even change how movies are made .
I think it is a win-win for the filmmakers and the viewers .
Filmmakers will have a more direct reach with audience and viewers have more to choose from .
I wanted to release this film in support of file sharing and to prove to myself and others that it can have a profoundly positive effect .
TF : Amen .
As the first step on CouchDB desktop integration , here ’s version 0.1 of couchdb - glib , a GLib - based API to talk to CouchDB .
This initial version only allows reading and does all operations synchronously ( not a problem in most cases , since the communication is done to the local CouchDB instance , which is quite quick , at least from what my tests show so far ) .
Next releases will have all the missing functionality .
And , well , no screenshots to show , so here ’s some example code for you to enjoy .
Source code is in GNOME GIT , under couchdb - glib module .
How long has GM been around ?
It only seems like forever .
The company was founded in 1908 by a flamboyant salesman named William Durant , with Buick as its sole original holding .
Durant proceeded to snap up 30 other car­makers in 18 months , including Oldsmobile , Pontiac , and Cadillac .
The acquisition spree saddled the company with debt it could n’t repay ( sound familiar ? ) , and in 1912 , GM ’s bankers gave Durant the boot .
He was eventually replaced by Alfred Sloan , a stiff , standoffish engineer whose innovations nevertheless rivaled those of Henry Ford .
But where Ford and his assembly line revolutionized the way cars were manufactured , Sloan , who ran the company until 1956 , revolutionized the way they were marketed and sold .
How did he accomplish that ?
By segmenting the market and then trying to appeal to every segment .
Under Sloan , GM strove to supply a car for , as he said , “ every purse and purpose . ”
Chevrolet , said a GM executive , was “ for the hoi polloi , Pontiac for the poor but proud , Oldsmobile for the comfortable but discreet , Buick for the striving , and Cadillac for the rich . ”
GM also produced many of the innovations that would come to define the modern automobile , including power steering and power brakes , independent suspension , and automatic transmission .
And significantly , GM was the first auto company to change its cars ’ features and styling almost annually — instilling in Americans the habit of replacing their cars every few years .
With GM factories turning out cars in virtually every price range , sales soared , and by the 1950s , more than half the vehicles on America ’s roads were GM - made .
What went wrong ?
GM ’s corporate structure , which Sloan called “ decentralized operations with coordinated control , ” worked well as long as GM dominated the industry .
But decentralization created a dozen internal fiefdoms and enormous inefficiencies , and as competition , especially from Japan ’s Toyota , increased , GM was unable to adapt .
One division ’s cars often cannibalized the sales of other divisions .
Its in - house parts companies overcharged the various car divisions , which were barred from seeking lower prices from outsiders .
And the various divisions resisted consolidating back - office operations such as purchasing and payroll .
GM was also plagued with labor problems — one strike in 1970 took 400,000 workers off the job for 67 days , significantly slowing the entire U.S. economy .
The company , which in the 1980s employed more than 800,000 people worldwide , bought labor peace by giving its unions lavish pay and benefits packages that earned it the nickname “ Generous Motors . ”
But those labor contracts crippled the company ’s ability to cut costs .
So is it the unions ’ fault ?
Only up to a point .
The unions were slow to moderate their demands in response to competitive challenges .
They resisted the closure of unneeded factories and pressured GM to create a “ jobs bank ” that paid laid - off workers up to 95 percent of their salary and benefits .
But you ca n’t blame the workers for management ’s arrogance and complacency .
Finance executive Nancy Rottering , who quit in frustration in 1987 , said the attitude at headquarters was , “ We ’re GM .
We know everything , we do n’t need to change . ”
Executives were literally walled off from the rest of the company behind the double electronic doors to the 14th floor of GM ’s Detroit headquarters .
They entered the building through a private basement garage and took their gourmet meals in private dining rooms .
They rarely interacted with customers or even their own dealers , who knew firsthand their customers ’ likes and dislikes .
What was the impact of management ’s isolation ?
It drastically slowed the company ’s ability to adapt to a changing market — or even recognize that it was changing .
In the late 1970s , soaring gas prices fed demand for smaller , fuel - efficient cars .
While GM continued to churn out oversized gas - guzzlers , Japanese carmakers flooded the U.S. with small , fuel - efficient machines , dragging down GM ’s share of the U.S. market to about 44 percent , its lowest point since the 1930s .
When GM finally got around to offering small cars , they were plagued by quality problems .
Styling was an even bigger disaster :
The company that once created sexy , status - enhancing cars like the Pontiac GTO and Chevrolet Camaro lost its magic touch , and began producing stodgy , generic models like the Chevy Cobalt .
Foreign brands such as BMW and Lexus , meanwhile , came to epitomize wealth and coolness .
GM ’s marketers had no idea how to restore the brand ’s luster , and even contributed to the damage with their ineptitude .
The Chevy Nova , for example , never met the company ’s sales expectations in Latin America because “ no va ” in Spanish means , “ It does n’t go . ”
Did GM try to adapt ?
Yes , but its entrenched culture and mammoth size got in the way .
The United Auto Workers , meanwhile , resisted every attempt to shrink the company to match its declining sales .
It refused to renegotiate health benefits for its current members and the 377,000 retirees , even though they cost GM about $ 1,200 per car , putting the company at a sizable cost disadvantage to Japanese rivals .
In the end , though , it was unappealing cars that brought GM down .
The company that had thrived by making a car for every buyer forgot how to make cars that most people wanted to buy .
‘ What ’s good for GM …’
The statement “ What ’s good for GM is good for America , ” attributed to former GM President Charles “ Engine Charlie ” Wilson , is often cited as a classic example of the carmaker ’s hubris .
But the actual quote , in context , suggests something other than overweening arrogance .
Wilson testified to Congress in 1953 , during hearings to confirm his appointment as President Eisenhower ’s defense secretary .
Asked if he could make a decision that would adversely affect GM , Wilson said he could , but added he could not imagine such a situation , “ because for years I thought what was good for the country was good for General Motors and vice versa . ”
At that time , about one in every 200 working people in America worked for GM , and the company ’s revenues equaled about 3 percent of the country ’s gross domestic product — an enormous share for a single company .
Seen in that light , the statement sounds less like a highhanded dismissal than a simple — and accurate — recognition that GM ’s fortunes were intimately intertwined with those of the nation as a whole .
KANSAS CITY , Missouri ( Reuters ) -
It ’s corn planting time in the U.S. Plains , and that means Kansas corn farmer Merl “ Buck ” Rexford is worrying about the weather -- and hoping there is enough water .
E85 ethanol fuel is shown being pumped into a vehicle at a gas station selling alternative fuels in the town of Nevada , Iowa in this December 6 , 2007 file photo .
Proponents say corn ethanol for transportation fuel is far better for the environment , national security and the economy than oil and the first step toward cleaner fuel sources .
REUTERS / Jason Reed / Files
Rexford plans to start seeding his 7,000 acres near Meade , Kansas , this week and he is relishing a recent heavy snow storm that dropped several inches of much - needed moisture .
Like corn farmers throughout the United States , Rexford hopes to grow a healthy crop yielding more than 150 bushels an acre this year .
Much of his crop will wind up at a nearby ethanol plant .
And that puts the 65 - year - old Rexford at the center of a bitter divide over biofuels , particularly corn ethanol .
Critics argue that precious water resources are being bled dry by ethanol when water shortages are growing ever more dire .
Federal mandates encouraging more ethanol production do n’t help .
Proponents say corn ethanol for transportation fuel is far better for the environment , national security and the economy than oil and the first step toward cleaner fuel sources .
“ We really have to ask ourselves , do we want to be driving with renewable fuels or with gasoline made from petroleum resources , ” said Brent Erickson , executive vice president at the Biotechnology Industry Organization , which backs ethanol .
Corn ethanol ’s future is already muddied by concerns that it requires a substantial amount of energy to produce and that heightened demand makes corn more costly in human food and livestock feed .
Now , with climate change concerns mounting and drought becoming more of a problem in many areas , the water - intensive nature of creating ethanol also is a growing concern .
“ Biofuels are off the charts in water consumption .
We ’re definitely looking at something where the cure may be worse than the disease , ” said Brooke Barton , a manager of corporate accountability for Ceres , a group backed by institutional investors focused on the financial risks of climate change .
Corn is a particularly thirsty plant , requiring about 20 inches of soil moisture per acre to grow a decent crop , but most corn is grown with rain , not irrigation .
Manufacturing plants that convert corn ’s starch into fuel are a far bigger draw on water sources .
Water consumption by ethanol plants largely comes from evaporation during cooling and wastewater discharge .
A typical plant uses about 4.2 gallons of water to make one gallon of ethanol , according to the Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
The ethanol industry pegs that at about 3 gallons of water to 1 gallon of fuel .
WASHINGTON PLAN
Washington lawmakers and the White House have been encouraging the use of ethanol as an alternative fuel to help lighten the nation ’s costly dependence on foreign oil .
But the moves are meeting opposition from many groups who fear that population growth and climate change are combining in ways that will leave not only the United States , but the world , with too little water .
Many ethanol plants are located in agricultural areas -- close to the corn , but also close to other users who need a lot of water to operate , such as hog farmers and cattle ranchers .
“ We ’re headed in the wrong direction and this problem is not going away , ” said Mark Muller , program director at the Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy .
“ This water issue is like the financial crisis ... and I ’m afraid something awful is going to happen . ”
The group says much of the Corn Belt stretching through Iowa , Illinois , Nebraska , Minnesota and Indiana has enough water for all , but water availability could challenge the ethanol industry in areas including greater Chicago , western Iowa and Nebraska , and generally west of the Missouri River .
“ Water use could be a limiting factor ( for ethanol ) if we do n’t introduce and support more water - saving technologies , ” added the Institute ’s Jim Kleinschmit .
“ Water is a worry , ” agreed Heritage Foundation senior policy analyst for energy and environment Ben Lieberman .
“ When we expand corn ethanol as we have with these federal mandates , ” he said , “ we are starting to see corn in more marginal areas that may need more irrigation .
We are seeing increased water use not just for the processing plants but also the water in growing the corn . ”
Last month , a coalition of environmental , agricultural , business and consumer groups asked the Obama administration not to raise the amount of ethanol blended into gasoline without further study .
Ethanol supporters do n’t dispute the water - intensive nature of the industry .
But they say much of the corn crop relies on rain from the skies , not pumped out of the ground , and even irrigation systems are improving to reduce water usage by almost half .
More water - efficient production plants are also reducing water use .
In January 2009 , there were 170 ethanol plants operating in the United States and 24 more new or expanding plants .
In 2008 , the United States led the world in ethanol production , generating 9 billion gallons , or 52 percent of the world production .
That is up from 6.5 billion gallons of U.S. ethanol in 2007 , according to the Renewable Fuels Association .
The U.S. aims for 15 billion gallons by 2015 .
THIRSTY WORLD
Freshwater consumption worldwide is expected to rise 25 percent by 2030 due largely to world population growth from 6.6 billion currently to about 8 billion by 2030 and more than 9 billion by 2050 , according to Ceres .
Some believe crop biotechnology could offer at least a partial solution , and several companies are racing to develop corn that is drought - tolerant , including Monsanto Co , which hopes to launch a product in 2012 .
DuPont Co. ’s Pioneer Hi-Bred unit plans to roll out a low - water conventionally produced corn as early as 2010 .
Back in Kansas , farmer Rexford would welcome a more drought - hardy corn seed .
Water to irrigate his crop is getting harder and more expensive to come by .
Still , farmers need the premiums selling their corn for ethanol can bring , he said , just as much as the nation needs to break free from dependence on foreign oil .
“ If farmers go out of business you ’ll have a lot worse crisis than an oil crisis , ” he said .
Well , that tears it .
I read the Military Commissions
Act of 2006 on my sh*tty little dial - up connection here in the cabin , and immediately went to the pawn shop in Moab and bought another rifle .
Five of them now in the stash , plus a couple pistols .
Ready enough to arm seven people altogether .
Have you … Continue reading “ Anti -US but Pro-American ”
A team of researchers from the University of Alcalá de Henares ( UAH ) says that human beings can develop echolocation , the system of acoustic signals used by dolphins and bats to explore their surroundings .
Producing certain kinds of tongue clicks helps people to identify objects around them without needing to see them , obviously something that would be useful for the blind , if it 's true .
The team has started a series of tests , the first of their kind in the world , they say , to make use of human beings ' under - exploited echolocation skills .
Much cooler than Man-Bat .
© Marvel Comics GroupIn the first study , published in the journal Acta Acustica united with Acustica , the team analyzed the physical properties of various sounds , and proposed the most effective of these for use in echolocation .
" The almost ideal sound is the ' palate click ' , a click made by placing the tip of the tongue on the palate , just behind the teeth , and moving it quickly backwards , although it is often done downwards , which is wrong " , Juan Antonio Martínez , lead author of the study and a researcher at the Superior Polytechnic School of the UAH , told Servicio de Información y Noticias Científicas ( SINC ) .
" In certain circumstances , we humans could rival bats in our echolocation or biosonar capacity .
" The researcher says that palate clicks " are very similar to the sounds made by dolphins , although on a different scale , as these animals have specially - adapted organs and can produce 200 clicks per second , while we can only produce three or four .
" By using echolocation , " which is three - dimensional , and makes it possible to ' see ' through materials that are opaque to visible radiation " they say it is possible to measure the distance of an object based on the time that elapses between the emission of a sound wave and an echo being received of this wave as it is reflected from the object .
In order to learn how to emit , receive and interpret sounds , the scientists are developing a method that uses a series of protocols .
This first step is for the individual to know how to make and identify his or her own sounds ( they are different for each person ) , and later to know how to use them to distinguish between objects according to their geometrical properties " as is done by ships ' sonar .
" Some blind people had previously taught themselves how to use echolocation by trial and error .
The best - known cases of these are the Americans Daniel Kish , the only blind person to have been awarded a certificate to act as a guide for other blind people , and Ben Underwood , who was considered to be the world 's best " echolocator " until he died at the start of 2009 .
However , they say no special physical abilities are required in order to develop this skill .
" Two hours per day for a couple of weeks are enough to distinguish whether you have an object in front of you , and within another two weeks you can tell the difference between trees and a pavement , " Martínez told SINC .
The scientist recommends trying with the typical " sh " sound used to make someone be quiet .
Moving a pen in front of the mouth can be noticed straightaway .
This is a similar phenomenon to that when travelling in a car with the windows down , which makes it possible to " hear " gaps in the verge of the road .
The next step is to learn how to master the palate clicks .
To make sure echoes from the tongue clicks are properly interpreted , the researchers are working with a laser pointer , which shows the part of an object at which the sound should be aimed .
Martínez has told SINC that his team is now working to help deaf and blind people to use this method in the future , because echoes are not only perceived by their ear , but also through vibrations in the tongue and bones .
" For these kinds of people in particular , and for all of us in general , this would be a new way of perceiving the world .
" Another of the team 's research areas involves establishing the biological limits of human echolocation ability , " and the first results indicate that detailed resolution using this method could even rival that of sight itself " .
The researchers started out by being able to tell if there was someone standing in front of them , but now can detect certain internal structures , such as bones , and even certain objects inside a bag .
The scientists recognize that they are still at the very early stages , but the possibilities that would be opened up with the development of echolocation in humans are enormous .
This technique will be very practical not only for the blind , but also for professionals such as firemen ( enabling them to find exit points through smoke ) and rescue teams , or simply people lost in fog .
A better understanding of the mental mechanisms used in echolocation could also help to design new medical imaging technologies or scanners , which make use of the great penetration capacity of clicks .
Martínez stresses that these sounds " are so penetrating that , even in environments as noisy as the metro , one can sense discontinuities in the platform or tunnels .
" Reference : Juan Antonio Martínez Rojas , Jesús Alpuente Hermosilla , Pablo Luis López Espí y Rocío Sánchez Montero .
" Physical Analysis of Several Organic Signals for Human Echolocation : Oral Vacuum Pulses " .
Acta Acustica united with Acustica 95 ( 2 ) : 325-330 , 2009 .
