The Texas Republican Party platform has always been a good read if you like chills up your spine .
But the latest effort by the Gee Oh Pee in Texas takes this another step .
The Houston Chronicle reports :
Texas high school students would learn about such significant individuals and milestones of conservative politics as Newt Gingrich and the rise of the Moral Majority — but nothing about liberals — under the first draft of new standards for public school history textbooks .
The first draft for proposed standards in United States History Studies Since Reconstruction declares that students should be expected " to identify significant conservative advocacy organizations and individuals , such as Newt Gingrich , Phyllis Schlafly and the Moral Majority , " according to the Dallas Morning News .
A six - member panel was set up by the Republican - dominated Texas Board of Education to advise teams of teachers , academics and community representatives to rewrite the standards for social studies textbooks and curricula .
One advisor , Peter Marshall , head of Peter Marshall Ministries in Massachusetts , said in early July :
" To have César Chávez listed next to Ben Franklin " – as in the current standards – " is ludicrous , " wrote evangelical minister Peter Marshall , one of six experts advising the state as it develops new curriculum standards for social studies classes and textbooks . [...]
Marshall also questioned whether Thurgood Marshall , who argued the landmark case that resulted in school desegregation and was the first black U.S. Supreme Court justice , should be presented to Texas students as an important historical figure .
He wrote that the late justice is " not a strong enough example " of such a figure .
Dave Barton , formerly a vice chair of the Texas Republicans , and another of the six advisors , also joined Peter Marshall in condemning the inclusion of Anne Hutchinson , who was banished from Puritan - ruled Massachusetts for her advocacy of women 's rights and religious freedom .
" She was certainly not a significant colonial leader , and did n't accomplish anything except getting herself exiled from the Massachusetts Bay Colony for making trouble , " Marshall wrote .
" Anne Hutchinson does not belong in the company of these eminent gentlemen , " he said , referring to colonial leaders William Penn , Roger Williams and others .
Williams later invited Hutchinson to help establish a colony in what became Rhode Island .
The new standards will determine what gets taught in Texas for the next 10 years in social studies , government and history classes .
The rightwingers who for more than a decade and a half have been seeking control over social studies curricula are not without their opponents .
The Texas Freedom Network has been engaged in this culture war and has published a report you can read here .
Child abuse is what this Glenn Beck approach to education amounts to , a dumbing down of future generations for the express purpose of keeping the lid on the kind of critical thinking that leads to dissent .
This is n't just know - nothingism at work .
It 's far more sinister .
One bit of fall - out from such revisions is that Texas is a huge market for textbook publishers , who may dilute their offerings to avoid losing out in that market , and thus affect the choices of other state education systems .
Sometimes , one can almost agree with the snarks who argue that Texas should be allowed to secede without any intervention this time .
But that would , of course , consign the millions of our compatriot blue voters in the Lone Star state to hopelessness .
= = =
h/t to Think Progress .
See also caseyaaronsmith 's diary .
I got a text message on Saturday telling me to turn on Baseball Tonight because Buck Showalter had an idea for realigning Major League Baseball .
Realignment — and negotiations in general — have to be executed where everyone feels they are winning in the deal , or it 's not going to happen .
The four parties involved for MLB realignment are the owners , players ' union , MLB officials , and of course the fans ( or as some businesses call them , the customers ) .
Buck ’s Idea :
Take away the American League and National League .
Contract two teams so we would be down to 28 .
Then , every team would play every other team three times at home and three times away .
This would mean the Yankees would play the Red Sox six times a year instead of the current 18 .
I am sure who ever runs Sunday Night Baseball wanted to talk to him about that idea .
Get rid of the Marlins and the Rays .
Make it DH or no DH across the board .
Divisions are the following , according to Buck :
Orioles
Yankees
Red Sox
Mets
Phillies
Nationals
Blue Jays
Diamondbacks
Angels
Dodgers
Athletics
Padres
Giants
Mariners
Cubs
White Sox
Reds
Indians
Brewers
Twins
Pirates
Braves
Rockies
Tigers
Astros
Royals
Cardinals
Rangers
* I am not sure if he would have 2 division winners per division or 1 division winner per division and 2 league wild cards .
Problems with the plan
Contraction : I do n’t think contracting Florida or Tampa is a good idea .
From a baseball point of view , the Marlins have won two World Series since 1997 .
The owner chooses to go with younger players and spend less on payroll .
That is a business decision , not because Miami is a small market .
I think baseball needs to expand into other markets and bring the excitement of live Major League Baseball to different cities , not take it away .
Limiting Divisional games : Currently , divisional rivals play each other 15 to 19 times depending on league and division .
He would propose only playing each other six times .
Divisional Setup :
Some of the teams who do n’t win now would go out of the frying pan and into the fire .
The Nationals would not only still have to compete with the Mets and Phils , but they would pick up the Yanks and Red Sox as division rivals .
No Cubs vs. Cards at all would not be a good idea at all .
I have my own plan for realignment that I feel benefits all four groups .
My plan can be viewed here .
©2009 The Fair Ball .
All Rights Reserved .
Related Posts
Team Directions Around the League Let 's look at the teams around MLB and the directions they are headed .
You have 14 teams who pretty much can start planning for next season .
Later we will look at the other 16 teams and the direction of the franchise .
Down and Out Toronto Blue Jays - The Blue Jays ......
Torre does not like Interleague Play How do you feel about Interleague play ?
Yeah there is the Mets vs. Yanks ,
White Soxs vs Cubs , Dodgers vs. Angels , and etc but after the top billing interleague showdowns are we really interested ?
The AL teams play 18 Interleague games and the NL teams play 15 Interleague games , so ......
Florida Marlins -
The six year plan
The Marlins are on the most criticized teams for not spending money to put a quality product on the field .
The Marlins 2009 Payroll is about 36 million which is the lowest in the Major leagues .
To put it in context the Washington Nationals spent about 60 million for 2009 , and the Yankees ......
2009 World Series Preview The Odds on favorite for a 2009 World Series Match up will be the defending champs Philadelphia Phillies and the New York Yankees .
Other teams in the mix to become World Series Champs include the Boston Red Sox , Los Angeles Angels in the American League .
In the National League The ......
2009 World Series Preview Baltimore Baseball
Worse before it gets better Baltimore baseball is getting worse before it is getting better , and what I say Baltimore baseball I mean the Baltimore Orioles .
The Orioles are currently 41 wins and 53 loses and 16.5 games back in the American League East and have no shot at the Playoffs in baseball .
The scary part ......
Related Websites
Sorry To See Mussina Retire I just read that Mike Mussina has decided to hang up his glove and retire .
As a Sox fan , I will be sorry to see him go .
I always got a warm , fuzzy feeling whenever he took the mound against Boston .
Now the numbers may prove me wrong , I have n't ......
Red Sox Freeze Ticket Prices
In a move that can only be described as smart , the Red Sox announced they would not be raising ticket prices for the 2009 season .
Red Sox Tom Werner , Red Sox 's chairman : " As stewards of this great franchise , John , Larry and I hold our positions as a kind of a ......
Sox Jet - lagged
After some goodwill exhibition games with the Hanshin Tigers and Yomiuri Giants and splitting a short , two game set with the A's at the Tokyo Dome in Japan the Sox headed back to familiar soil for a few more exhibitions games .
then on to another two game series against each ......
Major League Baseball Stole My Money ...
As some of my regular readers know , I 'm a huge Red Sox fan ( which has n't been easy this past week ) , living in Northern California .
If I want to see Red Sox games , I have three choices ... a $ 160 ( or so ) cable subscription , a Slingbox , or MLB .
TV 's service to watch the ......
Joe DiMaggio Sports Memorabilia
Even today 's modern kids who might not even watch baseball or be able to name one single player have heard the name Joe DiMaggio .
His name is synonymous with baseball and sports , as he was part of the game during its glory days , when it seemed every ......
Related posts :
Related posts brought to you by Yet Another Related Posts Plugin .
The Return of Greed Banks Reopen Global Casino
Investment banks , of all things , are making serious money again , thanks in part to government aid .
Ironically , they are benefiting from the crisis they helped to create .
As profits go up , so do salaries -- only this time , it 's the taxpayers who are shouldering the risks .
To me , being a great attorney is about two things — doing excellent work and forging meaningful relationships .
That ’s why , in addition to taking great care of my clients , I strive to build professional relationships grounded in mutual respect .
I like to think this philosophy of mine is the reason that , to this day , most of my clients are referred to me by other attorneys and former clients .
But that ’s not the reason I follow it .
Rather , I believe that relationships built on respect and trust are the only relationships worth having — professionally and otherwise .
Elementos del Ejército mexicano habrían incurrido en prácticas de tortura , desapariciones forzadas y operativos ilegales , en el marco de la lucha contra el narcotráfico que enfrenta el gobierno federal .
De acuerdo con una investigación publicada ayer por The Washington Post , víctimas de los presuntos abusos , familiares y organismos defensores de los derechos humanos han acusado a los militares de utilizar métodos crueles y brutalidad .
El reportaje señala que habitantes de la comunidad de Puerto Las Ollas , en la montaña de Guerrero , señalaron que soldados en busca de información insertaron agujas bajo las uñas de un campesino discapacitado de 37 años , apuñalaron en la espalda a su sobrino de 13 años , le dispararon a un sacerdote y robaron comida , ropa y medicinas .
“ Sé que las Fuerzas Armadas no han estado actuando de manera inapropiada , aunque han habido algunos casos ” , declaró el secretario de Gobernación , Fernando Gómez Mont .
El diario señala que en Tijuana más de 20 policías que fueron detenidos , acusados de proteger a narcotraficantes , señalaron que confesaron luego de ser torturados por elementos militares , quienes supuestamente les pusieron bolsas de plástico en la cabeza hasta que perdían el conocimiento .
Además , según consta en documentos del juzgado , cartas y entrevistas , los soldados les dieron choques eléctricos en los pies mientras les sumergían la cabeza en piletas de agua .
Los policías locales estuvieron presos por más de un mes .
El documento señala que este tipo de acciones son más frecuentes en las zonas donde han aparecido policías y militares muertos .
En Michoacán , la Comisión Nacional de los Derechos Humanos ( CNDH ) concluyó que el Ejército había incurrido en abusos contra 65 personas durante tres días , incluyendo casos de tortura y abuso sexual de dos jovencitas , luego de que un ataque matara a cinco elementos del Ejército en mayo de 2007 .
Here 's what Facebook for iPhone 3.0 looks like — pretty nice .
Besides the new giant button home screen , you 'll be able to actually RSVP to events and create new photo albums .
No push yet , but here 's the full list :
1 . The " new " News Feed
2. Like
3. Events ( including the ability to RSVP )
4. Notes
5. Pages
6. Create new photo albums
7. Upload photos to any album
8. Zoom into photos
9 . Easier photo tagging
10 . Profile Pictures albums
11 . A new home screen for easy access to all your stuff , search , and notifications
12 . Add your favorite profiles and pages to the home screen
13 . Better Notifications ( they link to the comments so you can reply )
14 . Quickly call or text people right from the Friends page
15 . Messages you are typing will be restored if you quit or are interrupted by a phone call
Advertisement
I 'm sure Jesus will love being able to finally zoom in on photos .
It 's coming " soon , " but no exact date yet .
Later this summer , 3.1 will finally bring push notifications .
[ Facebook via Inside Facebook ]
Developers
Connect with fellow developers to problem - solve and brainstorm using the latest technologies .
When I was a girl , French onion soup was the end - all be -all of my culinary existence .
When I was in France , I would search high and low for the little restaurants that sold it .
I just had to have French French onion soup .
Though French onion soup was my favorite food , with its bubbling blanket of Gruyère draped like an oozing carpet over the sweet broth below , I was very finicky .
I only deigned to eat certain parts of the French onion soup .
I picked off that nutty cheese , and allowed it to cascade into my mouth in long , moonlight - colored cords , <!-- ( with my fingers at the table — maman was thrilled ) , --> delighting in any found bits of crisp , crackery burnt cheese .
But I carefully discarded the underlying bread , wringing it out with my spoon to salvage as much of the broth as possible .
With that out of the way , I would skim the top of the soup with my spoon , and slurp .
But nary an onion would cross the threshold of my lips .
When I got to the bottom of the crock bowl , I would press down on the onions , commanding them to relinquish their last grasp of any juice that remained .
Some onions sloshed out of the bowl entirely , and some remained , but none of them were eaten .
My grandmother looked at my lunch and started .
I had decapitated , dissected , and dismembered the soup .
Madame Defarge would have been proud .
Mémé had every right to be taken aback at such a horror .
To this day , that is still how I , the guillotine of French onion soups , eat my very favorite .
To my young eyes it was my witch 's brew , a relic from the land of my ( seemingly ancient ) maman .
It looked like a cauldron , bubbling away , and my young mind could never quite determine what went into the potion .
It had me locked in its spell .
I was an addict .
Now that I 'm old enough to make my own French onion soup , the obvious question arises :
What to do with all those onions I left drowned at the bottom of the pot ?
Waste not , want not .
For my inspiration I traveled not to Alsace , not to Normandy , not to Provence , but to the intersection of Stanton and Ludlow on the Lower East Side of New York City , to The Stanton Social .
The Stanton Social is a New York restaurant that is , for lack of a better word , bumping .
Their métier is tiny plates -- not tapas , because they are not Spanish .
In fact , the food comes from all over the world , a happy little comingling that puts the UN , only 30 blocks up the road , to shame .
Perhaps the secret to world peace is that everything is served to share in miniature .
Anyone who has been there ( and that is a lot of New Yorkers ) will tell you that the Stanton Social 's signature dish is the French onion soup dumplings , which I like to think crosses the flavors of Paris with the preparation of once - colonial Indochine .
I love them because they 're so absolutely crazy .
They taste just like French onion soup , but in a one - bite wonder .
For the truly French in a Flash preparation , my version of this genius reincarnation , I use the onions left over on the bottom of my soup pot , or I go to the Whole Foods near me , which always has French onion soup at the hot soup bar , and just scoop out as many of the onions as I can .
If you do that , this dish will take you five minutes to make and five minutes to cook .
If neither of those options is available to you , fear not .
I 've included a recipe for Counterfeit French Onion Soup Onions , which will work in a pinch .
All the flavors are there : the sweet , sweet , savory onions , the mellifluous stock , the nutty , aromatic , melting Gruyère .
Only that soggy bread is replaced with wonton wrappers .
Perfect !
Make this for a cocktail party and watch your friends turn as nutty as toasted Gruyère over them .
Just as if by a spell cast over a witch 's cauldron , they 'll vanish .
I guess there are some things in life that , happily , we never grow out of .
A Note on Some Ingredients
You can find wonton wrappers in almost any supermarket , usually refrigerated with the produce , near the cold tofu .
The trick is to never leave them out of their packaging or they 'll just dry out .
Take out one stack at a time , and leave the rest in a sealed baggie .
Gruyère is iconic with French onion soup , but if you can't find it , try Comté , Emmenthaler , or in a real pinch , just plain Swiss .
I like using a mix of red onions and yellow onions .
But just use three large of whatever you have on hand .
When using liquor , like Cognac , in the kitchen , decant the amount you need in a glass , and cork the bottle , setting it aside .
Only then should you pour your reserved Cognac into the hot pan .
The New York Civil Liberties Union today called on the NYPD to provide the public with basic details of its multi-million dollar plan to blanket Midtown with a computerized network of surveillance cameras and license plate readers – a massive expansion of the “ Ring of Steel ” surveillance system being developed in lower Manhattan .
“ The NYPD is collecting massive amounts of personal information about law - abiding New Yorkers , with no hint of how it plans to protect individuals ’ privacy , ” NYCLU Executive Director Donna Lieberman said .
“ This is an invitation to abuse . ”
The current system , called the Lower Manhattan Security Initiative , is establishing a network of thousands of surveillance cameras to monitor and track vehicles and pedestrians south of Canal Street .
The system allows the NYPD , and possibly the federal government , to create a computerized database on the movement and whereabouts of millions of law - abiding New Yorkers .
Mayor Bloomberg on Sunday announced plans to expand the surveillance network to Midtown between 30th and 60th streets from river to river .
He said $ 24 million in federal Homeland Security grants would help pay for the expansion .
Modeled after London ’s often - criticized “ Ring of Steel ” surveillance network , the system , including its Midtown extension , is expected to cost the public about $ 124 million .
But other than its price tag , little is known is known about the surveillance program .
“ The NYPD must not spend vast amounts of public money blanketing downtown and Midtown Manhattan in surveillance cameras without any public discussion of its plans and without clear privacy protections , ” Lieberman said .
“ Our elected lawmakers need to step in and subject this entire surveillance system to a thorough public review . ”
In October 2007 , the NYCLU filed formal requests under state and federal freedom of information laws with the NYPD and U.S. Department of Homeland Security seeking a range of documents concerning the surveillance system .
The NYCLU received only a smattering of documents in response .
In September 2008 , the NYCLU sued the NYPD in State Supreme Court for refusing to disclose the requested documents .
In June , it filed a federal lawsuit against DHS , seeking access to information on the surveillance system .
Both lawsuits are pending .
The NYCLU is seeking details about :
Ever since graphene was discovered in 2004 , this one - atom thick , super strong , carbon - based electrical conductor has been billed as a " wonder material " that some physicists think could one day replace silicon in computer chips .
But graphene , which consists of carbon atoms arranged in a honeycomb lattice , has a major drawback when it comes to applications in electronics - it conducts electricity almost too well , making it hard to create graphene - based transistors that are suitable for integrated circuits .
In August 's Physics World , Kostya Novoselov - a condensed - matter physicist from the Manchester University group that discovered graphene -- explains how their discovery of graphane , an insulating equivalent of graphene , may prove more versatile still .
Graphane has the same honeycomb structure as graphene , except that it is " spray - painted " with hydrogen atoms that attach themselves to the carbon .
The resulting bonds between the hydrogen and carbon atoms effectively tie down the electrons that make graphene so conducting .
Yet graphane retains the thinness , super - strength , flexibility and density of its older chemical cousin .
One advantage of graphane is that it could actually become easier to make the tiny strips of graphene needed for electronic circuits .
Such structures are currently made rather crudely by taking a sheet of the material and effectively burning away everything except the bit you need .
But now such strips could be made by simply coating the whole of a graphene sheet - except for the strip itself - with hydrogen .
The narrow bit left free of hydrogen is your conducting graphene strip , surrounded by a much bigger graphane area that electrons cannot go down .
As if this is not enough , the physicists in Manchester have found that by gradually binding hydrogen to graphene they are able to drive the process of transforming a conducting material into an insulating one and watch what happens in between .
Perhaps most importantly of all , the discovery of graphane opens the flood gates to further chemical modifications of graphene .
With metallic graphene at one end and insulating graphane at the other , can we fill in the divide between them with , say , graphene - based semiconductors or by , say , substituting hydrogen for fluorine ?
As Professor Novoselov writes , " Being able to control the resistivity , optical transmittance and a material 's work function would all be important for photonic devices like solar cells and liquid - crystal displays , for example , and altering mechanical properties and surface potential is at the heart of designing composite materials .
Chemical modification of graphene - with graphane as its first example - uncovers a whole new dimension of research .
The capabilities are practically endless . "
Source : Institute of Physics ( news : web )
New Zealand captain Vettori has signed his NZC contract New Zealand Cricket has persuaded its six Indian Premier League players to agree contracts with the board and forgo " significant sums of money " .
The move avoids a possible rift caused by a scheduling clash with Australia 's tour to its Oceania neighbour in March .
Daniel Vettori , Brendon McCullum , Kyle Mills , Jacob Oram , Jesse Ryder and Ross Taylor had all been granted extra time to confirm their deals .
NZC chief executive Justin Vaughan said : " This is an admirable decision . "
Vaughan added : " Each of these individuals should be applauded for it .
By signing their contracts , they are sacrificing significant sums of money .
" Their decision helps to reinforce international cricket as the pinnacle of our sport , and clearly shows that representing New Zealand remains the biggest motivating factor for our leading players . "
Meanwhile , Sean Morris , the chief executive of the Professional Cricketers ' Association in England , believes the age of the mercenary cricketer could be around the corner .
" I can see the day of the freelance cricketer with players turning down England contracts , " Morris told the Daily Telegraph .
" That 's the way the market will go and it 's very dangerous .
606 : DEBATE " Andrew Flintoff has already made the choice to concentrate on one - day cricket and others will make similar decisions earlier and earlier in their careers .
That does not bode well for the ECB , the PCA or anybody .
We all want the best players to appear in Test cricket . "
Calls by Morris and others for the IPL to be granted a window in the international are schedule are growing - but they are not being heeded .
" I 've seen the ICC 's Future Tours Programme from 2012 - 2020 , " Morris said .
" It 's unbelievable .
The players wo n't be able to do it .
England will need two squads picked on a rotation basis .
Fast bowlers in particular are going to be broken .
Players will be drained mentally as well as physically .
" Everyone wants to see the best cricketers play because of TV and sponsorship , but it 's not going to happen , something has to give .
I believe the answer is less cricket and with proper windows created for events such as the IPL .
This will allow the players to earn the money without cutting across their England commitments . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
VERBIER , Switzerland  Alberto Contador , the man who came into the Tour de France as Lance Armstrong ’s biggest competition , could not sleep the night before the Tour headed into the Alps on Sunday .
Instead , he tossed .
He turned .
He thought about how he would measure up to the strength of other cyclists in Stage 15 , a mountain stage earmarked by riders as a potentially decisive moment of this race .
As it turned out , though , Contador ’s restlessness was needless .
In a stage that may have revealed the rider who will win this Tour , no one came close to Contador on Sunday .
He won the leader ’s yellow jersey and may wear it all the way to Paris , where the race ends July 26 .
In the final three and a half miles of the 129 - mile ( 207.5 - kilometer ) stage , Contador  who is known as the world ’s best climber  made his move on the steepest ascent of the day .
Japan 's robotics venture Cyberdyne employee wearing the robot - suit " HAL " ( Hybrid Assistive Limb ) walk on a street in Tokyo .
The three Japanese cyborg look - alikes turned heads on busy Tokyo streets and subway trains Monday as they made their way to a robotics conference on a hot summer 's day -- without breaking a sweat .
Three Japanese cyborg look - alikes turned heads on busy Tokyo streets and subway trains Monday as they made their way to a robotics conference on a hot summer 's day -- without breaking a sweat .
Two men and a woman , wearing what looked like white plastic exoskeletons over black outfits , were testing -- at a pace of 1.8 kilometres ( 1.1 miles ) an hour -- robotic suits designed to give mobility to the injured and disabled .
" What on earth is it ? " asked Hisako Ueda , 43 , digital camera in hand , as she and her 10 - year - old daughter Ayaka gazed at the trio striding through Akihabara district , a high - tech geeks ' paradise also called Electric Town .
Undeterred by the onlookers ' stares , the three completed their mechanically assisted trek by train , taxi and on foot from the suburb of Tsukuba , 50 kilometres ( 30 miles ) north of central Tokyo , to the robo-meeting .
One of the three robotics company employees , 32 - year - old Takatoshi Hisano , said the futuristic 11 - kilogramme ( 24 - pound ) outfit -- which can detect and preempt its user 's movements -- made the two - hour commute that much easier .
" I 'm not tired at all , " he said with a smile when they arrived at the building where the robotics industry meeting was about to start in a fourth - floor room .
" Let 's take the stairs instead of the lift . "
The high - tech suits were developed by Yoshiyuki Sankai , a professor at Tsukuba University , whose company is already leasing them to several hospitals and nursing homes and has just received an order from Denmark .
At the meeting , the three were greeted by assorted robots -- including Toyota 's personal transport assistance robot " Winglet " and Fuji Heavy Industries ' automatic floor cleaning machine -- alongside plenty of humans with high hopes of turning the sector into the new face of Japan Inc .
Japan has launched a five - year project of putting so - called people - assisting robots into widespread practical use , the government - backed New Energy and Industrial Technology Organisation ( NEDO ) said in a statement .
" We believe that the robotics industry in this people - assisting field will expand one hundredfold , " said NEDO senior official Katsuya Okano .
" But for this goal , what 's lacking is a safety standard , which we aim to set up . "
A government survey in Japan , now a fast ageing society , estimates that the global market for such robots , including nurses and domestic maids , will expand to 6.2 trillion yen ( 65 billion dollars ) by 2025 .
This story was updated to correct details of the bug .
It allows attackers to reset passwords , but not take over accounts .
Developers of the widely used WordPress blogging software have released an update that fixes a vulnerability that let attackers reset the administrator password .
The bug in version 2.8.3 is trivial to exploit remotely using nothing more than a web browser and a specially manipulated link .
Using the special URL , the old password is removed and a new one generated in its place with no confirmation required , according to this alert published on the Full - Disclosure mailing list .
The flaw lurks in some of the PHP code that fails to properly scrutinize user input when the password reset feature is invoked .
Exploiting it is as easy is directing a web browser to a link that looks something like :
http://domain_name.tld/wp-login.php?action=rp&key [ ] =
According to WordPress documentation here , the bug has been fixed by changing a single line of code so the program checks to make sure the input supplied for the new password is n't an array .
If it is , the user gets an error message and must try again .
After this article was first published , version 2.8.4 was released .
That would appear to be the end of it , but security researchers Rafal Los and Mike Bailey wonder aloud here whether it would have made more sense to check instead whether the input is a string .
" Hasty coding ? " he asks .
" Why take the blacklist vs. whitelist approach ? "
After this article was first published , WordPress documentation showed the suggestion from Los and Bailey was being formally adopted .
The bigger point he and other observers seem to make is that PHP is the coding equivalent of an everyman 's jet pack .
It allows him to quickly soar into the sky with a minimal amount of training but does n't necessarily provide the means to check for buildings , planes or other hazards that may greet the user once he gets there .
Of course , all languages are only as good as the person using them .
But it 's worth posing such questions to anything that 's standing between your website and the people out to get it .
Additional details and analysis from Sans and Heise here and here . ®
An oil painting from 1881 by John Maler Collier depicts Henry Hudson , his son and a crew member after he was presumably set adrift in a small boat after a mutiny on his last voyage .
It has been 400 years since English explorer Henry Hudson mapped the northeast coast of North America , leaving a wake of rivers and towns named in his honor , yet what happened to the famed explorer remains a mystery .
Hudson was never heard from again after a mutiny by his crew during a later voyage through northern Canada .
That he died in the area in 1611 is a certainty , and he may have even been killed in cold blood , according to new research .
The anger among Hudson 's crew over his decision to continue exploring after the harsh winter could have easily fueled a murderous mutiny , suggests Peter Mancall , a professor of history at the University of Southern California .
" The full story of Hudson 's saga reveals one of the darker chapters of the European age of discovery , " said Mancall , who explores the 1610 voyage in his new book " Fatal Journey : The Final Expedition of Henry Hudson " ( Basic Books ; 2009 ) .
Hudson claims Manhattan
Before the fatal voyage that took his life , Henry Hudson found great success as a navigator the way many men did during the Age of Exploration – by accident .
Hired by the Dutch East India Company to find a new passage to spice - rich Asia by way of the Arctic Ocean , Hudson was ultimately forced by impassable ice to seek another route south .
Sailing into what would eventually be named the Hudson River in 1609 , he did not find the Northwest Passage he was looking for , but did manage to stake the first loose claim to the territory – including the island of Manhattan – on behalf of The Netherlands .
The value of the land he 'd claimed for a foreign power was n't lost on the rulers of his home country .
Upon his return , England 's royal council forbid Hudson from ever sailing under another flag , and he was sent back to the New World in 1610 aboard the English ship Discovery .
Hudson 's objective was , once again , to find a northern passage to the Orient , but he would never return from that trip .
The Discovery docked back in London in 1611 without having reached Asia , without the captain aboard and with just eight crew , all of whom were now subject to death by hanging for the murder .
Set adrift Some facts about the 1610 - 1611 voyage of the Discovery are certain .
Discovery plied the Canadian bay that also took Hudson 's name in the summer of 1610 , the captain believing that he 'd possibly found the elusive northern passage to the Pacific .
The ship was forced to ground itself for the winter , however , with Hudson ordering a return to the route the next spring , despite his crew 's wish to return to England .
When the ship took to the water again for its return trip in June , 1611 , Hudson was not aboard .
On trial for Hudson 's murder later that year , the remaining crew admitted to cutting the captain and a group of individuals still loyal to him loose on a small lifeboat , according to court documents .
None of the men was convicted of the murder or even punished for the mutiny , and historians generally believe their claims , too .
But some physical evidence points to a more violent end for the captain , Mancall believes .
Mancall highlighted evidence that was found and documented after the ship docked in London : blood stains , most damningly , along with letters from another sailor mentioning the growing personal rift between captain and crew .
A number of Hudson 's possessions were also missing .
Brought down by determination
Since Hudson 's body was never found , however , it will never be known for sure whether the captain was murdered or given a more subtle death sentence , set adrift in the harsh environment of northern Canada .
It was Hudson 's steely nature to press on and meet his objective that led to his demise , whatever that may have been , historians agree .
" Hudson was one of the most intrepid and important explorers of his age , " said Mancall .
" He was not a man who easily gave up . "
Heather Whipps is a freelance writer with an anthropology degree from McGill University in Montreal , Canada .
Story here .
Excerpt :
' A clause of the recently approved Domestic Violence Bill 2009 that allows punishment of six months or a fine of Rs50,000 to those who file false complaints came under severe criticism at a national consultation here on Thursday .
...
Demanding complete repeal of this new addition by the government , civil society activists expressed the fear that the clause would transform the bill , formulated to provide relief to women , into another Hadood ordinance .
“ This would mean that practically no aggrieved party , victim or complainant will ever file a case in fear of reactionary punishment to them , ” said Maleeha Zia of Aurat Foundation .
She was speaking at the ‘ National Consultation on Domestic Violence Bill 2009 ’ organised by Aurat Foundation .
Aimed at lobbying with senators to raise their voices against the gaps in the final draft , the event was attended by civil society activists and female senators , who agreed with most of the points raised by the participants .
Prominent among them were Yasmeen Rehman , Saeeda Iqbal , Farah Aqil , Nilofer Bakhtiar and Shiralla Mallick . '
I spent this past winter training in Chicago with the Tour in mind .
Despite the bitter cold , my labor paid off at Paris - Nice and Pays - Basque .
I was ready for the Giro d’Italia , but that is where everything came to a screeching halt .
Image Christian Vande Velde. Credit ... Graham Watson
A crash during Stage 3 , on May 11 , left me with seven broken bones ( five vertebrae , a rib and a hairline fracture to my pelvis ) .
Even more so , it left me with doubt and fear for my future .
I will never forget lying in the ambulance on the way to the hospital , staring at the ceiling  which was painted to look like the sky  and trying to assess my injuries .
I was struggling to figure out what my future would hold and what kind of job I could get if I could n’t ride a bike anymore .
It was terrifying .
Fast forward from the back of the ambulance to getting cabin fever while recovering at home in Girona , Spain .
I spent a lot of time driving my family nuts while questioning myself , trying to answer the news media ’s questions that I did n’t know the answers to , and watching my peers race on the roads of Italy .
The same roads I should have been on with them .
Then came my first days back on the bike 
I had to be picked up and dropped off because I could n’t even ride up and down the driveway of my own house .
It was a humbling experience for a professional cyclist , to say the least .
Those first days were excruciating  mentally and physically  but my family and the team were incredibly supportive .
Each day , I felt a little better .
Finally , I was ready to try my first race  the Tour de Suisse .
There , I found myself on the ground again in another crash , this time in a high - speed tunnel .
I got back on and finished that race , which led me here , to Monaco .
On Saturday , I crossed myself at the start line of the Tour de France , a race that a few weeks ago , I did n’t even know that I would be able to do .
It went well .
I did n’t know how my body would react and I was scared to push myself on the uphills and the downhills for fear of overextending myself or crashing .
But I overcame those fears , and I had a thousand times more confidence going to sleep Saturday night than I did when I woke up Saturday .
I can look forward to the next days and weeks with more belief in myself .
EXCLUSIVE :
Outspoken Republican Rep. Michele Bachmann says she ’s so worried that information from next year ’s national census will be abused that she will refuse to fill out anything more than the number of people in her household .
In an interview Wednesday morning with The Washington Times “ America ’s Morning News , ” Mrs. Bachmann , Minnesota Republican , said the questions have become “ very intricate , very personal ” and she also fears ACORN , the community organizing group that came under fire for its voter registration efforts last year , will be part of the Census Bureau ’s door - to - door information collection efforts .
“ I know for my family the only question we will be answering is how many people are in our home , ” she said .
“ We wo n’t be answering any information beyond that , because the Constitution does n’t require any information beyond that . ”
Shelly Lowe , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Census Bureau , said Mrs. Bachmann is “ misreading ” the law .
She sent a portion of the U.S. legal code that says anyone over 18 years of age who refuses to answer “ any of the questions ” on the census can be fined up to $ 5,000 .
The Constitution requires a census be taken every 10 years .
Questions range from number of persons in the household and racial information to employment status and whether anyone receives social services such as food stamps .
Mrs. Bachmann said she ’s worried about the involvement of ACORN , the Association of Community Organizers for Reform Now , in next year ’s census .
TWT RELATED STORIES :
• Lawmakers attack Fed ’s expanded role
• Democrats urged to play up ‘ clean ’ energy
• Partisan splits show in health care debate
• Sen . Boxer to officer : Do n’t call me ma’am
“ They will be in charge of going door to door and collecting data from the American public , ” she said .
“ This is very concerning . ”
ACORN has applied to help recruit workers to help conduct the census .
Republican lawmakers and some public interest groups have expressed concern over their involvement .
ACORN staffers have ben indicted in several states on charges of voter registration fraud stemming from the organization ’s efforts to register voters last year .
Mrs. Bachmann , who is in her second term in the House , has become a lightning rod for criticism from Democrats and liberal talk show hosts for her unapologetic conservative views .
She said she considers that “ a badge of honor . ”
“ It ’s clear when a person speaks out against those policies they become a target , and that should be concerning to everyone , ” she said .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Even in China ’s richest city , huge numbers of people eke out a very modest existence .
To be sure , these are very often migrants from provinces like Anhui or Jiangsu , or even further afield .
But more than most Chinese would suspect — particularly the proud , newly affluent generations of Shanghai people who look at my photographs and sniff “ wai di ren , ” or “ outsiders ” — a great many of the denizens of the city ’s dilapidated but character - rich old quarters are natives .
Much has been written lately about growing social inequality in China .
The country ’s social divisions , however , are much more complicated than statistics suggest , involving lots of fine - grained , identity - based prejudices .
I think , for example , of the poor and jobless Shanghainese parents in the old garment district who told me of their eagerness to be relocated across the river to Pudong , where the environment would be better , in part they said , because there would be fewer of the “ wai di ” people , whom they dismissed as having “ no culture . ”
Image A migrant doing macrame as her children play .
Credit ... Howard W. French
Others pessimistically dismissed the likelihood that China ’s increasing prosperity would continue to lift all boats .
“ I ’m frightened for my son ’s future , ” said a migrant from Henan .
“ China ’s biggest problem is the population .
There are just too many of us , and the competition for opportunity is murderous . ”
Inevitably , the theme of relocation comes up often in encounters like these , given the frantic pace of redevelopment .
Some people are pleased with the take - it - or - leave - it buyout arrangements the government has offered to pave the way for the construction of high - rises ; others respond with fatalism .
“ If the country needs this land , what can I do ? ” said one elderly man .
A great many people spoke bitterly and with surprising candor , though , about what they see as a crisis of social justice .
Here , I think of the 75 - year - old owner of a tiny barbershop whose neighborhood came down before my eyes this summer .
One may think that making captured continuations persistent is trivial : after all , OCaml already supports marshaling of values including closures .
If one actually tries to marshal a captured delimited continuation , one quickly discovers that the naive marshaling fails with the error on attempting to serialize an abstract data type .
One may even discover that the troublesome abstract data type is _chan .
The captured delimited continuation ( a piece of stack along with administrative data ) refers to heap data structures created by delimcc and other OCaml libraries ; some of these data structures are closures , which contain module 's environment and may refer to standard OCaml functions like prerr .
That function is a closure over the channel stderr , which is non-serializable .
This points out the first problem : if we serialize all the data reachable from the captured continuation , we may end up marshaling a large part of the heap and the global environment .
This is not only inefficient but also lethal , as we are liable to encounter channels and other non-serializable data structures .
There is a more serious problem however .
If we serialize all data reachable from the captured delimited continuation , we also serialize two pieces of global state used by the delimcc library itself .
When the stored continuation is deserialized , a fresh copy of these global data is created , referenced from within the restored continuation .
Thus the whole program will have two copies of delimcc global data : one for use in the main program and one for use by the deserialized continuation .
Although such an isolation may be desirable in many cases , it is precisely wrong in our case : the captured and the host continuations do not have the common view of the system and cannot work together .
It may be instructive to contemplate process checkpointing offered by some operating systems ( see also `undump ' typically used by Emacs and TeX ) .
When checkpointing a process , we wish to save the continuation of the process only ( rather than the continuation of the scheduler that created the process , and the rest of the OS continuation ) .
We also wish to save data associated with the process , for example , the process control block and the description of allocated memory and other resources .
Control blocks of all processes are typically linked in ; when saving the control block of one process , we definitely do not wish to save everything that is reachable from it .
When saving the state of a process in a checkpoint , we do not usually save the state of the file system -- or even of all files used by the process .
First of all , that is impractical .
Mainly , it is sometimes wrong .
For example , a process might write to a log file , e.g. , syslog .
We specifically do not wish to save the contents of the syslog along with the process image .
We want the restored process append to the system log rather than replace it !
Of course resuming a suspended process after modifying its input files may also be wrong .
It is a hard question of what should be saved by value and what should be saved by reference only .
It is clear however that both mechanisms are needed .
The serialization code of the delimcc library does offer both mechanisms .
The inspiration comes from the fact that OCaml 's own marshaling function , when handling closures , serializes OCaml code by reference .
The delimcc library extends this approach to data .
The library supports the registration of data ( which currently must be closures in the old heap ) in a global array .
When serializing a continuation , the library traverses it and replaces all references to registered closures with indices in the global array ; we then invoke OCaml 's own serialization routine to marshal the result .
After that , we undo the replacement of closures with indices .
Such value mangling is not without precedent : to detect sharing , OCaml 's own marshaling routine too mangles the input value .
The use of the global array is akin to the implementation of cross-staged persistence in MetaOCaml .
There are plenty of smartphones , but only two celebrities .
Like other big celebs , they go by one name : Blackberry and iPhone .
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
Oh sure , there ’s the HTC powered by Google ’s Android mobile OS .
Palm is back in the game with the Pre.
Nokia is a force to be reckoned with in most of the world .
But , with the enterprise business pretty much sewn up by Research in Motion and consumers snapping up Apple handsets like there is no tomorrow , there is really only one question :
What are you — iPhone or Blackberry ?
It makes for a great geek debate .
For comparison , I considered the higher end Blackberry phones ( Bold , Curve , Storm ) versus the iPhone 3G .
( It would n’t be advantageous to compare an iPhone 3G to Blackberry Pearl , when the Pearl is less than $ 50 .
Anyone on a budget would be inclined toward the Pearl ; at least I know I would . )
Mostly it ’s just an overall comparison , iPhone to Blackberry .
mano a mano .
I ’ve broken it down into several categories and will assign a point to the phone that wins each category to keep it fair .
Applications
Recently , a co-worker wrote an application for his Blackberry that would automatically ignore calls to his phone from a particular mail - order steak company .
The application allowed him to command his phone to ignore any number he specified .
The call still rang through , but was ignored immediately .
I found this to be the most helpful application I ’ve ever seen .
That said , I ’ve not been impressed by the application selection the Blackberry offers .
While there are some free applications , most are second rate at best and the selection of pay applications is n’t nearly as robust as it should be .
The Blackberry App Store is like a pawn shop that only sells used 8 - track players .
Application development on the iPhone has been one of the highlights of the device since its inception .
Developers are encouraged to design and sell their own applications , and there are thousands of applications available in the iPhone App Store .
Even though there are several hundred useless applications , there are hundreds more to make life easier in the palm of your hand .
Like the Remote application that turns your iPhone into a stereo remote so you do n’t have to leave the comfy confines of your easy chair .
My personal current favorite is Urbanspoon .
With a shake of the iPhone , it randomly selects the nearest restaurants so you do n’t have to suffer through the predictable lunchtime negotiations about where to eat .
I have to mention this comment from @tmoney941 :
Do you really need an application to help you decide where to eat , how much to tip , where you parked , and what to wear ?
I ’ve got one of those … they ’re called wives .
That ’s pretty much my sentiment when it comes to most iPhone applications .
That aside , due to the overwhelming availability of applications and the encouragement by Apple to design your own , iPhone takes this category by a wide margin .
i Phone +1 .
Physical Attributes
Early on , the iPhone had a bad reputation for being fragile because of the touchscreen face and slick feel .
When dropped on the cement too many times , any phone would eventually break , but the iPhone proved that it actually is quite durable .
As long as you do n’t drop it on its face .
Without anything protecting the glass , you are looking at a shattered iPhone .
However , there are products on the market to help protect your iPhone , from rubber sleeves to hard plastic cases ( though the plastic cases do add to the bulk factor ) .
The real question is , will it blend ?
Hell yes it ’ll blend .
The touchscreen and motion sensibility on the iPhone is unmatched by any other touchscreen devices .
Bump to exchange contact information , play games by tilting the phone , zoom in with a finger slide motion .
It ’s simply amazing technology and even the touchscreen Blackberry Storm does n’t come close .
But you still would n’t want to drop an iPhone more than once .
Since I drop my cellphones a lot , I strolled over to talk to my IT friends about the durability of the Blackberry .
They are about split even on which phone they carry .
There are either Blackberry phones or iPhones in IT .
I ’ve never seen an Android or a Palm Pre in the building .
They are not split on the durability however .
Several of them have had to replace their iPhones due to cracked screens .
Many of them have dropped their Blackberry over and over with little more than some scratches on the casing .
The worst I ’ve heard about the damage to a Blackberry is the scratching it gets on the back if you spin it around on the table too many times .
Which is just too much fun not to do .
Even if it gets run over by a truck the Blackberry still holds its form , avoids cracks and does n’t lose a key .
The Blackberry , built for business and travel , is a durable and strong phone .
Blackberry takes this category .
Blackberry + 1
Gaming
The iPhone makes full use of the motion sensor and touchscreen to bring us dynamic games from flight simulators to action games to simple board games .
Playing games on the iPhone is a fantastic and handy experience , especially multiplayer games .
Plus , as mentioned before , you can design your own games if you have the know - how .
Blackberry has Brickbreaker .
No contest .
i Phone + 1
Personal vs. Business Functionality
Companies run Blackberry server products .
From the connectivity to Microsoft Exchange server and the ease of mobile e-mail , the Blackberry is far superior to the iPhone .
Blackberry was created with business use in mind .
While it may have a slower CPU , the Blackberry makes up for it with its office applications .
There is a reason it ’s nicknamed “ the Crackberry . ”
Have you ever seen a sales guy not fiddling with or talking on his Blackberry phone ?
Also , when it comes to security on the Blackberry , well , let ’s just say it ’s secure enough for President Obama to use .
Official statement from Blackberry as to the security :
The BlackBerry ® Enterprise Solution has been approved for storing and transmitting sensitive data by the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) as well as government organizations in the United States , Canada , the United Kingdom , Austria , Australia and New Zealand .
The iPhone has more storage , a faster CPU and more RAM .
All great attributes for playing games .
As I ’ve witnessed at work , the iPhone is the anti-productivity phone .
Do n’t pretend like you are holier than thou and do n’t spend countless work hours downloading apps and playing the new Iron Man game or any of the thousand other games .
Recently , the iPhone became compatible with Exchange Server , which was a huge step toward integrating with business .
The iPhone has made great strides in favor of business use .
Many businesses are making the switch and many handy applications are specific to certain industries , such as medical apps for drug reference or symptom tracking that are gaining popularity with those in the medical field .
However , there are still security concerns with the phone , though those are being addressed .
It also does n’t help the iPhone for business that it ’s only available on AT&T in the United States .
Companies like to price shop and AT&T ’s service is n’t that great in all areas .
When I get a phone , I do n’t want to wait for the patch that will make it secure : I want it to come secure .
That hurts the iPhone for business use at its current stage .
Apple is making strides in the security department , as all new iPhones come equipped with MobileMe , which allows you to find your lost iPhone as well as remotely wipe its memory clean .
As for personal usage , the Blackberry is a sturdy and reliable phone .
But due to the wide range of applications and amazing graphical interface and selection of games , the iPhone wins the personal use battle by a wide margin .
So this category is a draw .
Blackberry wins for business use and security , iPhone wins for personal use .
Blackberry + 1 , iPhone + 1
The Chuck Norris factor
Really , it all comes down to Chuck Norris , because if he does n’t like it , he ’ll roundhouse kick it out of existence .
The Blackberry sports a great game simply called Chuck Norris : Bring on the Pain .
Meanwhile , the Apple store rejected a Chuck Norris app , a Chuck Norris joke generator , because they claimed it ridiculed a public figure .
Do n’t they know that it ’s impossible to ridicule Chuck Norris ?
More importantly , shunning Chuck Norris in whatever format is like challenging Superman to a duel by slapping him with Kyrptonite gloves .
Or , it ’s like slapping Chuck Norris in the face with your ungloved hand .
This round clearly goes to the Blackberry as it ’s probably what Chuck Norris is using .
Blackberry + 1
The Winner
Final tally : iPhone +3 , Blackberry + 3 .
Listen , I carry a Blackberry .
I ’m not going for hip or trendy , I ’m going for functionality .
I want to be able to check my e-mail at stoplights .
I want to be able to picture message without jumping through hoops .
When it comes to functioning in the business world and having a practical phone , the Blackberry wins hands down .
The iPhone is a fun phone and has a lot of cool features and applications .
I really wanted an iPhone , but realized that it was a want .
It ’s a neat toy , but I ca n’t see it moving into the business world and becoming what the Blackberry is to business — yet .
The best solution I ’ve seen so far : Many Blackberry owners I know also have an iPod Touch for all their entertainment and portable gaming needs .
So it ’s a best of both worlds if you will .
I ’m sure that waffling answer wo n’t satisfy the masses .
The bottom line is , we ’re geeks .
Geeks like awesome tech toys and the iPhone is certainly that .
From its gaming to its thousands of unique and specific applications , it ’s a device that every geek wants to carry even if they already have a Blackberry .
So the iPhone gets a + 1 for geek factor and wins this debate .
Disagree ?
Agree ?
Feel free to discuss in the comments .
Do n’t forget to vote !
I am a great fan of essential oils and herbs for everyday health and well - being .
Why Is Everyone Talking About Rosehip Oil ?
Rosehip oil is a proven reducer of crow 's feet , wrinkles , and scars .
The essential oil is extracted from the seeds and seed casings of a rose bush ( Rosa canina or Rosa majalis ) , and rose hips are the fruit of the rose plant .
The oil from the plant contains retinol ( vitamin A ) , vitamin C , and essential fatty acids .
These combined nutrients make it a great skincare product because it is packed full of natural antioxidants .
Rosehip oil is not the same as attar of roses or rose oil .
Attar of roses is produced from rose petals , and rosehip oil is produced from the hips which form after a rose blooms .
The Rosa canina species has fine hairs on the outside which can cause irritation , so these should be removed before use .
The linoleic acids in rosehip oil have been shown to reduce fine lines and wrinkles .
Sarah Gray
Rosehip Oil Reverses the Signs of Aging
Why does rosehip oil work so well ?
The plant contains about 1700 – 2000 milligrams of vitamin C per 100 grams of oil .
The plant also contains natural tretinoin ( the acidic form of vitamin A ) .
Tretinoin is the active ingredient in many prescribed wrinkle reducers .
The two vitamins work to halt and reverse typical signs of aging such as wrinkles , crow 's feet , and sagging skin by accelerating the skin 's cellular activity and hastening skin renewal and cell regeneration .
The face becomes firmer and smoother , and the signs of aging diminish with its use .
Rosehip oil can help repair damaged hair .
Old Youth
The Oil Is Beneficial for Skin and Hair
The oil can also be used in body creams , lotions , and massage oils :
Skin care : Applying the oil twice a day can help your skin return to a more youthful appearance .
Expect to see results in about three months .
Applying the oil twice a day can help your skin return to a more youthful appearance .
Expect to see results in about three months .
Scars :
The oil improves the appearance of scars including those from acne or radiation therapy and may help to fade age spots and reduce uneven pigmentation .
The oil improves the appearance of scars including those from acne or radiation therapy and may help to fade age spots and reduce uneven pigmentation .
Sunburns :
Too much sun ?
Try applying a few drops of the oil to the sunburn for a soothing remedy .
The powerful antioxidant properties of the oil are one reason why it is so useful for skincare .
Too much sun ?
Try applying a few drops of the oil to the sunburn for a soothing remedy .
The powerful antioxidant properties of the oil are one reason why it is so useful for skincare .
Hair care :
The oil adds shine and body to colored hair , permed hair , or hair that has been damaged by too much sun or cold weather .
How to Store Rosehip Oil
Unlike most essential oils and aromatherapy oils that can be purchased in stores , rosehip oil should be kept refrigerated because of its delicate nature .
The plant oil is more susceptible to spoiling than most vegetable oils , especially in regards to fluctuations in temperature , oxygen saturation in the air , and light .
Rosehip tea offers vitamins C , A , B1 , B2 , B3 , K. Carli Jeen
Rose Hip Tea Benefits and Recipe
This versatile plant makes a tangy , tart tea and has a lovely pink color .
By drinking this tea , you will be adding vitamins C , A , B1 , B2 , B3 , K and a wide variety of flavonoids and polyphenols into your diet .
How to make rose hip tea :
Dry and finely grind the entire rose hip ( pulp , seeds , and all ) .
Add two teaspoons of the crushed rose hips to hot water .
You may also buy ready - made rose hip herbal tea bags .
Sweeten it with honey or sugar , and drink it several times per day .
Rosehip Oil in Aromatherapy
Strictly speaking , rosehip oil is not an essential oil , but is usually referred to as an essential oil because of the benefits and properties it offers .
It is often used in aromatherapy products , especially for aromatherapy skin care and massage .
This is because of the wonderful benefits it offers for skin texture and elasticity , as well as its scent .
Unlike many essential oils , it can be used undiluted for maximum benefits .
As with other oils , I think it is worth buying organic rosehip oil .
Thinking of Growing Your Own Roses ?
Roses are propagated from hips by removing the seeds from the outer coating and sowing just beneath the soil ’s surface .
Plant the seeds in a cold frame , a greenhouse , or under glass indoors .
It takes at least three months until they germinate .
Only about half germinate at all , so sow more seeds than you want plants .
A " Climbing Souvenir de la Malmaison " rose flower .
Other Uses for Rose Hips and Rosehip Oil
Use Facts Food Products
Used in food products such as herbal tea , jam , jelly , syrup , pies , puddings , bread , and marmalade .
Guinea Pig and Chinchilla Nutrition
A healthy treat for pet chinchillas and guinea pigs .
These animals need vitamin C , but lack the digestive system to process many vitamin C - rich foods .
Rose hips are a safe way to increase their vitamin C intake .
Horse Nutrition
Often added to horse feed .
A tablespoon per day of the powdered form can be added to regular food to improve coat condition and encourage new hoof growth .
Anti-Itch Powder
The tiny hairs found inside rose hips are used in itching powder .
Crafts and Potpourri
Add a few drops of rosehip oil to a bowl of potpourri for a lovely pick - me - up and to refresh older mixtures .
Drawing of Rosa Majalis from an 1885 German botany book .
Traditional Uses of the Plant
Nostradamus purportedly used rose hips with other ingredients to make rose pills which he prescribed to patients suffering from the plague .
He claimed remarkable success with the pills .
Rose hips were used in many types of food preparations by native Americans .
During the Second World War , citrus fruits were very difficult to find during wartime owing to the attacks on shipping by the Germans .
The people of England gathered wild rose hips and made a vitamin C syrup for general consumption .
Rose hip syrup is still quite popular in England today — my grandmother was particularly keen on giving it regularly to toddlers and small children .
A traditional Hungarian alcoholic beverage called " palinka " contains rose hips .
Other Uses for Rosehips and Rose Hip Oil
Jam :
Used in food products such as herbal tea , jam , jelly , syrup , pies , puddings , bread , and marmalade .
: Used in food products such as herbal tea , jam , jelly , syrup , pies , puddings , bread , and marmalade .
Got a guinea pig ?
Rose hips are a healthy treat for pet chinchillas and guinea pigs .
These animals need vitamin C , but lack the digestive system to process many vitamin - C rich foods .
Rose hips are a safe way to increase their vitamin C intake .
From the horse ’s mouth : Rosehips are also often added to horse feed .
A tablespoon per day of the powdered form can be added to regular food to improve coat condition and encourage new hoof growth .
Scratch and sniff :
The tiny hairs found inside rose hips are used in itching powder !
Dried rosehips are also sold for crafts and potpourri .
Add a few drops of rosehip oil to a bowl of potpourri for a lovely pick - me - up , and to refresh older mixtures .
Tips for Growing Your Own Roses
Thinking of growing your own roses ?
Roses are propagated from hips by removing the seeds from the outer coating and sowing just beneath the soil ’s surface .
Plant the seeds in a cold frame or greenhouse , or under glass indoors .
It takes at least three months until they germinate .
Only about half germinate at all , so sow more seeds than you want plants .
Wild rosehips growing in late summer .
Photo is in the public domain .
This content is accurate and true to the best of the author ’s knowledge and does not substitute for diagnosis , prognosis , treatment , prescription , and / or dietary advice from a licensed health professional .
Drugs , supplements , and natural remedies may have dangerous side effects .
If pregnant or nursing , consult with a qualified provider on an individual basis .
Seek immediate help if you are experiencing a medical emergency .
rosehip on November 26 , 2010 :
When I was a child my grandfather have lots of this at their home I always wonder what he used it for until a few months back I found out the benefits roship gives us , very nice hub very informative great job
isabelle ichikawa on September 27 , 2010 :
I have a question concerning the containance of tretinoin and vitamins in the rosehip oil , when the essential oil is cold pressed does it damaged the vitamins it contains ?
is the absolute rosehip more efficient ?
I do n't know if you can answer but if you can ' t do you know where I can get some informations ?
Thank you !
Rob on August 01 , 2009 :
I bought a case .
24 , one Lb bags .
I soak two cups and it becomes a thick paste syrup then blend it all into fruit shakes .
Plants and Oils ( author ) from England on July 21 , 2009 :
Brian - I did too , for my Granny !
JG , I would n't swear that they actually worked , he claimed they did .
Caveat emptor , I think .
Joanna McKenna from Central Oklahoma on July 19 , 2009 :
Rose hip pills for the plague ?
Must 've been the concentration of vitamins jump - starting a victim 's immune system .
Brian Stephens from Castelnaudary , France on July 19 , 2009 :
We use to collect rosehips as kids for my mother , now I remember a little more about why she wanted them .
Plants and Oils ( author ) from England on July 18 , 2009 :
Thanks , I 'm glad you enjoyed it .
Bob Ewing from New Brunswick on July 18 , 2009 :
I have collected rosehips for tea , good information , thanks .
There 's an arms race brewing between Activision 's Guitar Hero series and MTV's Rock Band brand .
These week , Guitar Hero 5 adds another armament to their stockpile of dead rock stars .
Kurt Cobain , former guitarist and singer from the grunge band Nirvana , will appear in Guitar Hero 5 as a playable character .
With the singer comes two Nirvana songs – a previously unreleased live version of " Lithium " and the anthem " Smells Like Teen Spirit . "
According to Activision , this is the first time the latter tune has been licensed for an entertainment property .
Cobain joins departed country legend Johnny Cash , who will return from the afterlife to play " Ring of Fire " in Guitar Hero 5 .
Activision 's actions are in direct response to moves by rival MTV , who have been long known to have the technology , permission and willingness to leverage the likenesses of deceased Beatles George Harrison and John Lennon in their forthcoming game The Beatles : Rock Band .
Despite this recent escalation , neither firm has threatened to take the nuclear option : Neither has made public plans to put Michael Jackson in one of their music games .
Image courtesy Activision
See Also :
For the aide of stalkers ( please stalk me ) ... mIRC scripts ( Tat 's Trivia Bot , etc. ) Youtube Channel
You can email if you 're smart enough to figure out that given my yahoo account is Tatarize I should have an email account that 's frequently checked at the aforementioned site .
This is an archive of the first 48 Feasts post so that newcomers will know what i am talking about and why i’m doing it …
The 48 Feasts – First Post
January 26 , 2009
In about 95 days , I ’m going to Korea .
No matter how many times I say it , the words still resound like the words of an event that ’s happening to someone else .
I ’m going to Korea .
Again .
I ’m going to Korea .
In order to explain what this actually means and why its driving me to write these words , a bit of background is needed .
I ’m in the Air Force , have been for just over 17 years .
It ’s a means to an end that will eventually justify itself with a retirement check and a way to live and support my family with a bit less of a headache once I head out to the real world and eventually get a real job … in the meantime though , I ’m going to Korea …
Unlike the more widely publicized ( and granted , more difficult ) trips to wonderful locales like Afghanistan and Iraq , Korea sits on the backburners of America ’s consciousness , lingering there since the Korean war .
It is one of the largest concentrations of American military outside the US , sitting and waiting , guarding against the Russian bear or whatever red threat in the east that China has to offer , safeguarding a fragile alliance between the west and South Korea , essential standing between the reintegration of North and South Korea under northern control .
I ’m not one to dispute the politics of this , suffice it to say that we are there and because we are there , I ’m going to Korea .
To the major of military members , a trip to Korea breaks down like this .
You get an assignment for a one year tour .
The area is designated as a dependent restricted assignment .
This means , with a few exceptions , those that are married or with children or both go there alone and spend the year in solitude with work and not much else to fill the time .
Everyone there adapts some sort of coping mechanism to help them get through the time .
Some throw themselves into the job , with no family or real outside interests , there is n’t anything to keep people from working 12 – 16 hour days every day , go home to eat and sleep , rinse and repeat …
Others , most in my experience , dive headfirst into the culture of constant drinking , intoxication being the enemy of reflection on your situation .
Due to the security conditions on the peninsula , there is a curfew for all military assigned there , varying depending on the general conditions at the time but at one point or another , Uncle Sam tells you that you need to be back on the installation and not causing trouble in the host country .
Coupled with this are a bevy of off - limits establishments , everything from pharmacies ( where narcotics are sold that are n’t approved and / or controlled substances by the US ) to Hotbaths ( rampant beds of prostitution and homosexuality one is to assume ) to certain bars where foreigners , especially Americans just are n’t welcome .
The controlling atmosphere coupled with the high operations tempo of the ongoing readiness exercises creates a teetering balance of tension and all - out release that goes well with alcohol .
This is not my first trip to Korea .
I spent the year from January 1999 to January 2000 in the exact same location that I am now returning to , nine years later .
In the past , once someone had done a short tour , that was pretty much it , you could count on one short tour and then be relatively secure for the rest of your career .
Not anymore .
With the drawdown of force size worldwide , multiple tours are becoming the norm , not the exception .
And I , unfortunately , have 2 years and 11 months until retirement , too much time left to deny an assignment , not if I want to remain in the military and retire .
So , I am going to Korea …
During my first trip to Korea , one of my coping mechanisms employed centered around food .
I made a daily log of everything I ate and drank , good bad indifferent .
This was not the sort of food log that one would keep in order to maintain health or watch what they were eating …
I ate everything , I drank everything .
And I logged it all .
There was a day that the entire log read something like 14 rum and cokes , one bag of chips .
Riveting reading that , I tell you .
I would like to think that I have grown a bit since then and while I do n’t expect my alcohol consumption to be that different than my first trip , I do plan on breaking things up into manageable bite sized pieces , setting small milestones on the way to that goal of 365 days finished and a plane ride back to my wife and kids .
I have grown to some degree in my culinary aptitude so see this as the perfect lemons to lemonade story .
365 seems like such a big number … much easier in my opinion to count weeks instead of days .
52 , much easier to grasp , I can handle 52 of anything .
But wait , there ’s more !
As a small payback for the inconvenience of spending a year in Korea , every member is allowed to take a 30 day vacation , a midtour leave to return back to friends and family .
A small concession but believe me , at this point I will take anything I can get .
So my 52 weeks becomes 48 …
I have decided that every Sunday for the course of my 48 weeks in Korea , I will prepare a meal .
This meal will be a culinary exploration of options , tailored to my tastes and with me as the sole recipient , only judge and lone witness .
I will create 48 feasts , planning , cooking , eating and documenting .
And when I am done , I will come home .
But for now , I ’m going to Korea …
George Hotz had released purplera1n Jailbreak app for the iPhone a few days ago , and was the first one to do it .
The app was initially released on Windows , then updated to run on Windows 7 .
Now , with the help of some friends , he has released it for the Mac .
The instructions are the same , but go to the purplera1n and click on the Apple icon to download the Mac version of the app .
Detailed installation instructions
purplera1n Download Link
# This hosts file is brought to you by Dan Pollock and can be found at # http://someonewhocares.org/hosts/zero/
#
You are free to copy and distribute this file for non-commercial uses , # as long the original URL and attribution is included .
# #
See below for acknowledgements .
#
Please forward any additions , corrections or comments by email to # hosts@someonewhocares.org # Last updated : Wed , 23 Sep 2020 at 04:08:48 GMT #
Use this file to prevent your computer from connecting to selected # internet hosts .
This is an easy and effective way to protect you from # many types of spyware , reduces bandwidth use , blocks certain pop -up # traps , prevents user tracking by way of " web bugs " embedded in spam , # provides partial protection to IE from certain web - based exploits and # blocks most advertising you would otherwise be subjected to on the # internet .
#
There is a version of this file that uses 127.0.0.1 instead of 0.0.0.0 # available at http://someonewhocares.org/hosts/. #
On some machines this may run minutely faster , however the zero version # may not be compatible with all systems .
#
This file must be saved as a text file with no extension .
( This means # that the file name should be exactly as below , without a " .txt " appended . ) #
Let me repeat , the file should be named " hosts " NOT " hosts.txt " .
# For Windows 9 x and ME place this file at " C: \Windows \hosts " # For NT , Win2 K and XP use " C:\windows\system32\drivers\etc\hosts " # or " C:\winnt\system32\drivers\etc\hosts " # For Windows 7 and Vista use " C:\windows\system32\drivers\etc\hosts " # or " %systemroot%\system32\drivers\etc\hosts " # For Windows 8 and Windows 10 use " C:\Windows \System32\drivers\etc\hosts " #
You may need to tell Windows Defender to ignore this path # see : http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2764944
#
You may have to use Notepad and " Run as Administrator " # # For Linux , Unix , or OS X place this file at " / etc/hosts " or on some # systems at " / private/etc/ hosts " .
You will require root access to do # this .
Saving this file to " ~/ hosts " will allow you to run something # like " sudo cp ~/hosts /etc/hosts " .
# For OS / 2 copy the file to " %ETC % \HOSTS " and in the CONFIG .
SYS file , # ensure that the line " SET USE_HOSTS_FIRST=1 " is included .
# For BeOS place it at " / boot/beos/etc/hosts " #
On a Netware system , the location is System\etc\hosts " # For Macintosh ( pre OS X ) place it in the Mac System Folder or Preferences # folder and reboot .
( something like HD : System Folder : Preferences : Hosts ) #
Alternatively you can save it elsewhere on your machine , then go to the # TCP / IP control panel and click on " Select hosts file " to read it in .
# ------------------ # |
As well , note that the format is different on old macs , so # | please visit http://someonewhocares.org/hosts/zero/mac/ for mac format #
For Android place the file at " / system/etc/hosts " .
You will need root # access on your device to do this .
# ------------------ #
To convert the hosts file to a set of Cisco IOS commands for Cisco routers # use this script by Jesse Baird : # http://jebaird.com/2012/12/21/hosts-to-ip-host-generating-blocked-hosts-from-a-host-file-for-a-cisco-router.html
#
If there is a domain name you would rather never see , simply add a line # that reads " 0.0.0.0 machine.domain.tld " .
This will have the effect of # redirecting any requests to that host to your own computer .
For example # this will prevent your browser from downloading banner ads , or sending # your information back to a company .
#< localhost > 127.0.0.1 localhost 127.0.0.1 localhost.localdomain 255.255.255.255 broadcasthost ::1 localhost 127.0.0.1 local ::1 ip6-localhost ip6-loopback fe00::0 ip6- localnet ff00::0 ip6- mcastprefix ff02::1 ip6- allnodes ff02::2 ip6-allrouters ff02::3 ip6- allhosts # fe80::1%lo0 localhost #</localhost > #< shock - sites > #
For example , to block unpleasant pages , try : 0.0.0.0 goatse.cx #
More information on sites such as 0.0.0.0 www.goatse.cx # these can be found in this article 0.0.0.0 oralse.cx # en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_shock_sites 0.0.0.0 www.oralse.cx 0.0.0.0 goatse.ca 0.0.0.0 www.goatse.ca 0.0.0.0 oralse.ca 0.0.0.0 www.oralse.ca 0.0.0.0 goat.cx 0.0.0.0 www.goat.cx 0.0.0.0 shafou.com 0.0.0.0 www.shafou.com 0.0.0.0 1girl1pitcher.com 0.0.0.0 1girl1pitcher.org 0.0.0.0 1guy1cock.com 0.0.0.0 1man1 jar.org 0.0.0.0 1man2needles.com 0.0.0.0 1priest1nun.com 0.0.0.0 1priest1nun.net 0.0.0.0 2girls1cup-free.com 0.0.0.0 2girls1cup.cc 0.0.0.0 2girls1cup.com 0.0.0.0 2girls1cup.nl 0.0.0.0 2girls1cup.ws 0.0.0.0 2girls1finger.com 0.0.0.0 2girls1 finger.org 0.0.0.0 2guys1stump.org 0.0.0.0 3guys1hammer.ws 0.0.0.0 4girlsfingerpaint.com 0.0.0.0 4girlsfingerpaint.org 0.0.0.0 bagslap.com 0.0.0.0 ballsack.org 0.0.0.0 bestgore.com 0.0.0.0 bestshockers.com 0.0.0.0 bluewaffle.biz 0.0.0.0 bottleguy.com 0.0.0.0 bowlgirl.com 0.0.0.0 cadaver.org 0.0.0.0 clownsong.com 0.0.0.0 copyright - reform.info 0.0.0.0 cshacks.partycat.us 0.0.0.0 cyberscat.com 0.0.0.0 dadparty.com 0.0.0.0 detroithardcore.com 0.0.0.0 donotwatch.org 0.0.0.0 dontwatch.us 0.0.0.0 eelsoup.net 0.0.0.0 fruitlauncher.com 0.0.0.0 funnelchair.com 0.0.0.0 goatse.bz 0.0.0.0 goatse.ru 0.0.0.0 goatsegirl.org 0.0.0.0 hai2u.com 0.0.0.0 homewares.org 0.0.0.0 howtotroll.org 0.0.0.0 japscat.org 0.0.0.0 jarsquatter.com 0.0.0.0 jiztini.com 0.0.0.0 junecleeland.com 0.0.0.0 kids-in-sandbox.com 0.0.0.0 kidsinsandbox.info 0.0.0.0 lemonparty.biz 0.0.0.0 lemonparty.org 0.0.0.0 lolhello.com 0.0.0.0 lolshock.com 0.0.0.0 loltrain.com 0.0.0.0 meatspin.biz 0.0.0.0 meatspin.com 0.0.0.0 merryholidays.org 0.0.0.0 milkfountain.com 0.0.0.0 mudfall.com 0.0.0.0 mudmonster.org 0.0.0.0 nimp.org 0.0.0.0 nobrain.dk 0.0.0.0 nutabuse.com 0.0.0.0 octopusgirl.com 0.0.0.0 on.nimp.org 0.0.0.0 painolympics.info 0.0.0.0 painolympics.org 0.0.0.0 phonejapan.com 0.0.0.0 pressurespot.com 0.0.0.0 prolapseman.com 0.0.0.0 scrollbelow.com 0.0.0.0 selfpwn.org 0.0.0.0 sexitnow.com 0.0.0.0 shockgore.com 0.0.0.0 sourmath.com 0.0.0.0 strawpoii.me 0.0.0.0 suckdude.com 0.0.0.0 thatsjustgay.com 0.0.0.0 thatsphucked.com 0.0.0.0 thehomo.org 0.0.0.0 themacuser.org 0.0.0.0 thepounder.com 0.0.0.0 tubgirl.me 0.0.0.0 tubgirl.org 0.0.0.0 turdgasm.com 0.0.0.0 vomitgirl.org 0.0.0.0 walkthedinosaur.com 0.0.0.0 whipcrack.org 0.0.0.0 wormgush.com 0.0.0.0 www.1girl1pitcher.org 0.0.0.0 www.1guy1cock.com 0.0.0.0 www.1man1jar.org 0.0.0.0 www.1man2needles.com 0.0.0.0 www.1priest1nun.com 0.0.0.0 www.1priest1nun.net 0.0.0.0 www.2girls1cup-free.com 0.0.0.0 www.2girls1cup.cc 0.0.0.0 www.2girls1cup.nl 0.0.0.0 www.2girls1cup.ws 0.0.0.0 www.2girls1finger.org 0.0.0.0 www.2guys1stump.org 0.0.0.0 www.3guys1hammer.ws 0.0.0.0 www.4girlsfingerpaint.org 0.0.0.0 www.bagslap.com 0.0.0.0 www.ballsack.org 0.0.0.0 www.bestshockers.com 0.0.0.0 www.bluewaffle.biz 0.0.0.0 www.bottleguy.com 0.0.0.0 www.bowlgirl.com 0.0.0.0 www.cadaver.org 0.0.0.0 www.clownsong.com 0.0.0.0 www.copyright-reform.info 0.0.0.0 www.cshacks.partycat.us 0.0.0.0 www.cyberscat.com 0.0.0.0 www.dadparty.com 0.0.0.0 www.detroithardcore.com 0.0.0.0 www.donotwatch.org 0.0.0.0 www.dontwatch.us 0.0.0.0 www.eelsoup.net 0.0.0.0 www.fruitlauncher.com 0.0.0.0 www.funnelchair.com 0.0.0.0 www.goatse.bz 0.0.0.0 www.goatse.ru 0.0.0.0 www.goatsegirl.org 0.0.0.0 www.hai2u.com 0.0.0.0 www.homewares.org 0.0.0.0 www.howtotroll.org 0.0.0.0 www.japscat.org 0.0.0.0 www.jiztini.com 0.0.0.0 www.junecleeland.com 0.0.0.0 www.kids-in-sandbox.com 0.0.0.0 www.kidsinsandbox.info 0.0.0.0 www.lemonparty.biz 0.0.0.0 www.lemonparty.org 0.0.0.0 www.lolhello.com 0.0.0.0 www.lolshock.com 0.0.0.0 www.loltrain.com 0.0.0.0 www.meatspin.biz 0.0.0.0 www.meatspin.com 0.0.0.0 www.merryholidays.org 0.0.0.0 www.milkfountain.com 0.0.0.0 www.mudfall.com 0.0.0.0 www.mudmonster.org 0.0.0.0 www.nimp.org 0.0.0.0 www.nobrain.dk 0.0.0.0 www.nutabuse.com 0.0.0.0 www.octopusgirl.com 0.0.0.0 www.on.nimp.org 0.0.0.0 www.painolympics.info 0.0.0.0 www.painolympics.org 0.0.0.0 www.phonejapan.com 0.0.0.0 www.pressurespot.com 0.0.0.0 www.prolapseman.com 0.0.0.0 www.punishtube.com 0.0.0.0 www.scrollbelow.com 0.0.0.0 www.selfpwn.org 0.0.0.0 www.sourmath.com 0.0.0.0 www.strawpoii.me 0.0.0.0 www.suckdude.com 0.0.0.0 www.thatsjustgay.com 0.0.0.0 www.thatsphucked.com 0.0.0.0 www.theexgirlfriends.com 0.0.0.0 www.thehomo.org 0.0.0.0 www.themacuser.org 0.0.0.0 www.thepounder.com 0.0.0.0 www.tubgirl.me 0.0.0.0 www.tubgirl.org 0.0.0.0 www.turdgasm.com 0.0.0.0 www.vomitgirl.org 0.0.0.0 www.walkthedinosaur.com 0.0.0.0 www.whipcrack.org 0.0.0.0 www.wormgush.com 0.0.0.0 www.xvideoslive.com 0.0.0.0 www.youaresogay.com 0.0.0.0 www.ypmate.com 0.0.0.0 www.zentastic.com 0.0.0.0 youaresogay.com 0.0.0.0 zentastic.com #</shock-sites > #< shortcut - examples > #
As well by specifying the ipaddress of a server , you can gain access # to some of your favourite sites with a single letter , instead of # using the whole domain name #
It is perhaps a better solution to use Favourites / Bookmarks instead .
# 216.34.181.45 s # slashdot.org # 74.125.127.105 g # google.com #</shortcut-examples > # < hijack - sites > #
The sites ads234.com and ads345.com --
These sites hijack internet explorer # and redirect all requests through their servers .
You may need to use spyware # removal programs such as SpyBotS&D , AdAware or Hijack This to remove this # nasty parasite .
It 's possible that blocking these sites using a hosts file # may not work , in which case you should remove the following lines from this # file and try the tools listed above immediately .
Do n't forget to reboot # after a scan .
0.0.0.0 ads234.com 0.0.0.0 ads345.com 0.0.0.0 www.ads234.com 0.0.0.0 www.ads345.com #</hijack-sites > #< spyware - sites > # Spyware and user tracking #
By entering domains here , it will prevent certain companies from # gathering information on your surfing habits .
These servers do not # necessarily serve ads , instead some are used by certain products to # " phone home " .
Others use web cookies to gather statistics on surfing # habits .
Among other uses , this is a common tactic by spammers , to # let them know that you have read your mail .
# Uncomment ( remove the # ) the lines that you wish to block , as some # may provide you with services you like .
#< maybe-spy > # 0.0.0.0 auto.search.msn.com
# Microsoft uses this server to redirect # mistyped URLs to search engines .
They # log all such errors .
# 0.0.0.0 sitefinder.verisign.com # Verisign has joined the game # 0.0.0.0 sitefinder-idn.verisign.com
# of trying to hijack mistyped # URLs to their site .
# May break iOS Game Center . # 0.0.0.0 s0.2mdn.net #
This may interfere with some streaming # video on sites such as cbc.ca # 0.0.0.0 ad.doubleclick.net #
This may interefere with www.sears.com # and potentially other sites .
0.0.0.0 media.fastclick.net # Likewise , this may interfere with some 0.0.0.0 cdn.fastclick.net # sites .
# 0.0.0.0 ebay.doubleclick.net # may interfere with ebay # 0.0.0.0 google - analytics.com # breaks some sites # 0.0.0.0 ssl.google-analytics.com # 0.0.0.0 www.google-analytics.l.google.com # 0.0.0.0 stat.livejournal.com #
There are reports that this may mess # up CSS on livejournal # 0.0.0.0 stats.surfaid.ihost.com #
This has been known cause # problems with NPR.org # 0.0.0.0 www.google-analytics.com # breaks some sites # 0.0.0.0 ads.imeem.com # Seems to interfere with the functioning of imeem.com #</maybe-spy > # 0.0.0.0 ci-mpsnare.iovation.com # See http://www.codingthewheel.com/archives/online-gambling-privacy-iesnare # 0.0.0.0 ll.a.hulu.com # Uncomment to block Hulu . # 0.0.0.0 metrics.ticketmaster.com
# interferes with logging in to ticketmaster.com # 0.0.0.0 nl.sitestat.com # may interfere with duo.nl # 0.0.0.0 pro.hit.gemius.pl #
May interfere with some video sites # 0.0.0.0 services.krxd.net # 0.0.0.0 stats.channel4.com # 0.0.0.0 t2.hulu.com # Uncomment to block Hulu . # 0.0.0.0 track.hulu.com # Uncomment to block Hulu . # 0.0.0.0 webstat.channel4.com # 0.0.0.0 www.googletagservices.com #interferes with techrepublic 0.0.0.0 006.free-counter.co.uk 0.0.0.0 006.freecounters.co.uk 0.0.0.0 06272002-dbase.hitcountz.net # Web bugs in spam 0.0.0.0 0stats.com 0.0.0.0 123counter.mycomputer.com 0.0.0.0 123counter.superstats.com 0.0.0.0 1ca.cqcounter.com 0.0.0.0 1uk.cqcounter.com 0.0.0.0 1us.cqcounter.com 0.0.0.0 1xxx.cqcounter.com 0.0.0.0 2001-007.com 0.0.0.0 20585485p.rfihub.com 0.0.0.0 3bc3fd26-91cf-46b2-8ec6-b1559ada0079.statcamp.net 0.0.0.0 3ps.go.com 0.0.0.0 4-counter.com 0.0.0.0 7zip.fr 0.0.0.0 a-nj.1rx.io 0.0.0.0 a-ssl.ligatus.com 0.0.0.0 a.predictvideo.com 0.0.0.0 a.visualrevenue.com 0.0.0.0 a796faee-7163-4757-a34f-e5b48cada4cb.statcamp.net 0.0.0.0 abclnks.com 0.0.0.0 aboardamusement.com 0.0.0.0 abscbn.spinbox.net 0.0.0.0 accountlock-demo.iovation.com 0.0.0.0 activity.serving-sys.com #eyeblaster.com 0.0.0.0 ad-logics.com 0.0.0.0 adadvisor.net 0.0.0.0 adapi.ragapa.com 0.0.0.0 adblock.fr 0.0.0.0 adclient.rottentomatoes.com 0.0.0.0 adcodes.aim4media.com 0.0.0.0 adcounter.globeandmail.com 0.0.0.0 adcounter.theglobeandmail.com 0.0.0.0 addfreestats.com 0.0.0.0 adelogs.adobe.com # See http://www.theregister.co.uk/2014/10/07/adobe_digital_editions_4_caught_snooping_into_ebook_collections_of_users/
0.0.0.0 ademails.com 0.0.0.0 adlog.com.com # Used by Ziff Davis to serve # ads and track users across # the com.com family of sites 0.0.0.0 admanmail.com 0.0.0.0 admin.iesnare.co.uk 0.0.0.0 admin.iesnare.com 0.0.0.0 admin.iovation.com 0.0.0.0 adobestats.com 0.0.0.0 adopt.specificclick.net 0.0.0.0 ads.tiscali.com 0.0.0.0 ads.tiscali.it 0.0.0.0 adtrack.appcpi.net 0.0.0.0 adult.foxcounter.com 0.0.0.0 affiliate.ab1trk.com 0.0.0.0 affiliate.irotracker.com 0.0.0.0 affpool.com 0.0.0.0 ai062.insightexpress.com 0.0.0.0 ai078.insightexpressai.com 0.0.0.0 ai087.insightexpress.com 0.0.0.0 ai113.insightexpressai.com 0.0.0.0 ai125.insightexpressai.com 0.0.0.0 alert.mac-notification.com 0.0.0.0 alpha.easy-hit-counters.com 0.0.0.0 amateur.xxxcounter.com 0.0.0.0 amer.hops.glbdns.microsoft.com 0.0.0.0 amer.rel.msn.com 0.0.0.0 an.mlb.com 0.0.0.0 analytics-ingress-global.bitmovin.com 0.0.0.0 analytics-static.ugc.bazaarvoice.com 0.0.0.0 analytics.global.sky.com 0.0.0.0 analytics.msnbc.msn.com 0.0.0.0 analytics.myfinances.com 0.0.0.0 analytics.ooyala.com 0.0.0.0 analytics.prx.org 0.0.0.0 analytics.publitas.com 0.0.0.0 analytics.sleeknote.com 0.0.0.0 analytics.tiktok.com 0.0.0.0 anm.intelli-direct.com 0.0.0.0 anonymousdemographics.com 0.0.0.0 ant.conversive.nl 0.0.0.0 antivirus-message.com 0.0.0.0 apac.rel.msn.com 0.0.0.0 api.adsymptotic.com 0.0.0.0 api.behavioralengine.com 0.0.0.0 api.bizographics.com 0.0.0.0 api.gameanalytics.com 0.0.0.0 api.infinario.com 0.0.0.0 api.intentiq.com 0.0.0.0 api.murdoog.com 0.0.0.0 api.redshell.io 0.0.0.0 api.simpleanalytics.io 0.0.0.0 api.tumra.com 0.0.0.0 api2.murdoog.com 0.0.0.0 apiadapter.ad5track.com 0.0.0.0 apis.murdoog.com 0.0.0.0 app-analytics.snapchat.com 0.0.0.0 app.yesware.com 0.0.0.0 apple.com-onlinesupport.host 0.0.0.0 arbo.hit.gemius.pl 0.0.0.0 asdfanlli-jdna.org 0.0.0.0 au.track.decideinteractive.com 0.0.0.0 au052.insightexpress.com 0.0.0.0 audacity.fr 0.0.0.0 aus-mec-tracking.adalyser.com 0.0.0.0 aus-smv-tracking.adalyser.com 0.0.0.0 auspice.augur.io 0.0.0.0 b.stats.paypal.com 0.0.0.0 bam-pilot.iovation.com 0.0.0.0 bam.nr-data.net 0.0.0.0 banner.0catch.com 0.0.0.0 banners.webcounter.com 0.0.0.0 batch.iovation.com 0.0.0.0 be.sitestat.com 0.0.0.0 beacon-1.newrelic.com 0.0.0.0 beacon.krxd.net 0.0.0.0 beacon.scorecardresearch.com 0.0.0.0 beacons.hottraffic.nl 0.0.0.0 belierlaine.com 0.0.0.0 benchemail.bmetrack.com 0.0.0.0 best-search.cc #spyware 0.0.0.0 beta.easy-hit-counter.com 0.0.0.0 beta.easy-hit-counters.com 0.0.0.0 beta.easyhitcounters.com 0.0.0.0 bietthuvinhomesgialam.xyz 0.0.0.0 bigdata.adfuture.cn 0.0.0.0 bigdata.adsunflower.com 0.0.0.0 bigdata.adups.com 0.0.0.0 bigdata.advmob.cn 0.0.0.0 bilbo.counted.com 0.0.0.0 bin.clearspring.com 0.0.0.0 bindedge.com 0.0.0.0 bindfast.com 0.0.0.0 birta.stats.is 0.0.0.0 bkrtx.com 0.0.0.0 bleachbit.com 0.0.0.0 blender3d.fr 0.0.0.0 bluekai.com 0.0.0.0 bluestreak.com 0.0.0.0 bookproplus.com 0.0.0.0 brightroll.com 0.0.0.0 broadcastpc.tv 0.0.0.0 report.broadcastpc.tv 0.0.0.0 www.broadcastpc.tv 0.0.0.0 browser-message.com 0.0.0.0 brucelead.com 0.0.0.0 bserver.blick.com 0.0.0.0 bstats.adbrite.com 0.0.0.0 by.optimost.com 0.0.0.0 c.go-mpulse.net 0.0.0.0 c.statcounter.com 0.0.0.0 c.thecounter.de 0.0.0.0 c0.adalyser.com 0.0.0.0 c1.statcounter.com 0.0.0.0 c1.thecounter.com 0.0.0.0 c1.thecounter.de 0.0.0.0 c1.xxxcounter.com 0.0.0.0 c10.statcounter.com 0.0.0.0 c11.statcounter.com 0.0.0.0 c12.statcounter.com 0.0.0.0 c13.statcounter.com 0.0.0.0 c14.statcounter.com 0.0.0.0 c15.statcounter.com 0.0.0.0 c16.statcounter.com 0.0.0.0 c17.statcounter.com 0.0.0.0 c2.gostats.com 0.0.0.0 c2.thecounter.com 0.0.0.0 c2.thecounter.de 0.0.0.0 c2.xxxcounter.com 0.0.0.0 c3.adalyser.com 0.0.0.0 c3.gostats.com 0.0.0.0 c3.statcounter.com 0.0.0.0 c3.thecounter.com 0.0.0.0 c3.xxxcounter.com 0.0.0.0 c4.myway.com 0.0.0.0 c4.statcounter.com 0.0.0.0 c5.statcounter.com 0.0.0.0 c6.statcounter.com 0.0.0.0 c7.statcounter.com 0.0.0.0 c8.statcounter.com 0.0.0.0 c9.statcounter.com 0.0.0.0 ca.cqcounter.com 0.0.0.0 cashcounter.com 0.0.0.0 cb1.counterbot.com 0.0.0.0 ccleaner.fr 0.0.0.0 cdn-social.janrain.com 0.0.0.0 cdn.decibelinsight.net 0.0.0.0 cdn.doublepimpssl.com 0.0.0.0 cdn.oggifinogi.com 0.0.0.0 cdn.simpleanalytics.io 0.0.0.0 cdn.taboolasyndication.com 0.0.0.0 cdn.zarget.com 0.0.0.0 cdxbin.vulnerap.com 0.0.0.0 celestia.fr 0.0.0.0 cf.addthis.com 0.0.0.0 cgi.hotstat.nl 0.0.0.0 cgi.sexlist.com 0.0.0.0 cgicounter.onlinehome.de 0.0.0.0 cgicounter.puretec.de 0.0.0.0 ci-accountlock.iovation.com 0.0.0.0 ci-admin.iovation.com 0.0.0.0 ci-mpsnare.iesnare.co.uk 0.0.0.0 ci-mpsnare.iesnare.com 0.0.0.0 ci-snare.iovation.com 0.0.0.0 cig-arrete.com 0.0.0.0 citrix.tradedoubler.com 0.0.0.0 cjt1.net 0.0.0.0 clckcloud.com 0.0.0.0 click.atdmt.com 0.0.0.0 click.fivemtn.com 0.0.0.0 click.icptrack.com 0.0.0.0 click.investopedia.com 0.0.0.0 click.jve.net 0.0.0.0 click.payserve.com 0.0.0.0 click.silvercash.com 0.0.0.0 clickauditor.net 0.0.0.0 clickbankbreakstheinternet.com 0.0.0.0 clickmeter.com 0.0.0.0 clicks.emarketmakers.com 0.0.0.0 clicks.m4n.nl 0.0.0.0 clicks.natwest.com 0.0.0.0 clicks.rbs.co.uk 0.0.0.0 clickspring .net #used by a spyware product called PurityScan 0.0.0.0 clickstatsview.chooseonlinecasino.com 0.0.0.0 clickstatsview.earnmoneycasinos.com 0.0.0.0 clickstatsview.hourfreeplaycasinos.com 0.0.0.0 clickstatsview.howdepositcasino.com 0.0.0.0 clickstatsview.howpickcasino.com 0.0.0.0 clickstatsview.instantcasinoswithdrawal.com 0.0.0.0 clickstatsview.internetcasinosforum.com 0.0.0.0 clickstatsview.microgamingcasinosites.com 0.0.0.0 clickstatsview.new2007casinobonus.com 0.0.0.0 clicktalecdn.sslcs.cdngc.net 0.0.0.0 clicktrack.onlineemailmarketing.com 0.0.0.0 clicktrack.premium-shops.net 0.0.0.0 clicktrack.savings-foryou.net 0.0.0.0 clicktrack.shopping-networks.net 0.0.0.0 clicktracker.alloymarketing.com 0.0.0.0 clicktracker.postmasterglobal.com 0.0.0.0 clicktracks.webmetro.com 0.0.0.0 clit10.sextracker.com 0.0.0.0 clit13.sextracker.com 0.0.0.0 clit15.sextracker.com 0.0.0.0 clit2.sextracker.com 0.0.0.0 clit4.sextracker.com 0.0.0.0 clit6.sextracker.com 0.0.0.0 clit7.sextracker.com 0.0.0.0 clit8.sextracker.com 0.0.0.0 clit9.sextracker.com 0.0.0.0 clk.aboxdeal.com 0.0.0.0 clk.relestar.com 0.0.0.0 clkrtrkr.com 0.0.0.0 clonezilla.fr 0.0.0.0 cnn.entertainment.printthis.clickability.com 0.0.0.0 cnt.xcounter.com 0.0.0.0 code.murdoog.com 0.0.0.0 collector.deepmetrix.com 0.0.0.0 collector.newsx.cc 0.0.0.0 connectionlead.com 0.0.0.0 connexity.net 0.0.0.0 convertro.com 0.0.0.0 convnjmp.basebanner.com 0.0.0.0 cookies.cmpnet.com 0.0.0.0 count.channeladvisor.com 0.0.0.0 count.paycounter.com 0.0.0.0 count.xhit.com 0.0.0.0 counter.123counts.com 0.0.0.0 counter.1stblaze.com 0.0.0.0 counter.aaddzz.com 0.0.0.0 counter.adultcheck.com 0.0.0.0 counter.adultrevenueservice.com 0.0.0.0 counter.advancewebhosting.com 0.0.0.0 counter.aport.ru 0.0.0.0 counter.asexhound.com 0.0.0.0 counter.avp2000.com 0.0.0.0 counter.bizland.com 0.0.0.0 counter.bloke.com 0.0.0.0 counter.clubnet.ro 0.0.0.0 counter.cnw.cz 0.0.0.0 counter.credo.ru 0.0.0.0 counter.cz 0.0.0.0 counter.digits.com 0.0.0.0 counter.dreamhost.com 0.0.0.0 counter.e-audit.it 0.0.0.0 counter.execpc.com 0.0.0.0 counter.fateback.com 0.0.0.0 counter.gamespy.com 0.0.0.0 counter.hitslink.com 0.0.0.0 counter.hitslinks.com 0.0.0.0 counter.htmlvalidator.com 0.0.0.0 counter.impressur.com 0.0.0.0 counter.inetusa.com 0.0.0.0 counter.inti.fr 0.0.0.0 counter.kaspersky.com 0.0.0.0 counter.letssingit.com 0.0.0.0 counter.mtree.com 0.0.0.0 counter.mycomputer.com 0.0.0.0 counter.netmore.net 0.0.0.0 counter.nope.dk 0.0.0.0 counter.nowlinux.com 0.0.0.0 counter.pcgames.de 0.0.0.0 counter.rambler.ru 0.0.0.0 counter.search.bg 0.0.0.0 counter.sexhound.nl 0.0.0.0 counter.sparklit.com 0.0.0.0 counter.superstats.com 0.0.0.0 counter.surfcounters.com 0.0.0.0 counter.times.lv 0.0.0.0 counter.topping.com.ua 0.0.0.0 counter.tripod.com 0.0.0.0 counter.uq.edu.au 0.0.0.0 counter.w3open.com 0.0.0.0 counter.webcom.com 0.0.0.0 counter.webmedia.pl 0.0.0.0 counter.webtrends.com 0.0.0.0 counter.webtrends.net 0.0.0.0 counter.xxxcool.com 0.0.0.0 counter.yadro.ru 0.0.0.0 counter1.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter1.sextracker.be 0.0.0.0 counter1.sextracker.com 0.0.0.0 counter10.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter10.sextracker.be 0.0.0.0 counter10.sextracker.com 0.0.0.0 counter11.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter11.sextracker.be 0.0.0.0 counter11.sextracker.com 0.0.0.0 counter12.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter12.sextracker.be 0.0.0.0 counter12.sextracker.com 0.0.0.0 counter13.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter13.sextracker.be 0.0.0.0 counter13.sextracker.com 0.0.0.0 counter14.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter14.sextracker.be 0.0.0.0 counter14.sextracker.com 0.0.0.0 counter15.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter15.sextracker.be 0.0.0.0 counter15.sextracker.com 0.0.0.0 counter16.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter16.sextracker.be 0.0.0.0 counter16.sextracker.com 0.0.0.0 counter17.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter18.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter19.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter2.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter2.freeware.de 0.0.0.0 counter2.hitslink.com 0.0.0.0 counter2.sextracker.be 0.0.0.0 counter2.sextracker.com 0.0.0.0 counter20.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter21.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter22.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter23.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter24.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter25.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter26.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter27.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter28.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter29.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter3.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter3.sextracker.be 0.0.0.0 counter3.sextracker.com 0.0.0.0 counter30.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter31.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter32.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter33.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter34.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter35.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter36.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter37.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter38.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter39.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter4.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter4.sextracker.be 0.0.0.0 counter4.sextracker.com 0.0.0.0 counter40.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter41.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter42.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter43.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter44.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter45.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter46.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter47.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter48.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter49.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter4all.dk 0.0.0.0 counter4u.de 0.0.0.0 counter5.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter5.sextracker.be 0.0.0.0 counter5.sextracker.com 0.0.0.0 counter50.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter6.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter6.sextracker.be 0.0.0.0 counter6.sextracker.com 0.0.0.0 counter7.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter7.sextracker.be 0.0.0.0 counter7.sextracker.com 0.0.0.0 counter8.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter8.sextracker.be 0.0.0.0 counter8.sextracker.com 0.0.0.0 counter9.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 counter9.sextracker.be 0.0.0.0 counter9.sextracker.com 0.0.0.0 counterad.de 0.0.0.0 counteraport.spylog.com 0.0.0.0 counterbot.com 0.0.0.0 countercrazy.com 0.0.0.0 counters.auctionhelper.com # comment these 0.0.0.0 counters.auctionwatch.com # out to allow 0.0.0.0 counters.auctiva.com # tracking by 0.0.0.0 counters.honesty.com # ebay users 0.0.0.0 counters.gigya.com 0.0.0.0 counters.xaraonline.com 0.0.0.0 cs.sexcounter.com 0.0.0.0 ctrack.optin-global.net 0.0.0.0 ctrack07.optin-global.net 0.0.0.0 customtrck.com 0.0.0.0 cw.nu 0.0.0.0 cyberduck.fr 0.0.0.0 cyseal.cyveillance.com 0.0.0.0 cz3.clickzs.com 0.0.0.0 cz6.clickzs.com 0.0.0.0 da.ce.bd.a9.top.list.ru 0.0.0.0 da.newstogram.com 0.0.0.0 dap.digitalgov.gov 0.0.0.0 data.coremetrics.com 0.0.0.0 data.murdoog.com 0.0.0.0 data.webads.co.nz 0.0.0.0 data2.perf.overture.com 0.0.0.0 datnentayhanoi.info 0.0.0.0 dc43.s290.meetrics.net 0.0.0.0 dclk.haaretz.co.il 0.0.0.0 dclk.themarker.com 0.0.0.0 dclk.themarketer.com 0.0.0.0 de.sitestat.com 0.0.0.0 de.tynt.com 0.0.0.0 delivery.loopingclick.com 0.0.0.0 detectorcarecenter.in 0.0.0.0 didtheyreadit.com # email bugs 0.0.0.0 digistats.westjet.com 0.0.0.0 dimeprice.com # " spam bugs " 0.0.0.0 directads.mcafee.com 0.0.0.0 diskager.com 0.0.0.0 dkb01.webtrekk.net 0.0.0.0 dnsdelegation.io 0.0.0.0 dotcomsecrets.com 0.0.0.0 dpbolvw.net 0.0.0.0 dra.iesnare.com 0.0.0.0 ds.247realmedia.com 0.0.0.0 ds.amateurmatch.com 0.0.0.0 dv-fw-a-nat.iovation.com 0.0.0.0 dwclick.com 0.0.0.0 dyn.emetriq.de 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wfk4ehd5afq.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wfk4ggdzkbo.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wfk4gkcpiep.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wfk4skdpogo.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wfkiakdjgcp.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wfkiepczoeo.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wfkikjd5glq.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wfkiokc5odp.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wfkiqjcpifp.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wfkocjczedo.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wfkokjajseq.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wfkowkdjokp.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wfkykpazskq.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wflicocjklo.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wfligpd5iap.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wflikgdpodo.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wflikiajslo.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wflioldzoco.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wfliwpczolp.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wfloenczmkq.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wflokmajedo.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wfloqgc5mho.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wfmysgdzobo.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wgkigpcjedo.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wgkisnd5abo.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wgkoandzieq.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wgkycpcpsgq.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wgkyepajmeo.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wgkyknd5sko.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wgkyomdpalp.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6whkiandzkko.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6whkiepd5iho.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6whkiwjdjwhq.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wjk4amd5mfp.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wjk4kkcjalp.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wjk4ukazebo.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wjkosodpmaq.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wjkouhd5eao.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wjkowhd5ggo.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wjkowjajcbo.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wjkyandpogq.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wjkycpdzckp.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wjkyqmdzcgo.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wjkysndzigp.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wjl4qhd5kdo.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wjlichdjoep.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wjliehcjglp.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wjlignajgaq.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wjloagc5oco.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wjlougazmao.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wjlyamdpogo.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wjlyckcpelq.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wjlyeodjkcq.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wjlygkd5ecq.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wjmiekc5olo.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wjmyehd5mfo.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wjmyooczoeo.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wjny-1idzkh.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wjnyagcpkko.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wjnyeocpcdo.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wjnygidjskq.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-2dj6wjnyqkajabp.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-n.y- 1shz2prbmdj6wvny-1sez2pra2dj6wjmyepdzadpwudj6x9ny-1seq-2-2.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e-ny.a-1shz2prbmdj6wvny-1sez2pra2dj6wjny-1jcpgbowsdj6x9ny-1seq-2-2.stats.esomniture.com 0.0.0.0 e.crashlytics.com 0.0.0.0 easy - web-stats.com 0.0.0.0 ecestats.theglobeandmail.com 0.0.0.0 economisttestcollect.insightfirst.com 0.0.0.0 eds.ca.matchbox.maruhub.com 0.0.0.0 educing.info 0.0.0.0 ehg.fedex.com 0.0.0.0 eitbglobal.ojdinteractiva.com 0.0.0.0 email.positionly.com 0.0.0.0 emea.rel.msn.com 0.0.0.0 engine.cmmeglobal.com 0.0.0.0 enoratraffic.com 0.0.0.0 entry-stats.huffingtonpost.com 0.0.0.0 environmentalgraffiti.uk.intellitxt.com 0.0.0.0 es.optimost.com 0.0.0.0 eu-track.inside-graph.com 0.0.0.0 eus.rubiconproject.com 0.0.0.0 exch.quantserve.com 0.0.0.0 extremereach.com 0.0.0.0 eztrck.com 0.0.0.0 fastcounter.bcentral.com 0.0.0.0 fastcounter.com 0.0.0.0 fastcounter.linkexchange.com
0.0.0.0 fastcounter.linkexchange.net 0.0.0.0 fastcounter.linkexchange.nl 0.0.0.0 fastcounter.onlinehoster.net 0.0.0.0 fastlane.rubiconproject.com 0.0.0.0 fastwebcounter.com 0.0.0.0 fcstats.bcentral.com 0.0.0.0 fdbdo.com 0.0.0.0 fi.sitestat.com 0.0.0.0 filezilla.fr 0.0.0.0 firebaselogging.googleapis.com 0.0.0.0 fl01.ct2.comclick.com 0.0.0.0 flixprice.com 0.0.0.0 flury-ycpi.gycpi.b.yahoodns.net 0.0.0.0 flycast.com 0.0.0.0 forbescollect.247realmedia.com 0.0.0.0 formalyzer.com 0.0.0.0 foxcounter.com 0.0.0.0 fra-photobox - tracking.adalyser.com 0.0.0.0 free-counter.5u.com 0.0.0.0 free.xxxcounter.com 0.0.0.0 freeinvisiblecounters.com 0.0.0.0 freerapid.fr 0.0.0.0 freestats.com 0.0.0.0 freewebcounter.com 0.0.0.0 fs10.fusestats.com 0.0.0.0 ft2.autonomycloud.com 0.0.0.0 g-wizzads.net 0.0.0.0 gameanalysis.appcpi.net 0.0.0.0 gapl.hit.gemius.pl 0.0.0.0 gator.com 0.0.0.0 gbr-7stars-tracking.adalyser.com 0.0.0.0 gbr-carat-tracking.adalyser.com 0.0.0.0 gbr-mbww-tracking.adalyser.com 0.0.0.0 gbr-smv-tracking.adalyser.com 0.0.0.0 gbr-tbh-tracking.adalyser.com 0.0.0.0 gcounter.hosting4u.net 0.0.0.0 geocounter.net 0.0.0.0 gj.mmstat.com 0.0.0.0 gkkzngresullts.com 0.0.0.0 go-in-search.net 0.0.0.0 goldstats.com 0.0.0.0 googfle.com 0.0.0.0 googletagservices.com 0.0.0.0 gostats.com 0.0.0.0 gparted .fr 0.0.0.0 grafix.xxxcounter.com 0.0.0.0 greenshot.fr 0.0.0.0 grooveshark.fr 0.0.0.0 gscounters.us1.gigya.com 0.0.0.0 gslbeacon.lijit.com 0.0.0.0 gtcc1.acecounter.com 0.0.0.0 hbopenbid.pubmatic.com 0.0.0.0 hc2.humanclick.com 0.0.0.0 highscanprotect.com 0.0.0.0 hit-counter.5u.com 0.0.0.0 hit-counter.udub.com 0.0.0.0 hit.clickaider.com 0.0.0.0 hit10.hotlog.ru 0.0.0.0 hit2.hotlog.ru 0.0.0.0 hit37.chark.dk 0.0.0.0 hit37.chart.dk 0.0.0.0 hit39.chart.dk 0.0.0.0 hit5.hotlog.ru 0.0.0.0 hit8.hotlog.ru 0.0.0.0 hits.guardian.co.uk 0.0.0.0 hits.gureport.co.uk 0.0.0.0 hits.nextstat.com 0.0.0.0 hits.webstat.com 0.0.0.0 hitx.statistics.ro 0.0.0.0 hst.tradedoubler.com 0.0.0.0 htm.freelogs.com 0.0.0.0 http300.edge .ru4.com 0.0.0.0 hud8mxdt.computerhelpmirror.top 0.0.0.0 i.kissmetrics.com # http://www.wired.com/epicenter/2011/07/undeletable-cookie/
0.0.0.0 i.track112.site 0.0.0.0 ib.adnxs.com 0.0.0.0 ic.tynt.com 0.0.0.0 iccee.com 0.0.0.0 id.sputniknews.com 0.0.0.0 idm.hit.gemius.pl 0.0.0.0 ieplugin.com 0.0.0.0 iesnare.co.uk 0.0.0.0 iesnare.com # See http://www.codingthewheel.com/archives/online-gambling-privacy-iesnare 0.0.0.0 ig.insightgrit.com 0.0.0.0 ih.constantcontacts.com 0.0.0.0 ilead.itrack.it 0.0.0.0 image.masterstats.com 0.0.0.0 images-aud.freshmeat.net 0.0.0.0 images-aud.slashdot.org 0.0.0.0 images-aud.sourceforge.net 0.0.0.0 images.dailydiscounts.com # " spam bugs " 0.0.0.0 images.itchydawg.com 0.0.0.0 images1.paycounter.com 0.0.0.0 imp.clickability.com 0.0.0.0 impacts.alliancehub.com # " spam bugs " 0.0.0.0 impch.tradedoubler.com 0.0.0.0 impde.tradedoubler.com 0.0.0.0 impdk.tradedoubler.com 0.0.0.0 impes.tradedoubler.com 0.0.0.0 impfr.tradedoubler.com 0.0.0.0 impgb.tradedoubler.com 0.0.0.0 impie.tradedoubler.com 0.0.0.0 impit.tradedouble.com 0.0.0.0 impit.tradedoubler.com 0.0.0.0 impnl.tradedoubler.com 0.0.0.0 impno.tradedoubler.com 0.0.0.0 imprammp.taboola.com 0.0.0.0 impse.tradedoubler.com 0.0.0.0 impsnare.iesnare.com 0.0.0.0 in.paycounter.com 0.0.0.0 in.treasuredata.com 0.0.0.0 in.webcounter.cc 0.0.0.0 inkscape.fr 0.0.0.0 insightfirst.com 0.0.0.0 insightxe.looksmart.com 0.0.0.0 int.sitestat.com 0.0.0.0 intljs.rmtag.com 0.0.0.0 ioit.iovation.com 0.0.0.0 iovation.co.uk 0.0.0.0 iovation.com 0.0.0.0 iplogger.org 0.0.0.0 iprocollect.realmedia.com 0.0.0.0 istat.biz 0.0.0.0 izarc.fr 0.0.0.0 izitracking.izimailing.com 0.0.0.0 jdownloader.fr 0.0.0.0 jgoyk.cjt1.net 0.0.0.0 jkearns.freestats.com 0.0.0.0 journalism.uk.smarttargetting.com 0.0.0.0 js.cybermonitor.com 0.0.0.0 js.hs-analytics.net 0.0.0.0 js.revsci.net 0.0.0.0 jsonlinecollect.247realmedia.com 0.0.0.0 justtrck.com 0.0.0.0 kissmetrics.com 0.0.0.0 kqzyfj.com 0.0.0.0 kt4.kliptracker.com 0.0.0.0 lcprd1.samsungcloudsolution.net 0.0.0.0 lcprd2.samsungcloudsolution.net 0.0.0.0 leadpub.com 0.0.0.0 liapentruromania.ro 0.0.0.0 lin31.metriweb.be 0.0.0.0 link.masterstats.com 0.0.0.0 linkcounter.com 0.0.0.0 linkcounter.pornosite.com 0.0.0.0 linktrack.bravenet.com 0.0.0.0 livestats.atlanta-airport.com 0.0.0.0 loadus.exelator.com 0.0.0.0 loc1.hitsprocessor.com 0.0.0.0 lockerdome.com 0.0.0.0 log.btopenworld.com 0.0.0.0 log.clickstream.co.za 0.0.0.0 log.hankooki.com 0.0.0.0 log.statistici.ro 0.0.0.0 log1.countomat.com 0.0.0.0 log4.quintelligence.com 0.0.0.0 log999.goo.ne.jp 0.0.0.0 loga.xiti.com 0.0.0.0 logc1.xiti.com 0.0.0.0 logc146.xiti.com 0.0.0.0 logc22.xiti.com 0.0.0.0 logc25.xiti.com 0.0.0.0 logc31.xiti.com 0.0.0.0 logi6.xiti.com 0.0.0.0 logi7.xiti.com 0.0.0.0 logi8.xiti.com 0.0.0.0 logp3.xiti.com 0.0.0.0 logs.comics.com 0.0.0.0 logs.eresmas.com 0.0.0.0 logs.eresmas.net 0.0.0.0 logv.xiti.com 0.0.0.0 logv14.xiti.com 0.0.0.0 logv17.xiti.com 0.0.0.0 logv18.xiti.com 0.0.0.0 logv21.xiti.com 0.0.0.0 logv25.xiti.com 0.0.0.0 logv27.xiti.com 0.0.0.0 logv29.xiti.com 0.0.0.0 logv32.xiti.com 0.0.0.0 logv4.xiti.com 0.0.0.0 lpcloudsvr302.com 0.0.0.0 luycos.com 0.0.0.0 lycoscollect.247realmedia.com 0.0.0.0 lycoscollect.realmedia.com 0.0.0.0 m1.nedstatbasic.net 0.0.0.0 m1.webstats4u.com 0.0.0.0 mailcheckisp.biz # " spam bugs " 0.0.0.0 mailfoogae.appspot.com # Streak email tracker 0.0.0.0 mailtrack .me 0.0.0.0 mailtrack1313.com 0.0.0.0 mama128.valuehost.ru 0.0.0.0 marketaff.com 0.0.0.0 marketscore.com 0.0.0.0 mature.xxxcounter.com 0.0.0.0 mbox5.offermatica.com 0.0.0.0 media.superstats.com 0.0.0.0 media101.sitebrand.com 0.0.0.0 mediatrack.revenue.net 0.0.0.0 members2.hookup.com 0.0.0.0 metric.10best.com 0.0.0.0 metric.infoworld.com 0.0.0.0 metric.nationalgeographic.com 0.0.0.0 metric.nwsource.com 0.0.0.0 metric.olivegarden.com 0.0.0.0 metric.starz.com 0.0.0.0 metric.thenation.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.accuweather.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.al.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.att.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.boston.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.brightcove.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.cbc.ca 0.0.0.0 metrics.cleveland.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.cnn.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.csmonitor.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.ctv.ca 0.0.0.0 metrics.dallasnews.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.elle.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.experts-exchange.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.fandome.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.gap.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.health.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.hrblock.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.ioffer.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.ireport.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.kgw.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.ksl.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.ktvb.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.landolakes.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.lhj.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.maxim.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.mlive.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.mms.mavenapps.net 0.0.0.0 metrics.mpora.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.mysanantonio.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.nba.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.nextgov.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.nfl.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.npr.org 0.0.0.0 metrics.oclc.org 0.0.0.0 metrics.olivegarden.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.oregonlive.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.parallels.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.performancing.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.philly.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.post-gazette.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.premiere.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.rottentomatoes.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.sephora.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.soundandvision.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.soundandvisionmag.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.sun.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.technologyreview.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.theatlantic.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.thedailybeast.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.thefa.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.thefrisky.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.thenation.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.theweathernetwork.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.tmz.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.toyota.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.tulsaworld.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.washingtonpost.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.whitepages.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.womansday.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.yellowpages.com 0.0.0.0 metrics.yousendit.com 0.0.0.0 metrics2.pricegrabber.com 0.0.0.0 mktg.actonsoftware.com 0.0.0.0 mktrkr.com 0.0.0.0 mmstat.com 0.0.0.0 mng1.clickalyzer.com 0.0.0.0 mobile.webvisor.com 0.0.0.0 monetizer.com-01.site 0.0.0.0 mononoteapp.firebaseio.com 0.0.0.0 monster.gostats.com 0.0.0.0 mpsnare.iesnare.co.uk 0.0.0.0 mpsnare.iesnare.com 0.0.0.0 msn1.com 0.0.0.0 msnm.com 0.0.0.0 mt122.mtree.com 0.0.0.0 mtcount.channeladvisor.com 0.0.0.0 mtrcs.popcap.com 0.0.0.0 mtv.247realmedia.com 0.0.0.0 multi1.rmuk.co.uk 0.0.0.0 murdoog.com 0.0.0.0 mvs.mediavantage.de 0.0.0.0 mvtracker.com 0.0.0.0 mx.iesnare.com 0.0.0.0 mx.iovation.com 0.0.0.0 mybbc-analytics.files.bbci.co.uk 0.0.0.0 mystats.com 0.0.0.0 nedstat.s0.nl 0.0.0.0 net-radar.com 0.0.0.0 nethit- free.nl 0.0.0.0 network.leadpub.com 0.0.0.0 neweggstats.com 0.0.0.0 nextgenstats.com 0.0.0.0 nexttrk.com 0.0.0.0 nht-2.extreme-dm.com 0.0.0.0 nl.nedstatbasic.net 0.0.0.0 noticias.life 0.0.0.0 notify.bugsnag.com 0.0.0.0 notify1.brucelead.com 0.0.0.0 o.addthis.com 0.0.0.0 objects.tremormedia.com 0.0.0.0 okcounter.com 0.0.0.0 omniture.theglobeandmail.com 0.0.0.0 omtrdc.net 0.0.0.0 one.123counters.com 0.0.0.0 open.oneplus.net 0.0.0.0 oss-crules.marketscore.com 0.0.0.0 oss-survey.marketscore.com 0.0.0.0 ostats.mozilla.com 0.0.0.0 other.xxxcounter.com 0.0.0.0 ourtoolbar.com 0.0.0.0 out.true-counter.com 0.0.0.0 p.addthis.com 0.0.0.0 p.bm23.com 0.0.0.0 p.iovation.com 0.0.0.0 p.reuters.com 0.0.0.0 p.twitter.com 0.0.0.0 paintnet.fr 0.0.0.0 partner.alerts.aol.com 0.0.0.0 partners.pantheranetwork.com 0.0.0.0 passpport.com 0.0.0.0 paxito.sitetracker.com 0.0.0.0 paycounter.com 0.0.0.0 pei-ads.thesmokingjacket.com 0.0.0.0 performancetrck.com 0.0.0.0 perso.estat.com 0.0.0.0 pf.tradedoubler.com 0.0.0.0 photobox - tracking.adalyser.com 0.0.0.0 pings.blip.tv 0.0.0.0 pituitosus.com 0.0.0.0 pix02.revsci.net 0.0.0.0 pix03.revsci.net 0.0.0.0 pix04.revsci.net 0.0.0.0 pixel - geo.prfct.co 0.0.0.0 pixel.advertising.com 0.0.0.0 pixel.bilinmedia.net 0.0.0.0 pixel.invitemedia.com 0.0.0.0 pixel.staticworld.net 0.0.0.0 pixel.tapad.com 0.0.0.0 pixel.wp.com 0.0.0.0 pmg.ad-logics.com 0.0.0.0 pn2.adserver.yahoo.com 0.0.0.0 pointclicktrack.com 0.0.0.0 pong.qubitproducts.com 0.0.0.0 post.update.fbsbx.com 0.0.0.0 postclick.adcentriconline.com 0.0.0.0 postgazettecollect.247realmedia.com 0.0.0.0 postmedia.us.janrainsso.com 0.0.0.0 precisioncounter.com 0.0.0.0 printmail.biz 0.0.0.0 privacy-policy.truste.com 0.0.0.0 prof.estat.com 0.0.0.0 propeller-tracking.com 0.0.0.0 proxy.ia2.marketscore.com
0.0.0.0 proxy.ia3.marketscore.com 0.0.0.0 proxy.ia4.marketscore.com 0.0.0.0 proxy.or3.marketscore.com 0.0.0.0 proxy.or4.marketscore.com 0.0.0.0 proxy.sj3.marketscore.com 0.0.0.0 proxy.sj4.marketscore.com 0.0.0.0 proxycfg.marketscore.com 0.0.0.0 qbittorrent.com 0.0.0.0 quantcast584928381.s.moatpixel.com 0.0.0.0 quantserve.com # : Ad Tracking , JavaScript , etc. 0.0.0.0 quareclk.com 0.0.0.0 quicktrck.com 0.0.0.0 r.clickdensity.com 0.0.0.0 r1-t.trackedlink.net 0.0.0.0 raw.oggifinogi.com 0.0.0.0 redshell.io 0.0.0.0 remotrk.com 0.0.0.0 reports.crashlytics.com 0.0.0.0 rightmedia.net 0.0.0.0 rightstats.com 0.0.0.0 rm-admin-demo.iovation.com 0.0.0.0 rmcentre.bigfilmproduction.com 0.0.0.0 roskatrack.roskadirect.com 0.0.0.0 rotator.trafficstars.com 0.0.0.0 rr1.xxxcounter.com 0.0.0.0 rr2.xxxcounter.com 0.0.0.0 rr3.xxxcounter.com 0.0.0.0 rr4.xxxcounter.com 0.0.0.0 rr5.xxxcounter.com 0.0.0.0 rr7.xxxcounter.com 0.0.0.0 rts.pgmediaserve.com 0.0.0.0 rts.phn.doublepimp.com 0.0.0.0 s-39.predictvideo.com
0.0.0.0 s.bl-1.com 0.0.0.0 s.clickability.com 0.0.0.0 s.go-mpulse.net 0.0.0.0 s.statistici.ro 0.0.0.0 s.stats.wordpress.com 0.0.0.0 s.update.fbsbx.com 0.0.0.0 s.youtube.com # Blocking this will interfere with video watching history 0.0.0.0 s1-tracking.adalyser.com 0.0.0.0 s1.shinystat.it 0.0.0.0 s1.thecounter.com 0.0.0.0 s10.histats.com 0.0.0.0 s10.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s11.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s12.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s13.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s14.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s15.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s16.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s17.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s18.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s19.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s2.statcounter.com 0.0.0.0 s2.youtube.com 0.0.0.0 s20.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s21.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s22.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s23.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s24.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s25.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s26.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s27.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s28.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s29.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s290.mxcdn.net 0.0.0.0 s2trade.mtxcapital.com 0.0.0.0 s3.hit.stat.pl 0.0.0.0 s30.s itemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s31.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s32.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s33.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s34.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s35.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s36.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s37.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s38.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s39.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s4.histats.com 0.0.0.0 s4.shinystat.com 0.0.0.0 s41.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s42.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s43.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s44.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s45.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s46.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s47.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 s48.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 sa.jumptap.com 0.0.0.0 sact.atdmt.com 0.0.0.0 sc-analytics.appspot.com 0.0.0.0 sclk.org 0.0.0.0 scorecardresearch.com 0.0.0.0 scribe.twitter.com 0.0.0.0 scrooge.channelcincinnati.com 0.0.0.0 scrooge.channeloklahoma.com 0.0.0.0 scrooge.click10.com 0.0.0.0 scrooge.clickondetroit.com 0.0.0.0 scrooge.nbc11.com 0.0.0.0 scrooge.nbc4.com 0.0.0.0 scrooge.nbc4columbus.com 0.0.0.0 scrooge.nbcsandiego.com 0.0.0.0 scrooge.newsnet5.com 0.0.0.0 scrooge.thebostonchannel.com 0.0.0.0 scrooge.thedenverchannel.com 0.0.0.0 scrooge.theindychannel.com 0.0.0.0 scrooge.thekansascitychannel.com 0.0.0.0 scrooge.themilwaukeechannel.com 0.0.0.0 scrooge.theomahachannel.com 0.0.0.0 scrooge.wesh.com 0.0.0.0 scrooge.wftv.com 0.0.0.0 scrooge.wnbc.com 0.0.0.0 scrooge.wsoctv.com 0.0.0.0 scrooge.wtov9.com 0.0.0.0 sdc.rbistats.com 0.0.0.0 sdogiu.bestamazontips.com 0.0.0.0 se.sitestat.com 0.0.0.0 searchadv.com 0.0.0.0 secure-gg.imrworldwide.com 0.0.0.0 secure.quantserve.com 0.0.0.0 sekel.ch 0.0.0.0 servedby.valuead.com 0.0.0.0 server1.opentracker.net 0.0.0.0 server10.opentracker.net 0.0.0.0 server11.opentracker.net 0.0.0.0 server12.opentracker.net 0.0.0.0 server13.opentracker.net 0.0.0.0 server14.opentracker.net 0.0.0.0 server15.opentracker.net 0.0.0.0 server16.opentracker.net 0.0.0.0 server17.opentracker.net 0.0.0.0 server18.opentracker.net 0.0.0.0 server2.opentracker.net 0.0.0.0 server3.opentracker.net 0.0.0.0 server3.web-stat.com 0.0.0.0 server4.opentracker.net 0.0.0.0 server5.opentracker.net 0.0.0.0 server6.opentracker.net 0.0.0.0 server7.opentracker.net 0.0.0.0 server8.opentracker.net 0.0.0.0 server9.opentracker.net 0.0.0.0 service.bfast.com 0.0.0.0 service.maxymiser.net 0.0.0.0 servt.playbuzz.co 0.0.0.0 sessions.bugsnag.com 0.0.0.0 sexcounter.com 0.0.0.0 seznam.hit.gemius.pl 0.0.0.0 showads.pubmatic.com 0.0.0.0 showcount.honest.com 0.0.0.0 sideshow.directtrack.com 0.0.0.0 simpletrck.com 0.0.0.0 siteimproveanalytics.com 0.0.0.0 sitestat.com 0.0.0.0 sitestats.tiscali.co.uk 0.0.0.0 sm1.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 sm2.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 sm3.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 sm4.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 sm45mailtrack.com 0.0.0.0 sm5.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 sm6.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 sm7.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 sm8.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 sm9.sitemeter.com 0.0.0.0 smartstats.com 0.0.0.0 smetrics.att.com 0.0.0.0 smetrics.tesco.com 0.0.0.0 smetrics.washingtonpost.com 0.0.0.0 snare.iesnare.com 0.0.0.0 soap.iovation.com 0.0.0.0 softcore.xxxcounter.com 0.0.0.0 softonic.it 0.0.0.0 solamor.com 0.0.0.0 songbird.fr 0.0.0.0 sostats.mozilla.com 0.0.0.0 sovereign.sitetracker.com 0.0.0.0 spinbox.maccentral.com 0.0.0.0 spinbox.versiontracker.com 0.0.0.0 spklds.com 0.0.0.0 ss.tiscali.com 0.0.0.0 ss.tiscali.it 0.0.0.0 st.sageanalyst.net 0.0.0.0 st1.hit.gemius.pl 0.0.0.0 stags.peer39.net 0.0.0.0 startup.mobile.webvisor.com 0.0.0.0 startup.mobile.yandex.net 0.0.0.0 stast2.gq.com 0.0.0.0 stat-counter.tass-online.ru 0.0.0.0 stat.4u.pl 0.0.0.0 stat.alibaba.com 0.0.0.0 stat.discogs.com 0.0.0.0 stat.netmonitor.fi 0.0.0.0 stat.onestat.com 0.0.0.0 stat.webmedia.pl 0.0.0.0 stat.www.fi 0.0.0.0 stat.yellowtracker.com 0.0.0.0 stat.youku.com 0.0.0.0 stat1.z-stat.com 0.0.0.0 stat3.cybermonitor.com 0.0.0.0 statcounter.com 0.0.0.0 static.audienceinsights.net 0.0.0.0 static.criteo.net 0.0.0.0 static.kibboko.com 0.0.0.0 static.smni.com # Santa Monica - popunders 0.0.0.0 static.trackedweb.net 0.0.0.0 statik.topica.com 0.0.0.0 statique.secureguards.eu 0.0.0.0 statistics.dynamicsitestats.com 0.0.0.0 statistics.elsevier.nl 0.0.0.0 statistics.reedbusiness.nl 0.0.0.0 statistics.theonion.com 0.0.0.0 statistik-gallup.net 0.0.0.0 stats.24ways.org 0.0.0.0 stats.absol.co.za 0.0.0.0 stats.adbrite.com 0.0.0.0 stats.adlice.com 0.0.0.0 stats.adotube.com 0.0.0.0 stats.adultswim.com 0.0.0.0 stats.airfarewatchdog.com 0.0.0.0 stats.allliquid.com 0.0.0.0 stats.askmen.com 0.0.0.0 stats.bbc.co.uk 0.0.0.0 stats.becu.org 0.0.0.0 stats.big-boards.com 0.0.0.0 stats.blogoscoop.net 0.0.0.0 stats.bonzaii.no 0.0.0.0 stats.break.com 0.0.0.0 stats.brides.com 0.0.0.0 stats.buysellads.com 0.0.0.0 stats.cafepress.com 0.0.0.0 stats.canalblog.com 0.0.0.0 stats.cartoonnetwork.com 0.0.0.0 stats.clickability.com 0.0.0.0 stats.concierge.com 0.0.0.0 stats.cts -bv.nl 0.0.0.0 stats.darkbluesea.com 0.0.0.0 stats.datahjaelp.net 0.0.0.0 stats.directnic.com 0.0.0.0 stats.dziennik.pl 0.0.0.0 stats.economist.com 0.0.0.0 stats.epicurious.com 0.0.0.0 stats.examiner.com 0.0.0.0 stats.f-secure.com 0.0.0.0 stats.fairmont.com 0.0.0.0 stats.fastcompany.com
0.0.0.0 stats.foxcounter.com 0.0.0.0 stats.free-rein.net 0.0.0.0 stats.ft.com 0.0.0.0 stats.gamestop.com 0.0.0.0 stats.globesports.com 0.0.0.0 stats.groupninetyfour.com 0.0.0.0 stats.idsoft.com 0.0.0.0 stats.ign.com 0.0.0.0 stats.ilsemedia.nl 0.0.0.0 stats.independent.co.uk 0.0.0.0 stats.indexstats.com 0.0.0.0 stats.indextools.com 0.0.0.0 stats.investors.com 0.0.0.0 stats.iwebtrack.com 0.0.0.0 stats.jippii.com 0.0.0.0 stats.klsoft.com 0.0.0.0 stats.ladotstats.nl 0.0.0.0 stats.macworld.com 0.0.0.0 stats.magnify.net 0.0.0.0 stats.manticoretechnology.com 0.0.0.0 stats.millanusa.com 0.0.0.0 stats.nowpublic.com 0.0.0.0 stats.paycounter.com 0.0.0.0 stats.platinumbucks.com 0.0.0.0 stats.popscreen.com 0.0.0.0 stats.reinvigorate.net 0.0.0.0 stats.resellerratings.com 0.0.0.0 stats.revenue.net 0.0.0.0 stats.searchles.com 0.0.0.0 stats.space-es.com 0.0.0.0 stats.sponsorafuture.org.uk 0.0.0.0 stats.srvasnet.info 0.0.0.0 stats.ssa.gov 0.0.0.0 stats.street-jeni.us 0.0.0.0 stats.styletechnology.me 0 .0.0.0 stats.superstats.com 0.0.0.0 stats.telegraph.co.uk 0.0.0.0 stats.thoughtcatalog.com 0.0.0.0 stats.townnews.com 0.0.0.0 stats.ultimate-webservices.com 0.0.0.0 stats.unionleader.com 0.0.0.0 stats.video.search.yahoo.com 0.0.0.0 stats.vodpod.com 0.0.0.0 stats.wordpress.com 0.0.0.0 stats.wp.com 0.0.0.0 stats.www.ibm.com 0.0.0.0 stats.yourminis.com 0.0.0.0 stats1.clicktracks.com 0.0.0.0 stats1.corusradio.com 0.0.0.0 stats1.in 0.0.0.0 stats2.clicktracks.com 0.0.0.0 stats2.gourmet.com 0.0.0.0 stats2.newyorker.com 0.0.0.0 stats2.rte.ie 0.0.0.0 stats2.unrulymedia.com 0.0.0.0 stats2.vanityfair.com 0.0.0.0 stats4all.com 0.0.0.0 stats5.lightningcast.com 0.0.0.0 stats6.lightningcast.net 0.0.0.0 statse.webtrendslive.com # Fortune.com among others 0.0.0.0 stellarium.fr 0.0.0.0 stl.p.a1.traceworks.com 0.0.0.0 straighttangerine.cz.cc 0.0.0.0 sugoicounter.com 0.0.0.0 superstats.com 0.0.0.0 sync.bfmio.com 0.0.0.0 sync.clickonometrics.pl 0.0.0.0 systweak.com 0.0.0.0 t.senaldos.com 0.0.0.0 t.senaluno.com 0.0.0.0 t.signaletre.com 0.0.0.0 t.signauxdeux.com # Another email opentracker from hubspot 0.0.0.0 t.update.fbsbx.com 0.0.0.0 t.yesware.com 0.0.0.0 tag.crsspxl.com 0.0.0.0 tagging.outrider.com 0.0.0.0 tags.bkrtx.com 0.0.0.0 talkcity.realtracker.com 0.0.0.0 targetnet.com 0.0.0.0 tates.freestats.com 0.0.0.0 tcookie.usatoday.com 0.0.0.0 tcr.tynt.com # See http://daringfireball.net/2010/05/tynt_copy_paste_jerks 0.0.0.0 telecharger-openoffice.fr 0.0.0.0 test.iovation.com 0.0.0.0 testgw.iovation.com 0.0.0.0 tgpcounter.freethumbnailgalleries.com 0.0.0.0 the -counter.net 0.0.0.0 the.sextracker.com 0.0.0.0 thecounter.com 0.0.0.0 themecounter.com 0.0.0.0 tipsurf.com 0.0.0.0 toolbarpartner.com 0.0.0.0 tools.spylog.ru 0.0.0.0 top.mail.ru 0.0.0.0 topstats.com 0.0.0.0 topstats.net 0.0.0.0 torstarcollect.247realmedia.com 0.0.0.0 tour.SweetDiscreet.com 0.0.0.0 tour.xxxblackbook.com 0.0.0.0 tr.adinterax.com 0.0.0.0 track.941tracking.com 0.0.0.0 track.adform.com 0.0.0.0 track.adform.net 0.0.0.0 track.adrevolver.com 0.0.0.0 track.anideaevolves.com 0.0.0.0 track.bannerbridge.net 0.0.0.0 track.brucelead.com 0.0.0.0 track.businesstrenders.com 0.0.0.0 track.businessunionorg.com 0.0.0.0 track.clearsender.com 0.0.0.0 track.clickcabintracker.com 0.0.0.0 track.clicksure.com 0.0.0.0 track.construclique.com 0.0.0.0 track.did-it.com 0.0.0.0 track.digitcked.com 0.0.0.0 track.digluen.com 0.0.0.0 track.digning.com 0.0.0.0 track.diguati.com 0.0.0.0 track.directleads.com 0.0.0.0 track.domainsponsor.com 0.0.0.0 track.dotsly.com 0.0.0.0 track.effiliation.com 0.0.0.0 track.eg-innovations.net 0.0.0.0 track.emailsvc.net 0.0.0.0 track.enviodemails.com 0.0.0.0 track.exclusivecpa.com 0.0.0.0 track.ft.com 0.0.0.0 track.gawker.com 0.0.0.0 track.greatofferstoyou.net 0.0.0.0 track.grmtracking.com 0.0.0.0 track.homestead.com 0.0.0.0 track.hotdrugsstore.in 0.0.0.0 track.india-marketing.in 0.0.0.0 track.iwfueh.us 0.0.0.0 track.justdoing.biz 0.0.0.0 track.kscentraltrack.us 0.0.0.0 track.lawoftrade.com 0.0.0.0 track.learntotradesrv.com 0.0.0.0 track.lfstmedia.com 0.0.0.0 track.linkmails.net 0.0.0.0 track.lmsadvlc.ru 0.0.0.0 track.mailvalue.net 0.0.0.0 track.marketingontarget.net 0.0.0.0 track.marketsvc.net 0.0.0.0 track.mdirector.com 0.0.0.0 track.mdrctr.com 0.0.0.0 track.mia-base.com 0.0.0.0 track.mindfieldresources.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.afgz.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.ajfy.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.ama.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.bfy.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.bvp.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.cdn.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.ceio.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.chpn.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.cxtv.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.dgt.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.dtx.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.dxr.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.ebg.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.emee.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.eqq.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.etvz.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.fal.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.fcuk.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.fmi.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.fvpl.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.gdb.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.gmiy.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.hex.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.hih.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.hlh.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.hnsl.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.igzr.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.imc.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.iuf.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.iuh.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.izy.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.jzz.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.kfgy.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.kfz.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.khrg.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.kkal.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.kpuo.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.krt.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.llu.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.lngl.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.lrgo.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.ltp.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.lyv.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.lzwp.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.mazp.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.mjze.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.mkqa.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.moas.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.msw.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.mur.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.nge.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.nho.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.nlke.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.nyfg.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.oah.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.pcp.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.pka.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.psof.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.pszn.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.pwpn.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.qpz.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.qru.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.qsvv.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.qymv.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.rfjq.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.ruum.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.sax.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.scz.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.sfq.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.sgq.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.shy.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.szc.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.tirj.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.tnuw.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.toj.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.trg.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.tux.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.usm.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.usx.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.vava.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.vbd.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.vbug.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.vcf.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.vrhe.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.vyp.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.wdm.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.wfm.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.wmd.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.won.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.wup.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.xda.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.xpp.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.xxx.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.xzh.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.xzwy.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.yaz.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.ybi.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.ytbp.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.zepw.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.zhv.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.zlx.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.zmmr.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.zul.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.zun.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.zvjw.com 0.0.0.0 track.msadcenter.zzv.com 0.0.0.0 track.mybloglog.com 0.0.0.0 track.nifty.com 0.0.0.0 track.nuxues.com 0.0.0.0 track.offermarket.net 0.0.0.0 track.omg2.com 0.0.0.0 track .optinstar.com 0.0.0.0 track.pplnk.com 0.0.0.0 track.ppmdating.com 0.0.0.0 track.promosvc.com 0.0.0.0 track.promovalue.us 0.0.0.0 track.publeadmedia.com 0.0.0.0 track.real2come.com 0.0.0.0 track.rediff.com 0.0.0.0 track.resala1.com 0.0.0.0 track.roiservice.com 0.0.0.0 track.searchignite.com 0.0.0.0 track.specialdailydeals4u.com 0.0.0.0 track.statesend.co.in 0.0.0.0 track.stromfeldshippingcenters.com 0.0.0.0 track.svcoffer.com 0.0.0.0 track.theprovision.net 0.0.0.0 track.theviralconcept.com 0.0.0.0 track.topromotion.net 0.0.0.0 track.upaknee.com 0.0.0.0 track.vivid.com 0.0.0.0 track.webgains.com 0.0.0.0 track.webprodeals.cf 0.0.0.0 track.xapads.com 0.0.0.0 track.yourmedicalpurchase.ru 0.0.0.0 track.zapromotions.com 0.0.0.0 track.zipalerts.com 0.0.0.0 track.ziprecruiter.com 0.0.0.0 track.zulumarketing.com 0.0.0.0 track1.offers2004.com 0.0.0.0 track12.offersbymail.com 0.0.0.0 track2.mybloglog.com 0.0.0.0 track2.ultimateinternetoffers.com 0.0.0.0 track3.your-picks.com 0.0.0.0 tracka.business leadbuilder.com 0.0.0.0 tracker.blueprintinteractivetest.com 0.0.0.0 tracker.bonnint.net 0.0.0.0 tracker.bt.uol.com.br 0.0.0.0 tracker.cl1.fidelizador.com 0.0.0.0 tracker.clicktrade.com 0.0.0.0 tracker.consumerpackage.net 0.0.0.0 tracker.coopt.com 0.0.0.0 tracker.eton-events.com 0.0.0.0 tracker.hitmatic.com 0.0.0.0 tracker.idg.co.uk 0.0.0.0 tracker.mailvalue.net 0.0.0.0 tracker.marketsvc.net 0.0.0.0 tracker.mattel.com 0.0.0.0 tracker.netklix.com 0.0.0.0 tracker.offermarket.net 0.0.0.0 tracker.onapps.org 0.0.0.0 tracker.promosvc.com 0.0.0.0 tracker.promovalue.us 0.0.0.0 tracker.remp.impresa.pt 0.0.0.0 tracker.svcoffer.com 0.0.0.0 tracker.tradedoubler.com 0.0.0.0 tracker1.leadiya.com 0.0.0.0 tracking - financial - review.net 0.0.0.0 tracking .10e20.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.3com.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.45-fe6b6-aah.co.uk 0.0.0.0 tracking.adalyser.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.adctrack.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.adgoon.it 0.0.0.0 tracking.adjug.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.allposters.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.ariong.us 0.0.0.0 tracking.arxibs01.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.baddoggiemediagroup.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.carprices.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.crossovertech.asia 0.0.0.0 tracking.drsfostersmith.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.eforceworld.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.engagedigitalmedia.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.experience.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.fanbridge.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.fitprosperity.net 0.0.0.0 tracking.foxnews.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.gajmp.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.ibexnetwork.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.ilinkmd.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.imagewebdesign.fr 0.0.0.0 tracking.iol.co.za 0.0.0.0 tracking.ipermission.net 0.0.0.0 tracking.ipermit.net 0.0.0.0 tracking.jef74.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.lay-ota.fr 0.0.0.0 tracking.layo-ta.fr 0.0.0.0 tracking.lifescript.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.mailtracker.in 0.0.0.0 tracking.marketviaemail.net 0.0.0.0 tracking.motleyfool.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.msadcenter.msn.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.murdoog.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.myunidays.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.nesox.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.oceantidemedia.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.oerug.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.oggifinogi.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.paymentfindermail.net 0.0.0.0 tracking.pennystockpicks.net 0.0.0.0 tracking.percentmobile.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.perfectwaterpurifier.net 0.0.0.0 tracking.prm20cloud.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.publicidees.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.quisma.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.rangeonlinemedia.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.salkmarketing.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.searchmarketing.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.stampready.net 0.0.0.0 tracking.summitmedia.co.uk 0.0.0.0 tracking.trafficjunky.net 0.0.0.0 tracking.trutv.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.vindicosuite.com 0.0.0.0 tracking.yohoads.com 0.0.0.0 trackit.vicotech.com 0.0.0.0 trackmail3345.com 0.0.0.0 tracksurf.daooda.com 0.0.0.0 tradedoubler.com 0.0.0.0 tradedoubler.sonvideopro.com 0.0.0.0 traffic-stats.streamsolutions.co.uk 0.0.0.0 traffic.spot.im 0.0.0.0 trafficopen.com 0.0.0.0 trax.gamespot.com 0.0.0.0 trc.taboolasyndication.com 0.0.0.0 trckaction.com 0.0.0.0 trcko.com 0.0.0.0 treasuredata.com 0.0.0.0 trk.cachemetracking.com 0.0.0.0 trk.kissmetrics.com 0.0.0.0 trk.securesmrt-dt.com 0.0.0.0 trk.tidaltv.com 0.0.0.0 trkrpoint.com 0.0.0.0 true-counter.com 0.0.0.0 truecrypt.fr 0.0.0.0 truehits1.gits.net.th 0.0.0.0 tu.connect.wunderloop.net 0.0.0.0 tynt.com 0.0.0.0 u.startup.mobile.webvisor.com 0.0.0.0 u1817.16.spylog.com 0.0.0.0 u3102.47.spylog.com 0.0.0.0 u3305.71.spylog.com 0.0.0.0 u3608.20.spylog.com 0.0.0.0 u4056.56.spylog.com 0.0.0.0 u432.77.spylog.com 0.0.0.0 u4396.79.spylog.com 0.0.0.0 u4443.84.spylog.com 0.0.0.0 u4556.11.spylog.com 0.0.0.0 u5234.87.spylog.com 0.0.0.0 u5234.98.spylog.com 0.0.0.0 u5687.48.spylog.com 0.0.0.0 u574.07.spylog.com 0.0.0.0 u604.41.spylog.com 0.0.0.0 u6762.46.spylog.com 0.0.0.0 u6905.71.spylog.com 0.0.0.0 u7748.16.spylog.com 0.0.0.0 u810.15.spylog.com 0.0.0.0 u920.31.spylog.com 0.0.0.0 u977.40.spylog.com 0.0.0.0 udc.msn.com 0.0.0.0 uip.semasio.net 0.0.0.0 uk.cqcounter.com 0.0.0.0 uk.sitestat.com 0.0.0.0 ultimatecounter.com 0.0.0.0 us.2.cqcounter.com 0.0.0.0 us.cqcounter.com 0.0.0.0 usa.nedstat.net 0.0.0.0 v1.nedstatbasic.net 0.0.0.0 v7.stats.load.com 0.0.0.0 v8.analytics.pinsightmedia.com 0.0.0.0 v8engine.pinsightmedia.com 0.0.0.0 v8push.pinsightmedia.com 0.0.0.0 valueclick.com 0.0.0.0 valueclick.net 0.0.0.0 velocecdn.com 0.0.0.0 vertical - stats.huffpost.com 0.0.0.0 video-stats.video.google.com 0.0.0.0 vidstat.taboola.com 0.0.0.0 vidstatb.taboola.com 0.0.0.0 vip.clickzs.com 0.0.0.0 virtualbartendertrack.beer.com 0.0.0.0 vis.sexlist.com 0.0.0.0 visit.theglobeandmail.com # Visits to theglobeandmail.com 0.0.0.0 voken.eyereturn.com 0.0.0.0 vs.dmtracker.com 0.0.0.0 vsii.spinbox.net 0.0.0.0 vsii.spindox.net 0.0.0.0 w1.tcr112.tynt.com 0.0.0.0 warlog.info 0.0.0.0 warning-message.com 0.0.0.0 wau.tynt.com 0.0.0.0 web-counter.5u.com 0.0.0.0 web1.realtracker.com 0.0.0.0 web2.realtracker.com 0.0.0.0 web3.realtracker.com 0.0.0.0 web4.realtracker.com 0.0.0.0 webanalytics.globalthoughtz.com 0.0.0.0 webbug.seatreport.com # web bugs 0.0.0.0 webcounter.com 0.0.0.0 webcounter.goweb.de 0.0.0.0 webcounter.together.net 0.0.0.0 webhit.aftenposten.no 0.0.0.0 webhit.afterposten.no 0.0.0.0 webmasterkai.sitetracker.com 0.0.0.0 webpdp.gator.com 0.0.0.0 webtrends.telenet.be 0.0.0.0 webtrends.thisis.co.uk 0.0.0.0 webtrends.townhall.com 0.0.0.0 whentheyopened.com 0.0.0.0 windows-tech-help.com 0.0.0.0 wt.bankmillennium.pl 0.0.0.0 wtnj.worldnow.com 0.0.0.0 www.0stats.com 0.0.0.0 www.123count.com 0.0.0.0 www.123counter.superstats.com 0.0.0.0 www.123stat.com 0.0.0.0 www.1quickclickrx.com 0.0.0.0 www.2001-007.com 0.0.0.0 www.3dstats.com 0.0.0.0 www.adalyser.com 0.0.0.0 www.addfreecounter.com 0.0.0.0 www.addfreestats.com 0.0.0.0 www.addtoany.com 0.0.0.0 www.ademails.com 0.0.0.0 www.admin.iesnare.co.uk 0.0.0.0 www.admin.iesnare.com 0.0.0.0 www.affiliatesuccess.net 0.0.0.0 www.bar.ry2002.02-ry014.snpr.hotmx.hair.zaam.net # In spam 0.0.0.0 www.belstat.nl 0.0.0.0 www.betcounter.com 0.0.0.0 www.bigbadted.com 0.0.0.0 www.bluestreak.com 0.0.0.0 www.buglife.com 0.0.0.0 www.c.thecounter.de 0.0.0.0 www.c1.thecounter.de 0.0.0.0 www.c2.thecounter.de 0.0.0.0 www.ci-mpsnare.iesnare.co.uk 0.0.0.0 www.ci-mpsnare.iesnare.com 0.0.0.0 www.cig-arrete.com 0.0.0.0 www.clickclick.com 0.0.0.0 www.clickspring.net #used by a spyware product called PurityScan 0.0.0.0 www.clixgalore.com 0.0.0.0 www.connectionlead.com 0.0.0.0 www.counter.bloke.com 0.0.0.0 www.counter.sexhound.nl 0.0.0.0 www.counter.superstats.com 0.0.0.0 www.counter1.sextracker.be 0.0.0.0 www.counter10.sextracker.be 0.0.0.0 www.counter11.sextracker.be 0.0.0.0 www.counter12.sextracker.be 0.0.0.0 www.counter13.sextracker.be 0.0.0.0 www.counter14.sextracker.be 0.0.0.0 www.counter15.sextracker.be 0.0.0.0 www.counter16.sextracker.be 0.0.0.0 www.counter2.sextracker.be 0.0.0.0 www.counter3.sextracker.be 0.0.0.0 www.counter4.sextracker.be 0.0.0.0 www.counter4all.com 0.0.0.0 www.counter4all.de 0.0.0.0 www.counter5.sextracker.be 0.0.0.0 www.counter6.sextracker.be 0.0.0.0 www.counter7.sextracker.be 0.0.0.0 www.counter8.sextracker.be 0.0.0.0 www.counter9.sextracker.be 0.0.0.0 www.counterguide.com 0.0.0.0 www.cw.nu 0.0.0.0 www.directgrowthhormone.com 0.0.0.0 www.dpbolvw.net 0.0.0.0 www.dwclick.com 0.0.0.0 www.easycounter.com 0.0.0.0 www.emaildeals.biz 0.0.0.0 www.estats4all.com 0.0.0.0 www.fastcounter.linkexchange.nl 0.0.0.0 www.formalyzer.com 0.0.0.0 www.foxcounter.com 0.0.0.0 www.freestats.com 0.0.0.0 www.fxcounters.com 0.0.0.0 www.gator.com 0.0.0.0 www.googkle.com 0.0.0.0 www.hitstats.co.uk 0.0.0.0 www.iccee.com 0.0.0.0 www.iesnare.co.uk 0.0.0.0 www.iesnare.com # See http://www.codingthewheel.com/archives/online-gambling-privacy-iesnare 0.0.0.0 www.iovation.co.uk 0.0.0.0 www.iovation.com 0.0.0.0 www.jellycounter.com 0.0.0.0 www.kqzyfj.com 0.0.0.0 www.lansrv050.com 0.0.0.0 www.leadpub.com 0.0.0.0 www.linkcounter.com 0.0.0.0 www.marketscore.com 0.0.0.0 www.megacounter.de 0.0.0.0 www.metareward.com
# web bugs in spam 0.0.0.0 www.mmstat.com 0.0.0.0 www.mnbasd77.com 0.0.0.0 www.mpsnare.iesnare.co.uk 0.0.0.0 www.mpsnare.iesnare.com 0.0.0.0 www.naturalgrowthstore.biz 0.0.0.0 www.nedstat.com 0.0.0.0 www.nextgenstats.com 0.0.0.0 www.ntsearch.com 0.0.0.0 www.onestat.com 0.0.0.0 www.originalicons.com # installs IE extension 0.0.0.0 www.paycounter.com 0.0.0.0 www.pointclicktrack.com 0.0.0.0 www.popuptrafic.com 0.0.0.0 www.precisioncounter.com 0.0.0.0 www.premiumsmail.net 0.0.0.0 www.printmail.biz 0.0.0.0 www.quantserve.com # : Ad Tracking , JavaScript , etc. 0.0.0.0 www.quareclk.com 0.0.0.0 www.remotrk.com 0.0.0.0 www.rightmedia.net 0.0.0.0 www.rightstats.com 0.0.0.0 www.searchadv.com 0.0.0.0 www.sekel.ch 0.0.0.0 www.shockcounter.com 0.0.0.0 www.simplecounter.net 0.0.0.0 www.specificclick.com 0.0.0.0 www.specificpop.com 0.0.0.0 www.spklds.com 0.0.0.0 www.statcount.com 0.0.0.0 www.statcounter.com 0.0.0.0 www.statsession.com 0.0.0.0 www.stattrax.com 0.0.0.0 www.stiffnetwork.com 0.0.0.0 www.testracking.com 0.0.0.0 www.the-counter.net 0.0.0.0 www.thecounter.com 0.0.0.0 www.toolbarcounter.com 0.0.0.0 www.tradedoubler.com 0.0.0.0 www.tradedoubler.com.ar 0.0.0.0 www.tradingtactics.win 0.0.0.0 www.trafficmagnet.net # web bugs in spam 0.0.0.0 www.trafic.ro 0.0.0.0 www.trendcounter.com 0.0.0.0 www.true-counter.com 0.0.0.0 www.tynt.com 0.0.0.0 www.ultimatecounter.com 0.0.0.0 www.v61.com 0.0.0.0 www.web-stat.com 0.0.0.0 www.webcounter.com 0.0.0.0 www.webstat.com 0.0.0.0 www.whereugetxxx.com
0.0.0.0 www.xxxcounter.com 0.0.0.0 www1.addfreestats.com 0.0.0.0 www1.counter.bloke.com 0.0.0.0 www1.tynt.com 0.0.0.0 www101.coolsavings.com 0.0.0.0 www2.addfreestats.com 0.0.0.0 www2.counter.bloke.com 0.0.0.0 www2.pagecount.com 0.0.0.0 www3.addfreestats.com 0.0.0.0 www3.click-fr.com 0.0.0.0 www3.counter.bloke.com 0.0.0.0 www4.addfreestats.com 0.0.0.0 www4.counter.bloke.com 0.0.0.0 www5.addfreestats.com 0.0.0.0 www5.counter.bloke.com 0.0.0.0 www6.addfreestats.com 0.0.0.0 www6.click-fr.com 0.0.0.0 www6.counter.bloke.com 0.0.0.0 www60.valueclick.com 0.0.0.0 www7.addfreestats.com 0.0.0.0 www7.counter.bloke.com 0.0.0.0 www8.addfreestats.com 0.0.0.0 www8.counter.bloke.com 0.0.0.0 www9.counter.bloke.com 0.0.0.0 x.cb.kount.com 0.0.0.0 xcnn.com 0.0.0.0 xtrasizeoriginal.com.br 0.0.0.0 xxxcounter.com 0.0.0.0 xyz.freelogs.com 0.0.0.0 zsisk.com 0.0.0.0 zz.cqcounter.com #</spyware-sites > # < malware - sites > # sites with known trojans , phishing , or other malware 0.0.0.0 0.nextyourcontent.com 0.0.0.0 05tz2e9.com 0.0.0.0 09killspyware.com 0.0.0.0 11398.onceedge.ru 0.0.0.0 20 - yrs -1.info 0.0.0.0 2006mindfreaklike.blogspot.com # Facebook trojan 0.0.0.0 24newsoft.fetmoredonefasterbysubmiting.download 0.0.0.0 24upgradecheck.thesteadysystemforupgrades.download 0.0.0.0 59-106-20-39.r-bl100.sakura.ne.jp 0.0.0.0 662bd114b7c9.onceedge.ru 0.0.0.0 7zip.fr 0.0.0.0 8hj500ro4t7.groovepages.com 0.0.0.0 ASKBOT.com 0.0.0.0 Arrayshift.com 0.0.0.0 BonusCashh.com 0.0.0.0 Iframecash.biz 0.0.0.0 OSQA.com 0.0.0.0 Question2Answer.com 0.0.0.0 TheBizMeet.com 0.0.0.0 a- scrip.org 0.0.0.0 a.kaytri.com 0.0.0.0 a.oix.com 0.0.0.0 a.oix.net 0.0.0.0 a.openinternetexchange.com 0.0.0.0 a.phormlabs.com 0.0.0.0 a.webwise.com 0.0.0.0 a.webwise.net 0.0.0.0 a.webwise.org 0.0.0.0 a15172379.alturo-server.de 0.0.0.0 aaukqiooaseseuke.org 0.0.0.0 abetterinternet.com 0.0.0.0 abruzzoinitaly.co.uk 0.0.0.0 accessful.info 0.0.0.0 acglgoa.com 0.0.0.0 acim.moqhixoz.cn 0.0.0.0 acnenomor.com 0.0.0.0 ad.g-content.bid 0.0.0.0 adblock.fr 0.0.0.0 adexchangetracker.com 0.0.0.0 adn.plxnt.com 0.0.0.0 adshufffle.com 0.0.0.0 adwitty.com 0.0.0.0 adwords.google.lloymlincs.com 0.0.0.0 afantispy.com 0.0.0.0 afdbande.cn 0.0.0.0 afisa.nolsab.space 0.0.0.0 agroeconom.kz 0.0.0.0 ahror.safin.space 0.0.0.0 ale - gratka.pl 0.0.0.0 alegratka.eu 0.0.0.0 allaskme.com 0.0.0.0 allhqpics.com # Facebook trojan 0.0.0.0 alltereg0.ru 0.0.0.0 alocdn.com 0.0.0.0 alphabirdnetwork.com 0.0.0.0 ams1.ib.adnxs.com 0.0.0.0 andrionmobileapp.bid 0.0.0.0 android.bigresource.com 0.0.0.0 androiddev.orkitra.com 0.0.0.0 angeing.info 0.0.0.0 anouslab.cmail20.com 0.0.0.0 answerhub.com 0.0.0.0 antispywareexpert.com 0.0.0.0 antivirus - online-scan5.com 0.0.0.0 antivirus - scanner.com 0.0.0.0 antivirus - scanner8.com 0.0.0.0 api.inwemo.com 0.0.0.0 app2.letslowbefast.life 0.0.0.0 app4.greatmacsoft.tech 0.0.0.0 app4com.bestgrade4update.trade 0.0.0.0 apple-protection.info 0.0.0.0 apple.com------support.host 0.0.0.0 apple.com-analysis-safety-antimalware-support.accountant 0.0.0.0 apple.com-onlinesupport.site 0.0.0.0 apple.com-safetyalert.com 0.0.0.0 apple.com-scan-virus-detected.com 0.0.0.0 apple.com-security-desktop-antimalware-support.download 0.0.0.0 apple.com-store.me 0.0.0.0 apple.com-supportcenter.website 0.0.0.0 apple.com-web-security-analysis.win 0.0.0.0 apple.com-webbrowsing-security.bid 0.0.0.0 apple.com-webbrowsing-security.download 0.0.0.0 apple.com-webbrowsing-security.science 0.0.0.0 apple.com-webbrowsing-security.site 0.0.0.0 apple.com.virus-mac.com 0.0.0.0 appleld.apple.com.t5j2kdkc88dd2m423-verif.info 0.0.0.0 applestore.com-mobile.gift 0.0.0.0 armsart.com 0.0.0.0 articlefuns.cn 0.0.0.0 articleidea.cn 0.0.0.0 asianread.com 0.0.0.0 ask-coder.com 0.0.0.0 ask.webatall.com 0.0.0.0 askto.net 0.0.0.0 audacity.es 0.0.0.0 audacity.fr 0.0.0.0 autohipnose.com 0.0.0.0 autoupdate.update4ever.xyz 0.0.0.0 azureus.es 0.0.0.0 azvjudwr.info 0.0.0.0 b.oix.com 0.0.0.0 b.oix.net 0.0.0.0 b.webwise.com 0.0.0.0 b.webwise.net 0.0.0.0 b.webwise.org 0.0.0.0 badmactogoodmac.space 0.0.0.0 badmactogoodmac.tech 0.0.0.0 beloysoff.ru 0.0.0.0 benefitsorganic.com 0.0.0.0 bestreview.site 0.0.0.0 bgl1dr1-a-fixed.sancharnet.in 0.0.0.0 bgl1pp1-a-fixed.sancharnet.in 0.0.0.0 bhyuu.com 0.0.0.0 bighow.net 0.0.0.0 binsservicesonline.info 0.0.0.0 bir.snjack.info 0.0.0.0 bitcoinplus.com 0.0.0.0 bj02.cww.com 0.0.0.0 blackhat.be 0.0.0.0 blender3d.fr 0.0.0.0 blenz-me.net 0.0.0.0 bluescreenalert.com 0.0.0.0 bluescreenerrors.net 0.0.0.0 blw4-1.com 0.0.0.0 bnvxcfhdgf.blogspot.com.es 0.0.0.0 bopstermedia56.com 0.0.0.0 br.phorm.com 0.0.0.0 brightonclick.com 0.0.0.0 brunga.at # Facebook phishing attempt 0.0.0.0 bt.phorm.com 0.0.0.0 bt.webwise.com 0.0.0.0 bt.webwise.net 0.0.0.0 bt.webwise.org 0.0.0.0 btlsurvey.com 0.0.0.0 butt-head.mos.ru 0.0.0.0 c.oix.com 0.0.0.0 c.oix.net 0.0.0.0 c.webwise.com 0.0.0.0 c.webwise.net 0.0.0.0 c.webwise.org 0.0.0.0 ca8g5.win 0.0.0.0 cablyshaw.com 0.0.0.0 cafecoc.com 0.0.0.0 cahoots.com 0.0.0.0 callawaypos.com 0.0.0.0 callbling.com 0.0.0.0 cambonanza.com 0.0.0.0 campaign.budgethyve.com 0.0.0.0 ccudl.com 0.0.0.0 cdn.jquery-uim.download 0.0.0.0 cdn.radiatewheel.info 0.0.0.0 cdn.static-cnt.bid 0.0.0.0 cdn1.minestat.biz 0.0.0.0 cdn2.minestat.biz 0.0.0.0 celestia.es 0.0.0.0 celestia.fr 0.0.0.0 certifiedwinners.today 0.0.0.0 changduk26.com # Facebook trojan 0.0.0.0 check.goodroundtoupdates.date 0.0.0.0 checkfreevideos.net 0.0.0.0 checkingfree.thebig-centeralplacecontentprepared.review 0.0.0.0 chelick.net # Facebook trojan 0.0.0.0 ciiycode.com 0.0.0.0 cioco-froll.com 0.0.0.0 cira.login.cqr.ssl.igotmyloverback.com 0.0.0.0 clean-mobilephone.com 0.0.0.0 cleanchain.net 0.0.0.0 cleanmobilephone.com 0.0.0.0 click.get-answers-fast.com 0.0.0.0 clicktripz.com 0.0.0.0 clien.net 0.0.0.0 clonezilla.es 0.0.0.0 clonezilla.fr 0.0.0.0 cnbc.com-article906773.us 0.0.0.0 cnhv.co 0.0.0.0 cnt.statistic.date 0.0.0.0 co8vd.cn 0.0.0.0 codeexplain.com 0.0.0.0 codegur.com 0.0.0.0 codeotel.com 0.0.0.0 coderexception.com 0.0.0.0 coin-have.com 0.0.0.0 coin-hive.com 0.0.0.0 coinerra.com 0.0.0.0 coinhive.com 0.0.0.0 coinimp.com 0.0.0.0 coldcertainchannel.com 0.0.0.0 com2err.xyz 0.0.0.0 compufixshop.com 0.0.0.0 comsss -56.com 0.0.0.0 conduit.com 0.0.0.0 connect.secure.ggj4m.wellsfarg0-onllne.net 0.0.0.0 coolbotsearch4.info 0.0.0.0 coordino.com 0.0.0.0 cra-arc-gc-ca.noads.biz 0.0.0.0 cra-arc.gc.ca.bioder.com.tr 0.0.0.0 croissed .info 0.0.0.0 crypto-loot.com 0.0.0.0 cryptoloot.pro 0.0.0.0 custom3hurricanedigitalmedia.com 0.0.0.0 d.oix.com 0.0.0.0 d.phormlabs.com 0.0.0.0 d2o9ozfswytaqz.cloudfront.net 0.0.0.0 dailynewstonight.com 0.0.0.0 dbios.org 0.0.0.0 dcproxy1.thrunet.com 0.0.0.0 definitial.info 0.0.0.0 deloitteca.com 0.0.0.0 desktoprepair.info 0.0.0.0 dhauzja511.co.cc 0.0.0.0 dietpharmacyrx.net 0.0.0.0 dingrigoguter.pro 0.0.0.0 dkspqpprnsmmte.com 0.0.0.0 dl.liteflashedgemain.bid 0.0.0.0 dl.newflashenter.review 0.0.0.0 dl.provesoftware.review 0.0.0.0 dmn2.bjpeu.edu.cn 0.0.0.0 dns2.net1.it 0.0.0.0 documents-signature.com 0.0.0.0 doors.co.kr 0.0.0.0 download.abetterinternet.com 0.0.0.0 drc-group.net 0.0.0.0 dubstep.onedumb.com 0.0.0.0 e-kasa.w8w.pl 0.0.0.0 east.05tz2e9.com 0.0.0.0 efreedom.net 0.0.0.0 emergingupdates.com 0.0.0.0 en.likefever.org # Facebook trojan 0.0.0.0 enterprise.telesat.com.co 0.0.0.0 enteryouremail.net 0.0.0.0 eol1.egyptonline.com 0.0.0.0 err1.9939118.info 0.0.0.0 err2.9939118.info 0.0.0.0 err3.9939118.info 0.0.0.0 error-warning - alert- critical - 5x.com 0.0.0.0 errx049.icu 0.0.0.0 etr-interac.com 0.0.0.0 eviboli576.o-f.com 0.0.0.0 exasked.com 0.0.0.0 expertland.net 0.0.0.0 expired-antiviruses.com 0.0.0.0 extinstalls.icu 0.0.0.0 f05098.privacy4browsers.com 0.0.0.0 f150123.privacy4browsing.com 0.0.0.0 f18085.privacy4browsers.com 0.0.0.0 facebook - repto1040s2.ahlamountada.com 0.0.0.0 faceboook -replyei0ki.montadalitihad.com 0.0.0.0 facemail.com 0.0.0.0 faeecb0ock.info 0.0.0.0 faggotry.com 0.0.0.0 familyupport1.com 0.0.0.0 faridorighled .info 0.0.0.0 feaecebook.com 0.0.0.0 feedbackexplorer.com 0.0.0.0 fengyixin.com 0.0.0 .0 file - error - 09x38.gq 0.0.0.0 filezilla.fr 0.0.0.0 filosvybfimpsv.ru.gg 0.0.0.0 filter.mediacpc.com 0.0.0.0 firefox-updater.com 0.0.0.0 firefox.net-secure-update.icu 0.0.0.0 fndsdaytings.com 0.0.0.0 fr.apple.com-services-assistance-recuperations-des-comptes.com 0.0.0.0 free.internetspeedtracker.com 0.0.0.0 free.propdfconverter.com 0.0.0.0 free.videodownloadconverter.com 0.0.0.0 freecontent.bid 0.0.0.0 freedailydownload.com 0.0.0.0 froling.bee.pl 0.0.0.0 fromru.su 0.0.0.0 ftdownload.com 0.0.0.0 fu.golikeus.net # Facebook trojan 0.0.0.0 fumey.snelop.pw 0.0.0.0 fw433.npic.ac.cn 0.0.0.0 gadgetsytecnologia.com 0.0.0.0 gambero3.cs.tin.it 0.0.0.0 gamelights.ru 0.0.0.0 gasasthe.freehostia.com 0.0.0.0 gate.technopolis.kirov.ru 0.0.0.0 get-answers-fast.com 0.0.0.0 getnewsoft.bestfreesitetocontent.info 0.0.0.0 getsoftnow.smallandprecise2upgradesnew.review 0.0.0.0 getsoftnow.smallandprecise2upgradingnew.review 0.0.0.0 gglcash4u.info # twitter worm 0.0.0.0 gigaonclick.com 0.0.0.0 gimp.es 0.0.0.0 girlownedbypolicelike.blogspot.com # Facebook trojan 0.0.0.0 go.deliverymodo.com 0.0.0.0 goggle.com 0.0.0.0 goobbe.com 0.0.0.0 gorensin.info 0.0.0.0 gparted .fr 0.0.0.0 greatarcadehits.com 0.0.0.0 greeninst.com 0.0.0.0 greenshot.fr 0.0.0.0 grooveshark.fr 0.0.0.0 guisuaphical .work 0.0.0.0 gyros.es 0.0.0.0 h1317070.stratoserver.net 0.0.0.0 h9tkd.rdtk.io 0.0.0.0 hackerz.ir 0.0.0.0 hajoopteg.com 0.0.0.0 hakerzy.net 0.0.0.0 hakuba.janis.or.jp 0.0.0.0 hallaert.online 0.0.0.0 handbrake.es 0.0.0.0 hashing.win 0.0.0.0 hatrecord.ru # Facebook trojan 0.0.0.0 hcg82f2b.com 0.0.0.0 hellwert.biz 0.0.0.0 helpmedb.com 0.0.0.0 hieruu.apicultoresweb.com 0.0.0.0 himicrosoft.com 0.0.0.0 hintonsfeetred.info 0.0.0.0 honouncil.info 0.0.0.0 hotchix.servepics.com 0.0.0.0 how-tosolve.com 0.0.0.0 howtobuildsoftware.com 0.0.0.0 howupdateworks.beststubcontentsfrees.xyz 0.0.0.0 hp.myway.com 0.0.0.0 hsb-canada.com # phishing site for hsbc.ca 0.0.0.0 hsbconline.ca # phishing site for hsbc.ca 0.0.0.0 humption.info 0.0.0.0 icecars.com 0.0.0.0 idea21.org 0.0.0.0 ig.fp.oix.net 0.0.0.0 imms1.macau.ctm.net 0.0.0.0 indy.fjmu.edu.cn 0.0.0.0 infopaypal.com 0.0.0.0 informereng.com 0.0.0.0 inkscape.es 0.0.0.0 inkscape.fr 0.0.0.0 install.myvideotab.com 0.0.0.0 installmac.com 0.0.0.0 interac.refund-canada.com 0.0.0.0 invite.gezinti.com 0.0.0.0 ipadzu.net 0.0.0.0 ircleaner.com 0.0.0.0 irony.world 0.0.0.0 istartsurf.com 0.0.0.0 iswwwup.com 0.0.0.0 it.globalsweeps.info 0.0.0.0 itwititer.com 0.0.0.0 ity.elusmedic.ru 0.0.0.0 jajajaj - thats-you-really.com 0.0.0.0 janezk.50webs.co 0.0.0.0 jat01.iwantyourightnow.info 0.0.0.0 jbbwtetv.xyz 0.0.0.0 jqueryscript.net 0.0.0.0 jroqvbvw.info 0.0.0.0 jujitsu-ostrava.info 0.0.0.0 jump.ewoss.net 0.0.0.0 jur.unn.ac.ru 0.0.0.0 juste.ru # Twitter trojan 0.0.0.0 jyhfuqoh.info 0.0.0.0 kacstserv.kacst.edu.sa 0.0.0.0 kaytri.com 0.0.0.0 kczambians.com 0.0.0.0 kdowqlpt.info 0.0.0.0 keepass.com 0.0.0.0 keepass.fr 0.0.0.0 keepinfit.net 0.0.0.0 kentsucks.youcanoptout.com 0.0.0.0 keybinary.com
0.0.0.0 keyupgrade.thecentral2updating.bid 0.0.0.0 kirgo.at # Facebook phishing attempt 0.0.0.0 kitsjim.com 0.0.0.0 klowns4phun.com 0.0.0.0 known.counsellor.gov.cn 0.0.0.0 konflow.com # Facebook trojan 0.0.0.0 kplusd.far.ru 0.0.0.0 kpremium.com 0.0.0.0 kr.phorm.com 0.0.0.0 krakragames.com 0.0.0.0 kserv.krldysh.ru 0.0.0.0 la1dwne9cn5c.com 0.0.0.0 lacableshaw.com 0.0.0.0 lactofketharma.pro 0.0.0.0 laleh.itrc.ac.ir 0.0.0.0 lank.ru 0.0.0.0 lastworking.theforcontentingflashupgrade.icu 0.0.0.0 levenshteinanswer.com 0.0.0.0 licasd.com 0.0.0.0 lighthouse2k.com 0.0.0.0 like.likewut.net 0.0.0.0 likeportal.com # Facebook trojan 0.0.0.0 likespike.com # Facebook trojan 0.0.0.0 likethis.mbosoft.com # Facebook trojan 0.0.0.0 likethislist.biz # Facebook trojan 0.0.0.0 lilovakia.info 0.0.0.0 lingintirejohny.club 0.0.0.0 livecheck.theperfectsystoupdating.date 0.0.0.0 livecheck2update.thepointofforcontentingclear.bid 0.0.0.0 liveupdate.feednowforbrandnewcontestdistributor.win 0.0.0.0 load.jsecoin.com
0.0.0.0 loseweight.asdjiiw.com 0.0.0.0 lp.cleanmymac.online 0.0.0.0 lp.maccleanuptools.com 0.0.0.0 lp7.mobilescaner.today 0.0.0.0 lrt7a.coldcertainchannel.com 0.0.0.0 lucibad.home.ro 0.0.0.0 lucklayed .info 0.0.0.0 luxcart .ro 0.0.0.0 m0-s.san.ru 0.0.0.0 m01.oix.com 0.0.0.0 m01.oix.net 0.0.0.0 m01.webwise.com 0.0.0.0 m01.webwise.net 0.0.0.0 m01.webwise.org 0.0.0.0 m02.oix.com 0.0.0.0 m02.oix.net 0.0.0.0 m02.webwise.com 0.0.0.0 m02.webwise.net 0.0.0.0 m02.webwise.org 0.0.0.0 mac-os.apple.com-secured.online 0.0.0.0 mac-osx.message-warning.net 0.0.0.0 mac-protection.info 0.0.0.0 macmeasurmenthub.club 0.0.0.0 macmeasurmentpro.club 0.0.0.0 magento-analytics.com 0.0.0.0 mail-gw.jbic.go.jp 0.0.0.0 mail.bangla.net 0.0.0.0 mail.cyberh.fr 0.0.0.0 mail.edi.edu.cn 0.0.0.0 mail.hallym.ac.kr 0.0.0.0 mail.hangzhouit.gov.cn 0.0.0.0 mail.hz.zh.cn 0.0.0.0 mail.imamu.edu.sa 0.0.0.0 mail.interq.or.jp 0.0.0.0 mail.ioc.ac.ru 0.0.0.0 mail.issas.ac.cn 0.0.0.0 mail.pmo.ac.cn 0.0.0.0 mail.siom.ac.cn 0.0.0.0 mail.tropmet.res.in 0.0.0.0 mail.tsinghua.edu.cn 0.0.0.0 mail.youcanoptout.com 0.0.0.0 mail.youcanoptout.net 0.0.0.0 mail.youcanoptout.org 0.0.0.0 mail.zzu.edu.cn 0.0.0.0 mail1.371.net 0.0.0.0 mailgate.sbell.com.cn 0.0.0.0 mailgw.thtf.com.cn 0.0.0.0 mailhub.minaffet.gov.rw 0.0.0.0 mails.cneic.com.cn 0.0.0.0 mailscan3.cau.ctm.net 0.0.0.0 mailsrv02.macau.ctm.net 0.0.0.0 mailsvra.macau.ctm.net 0.0.0.0 main.exosrv.com 0.0.0.0 majoritishbettes.info 0.0.0.0 malware-live-pro-scanv1.com 0.0.0.0 marketgameland.com 0.0.0.0 massage-v-almaty.kz 0.0.0.0 maxi4.firstvds.ru 0.0.0.0 mbi3.kuicr.kyoto-u.ac.jp 0.0.0.0 mcd-su-2.mos.ru 0.0.0.0 media-match.com 0.0.0.0 megasurfin.com 0.0.0.0 menycosme.info 0.0.0.0 meta.osqa.net 0.0.0.0 metcoc5cm.clarent.com 0.0.0.0 metedbuenge.info 0.0.0.0 microsoft.com-it2-dye1.premi-fedelta-degli-utenti.us 0.0.0.0 microsoft.com-msoft52.info 0.0.0.0 microsoftsecurity-experts7565.xyz 0.0.0.0 microsoftsupport.com-support0206.info 0.0.0.0 microsoftsupport.xyz 0.0.0.0 miercuri.gq 0.0.0.0 minemytraffic.com 0.0.0.0 miner.pr0gramm.com 0.0.0.0 minero- proxy -01.now.sh 0.0.0.0 minero- proxy -02.now.sh 0.0.0.0 minero- proxy -03.now.sh 0.0.0.0 minero.pw 0.0.0.0 minestat.biz 0.0.0.0 minr.pw 0.0.0.0 mipsa.ciae.ac.cn 0.0.0.0 mn.mn.co.cu 0.0.0.0 mobile-antivirus.club 0.0.0.0 mobpushup.com 0.0.0.0 mojn.com 0.0.0.0 monitor.phorm.com 0.0.0.0 monkeyball.osa.pl 0.0.0.0 most.cob.net.ba 0.0.0.0 movies.701pages.com 0.0.0.0 mp3red.cc 0.0.0.0 mpkhi-bk.multi.net.pk 0.0.0.0 mplayerdownloader.com 0.0.0.0 ms127.0.0.101341.club 0.0.0.0 msgstore2.pldtprv.net 0.0.0.0 mshelp247.weebly.com 0.0.0.0 mtccsun.imtech.ernet.in 0.0.0.0 murcia-ban.es 0.0.0.0 mv0129.stream 0.0.0.0 mx01.openinternetexchange.com 0.0.0.0 mx01.openinternetexchange.net 0.0.0.0 mx01.webwise.com 0.0.0.0 mx03.phorm.com 0.0.0.0 mx1.freemail.ne.jp 0.0.0.0 my-uq.com 0.0.0.0 mylike.co.uk # Facebook trojan 0.0.0.0 myornamenti.com 0.0.0.0 myprivateemails.com 0.0.0.0 n02.unternehmen.com 0.0.0.0 nactx.com 0.0.0.0 naenticle.info 0.0.0.0 nameketathar .pro 0.0.0.0 natashyabaydesign.com 0.0.0.0 navegador.oi.com.br 0.0.0.0 navegador.telefonica.com.br 0.0.0.0 nd11mx1-a-fixed.sancharnet.in 0.0.0.0 ndl1mc1-a-fixed.sancharnet.in 0.0.0.0 ndl1mx1-a-fixed.sancharnet.in 0.0.0.0 ndl1pp1-a-fixed.sancharnet.in 0.0.0.0 net-secure-update.icu 0.0.0.0 netflix.apple-green.net 0.0.0.0 new -dating-2012.info 0.0.0.0 new-vid-zone-1.blogspot.com.au 0.0.0.0 newalways.easyfetmoredonefasterbysubmiting.download 0.0.0.0 newalways.findonnetnowplayersystem.info 0.0.0.0 newsmagic.net 0.0.0.0 newtips.co 0.0.0.0 newwayscanner.info 0.0.0.0 nextbestgame.org 0.0.0.0 no1.unternehemen.com 0.0.0.0 no3.unternehmen.org 0.0.0.0 notepad2.com 0.0.0.0 noteupgrade.themainplacesetnowforcontentsgo.win 0.0.0.0 notification-system.tools 0.0.0.0 novemberrainx.com 0.0.0.0 nowgetsoft.pushingnewforcontentsafeload.download 0.0.0.0 nowinstallupgrade.goodcentralupdatesall.bid 0.0.0.0 ns.cac.com.cn 0.0.0.0 ns.huawei.com.cn 0.0.0.0 ns.nint.ac.cn 0.0.0.0 ns1.2911.net 0.0.0.0 ns1.multi.net.pk 0.0.0.0 ns1.oix.com 0.0.0.0 ns1.oix.net 0.0.0.0 ns1.openinternetexchange.com 0.0.0.0 ns1.phorm.com 0.0.0.0 ns1.webwise.com 0.0.0.0 ns1.webwise.net 0.0.0.0 ns1.webwise.org 0.0.0.0 ns2.oix.com 0.0.0.0 ns2.oix.net 0.0.0.0 ns2.openinternetexchange.com 0.0.0.0 ns2.phorm.com 0.0.0.0 ns2.rosprint.ru 0.0.0.0 ns2.webwise.com 0.0.0.0 ns2.webwise.net 0.0.0.0 ns2.webwise.org 0.0.0.0 ns2.xidian.edu.cn 0.0.0.0 ns2.youcanoptout.com 0.0.0.0 ns3.openinternetexchange.com 0.0.0.0 ntralpenedhy.pro 0.0.0.0 nufindings.info 0.0.0.0 o3sndvzo25.com 0.0.0.0 oferty-online.com 0.0.0.0 office.officenet.co.kr 0.0.0.0 oi.webnavegador.com.br 0.0.0.0 oix - stage.net 0.0.0.0 oix.com 0.0.0.0 oix.net 0.0.0.0 oix.phorm.com 0.0.0.0 oixcrv-lab.net 0.0.0.0 oixcrv-stage.net 0.0.0.0 oixcrv.net 0.0.0.0 oixpre-stage.net 0.0.0.0 oixpre.net 0.0.0.0 oixssp-lab.net 0.0.0.0 oixssp.net 0.0.0.0 oj.likewut.net 0.0.0.0 onclickprediction.com 0.0.0.0 online-antispym4.com 0.0.0.0 onlineupdate.smallandprecise4update.download 0.0.0.0 onlinewebfind.com 0.0.0.0 oo-na-na-pics.com 0.0.0.0 opcwdns.opcw.nl 0.0.0.0 openinternetexchange.com 0.0.0.0 openinternetexchange.net 0.0.0.0 openoverflow.com 0.0.0.0 opserver01.iti.net.pk 0.0.0.0 orange.npix.net 0.0.0.0 ordersildenafil.com 0.0.0.0 orion.platino.gov.ve 0.0.0.0 osqa.net 0.0.0.0 otsserver.com 0.0.0.0 outerinfo.com 0.0.0.0 outlets-online.pl 0.0.0.0 outweb.nudt.edu.cn 0.0.0.0 p.algovid.com 0.0.0.0 p.ttwitter.com 0.0.0.0 pacificnet.xyz 0.0.0.0 paincake.yoll.net 0.0.0.0 paintnet.es 0.0.0.0 paintnet.fr 0.0.0.0 pc-scanner16.com 0.0.0.0 pc-virus - k7d4v9.online 0.0.0.0 pchealthcheckup.net 0.0.0.0 pcnetworkreliablecloudservices.online 0.0.0.0 pdns.nudt.edu.cn 0.0.0.0 personalantispy.com 0.0.0.0 petra.nic.gov.jo 0.0.0.0 phatthalung.go.th 0.0.0.0 phorm.biz.tr 0.0.0.0 phorm.ch 0.0.0.0 phorm.cl 0.0.0.0 phorm.co.in 0.0.0.0 phorm.co.uk 0.0.0.0 phorm.com 0.0.0.0 phorm.com.br 0.0.0.0 phorm.com.es 0.0.0.0 phorm.com.mx 0.0.0.0 phorm.com.tr 0.0.0.0 phorm.dk 0.0.0.0 phorm.es 0.0.0.0 phorm.hk 0.0.0.0 phorm.in 0.0.0.0 phorm.info.tr 0.0.0.0 phorm.jp 0.0.0.0 phorm.kr 0.0.0.0 phorm.nom.es 0.0.0.0 phorm.org.es 0.0.0.0 phorm.ro 0.0.0.0 phorm.tv.tr 0.0.0.0 phorm.web.tr 0.0.0.0 phormchina.com 0.0.0.0 phormdev.com 0.0.0.0 phormdiscover.com 0.0.0.0 phormkorea.com 0.0.0.0 phormlabs.com 0.0.0.0 phormprivacy.com 0.0.0.0 phormservice.com 0.0.0.0 phormsolution.com 0.0.0.0 phpancake.com 0.0.0.0 picture-uploads.com 0.0.0.0 pigredoben12.sytes.net 0.0.0.0 pilltabletsrxbargain.net 0.0.0.0 play6932.fuckingmonday113.agency 0.0.0.0 pop.net21pk.com 0.0.0.0 post.netchina.com.cn 0.0.0.0 postbox.mos.ru 0.0.0.0 powabcyfqe.com 0.0.0.0 pple.com.virus-mac.com 0.0.0.0 ppoi.org 0.0.0.0 predictiondisplay.com 0.0.0.0 predictivadnetwork.com 0.0.0.0 premium - live-scan.com 0.0.0.0 premiumvideoupdates.com 0.0.0.0 prk.roverinvolv.bid 0.0.0.0 prm-ext.phorm.com 0.0.0.0 products - gold.net 0.0.0.0 proflashdata.com # Facebook trojan 0.0.0.0 projectpoi.com 0.0.0.0 protectionupdatecenter.com 0.0.0.0 provenfeedback.com 0.0 . 0.0 public2.zz.ha.cn 0.0.0.0 puush .in 0.0.0.0 pv.wantsfly.com 0.0.0.0 pyilgdamion.city 0.0.0.0 qbittorrent.com 0.0.0.0 qenabled.com 0.0.0.0 qip.ru 0.0.0.0 qy.corrmedic.ru 0.0.0.0 randki-sex.com 0.0.0.0 rayo.pereira.multi.net.co 0.0.0.0 rd.alphabirdnetwork.com 0.0.0.0 reacherinst.com 0.0.0.0 readheadstick.biz 0.0.0.0 readyupdate.thelatestmostreadytocontentgetnowfast.top 0.0.0.0 regardens.info 0.0.0.0 repairintenselyprecisefile.icu 0.0.0.0 reward-survey.net 0.0.0.0 reward5363.hardmonday53.agency 0.0.0.0 rickrolling.com 0.0.0.0 rocks.io 0.0.0.0 roifmd.info 0.0.0.0 romdiscover.com 0.0.0.0 rootbuzz.com 0.0.0.0 rpmdo.com 0.0.0.0 rtc.romdiscover.com 0.0.0.0 runtnc.net 0.0.0.0 rusinlepading .pro 0.0.0.0 russian-sex.com 0.0.0.0 ry.znvzzptgblovers.download 0.0.0.0 ryanrhodes.net 0.0.0.0 s-41.algovid.com 0.0.0.0 s.pubmine.com 0.0.0.0 s4d.in 0.0.0.0 safedownloadcenter.com 0.0.0.0 safedownloadsrus166.com 0.0.0.0 sazadubo48.bid 0.0.0.0 sc-spyware.com 0.0.0.0 scan.antispyware-free-scanner.com 0.0.0.0 scanner.best-click-av1.info 0.0.0.0 scanner.best-protect.info 0.0.0.0 scottishstuff-online.com # Canadian bank phishing site 0.0.0.0 screenaddict.thewhizproducts.com 0.0.0.0 scribe.ttwitter.com 0.0.0.0 scribus.fr 0.0.0.0 sea.net.edu.cn 0.0.0.0 search.buzzdock.com 0.0.0.0 search.conduit.com 0.0.0.0 search.privitize.com 0.0.0.0 secret.xn--oogle-wmc.com 0.0.0.0 securedliveuploads.com 0.0.0.0 securitas232maximus.xyz 0.0.0.0 securitas25 maximus.xyz 0.0.0.0 securitas493maximus.xyz 0.0.0.0 securitas611maximus.xyz 0.0.0.0 security - alert.wz6l9nmd.top 0.0.0.0 security - alert.zs2vm.top 0.0.0.0 securityandroidupdate.dinamikaprinting.com 0.0.0.0 securityscan.us 0.0.0.0 sedatorslegallock.info 0.0.0.0 sedesol.sedesol.gob.mx 0.0.0.0 seeques.com 0.0.0.0 segob.gob.mx 0.0.0.0 servamain.ddns.net 0.0.0.0 settingupdate.yourgoodflashupgradingmain.icu 0.0.0.0 setupupgrade12.thepointofforcontentingperfect.win 0.0.0.0 sexymarissa.net 0.0.0.0 shapado.com 0.0.0.0 shawinternets.com 0.0.0.0 shell.xhhow4.com 0.0.0.0 shop.skin-safety.com 0.0.0.0 shoppstop.comood.opsource.net 0.0.0.0 signin-ebay-com-ws-ebayisapi-dll-signin-webscr.ocom.pl 0.0.0.0 simplyfwd.com 0.0.0.0 sincentre.info 0.0.0.0 sinera.org 0.0.0.0 sjguild.com 0.0.0.0 sky.kies.co.kr 0.0.0.0 smile-angel.com 0.0.0.0 smmu-ipv6.smmu.edu.cn 0.0.0.0 smtp.2911.net 0.0.0.0 smtp.macau.ctm.net 0.0.0.0 sn-gate.com 0.0.0.0 soclone.com 0.0.0.0 softnewready.systemgeneratorofbrandnewcontent.date 0.0.0.0 softreadynow.thebigforeverupgrade.review 0.0.0.0 softreadynow.thereadysetandgoforcontentprepared.trade 0.0.0.0 softupdate.biggerupgradeforplayer.info 0.0.0.0 software-updates.co 0.0.0.0 software-wenc.co.cc 0.0.0.0 softwareupdate.thebestevercentralsystoupdate.stream 0.0.0.0 solutionscore.com 0.0.0.0 solveseek.com 0.0.0.0 sonatns.sonatrach.dz 0.0.0.0 sousay.info 0.0.0.0 sparc.nour.net.sa 0.0.0.0 speedtestbeta.com 0.0.0.0 sps01.office.ctm.net 0.0.0.0 squartera.info 0.0.0.0 stackoverflow.dluat.com 0.0.0.0 stackoverflow.hex1.ru 0.0.0.0 stackoverflow.xyz 0.0.0.0 stacksee.lastestapk.com 0.0.0.0 standardsandpraiserepurpose.com 0.0.0.0 start.qip.ru 0.0.0.0 stats.oix.com 0.0.0.0 statutorjuihui.site 0.0.0.0 stellarium.fr 0.0.0.0 stopphoulplay.com 0.0.0.0 stopphoulplay.net 0.0.0.0 storeoverlylatestapplication.best 0.0.0.0 suddenplot.com 0.0.0.0 sunhe.jinr.ru 0.0.0.0 superegler.net 0.0.0.0 supernaturalart.com 0.0.0.0 superprotection10.com 0.0.0.0 support.com-support-help.online 0.0.0.0 susm0q6jys.com 0.0.0.0 sussi.cressoft.com.pk 0.0.0.0 sverd.net 0.0.0.0 sweet55ium55.com 0.0.0.0 syndication.exosrv.com 0.0.0.0 system-kernel-disk-errorx001dsxx-microsoft-windows.55errors5353.net 0.0.0.0 tahoesup.com 0.0.0.0 tanieaukcje.com 0.0.0.0 taniezakupy.pl 0.0.0.0 tattooshaha.info # Facebook trojan 0.0.0.0 taxi-petr.by 0.0.0.0 teamdzsn.beget.tech 0.0.0.0 tech9638514.ru 0.0.0.0 technicalconsumerreports.com 0.0.0.0 technology - revealed.com 0.0.0.0 techques.com 0.0.0.0 telefonica.webnavegador.com.br 0.0.0.0 terra.fp.oix.net 0.0.0.0 test.ishvara-yoga.com 0.0.0.0 testupgrade.yourforcontentsplaysystems.icu 0.0.0.0 thebestgame2020.com 0.0.0.0 thedatesafe.com # Facebook trojan 0.0.0.0 themoneyclippodcast.com 0.0.0.0 themusicnetwork.co.uk 0.0.0.0 thinstall.abetterinternet.com 0.0.0.0 thunderbird.es 0.0.0.0 tiku.io 0.0.0.0 tipsforall.xyz 0.0.0.0 tivvitter.com 0.0.0.0 toknowall.com 0.0.0.0 tomorrownewstoday.com # I 'm not sure what it does , but it seems to be associated with a phishing attempt on Facebook 0.0.0.0 toolbarbest.biz 0.0.0.0 toolbarbucks.biz 0.0.0.0 toolbarcool.biz 0.0.0.0 toolbardollars.biz 0.0.0.0 toolbarmoney.biz 0.0.0.0 toolbarnew.biz 0.0.0.0 toolbarsale.biz 0.0.0.0 toolbarweb.biz 0.0.0.0 toptypeonlinetheclicks.icu 0.0.0.0 torjackan.info 0.0.0.0 tracking.vcommission.com 0.0.0.0 traffic.adwitty.com 0.0.0.0 trialreg.com 0.0.0.0 trovi.com 0.0.0.0 truecrypt.fr 0.0.0.0 trustedmaccleaner.com 0.0.0.0 tuniaf.com 0.0.0.0 tvshowslist.com 0.0.0.0 twitter.login.kevanshome.org 0.0.0.0 twitter.secure.bzpharma.net 0.0.0.0 tx.micro.net.pk 0.0.0.0 uawj.moqhixoz.cn 0.0.0.0 ufpcdn.com 0.0.0.0 ughmvqf.spitt.ru 0.0.0.0 ui.oix.net 0.0.0.0 ultra2.tsinghua.edu.cn 0.0.0.0 unetbootin.net 0.0.0.0 unetbootin.org 0.0.0.0 unk.vver.kiae.rr 0.0.0.0 unknown.counsellor.gov.cn 0.0.0.0 update.theplacetoupdating.pw 0.0.0.0 update4now.yourfine2updatesgo.best 0.0.0.0 updateauto.preparevideosafesystem4unow.site 0.0.0.0 updateauto.preparevideosafesystem4unow.space 0.0.0.0 upgrade.themainplacesetnowforcontentingnew.bid 0.0.0.0 upgradeget.thegreatforupdatesafemove.download 0.0.0.0 uqz.com 0.0.0.0 users16.jabry.com 0.0.0.0 utenti.lycos.it 0.0.0.0 v1.your-notification.tools 0.0.0.0 vast.btrll.com 0.0.0.0 vcipo.info 0.0.0.0 vedoriska.com 0.0.0.0 velowilenlitt.pro 0.0.0.0 venturead.com 0.0.0.0 versionsupport.thebig-centeralplacecontentgreat.date 0.0.0.0 videoamp.com 0.0.0.0 videos.dskjkiuw.com 0.0.0.0 videos.twitter.secure-logins01.com
# twitter worm ( http://mashable.com/2009/09/23/twitter-worm-dms/) 0.0.0.0 vip.fortunatetime.xyz 0.0.0.0 virus-notice.com 0.0.0.0 voyager1.telesat.com.co 0.0.0.0 vxiframe.biz 0.0.0.0 w.oix.net 0.0.0.0 w3facility.org 0.0.0.0 wait3sec.org 0.0.0.0 waldenfarms.com 0.0.0.0 waudeesestew.com 0.0.0.0 web-ccfr.tsinghua.edu.cn 0.0.0.0 webassembly.stream 0.0.0.0 weblover.info 0.0.0.0 webnavegador.com.br 0.0.0.0 webnetra.entelnet.bo 0.0.0.0 webpaypal.com 0.0.0.0 webserv.mos.ru 0.0.0.0 webwise.com 0.0.0.0 webwise.net 0.0.0.0 webwise.org 0.0.0.0 wellsfarg0-onllne.net 0.0.0.0 wenda.io 0.0.0.0 west.05tz2e9.com 0.0.0.0 westerdayeol.site 0.0.0.0 wetransf.online 0.0.0.0 wewillrocknow.com 0.0.0.0 whenupgrade.yourmainsourceforcontentprepared.win 0.0.0.0 whenvideoup.thebigandfreesystemupdate.website 0.0.0.0 whenvideoup.thebigandfreesystemupdating.date 0.0.0.0 wikidevs.com 0.0.0.0 willysy.com 0.0.0.0 win-phone - 14.com 0.0.0.0 winsupportit.club 0.0.0.0 wk4x5rdtoz2tn0.com 0.0.0.0 wm.maxysearch.info 0.0.0.0 womo.corrmedic.ru 0.0.0.0 wrontonshatbona.pro 0.0.0.0 ws.xjb.ac.cn 0.0.0.0 ws05.crypto-loot.com 0.0.0.0 ws06.crypto-loot.com 0.0.0.0 ws07.crypto-loot.com 0.0.0.0 ws08.crypto-loot.com 0.0.0.0 ws09.crypto-loot.com 0.0.0.0 ws23.crypto-loot.com 0.0.0.0 ws24.crypto-loot.com 0.0.0.0 ws25.crypto-loot.com 0.0.0.0 ws42.crypto-loot.com 0.0.0.0 ws48.crypto-loot.com 0.0.0.0 ws49.crypto-loot.com 0.0.0.0 ws50.crypto-loot.com 0.0.0.0 wwnc.xyz 0.0.0.0 www.1tracksource.online 0.0.0.0 www.3tsdaq8viz.us 0.0.0.0 www.7zip.fr 0.0.0.0 www.a2uu36g43l.download 0.0.0.0 www.abetterinternet.com 0.0.0.0 www.activeindexer.com 0.0.0.0 www.adblock.fr 0.0.0.0 www.adshufffle.com 0.0.0.0 www.adwords.google.lloymlincs.com 0.0.0.0 www.afantispy.com 0.0.0.0 www.airadmins.com 0.0.0.0 www.akoneplatit.sk 0.0.0.0 www.allhqpics.com # Facebook trojan 0.0.0.0 www.alrpost69.com 0.0.0.0 www.anatol.com 0.0.0.0 www.apple.com-shield-guard.live 0.0.0.0 www.apple.com-speed-macbook.live 0.0.0.0 www.articlefuns.cn 0.0.0.0 www.articleidea.cn
0.0.0.0 www.asianread.com 0.0.0.0 www.audacity.es 0.0.0.0 www.audacity.fr 0.0.0.0 www.azureus.es 0.0.0.0 www.backsim.ru 0.0.0.0 www.bankingservices.xyz 0.0.0.0 www.bankofamerica.com.ok.am 0.0.0.0 www.be4life.ru 0.0.0.0 www.blender3d.fr 0.0.0.0 www.blenz-me.net 0.0.0.0 www.bumerang.cc 0.0.0.0 www.cablyshaw.com 0.0.0.0 www.cambonanza.com 0.0.0.0 www.canadianshawid.com 0.0.0.0 www.caramail.com 0.0.0.0 www.celestia.es 0.0.0.0 www.celestia.fr 0.0.0.0 www.chelick.net # Facebook trojan 0.0.0.0 www.clearalgorithm.com 0.0.0.0 www.clonezilla.es 0.0.0.0 www.clonezilla.fr 0.0.0.0 www.coinimp.com 0.0.0.0 www.commercialclientsgroup.ru 0.0.0.0 www.compufixshop.com 0.0.0.0 www.cryptoloot.pro 0.0.0.0 www.didata.bw 0.0.0.0 www.dietsecret.ru 0.0.0.0 www.displaybrowser.com 0.0.0.0 www.earthwax.top 0.0.0.0 www.elemntindexer.com 0.0.0.0 www.eroyear.ru 0.0.0.0 www.exbays.com 0.0.0.0 www.faggotry.com 0.0.0.0 www.feaecebook.com 0.0.0.0 www.fictioncinema.com 0.0.0.0 www.filezilla.fr 0.0.0.0 www.findalgorithm.com 0.0.0.0 www.fischereszter.hu 0.0.0.0 www.flexibleadmin.com 0.0.0.0 www.freecontent.bid 0.0.0.0 www.freedailydownload.com 0.0.0.0 www.frequencyscheduler.com 0.0.0.0 www.froling.bee.pl 0.0.0.0 www.gacatl.com 0.0.0.0 www.gezinti.com 0.0.0.0 www.gimp.es 0.0.0.0 www.globalbuffer.com 0.0.0.0 www.gns-consola.com 0.0.0.0 www.goggle.com 0.0.0.0 www.gozatar.com 0.0.0.0 www.gparted.fr 0.0.0.0 www.greenshot.fr 0.0.0.0 www.grooveshark.fr 0.0.0.0 www.grouphappy.com 0.0.0.0 www.hajoopteg.com 0.0.0.0 www.hakerzy.net 0.0.0.0 www.hallaert.online 0.0.0.0 www.handbrake.es 0.0.0.0 www.haoyunlaid.com 0.0.0.0 www.hashing.win 0.0.0.0 www.hyvf65qiht.us 0.0.0.0 www.icecars.com 0.0.0.0 www.indesignstudioinfo.com 0.0.0.0 www.indexerflash.com 0.0.0.0 www.infopaypal.com 0.0.0.0 www.informereng.com 0.0.0.0 www.inkscape.es 0.0.0.0 www.inkscape.fr 0.0.0.0 www.irony.world 0.0.0.0 www.kbdiu5z8ah.us 0.0.0.0 www.keepass.com 0.0.0.0 www.keepass.fr 0.0.0.0 www.keybinary.com 0.0.0.0 www.kinomarathon.ru 0.0.0.0 www.knowinteractive.com 0.0.0.0 www.kpremium.com 0.0.0.0 www.launchbuffer.com 0.0.0.0 www.likeportal.com # Facebook trojan 0.0.0.0 www.likespike.com # Facebook trojan 0.0.0.0 www.likethis.mbosoft.com # Facebook trojan 0.0.0.0 www.likethislist.biz # Facebook trojan 0.0.0.0 www.locatorprotocol.com 0.0.0.0 www.lomalindasda.org # Facebook trojan 0.0.0.0 www.lovecouple.ru 0.0.0.0 www.lovetrust.ru 0.0.0.0 www.macaheadapps.com 0.0.0.0 www.magento-analytics.com 0.0.0.0 www.mikras.nl 0.0.0.0 www.minr.pw 0.0.0.0 www.monkeyball.osa.pl 0.0.0.0 www.monsonis.net 0.0.0.0 www.movie-port.ru 0.0.0.0 www.mplayerdownloader.com 0.0.0.0 www.mshelp247.weebly.com 0.0.0.0 www.mylike.co.uk # Facebook trojan 0.0.0.0 www.mylovecards.com 0.0.0.0 www.nine2rack.in 0.0.0.0 www.notepad2.com 0.0.0.0 www.novemberrainx.com 0.0.0.0 www.nu26.com 0.0.0.0 www.objectopoly.info 0.0.0.0 www.oix.com 0.0.0.0 www.oix.net 0.0.0.0 www.onlyfreeoffersonline.com 0.0.0.0 www.openinternetexchange.com 0.0.0.0 www.oreidofitilho.com.br 0.0.0.0 www.originscheduler.com 0.0.0.0 www.otsserver.com 0.0.0.0 www.paintnet.es 0.0.0.0 www.paintnet.fr 0.0.0.0 www.pay-pal.com-cgibin-canada.4mcmeta4v.cn 0.0.0.0 www.phormlabs.com 0.0.0.0 www.picture-uploads.com 0.0.0.0 www.portaldimensional.com 0.0.0.0 www.poxudeli.ru 0.0.0.0 www.ppoi.org 0.0.0.0 www.presidency.site 0.0.0.0 www.proflashdata.com # Facebook trojan 0.0.0.0 www.puush.in 0.0.0.0 www.pyilgdamion.city 0.0.0.0 www.qbittorrent.com 0.0.0.0 www.randki-sex.com 0.0.0.0 www.remotepartition.com 0.0.0.0 www.rickrolling.com 0.0.0.0 www.russian-sex.com 0.0.0.0 www.schedmemory.com 0.0.0.0 www.scotiaonline.scotiabank.salferreras.com 0.0.0.0 www.scribus.fr 0.0.0.0 www.sdlpgift.com 0.0.0.0 www.securityscan.us 0.0.0.0 www.servertasarimbu.com 0.0.0.0 www.sexytiger.ru 0.0.0.0 www.shinilchurch.net # domain was hacked and had a trojan installed 0.0.0.0 www.simplyhelper.com 0.0.0.0 www.sinera.org 0.0.0.0 www.siom.ac.cn 0.0.0.0 www.speedtestbeta.com 0.0.0.0 www.stellarium.fr 0.0.0.0 www.stopphoulplay.com
0.0.0.0 www.systempartition.com 0.0.0.0 www.taba.site 0.0.0.0 www.tanger.com.br 0.0.0.0 www.tattooshaha.info # Facebook trojan 0.0.0.0 www.te81.net 0.0.0.0 www.thedatesafe.com # Facebook trojan 0.0.0.0 www.thunderbird.es 0.0.0.0 www.trucktirehotline.com 0.0.0.0 www.truecrypt.fr 0.0.0.0 www.tvshowslist.com 0.0.0.0 www.unetbootin.net 0.0.0.0 www.unetbootin.org 0.0.0.0 www.upgradebasic.com 0.0.0.0 www.upgradeexplorer.com 0.0.0.0 www.upi6.pillsstore-c.com # Facebook trojan 0.0.0.0 www.uqz.com 0.0.0.0 www.urldelivery.com 0.0.0.0 www.vb1rc5l52n.us 0.0.0.0 www.venturead.com 0.0.0.0 www.via99.org 0.0.0.0 www.videolove.clanteam.com 0.0.0.0 www.videostan.ru 0.0.0.0 www.vippotexa.ru 0.0.0.0 www.wantsfly.com 0.0.0.0 www.webassembly.stream 0.0.0.0 www.webpartition.com 0.0.0.0 www.webpaypal.com 0.0.0.0 www.webwise.com 0.0.0.0 www.webwise.net 0.0.0.0 www.webwise.org 0.0.0.0 www.weknow.ac 0.0.0.0 www.wellsfarg0-onllne.net 0.0.0.0 www.wewillrocknow.com 0.0.0.0 www.willysy.com 0.0.0.0 www.youcanoptout.com 0.0.0.0 www.youcanoptout.net 0.0.0.0 www.youcanoptout.org 0.0.0.0 www.youfiletor.com 0.0.0.0 www.zfn5wua2d1.online 0.0.0.0 www.zoominnovate.online 0.0.0.0 www1.bmo.com.hotfrio.com.br 0.0.0.0 www1.firesavez5.com 0.0.0.0 www1.firesavez6.com 0.0.0.0 www1.realsoft34.com 0.0.0.0 www2.activebestakamaiflash.icu 0.0.0.0 www2.anybestconcreteflash.icu 0.0.0.0 www2.fasterupconcreteflash.icu 0.0.0.0 www2.gettypegoldflash.club 0.0.0.0 www2.savedealoriginalaflash.icu 0.0.0.0 www2.setdealoriginalaflash.icu 0.0.0.0 www2.setoriginalgreataflash.icu 0.0.0.0 www2.settypesoftaflash.icu 0.0.0.0 www2.smallconcretetypeflash.world 0.0.0.0 www2.smalltypeconcreteflash.rocks 0.0.0.0 www2.topgoldhowflash.icu 0.0.0.0 www2.upgradebestonlineflash.icu 0.0.0.0 www2.yoursseparatebestaflash.icu 0.0.0.0 www21.counsellor.gov.cn 0.0.0.0 www4.gy7k.net 0.0.0.0 xbasfbno.info 0.0.0.0 xen-media.com 0.0.0.0 xfotosx01.fromru.su 0.0.0.0 xn--oogle-wmc.com 0.0.0.0 xponlinescanner.com 0.0.0.0 xpx7heciz9.com 0.0.0.0 xvrxyzba253.hotmail.ru 0.0.0.0 xxlargepop.com 0.0.0.0 xxyyzz.youcanoptout.com 0.0.0.0 ymail-activate1.bugs3.com 0.0.0.0 you - have -0ne-messsagehe0.top 0.0.0.0 youcanoptout.com 0.0.0.0 youcanoptout.net 0.0.0.0 youcanoptout.org 0.0.0.0 yourdailytrailer.yournewtab.com 0.0.0.0 yrwap.cn 0.0.0.0 zarozinski.info 0.0.0.0 zb1.zeroredirect1.com 0.0.0.0 zenigameblinger.org 0.0.0.0 zettapetta.com 0.0.0.0 zfotos.fromru.su 0.0.0.0 zip.er.cz 0.0.0.0 ztrf.net 0.0.0.0 zviframe.biz 0.0.0.0 zzhc.vnet.cn #</malware-sites > #< doubleclick-sites > # 0.0.0.0 pubads.g.doubleclick.net #interferes with video on cwtv.com 0.0.0.0 3ad.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 ad-emea.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 ad-g.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 ad-yt-bfp.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 ad.3au.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 ad.ae.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 ad.be.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 ad.br.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 ad.de.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 ad.dk.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 ad.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 ad.es.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 ad.fi.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 ad.fr.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 ad.it.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 ad.jp.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 ad.mo.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 ad.n2434.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 ad.nl.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 ad.no.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 ad.nz.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 ad.pl.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 ad.se.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 ad.sg.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 ad.uk.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 ad.ve.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 ad.za.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 ad2.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 adclick.g.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 amn.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 cm.g.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 creative.cc-dt.com 0.0.0.0 doubleclick.com 0.0.0.0 doubleclick.de 0.0.0.0 doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 ebaycn.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 ebaytw.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 exnjadgda1.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 exnjadgda2.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 exnjadgds1.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 exnjmdgda1.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 exnjmdgds1.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 feedads.g.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 fls.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 gd1.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 gd10.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 gd11.doubleclick.net
0.0.0.0 gd12.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 gd13.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 gd14.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 gd15.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 gd16.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 gd17.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 gd18.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 gd19.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 gd2.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 gd20.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 gd21.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 gd22.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 gd23.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 gd24.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 gd25.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 gd26.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 gd27.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 gd28.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 gd29.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 gd3.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 gd30.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 gd31.doubleclick.net 0.0.0.0 gd4.doub
What is my rat doing ?
FAQ
1.0 Sounds rats make
1.1
Why is my rat making a grinding sound with its teeth ?
Rats grind their front teeth together producing a grinding sound called bruxing or chattering .
Rats probably grind their teeth together to wear them down ( a process called thegosis ) .
A rat 's incisors grow continuously .
This constant growth enables rats to spend their lives gnawing on things without wearing their teeth down to the gum .
But it also means that rats must use their teeth continually to keep them from growing too long , hence the tooth grinding .
Rats grind their teeth in times of stress .
For example , a pet rat may grind its teeth at the vet 's office , or during a tense interaction with another rat , or when the rat experiences pain .
Anecdotally , rats may also grind their teeth when they are relaxed , rather like purring in a cat .
To hear a sound clip of a rat bruxing and chattering , visit the Norway rat vocalizations page .
Here 's more on rat teeth .
Rats make a whole variety of vocalizations , including peeps , chirps , squeaks , and shrieks .
As a general rule , audible vocalizations are signs of protest or stress .
For example , a rat may peep a little while being petted by you or groomed by another rat , indicating mild protest .
Long squeaks produced during a tense interaction with another rat probably indicating distress .
A shriek or scream during a fight , or if its tail is pinched , probably indicate strong distress or pain .
Rats do emit sounds that are associated with pleasure , but these sounds are very high pitched and above our range of hearing .
To hear some of the different vocalizations rats make , visit the Norway rat vocalizations page .
Visit the vocal communication section of the Norway rat behavior repertoire .
More on rat hearing .
Occasionally , rats may hiss .
Hissing is usually a sign of distress and is given at times of stress .
For example , a rat may hiss during a tense social interaction with another rat .
2.0 Bizarre movements rats do
2.1
Why do my rat 's eyes bulge in and out ?
Sometimes , a rat 's eyes may vibrate rapidly in and out of the eye socket , a phenomenon called eye boggling .
This odd eyeball movement often occurs at the same time as bruxing , or tooth grinding .
The reason bruxing and eye boggling occur together is anatomical : a part of the muscle that pulls up the rat 's lower jaw passes through the eye socket , behind the eyeball .
When a rat grinds its teeth , it moves its lower jaw rapidly up and down , and the contractions of the jaw muscle vibrate the eyeball in and out of the socket in time with the jaw .
Eye boggling is associated with intense bruxing .
Anecdotally , eye boggling occurs at times of great contentment and relaxation .
The rat uses his whiskers to gain information about its surroundings through touch .
Using tiny muscles around each whisker , the rat sweeps its whiskers back and forth , brushing them over everything within a few inches of its face , and gleans an image of the world around it .
Sometimes whiskers touch the same object several times in a different place , providing a three dimensional picture of the object .
Whiskers are extremely sensitive , more sensitive than a human 's fingertips .
Rats use their whiskers to navigate , balance , find and discriminate food , and in social interactions with other rats .
At short distances rats use their whiskers more than their eyes to determine depth .
More on the world through a rat 's whiskers
2.3
Why does my female rat freeze and arch her back ?
Female rats freeze , arch their backs downward , push their rumps upwards , and move their tails to one side when they are in heat ( every 4 days or so ) .
This position is the female mating posture , called lordosis .
Lordosis makes copulation possible .
Lordosis is a reflex that is triggered by a touch on the flanks when the female is in heat .
This touch is supposed to come from a male rat as he mounts the female , but a human can trigger lordosis too by touching the female on the lower back when she is in heat .
Here 's more on rat reproductive behavior .
2.4
Why does my female rat vibrate her ears really fast ?
Sometimes , a female rat may vibrate her ears rapidly back and forth , sometimes called ear wiggling .
This vibration may be so rapid that her ears become a blur .
As with lordosis , ear vibration is a sign that the female rat is in heat .
The function of ear vibration is unknown , but it may be a signal of sexual availability that male rats find very attractive .
Here 's more on rat reproductive behavior .
2.5
Why does my rat wag its tail ?
Rats may " wag " or writhe their tails on the ground .
This action has many names , such as tail wagging , tail swishing , and tail writhing .
Tail wagging may involve the whole tail or as little as the tail tip .
The function of tail wagging is unknown in rats , but it appears to be associated with excitement and tension .
For example , rats may writhe their tails during aggressive encounters with each other , or when facing a predator .
Some rats , especially pink eyed albinos , often sway from side to side .
Albino rats have extremely poor vision , and this swaying may help them see better .
Dark - eyed rats may sway or bob their heads up and down too , though they tend to do so less frequently than albino rats .
Head bobbing in dark - eyed rats is usually seen before the rat takes a big jump .
Swaying may help the rat figure out how far away various objects are .
When a rat moves its head , the images of the objects around the rat move across its retina .
Close objects will move faster than far ones , a phenomenon known as motion parallax .
Rats may use such motion marallax cues to judge distance and depth .
For more on rat vision , see What do rats see ?
2.7
Why does my rat carry its tail in its mouth ?
A rat may pick up its tail in its mouth and carry it .
Tail carrying is a rare behavior that has not been well studied and is not well understood .
However , it may be a form of displaced maternal behavior .
A nesting rat deprived of normal nesting material may carry her own tail and try to build a nest with it .
A nursing mother rat may retrieve her own tail to the nest , like a pup .
3.0 Odd excretions
3.1
Why does my rat poop and pee when I pick it up ?
A rat that poops and urinates copiously when picked up is frightened and stressed .
Urination and defecation are common signs of stress , and may function to ( a ) void the animal of excess weight in preparation for flight , and in a prey animal such sudden excretion may ( b ) surprise or disgust a predator enough to drop the animal .
Humans do this too when extremely stressed or scared .
Rats may dab or smear drops of urine on the surfaces and objects they walk on , including yourself .
This is called urine marking , or scent marking .
Adult socially dominant males mark the most , but all adult rats , both males and females , scent mark to some extent .
Females tend to scent mark most right before they come into heat .
Scent marking is a complex form of chemical communication that has several functions .
It is a sexual signal that advertises the rat 's presence to other rats of the opposite sex .
Rats also use their own scent marks to denote areas that they have visited and are familiar with .
Scent marking may help them navigate , too .
It is unclear whether scent marking serves a territorial function .
If scent marking were territorial , then male urine should deter strange male rats from entering a marked area .
However , this is not always the case : sometimes male urine attracts male rats .
Therefore , it is unclear whether scent marking has a territorial function in rats or not .
3.3
What 's that red stuff around my rat 's eyes and nose ?
The red stuff sometimes seen around a rat 's eyes and nose is called porphyrin .
It is produced by a gland behind the eyeball and helps lubricate the eye .
Porphyrin naturally drains from the eye down into the nose through a small tear duct .
Small amounts of porphyrin seen every now and then are normal .
However , when a rat is stressed , it may overproduce porphyrin , which may overflow the eyelids and form a red crust around the eye .
Porphyrin may also overflow the nose , creating a red crust around the nostrils .
This condition is called chromodacryorrhea and is a sign of illness or stress .
For more , see Those red tears : porphyrin and the Norway rat
3.4 Can rats vomit ?
Rats cannot vomit : they cannot forcibly expel food from their stomachs .
On very rare occasions , however , rats may regurgitate , which means that digested food may flow passively from the stomach back into the esophagus .
Regurgitation is rare because rats have a very strong barrier between the stomach and esophagus .
For more , read
Why rats can't vomit
4.0 Group living
4.1
Why are my baby rats chasing and jumping on each other ?
Young rats chase each other , jump on each other , and pin each other to the ground .
They are play fighting .
Rats start play fighting at around 18 days of age .
Play fighting peaks at around 30 - 36 days of age , then declines .
In play fighting , the goal appears to be contact and defense of the rat 's nape .
If a rat succeeds in contacting an opponent 's nape , he nuzzles it gently with his snout .
Play fighting is not a good predictor of adult dominance hierarchies : the winner of play fights may or may not become turn into the winner of real fights .
Nor is play fighting necessarily " practice " for adult fighting , because the goals and tactics of adult fighting are different from play fighting .
Therefore , play fighting and adult fighting are related but separate activities .
For more , see Play fighting in male Norway rats .
4.2
Why are my adult rats chasing each other , boxing , sidling , rolling on their backs and squeaking ?
Rats reach puberty at around 5 - 6 weeks of age , but they reach social maturity at around 5 - 6 months of age .
At this age , male rats in particular start to behave more aggressively toward each other .
They shift from harmless play fighting into more serious adult fighting .
The consistent winner of such interactions imposes himself on the other members of the colony .
Humans describe this as as " becoming socially dominant . "
Once a dominance hierarchy is established , it may remain stable for a long period of time .
Adult fighting involves contact and defense of the rump .
If a rat manages to contact an opponent 's rump , he may try to nip or bite it .
A rat tries to hide his rump from attack by running away .
He may also stand and face the aggressor and maintain whisker - to - whisker contact with him ( called boxing ) , or by laying on the back to hide his rump .
As long as a rat keeps distance , or his whiskers , teeth or body between the attacker and his own rump , he has a higher chance of preventing an attack .
To counter the defensive boxing strategy , the attacker may drop to all fours and sidle forwards , and thus reach around and inflict a bite from the side .
To counter the belly - up strategy , the attacker may lay perpendicularly on top of the supine rat and try to dig under him to gain access to the rump .
Both domestic rats and wild rats fight using these strategies .
However , because domestic rats are often confined to a cage , fights between domestic rats may escalate more because fleeing is impossible .
Fights may also occur between resident rats and a strange rat introduced in their colony .
The resident dominant males presses most of these attacks , especially on male intruders .
Females may also attack intruders .
Aggression toward a stranger can be severe and sometimes fatal .
For more , see Aggression in Norway rats .
It is commonly believed among pet rat owners that when one rat urine marks another , he is claiming dominant status .
This urine = dominance belief is probably incorrect because all rats mark each other to some extent .
For example , juveniles mark adults , females mark males , males mark females , dominant males mark subordinates and subordinates mark dominants and each other .
It is unreasonable to assume that all such marks are claims of dominance .
Urine marking of fellow rats is probably a complex form of chemical communication whose meaning depends on the identity , age , and status of the marking and marked rat .
For example , females tend to urine mark aggressive males with high testosterone , possibly indicating that they prefer such males and would like to mate with them .
Young juveniles copiously mark adults , who mark them right back .
The copious urine marking by dominant males of subordinate rats is probably a feature of his dominance , rather than a cause of dominant status .
Through fighting and other behavioral strategies , the dominant rat has won the ability to impose himself on others .
The dominant male can therefore crawl over everyone else and urine mark them with relative impunity .
Subordinates cannot crawl over the dominant rat as frequently , but when they do manage to do so they deposit lots of urine on him .
Therefore , frequent urine marking of another rat is contingent on the ability to crawl over him .
The ability to crawl over another rat depends on the rat 's status , and the rat 's status depends on the outcome of past aggressive interactions .
Copious and frequent urine marking by the dominant male of other rats is therefore not a cause of his dominance , but an indicator or a consequence of his dominant status .
No .
Some rat owners advocate rubbing human urine on their pet rats in order to ' gain dominance ' over them and thus ( the theory goes ) stop aggression between rats .
This odd recommendation is known as the ' dixie cup method ' because you 're supposed to urinate in a small cup first .
This recommendation stems from a misunderstanding of rat urine marking .
It may also come from concepts borrowed from dog training literature on the controversial practice of ' gaining dominance ' over pet dogs .
However , there is no evidence to suggest that dabbing your own urine on a pet rat will stop a rat 's aggression toward other rats in the future .
For one , rat urine is a complex chemical signal that is intimately connected to the rat 's biochemistry .
Urine contains information about the rat 's species , sex , age , reproductive status , social status , and stress level .
This information can not be faked .
Humans produce human urine , not dominant rat urine .
Rats have a sophisticated sense of smell and are quite capable of telling the difference .
Secondly , urine marking by a rat does not catapult that rat into dominant status .
All rats urine mark each other to some extent : juveniles mark adults , females mark males , subordinates mark dominants .
These different types of marking have a variety of functions , many of which have nothing to do with social dominance ( e.g. adult marks serve as a sexual advertisement to the opposite sex ) .
Therefore , the mere act of urine marking does not automatically confer social dominance .
Lastly , the copious urine marking by a dominant adult male is a consequence of his dominant status , not a cause of that status : a dominant rat copiously marks subordinates because he is dominant .
The reverse notion , that rat becomes dominant by peeing on others , is false .
Instead , rats create their social order by engaging in multiple aggressive interactions over time .
A winner gradually emerges and seizes certain perks ( best sleeping spots , most matings , best treats ) , including the ability to walk over others with relative impunity .
All the rats walk over each other and deposit urine on each other 's fur from time to time , but subordinate rats can't walk over the dominant rat as often as he walks over them , so the net result is that he marks them more often than vice versa .
The winner 's urine chemistry and copious marking therefore reflect this new social reality .
So , what happens if you dab your own urine on a rat ?
The rat will probably sniff it curiously .
Other rats may come over and sniff it too .
After all , it 's a new smell .
It 's like you just handed them a book of personal information .
Then they 'll groom it off .
Rats are clean animals ; they do n't like foreign stuff on their fur .
End of story .
No .
The flip - and - pee method of " training " is advocated by some rat owners as a way to deal with rat aggression directed at the human owner or at other rats .
Here is an example of the method taken from a pet rat owner 's list .
In this case , an owner had recently obtained a juvenile rat that was lunging and biting the owner 's hands .
After struggling and squealing during a handling session the new rat jumped from the owner 's hands , ran right into another rat and attacked him .
The advice given was :
Take a tip from your big dude rat ... Show the little thug who is * really * in charge . [ snip ] .
Put some of your urine in a cup and set it aside .
Grab the little imp and flip him on his back , agressively scratch his belly and brush your urine on his nose and belly and sex organs ...
If he protests , yell : " NO ! " and continue to hold him on his back .
Release him .
If he gets up fast , throw him on his back and hold him till he squeaks .
When he gets up slowly , let him .
Do this several times a day when you feel like it and especially if he gets nippy .
[ Ratlist , April 2003 ]
There is no empirical support for the flip - and - pee method of training .
I 'm not sure where the idea originally came from -- perhaps from the controversial method of " getting dominance " over an aggressive dog .
The flip - and - pee method of rat punishment relies on deeply flawed ideas , such as :
As to whether the flip - and - pee method works , I hypothesize that a rat that is flipped over , held down , perhaps yelled at and rubbed with urine , would be startled into stopping what it was doing at the time and be cowed and withdrawn afterwards .
Not because it was " put in its place " socially , but because it was surprised , diverted and perhaps frightened by the human 's overbearing behavior .
In other words , the flip - and - pee action might act as a garden - variety negative reinforcement , like an electric shock .
( For further thoughts on this topic , visit Thoughts on human and rat ethology )
4.5
Why do rats sometimes eat their babies ?
Mothers , strange females , and strange males may commit infanticide , all for different reasons .
Most infanticide is directed at newborn infants .
A mother may kill deformed or wounded infants , possibly so she can allocate resources to the healthy pups who are more likely to survive .
A mother may kill her entire litter if she is stressed , thus recovering some of her energetic investment .
Malnourished mothers may cannibalize their litters , possibly to balance their diets .
A mother who has an abnormal birth experience , such as a c-section , may also kill her litter .
Normal full - term labor and delivery through the birth canal may be important for triggering the hormonal profile that accompanies maternal behavior , and these may be disrupted with a c-section , leading to abnormal maternal behavior and infanticide .
Mothers who are very young or very old may also commit infanticide .
Unrelated adult males may kill a litter to bring the mother back into heat faster so he can sire a litter of his own .
Unrelated adult females may kill a litter to gain food and to take over the nest .
In general , living with the mother reduces infanticide in other rats .
Unrelated females tend not to kill the litters of females they 've lived with , and may even participate in cooperative rearing .
Unrelated males tend not to kill the litter if they 've lived with the female during her pregnancy .
For more , see Infanticide in Norway rats .
Considering all the new music we have to sort through so far in the 21st century , we 've sure been focusing an awful lot lately on two of the biggest stars of the 20th .
Decades after their respective popular peaks , recent events reminded us , neither the Beatles nor Michael Jackson have loosened their grip on our imagination .
Yet one particular thing I noticed amidst the nostalgia surrounding the latest ( and likely last ) Beatles CD reissues , and Jackson 's sudden passing was a sense of resignation that the eras within which both stars emerged seem highly unlikely to happen again .
The Beatles , in 1963 - 64 and 1967 , and Michael Jackson in 1983 - 4 arguably represented for pop music what World Cups , the Olympics , and Super Bowls do for sports , and what blockbuster summer hits do for movies : the ability to command everyone 's attention at once .
The latest chapters of these two long - running pop narratives not only celebrated their art and pop-culture impact , but also -- with MJ posthumously topping the Billboard charts and millions preparing to shell out again for new copies of Revolver and more -- commemorated the ritual of paying for it .
It 's a way of framing these events that could only happen now , at a time when mp3s and file - sharing networks have allowed millions of disparate global collaborators to create the largest shadow economy in history , which has eaten away at the music industry like termites on the foundation of an old house .
In its place , an unstable infrastructure that has created infinite new demands for our attention , yet is far too unstable to support world - conquering superstars .
We 've all read the trend pieces and editorials lamenting the record industry 's poor decisions and crumbling business model , the fact that kids do n't value music anymore , and the outmoded strategies used to try to win back paying customers .
So omnipresent have these discussions become , in fact , that it 's possible the past 10 years could become the first decade of pop music to be remembered by history for its musical technology rather than the actual music itself .
This is a chastening thought , but at the same time we have to be careful not to overlook how the technologies we invent to deliver music also work to shape our perception of it .
When radio came along , its broadcasts created communities of music - listening strangers , physically distant from each other but connected through the knowledge that they were listening to the same song at the same time .
Where radio brought listeners together as a listening public , the LP started splitting them apart .
The LP and 45 rpm formats took the phonograph , which had been in existence for over half a century , to the masses , right as the American middle - class was going suburban and privatizing their lives .
We could then use musical objects like we'd been using literature and art for centuries prior : as collectibles , and signifiers of personal taste .
The emergence of the cassette -- the first sturdy , re-writeable music technology -- allowed us to " manufacture " our own music in the privacy of our own homes and recirculate it at our will , through mixtape trading and full - album dubbing .
By the early 1980s , home taping had become the latest fall guy for an industry trying to blame consumer delinquency for its slipping fortunes , rather than its own overspending .
The cassette " crisis " seems quaint when compared to the rise of the mp3 .
The first widespread music delivery technology to emanate from outside industry control , mp3s , flowing through peer - to - peer networks and other pathways hidden in plain sight , have performed the radical task of separating music from the music industry for the first time in a century .
They have facilitated the rise of an enormous pirate infrastructure ; ideologically separate from the established one , but feeding off its products , multiplying and distributing them freely , without following the century - old rules of capitalist exchange .
Capitalism has n't gone away , of course , but mp3s have severely threatened its habits and rituals within music culture .
There is nothing inherent or natural about paying for music , and the circulation of mp3s [ #script : http://pitchfork.com/media/backend/js/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/langs/en.js]|||||| > through unsanctioned networks reaffirms music as a social process driven by passion , not market logic or copyright .
Yet at the same time the Internet largely freed music from its packaged - good status and opened a realm of free - exchange , it also rendered those exciting new rituals very trackable .
In the same way that Facebook visually represents " having friends , " the mp3s coursing through file - sharing networks quantify the online social life of music by charting its path .
The social routines that take place around online music are visible data -- which makes them much more susceptible to intellectual property statutes than was the case with cassettes or CDs .
These changes are part of a social and economic shift that is both revolutionary in scope and potential but also reliant on very traditional ideas of interaction and production .
In the 19th century , the Industrial Revolution upended Western societies from their agrarian ways of life , distancing the average person from the means of production , and introduced what would later be called " modernity . "
In the late 20th century , the Internet quickly made this phase of communication and economics look quaint and distant .
This latest shift -- you can tell your grandkids you lived through it -- opens the possibility to freely create and distribute culture , with the idea of reaching a global audience .
Compared to the one - to - many model of last century , the current one , which is still coming into shape , gives us the capacity -- maybe even necessity -- to cheaply and easily collaborate , create , organize , and speak truth to power .
Technologically , it 's futuristic .
In terms of what it might hold for social organization , the roots are pre-modern , even ancient .
Let 's not get carried away , though .
A lot of forces would have to coalesce for any sort of revolution to happen .
More likely , it will take a while , as it did with radio and the phonograph , for mp3s to stabilize and reach a point where the old ways of doing things learn from the new tools .
The mess left by free digital music -- a collapsed industry , a rising generation of kids with a vastly different notion of musical " value " than their parents , a subset of that set with more eclectic tastes than a teenager should be capable of , and a wave of lawsuits that are going to appear increasingly surreal and ridiculous as they fall into history -- is going to take a while to sort out and clean up .
This is our attempt to survey the damage , assess the gains , and try to put the mp3's first full decade in perspective .
Keep in mind that while the mp3 is a radically new technology , it 's not a different musical medium :
The mp3 is still " recorded music " -- that 's not going to change until Apple unveils the iBrain -- but it 's recorded music that moves around very differently than ever before .
As a result , mp3s have opened up vast new musical horizons over the past 10 years -- how we discover it , the value we give to it , and how we see ourselves connected to other people through it -- that both depart from and build upon the innovations that came before it .
Everything 's still messy at the moment , but it 's not going to be this way forever -- a few decades from now , we 'll most likely find ourselves nostalgic for the mp3 decade .
Next > The MP3 Story Begins
Wir feiern unser Jubiläum mit der Kampagne ZUSAMMEN SIND WIR 100 und ganz besonderen Strick - Highlights als Hommage an 100 Jahre Strickkompetenz .
Entdecken
Sie jetzt unsere Jubiläums - Pieces – ikonische Styles , die MAERZ Muenchen geprägt haben und neue Special Pieces , die die heutige Ausrichtung unseres Unternehmens maßgeblich mitgestalten .
MAERZ Muenchen
Es gibt so vieles rund um MAERZ Muenchen zu erzählen , zu den besonderen Materialien , der innovativen Verarbeitung , der eigenen Strickerei in Ungarn und den Menschen hinter unseren Produkten .
1920 von Wolfgang März in München gegründet , haben wir uns immer tiefer in unsere Leidenschaft für Finest Knitwear verstrickt .
Wolle in die Waschmaschine ?
Mit unserem Original Merino Superwash machen wir das seit 1979 möglich .
Wolle im Sommer ?
Ja , denn unser Summer Merino wirkt temperatur - ausgleichend .
Diese besonders weiche „ cool wool " ist ideal auch für warme Tage .
Innovation und Qualität sind unser roter Faden .
So entwickelten wir uns von der kleinen Handstrick - Manufaktur zum international erfolgreichen Merino - Spezialisten .
Bis heute produzieren wir in unserer eigenen Strickerei und überwiegend in Europa .
Finest Knitwear since 1920 .
Qualität ist unsere Masche .
So einfach sind wir gestrickt – ganz im Gegensatz zu unseren Cardigans , Capes & Co. , in denen viel Knowhow und auch heute noch viel Handarbeit stecken .
In unserer eigenen Strickerei in Ungarn wirken feinste Naturmaterialien , moderne Technik und Mitarbeiter , die ein Händchen haben , im wahrsten Sinn zusammen .
Das Portfolio umfasst neben hochwertigen Pullovern , Strickjacken , Strickmänteln , Westen , Poloshirts , T - Shirts , Hemden und Blusen auch Accessoires wie Schals und Mützen .
Designed in Munich & Knitted in Europe , dafür steht der Großteil der MAERZ Muenchen Strickkollektion .
Ruby 1.9 moved the Ruby world from 1.8.x's userspace thread system to native threads .
While 1.9's native threads still suffer from the GVL ( Global VM Lock ) , which allows only one Ruby thread to be executed at a time , the switch to native threads brought other benefits .
Joe Damato explores one problem in Ruby 1.8.x's thread implementation which went away with native threads in 1.9 .
In short : context switches in 1.8.x are quite expensive , since they cause a thread 's complete stack contents to be copied ; from the stack to the heap ( for the suspended thread ) and in the other direction for the scheduled thread .
Applications with large stacks or with huge stack frames suffer from this implementation detail .
Native thread implementations avoid this inefficiency by maintaining multiple stacks and switching between them .
Joe 's post is a very detailed description of his " heap stacks " , which bring this approach to Ruby 1.8.x .
The performance improvements are significant , ranging from 2 x increases up to ~ 10 x increases , which bring the benchmark results close to the results of 1.9.1 .
Patched versions of the code are available on GitHub : for 1.8.6 and for 1.8.7 .
The Heap Stacks solution is yet another attempt to eradicate the biggest inefficiencies of Ruby 1.8.x , along with the MBARI patches which fixed some long standing issues with continuations and the GC .
Another path to better Ruby performance is taken by the MacRuby project , which has recently started work on an LLVM based VM .
Some of that work has now been used to create an Ahead Of Time ( AOT ) compiler for Ruby .
AOT here is in contrast to Just In Time compilers , ie .
instead of compiling at runtime , an AOT compiler run generates an executable out of the source code :
The expression is compiled into LLVM IR , then bitcode , then assembly , then machine code .
True compilation :-)
There are many scenarios where this is useful :
It will be useful for 1 ) code obfuscation 2 ) use Ruby on environments where dynamic code generation is not allowed
Finally , profilers are a way to figure out bottlenecks in applications .
Ryan Davis updated his zenprofile profiler , which uses event hooks in the Ruby runtime as efficient way to track method invocations .
Zenprofile has been around for some time , but the updated version now relies on the event_hook gem , which factors out the native code necessary for setting up the hooks .
By using event_hook , it 's now possible to write pure Ruby event hooks instead of having to write native code to hook into the Ruby interpreter .
Zenprofile makes use of that by offering a pure Ruby version of it's profiling logic , and a faster version which uses RubyInline and C for the native code .
A quick look at the zenprofile code shows that using event_hook is as easy as extending the EventHook class , overriding a few methods such as def self .
process event , obj , method , klass to capture the events .
Zenprofile also offers the spy _on feature , which can be used to focus on the performance of individual methods .
The feature can be configured with Ruby code ; eg. to focus on Integer # downto , here an example from misc / factorial.rb :
require ' spy_on ' Integer.spy_on : downto
Top 10 Food Finds at the Iowa State Fair
This Sunday marked the conclusion of the 157th annual Iowa State Fair , known to downscale gourmands far and wide as the annual pinnacle of American eating .
From cupcakes to astronauts , if it exists , you can bet the folks at the Iowa State Fair can grow it to an obscene size , deep - fry it and eat it off a stick , or of course , sculpt it out of butter .
10 . The Butter Cow
A classic .
Look at the detailed carving in that butter udder .
Masterful work .
9. Frozen S’more on a Stick
Mmmm…a new era for desserts on a stick .
Genius .
8. Giant Gourds
Anyone else think there ’s something really creepy about this photo ?
7. Rodent Cake
Another creepy one !
Who wants a rodent on top of their cake ?
And this was a blue ribbon winner !
What did the losing cakes look like ??
6. Mystery Cake
Oh right .
This is what the losing cakes looked like .
Can anyone even begin to explain what is going on here ???
Are those jalapenos ?
Chocolate covered hot dogs ?
Deep fried garbage ?
Pages : 1 2
My wife and I were walking in the deep forest when I heard a noise , like a bird fluttering .
Then I heard a crunch right behind me , pretty close , and I thought a bicycle was going to be right on top of me .
But it was a lion , coming with his front paws aimed at the middle of my back .
I ducked , like you would duck a bad pitch in baseball .
It stumbled on its face a little bit , turned around , and faced off at me .
I stuck my arm out in defense , and it grabbed it .
It hurt just like somebody hit you in the arm with an ax .
It tore a deep hole in my right arm and hung on .
It started going with all four claws like a house cat .
It never even made a sound .
The moment I went down , it grabbed a hunk of the top of my skull and ripped off a patch of my scalp the size of your palm .
I screamed out when that happened , and that 's when my wife heard .
She got a big tree limb , and when she hit the lion , I felt the blow come through its body to mine .
My face was down in the dirt — it was on top of me and had a hold of my head .
I got my fingers in its nose and twisted the hell out of it .
I just pissed off the lion .
It grabbed me by the mouth so that our teeth were gritting together .
It shook its head side to side and just ripped my mouth all to pieces .
My wife was still beating away at it .
Never fazed it .
It was digging on my head again , trying to get a hold , like if you were trying to grab a basketball but it slips .
I knew I was running out of time .
My wife took the limb and just jammed it at the lion 's head , and the points on it must have hit the lion and it jumped back .
It was crouched with its ears down , its teeth bared , glaring at her and twitching .
She had the limb above her head and she was screaming like hell .
It just relaxed , turned around , and walked behind the ferns .
And it was gone . —
As told to Steven Yaccino
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
A few days ago , an incident in Tel Aviv changed my entire perception of Israel .
Naive as I am , I thought that Tel Aviv is a more liberal and left leaning city in Israel .
So I figured that I would not feel too incredibility uncomfortable wearing a Free Palestine T - shirt .
So I went about my day just thinking that I ’m another Israeli walking the streets of Tel Aviv .
But I was wrong .
I was very wrong .
I was not just another Israeli .
I had a very dark tan and 2 weeks of facial hair that I was too lazy to shave off .
Thus , wearing my Free Palestine T - shirt , I was no longer an " Israeli , " I had for all intents and purposes become a " Palestinian . "
My semi-Farsi accent in Hebrew and the darkness of my skin made me lose all the Jewish privileges I previously held .
If I had dirty - blond hair and fair skin , I would just be another lefty Tel Aviv Jew .
But that was not the case .
So I went about my day receiving one dirty look after another , getting my entire bag searched before I entered any building , etc .
The worst came as I was taking the bus from Tel Aviv to Holon .
As I was on the bus , an Israeli man who spoke no English grabbed my arm and accused me of being a suicide bomber .
He said that I was wearing a terrorist flag on my T - Shirt , and that I need to be forced off the bus .
I tried to explain to him in Hebrew that I was just an American Jew that supported the peace process , but it was worthless .
As if I was a black man in Apartheid South Africa this man asked to see my Teudat Zehut ( Israeli Identity card ) .
For those of you who do not know , this card is extremely important in sustaining the Israeli system of apartheid because even if you are an Israeli citizen , it lists whether you are a Jew or an Arab .
Obviously I do not have one because I reside in the States .
So , I decided to give in .
There was a busload of people giving me unusual looks , and I just wanted it to end .
So I showed him my Israeli passport to calm him down .
But that too did not help .
He specifically wanted my ID card , so that if I ’m Arab I could leave the bus .
Luckily for me , the bus driver did not listen to him , but neither did anybody stop him .
As the man left the bus , an Israeli women told me that although he was being too intense , I must understand that my shirt represents terrorism ( apparently the flag of Palestine calling for freedom from occupation is terrorism ) .
She told me that every time she sees an Arab woman in a headscarf or people speaking Arabic in the streets , she fears for her life .
I do n’t think she understands that what she said was racist .
So there it is .
For one day I felt what it ’s like to be Palestinian in Israel .
As a Palestinian you cannot hold up your flag or display your national emblems , but on every street corner you see graphiti saying עם ישראל חי - The People of Israel are Living .
You are treated like a criminal at every mall entrance , airport security check , and that ’s not even mentioning the discrimination against Palestinians in the West Bank .
As a Palestinian in Israel , you are considered to be a terrorist before you even speak .
It ’s time to open our eyes to Israeli racism .
Another instance took place yesterday , after I went to a peaceful protest in the West Bank of non-violent Palestinians and leftist Israelis against the occupation ( which ended in soldiers shooting tear gas canisters at peaceful protesters ) .
But it was after I left , that I saw the most blatant example of Israeli racism .
At the checkpoint , the car in front of us had an Israeli license plate , but he was an Arab .
So legally he should of been treated like the rest of us .
But no , he was stopped for ten minutes , and had his entire car searched .
However , when we passed , we were not even stopped .
I guess that ’s just how simple it is when you look like a bunch of Ashkenazi Jews .
The airports , the bus stations , the malls , the checkpoints - all are complicit in the Israeli system of apartheid .
Roads for Israelis only , settlements with armed forces surrounding them .
Everyone should really open their eyes .
This is not a matter of security or war , it ’s a matter of daily prejudice and racism .
As an Israeli , it ’s easy to pretend that none of this exists , or to justify it in the name of security .
But then again , that ’s how Apartheid South Africa justified it ’s treatment of Blacks .
So how ’s Israel , it ’s great , just so long as you steer clear of any semblance of Arab culture and lounge on the beaches of Tel Aviv .
Adam Astan is an undergraduate student at the University of California , Berkeley .
He is an Israeli - American who is involved in Kesher Enoshi : Progressives For Activism in Israel , a student organization of progressive Israeli and American Jews who work directly with Israeli and Palestinian activists in the region .
About WL Marketing
Hi and welcome to WL Marketing !
We are a Dallas based company with offices in India and China and around 200 people in total .
In 2007 , we managed a portfolio of web properties and wanted to increase their value through SEO .
Each provider not proving the exact services you want , so you have to search for different marketing companies .
Having to follow up with a host of small , independent providers .
Not remembering which SEO you 've done on which website (s ) .
Providers taking the money and not performing the service .
Providers not really understanding SEO and more interested in short term gain .
WL Marketing is created to solve these problems and provide affordable , fast , & effective SEO with great service by people who know what they 're talking about .
We are committed to long term relationships and offering good value for the money you spend .
Here are some of the commitments we offer you :
Tracking -
A website that tracks the progress of your orders and informs you about their status every step of the way .
Keep track of the status of your promotions and their effectiveness on each of your websites .
- A website that tracks the progress of your orders and informs you about their status every step of the way .
Keep track of the status of your promotions and their effectiveness on each of your websites .
Fast Customer Service -
We strive to respond to all your questions within 12 hours .
Usually you 'll get an email back within minutes if it 's during the day !
- We strive to respond to all your questions within 12 hours .
Usually you 'll get an email back within minutes if it 's during the day !
Informative Knowledge -
Since we have our own group of websites , we are constantly testing out our own methodologies so we always know what we 're talking about - from experience .
- Since we have our own group of websites , we are constantly testing out our own methodologies so we always know what we 're talking about - from experience .
Good SEO Results -
Many of our customers have been with us for a long time and love the results we get them .
We want to make sure that you are getting good value for your advertising dollar .
- Many of our customers have been with us for a long time and love the results we get them .
We want to make sure that you are getting good value for your advertising dollar .
Flexibility -
If we 're not currently doing it , we can always accomodate your special request .
Just let us know what you need and we 'll look into it right away for you !
- If we 're not currently doing it , we can always accomodate your special request .
Just let us know what you need and we 'll look into it right away for you !
Fast Turnaround -
Your campaign is precise and it needs to be done right away , and we 'll sure to do our best to get there before your competition .
Orders are generally completed within 3 days , so you can focus on running your business rather than worrying about whether your SEO is getting done .
Address :
WL Marketing
1999 Bryan St Ste 900
Dallas , TX 75201
Phone :
( 888 ) 723-0990
A Los Angeles police officer was arrested over the weekend in Travis County , Texas , for allegedly forcing himself on a motel employee while she was retrieving a crib for his child , authorities said Monday .
Silvio Sam Filipovich , 43 , was taken into custody Friday night at the Mountain Star Lodge motel just outside Austin .
He was booked on suspicion of attempted sexual assault and released after posting $ 20,000 bail , said Travis County Sheriff ’s spokesman Roger Wade .
Filipovich was not on active duty and “ on an extended leave ” at the time of the reported incident , according to a source who said he was not authorized to discuss the case because it was a personnel matter .
Advertisement
According to authorities , Filipovich asked a female motel employee for a crib for his infant child about 10:30 p.m. Friday .
He then allegedly pushed her into a closet and tried to fondle her before she fought him off and called for help .
Filipovich could not be reached for comment .
Records obtained by The Times show that the 21 - year LAPD veteran has had a history of misconduct allegations .
The records , which date to 1995 , show that department officials had recommended discipline of more than 100 days for alleged offenses by Filipovich , including trying to improperly convert an on - duty contact into a social relationship , making a discourteous remark and being discourteous during traffic stops .
Advertisement
In one case , records show , department officials alleged that while off duty , Filipovich “ inappropriately exposed [ his ] penis in a public place . ”
It was unclear from the records what , if any , discipline he received .
--
andrew.blankstein@latimes.com
Long time readers may recall my girlfriend ’s love for making things Totoro related – including my Valentines Day card and some Halloween pumpkins – and after a busy few months she finally got round to adding something new to the list .
These Totoro cupcakes where made for a little friend of ours – a four year old fledgling Ghibli fanatic – who broke her arm right at the begining of the summer break .
Look great do n’t they ?
Trust me , they actually tasted even better .
More pics after the jump .
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Apple Inc ’s quarterly profit blew past Wall Street forecasts thanks to strong sales of Macs and iPhones and higher - than - expected gross margins , sending its shares up more than 3 percent on Tuesday .
Customers look at the Apple iPhone 3GS at the company 's retail store in San Francisco , California June 19 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Robert Galbraith
The company defied the global economic recession and reported a net profit of $ 1.23 billion , or $ 1.35 a share , for its fiscal third quarter ended June 27 , up from $ 1.07 billion , or $ 1.19 a share , in the year - ago period .
Earnings per share beat by far the average Street forecast of $ 1.18 according to Reuters Estimates , and topped even the most bullish “ whisper ” numbers of $ 1.30 to $ 1.35 .
“ The numbers are great .
Their gross profits continue to surprise people and there is a return to product momentum ... a return to growth in the Mac business , ” said Andy Hargreaves , an analyst at Pacific Crest Securities .
“ And then the iPhone is doing tremendously well and that is a potent combination . ”
Sales of Macs and iPhones both beat analysts ’ expectations , helped by product refreshes and lower prices , while iPod shipments were toward the low end of forecasts .
Apple said it sold 2.6 million Macs , up 4 percent from a year ago , and 5.2 million iPhones in the June quarter , during which the company had launched its third - generation iPhone 3GS and cut the price on the second - generation model to $ 99 .
The company said almost 20 percent of Fortune 500 companies have bought at least 10,000 iPhones , and it is currently unable to make enough iPhone 3GSs to meet a demand -- a problem Apple is working to address .
There had been some concern about margin pressure heading into the results , given the product price cuts and the trend of higher component costs .
But Apple posted a gross margin of 36.3 percent , above the 34 percent that some analysts had predicted .
That compared with 36.4 percent in the last quarter and 34.8 percent a year ago .
Cook forecast margins at 34 percent in the September quarter .
“ The overall takeaway is that Apple continues to execute in this tough environment , ” said Kaufman Bros analyst Shaw Wu .
“ We think they are very uniquely positioned with their competitive advantages .
They do the hardware , software and service , and that really allows them to have a leg up against competitors . ”
OUTLOOK CONSERVATIVE
Apple issued a typically conservative outlook for the current quarter , forecasting earnings of $ 1.18 to $ 1.23 a share on revenue of $ 8.7 billion to $ 8.9 billion .
While that was below the average analyst estimate of $ 1.30 in earnings per share and $ 9.1 billion in revenue for the fiscal fourth quarter , it had little impact on investors .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
“ The forecast for Q4 is strong relative to what I thought they were going to do , ” said Pacific Crest ’s Hargreaves .
Revenue rose 12 percent to $ 8.3 billion in the June quarter , versus analysts ’ average estimate of $ 8.2 billion .
The results demonstrated the consumer appeal of Apple ’s products despite a troubled economy that has dented sales at competitors selling less expensive products .
Investors have snapped up Apple ’s stock this year , pushing it up at a pace well ahead of other big technology issues .
In an interview with Reuters , Apple Chief Financial Officer Peter Oppenheimer said back - to - school - sales are in their early stages but started off well .
“ We hit the ball out of the park with Mac sales , ” he said .
“ In a better economy we ’d be selling more . ”
Apple shipped 10.2 million iPods in the quarter , down 7 percent year on year .
The CFO said he expects sales of traditional iPods to decline over time , cannibalized by the iPhone and iPod Touch .
Shares of Cupertino , California - based Apple closed at $ 151.60 on Nasdaq and rose to $ 157.02 in extended trading .
Thanks to Steely McStupid for pointing this out to me .
Apparently , Philly.com is up in arms ( sure… pun intended ) about some really old photos of the Steelers shooting guns .
You know , the ones I found back in January ( at the old blogspot page here ) .
The ones that made it to such esteemed blogs like Deadspin and Bob ’s Blitz .
Hell , I even used a closeup of Silverback in the above picture as my Twitter picture for about 4 - 5 months until I got a totally sweeter picture of Reducto .
I do n’t claim to know the NFL ’s policy on guns .
Dan Levy reprinted some of it here , but does that pertain to photos from 3 + years ago ?
Mostly , I ’m amazed that it can take a situation like this to see how far print and mainstream media is behind the times .
My website is n’t huge , but when these images make it to places like Deadspin , the word gets out .
Why was n’t the “ shooting party ” under investigation right after it happened ?
Is there that much of a miscommunication with our state police ?
That in itself is quite scary , that a questionable practice involving our state police was able to go unnoticed for 3 years .
Why was n’t there an inquiry when the photos I found made it around the web back in January ?
If Philly.com was taking advantage of the spotlight , which is pretty big on the defending champs in the middle of training camp , why did n’t they do so when the team was getting ready for the big game ?
ESPN.com had no problem taking that route .
So the end game is unclear to me .
Is Phily.com trying to tarnish the crown on the defending champs ?
Are they merely pointing out the failures of the state police ?
Yes , I ’m asking way too many questions , but this is too confusing to just let slide .
Because as Philly.com chastises the police , they include this quote :
“ Most disturbing is a group portrait of the athletes and troopers , in which two players adopt gangster poses and point their firearms at their comrades ’ heads . ”
Gangster poses ?
Please …elaborate .
Do you mean black men ?
Thugs , perhaps ?
Because when I think “ gangsters , ” I ’m thinking of Dick Tracy hiding from a tommy - gun - toting Flattop or Big Boy Al Caprice .
And what I see in the picture is a black guy , as pointed out by their article , the second guy from our right , their left , pointing a pistol at the picture - taker .
All in all , this is a very confusing situation , and one that Phily.com failed at in several instances .
I ’m sure there will be more on this as it develops , so stay tuned , or the “ gangsters ” on the Steelers will shoot you .
Jonathan Chait mocks conservatives who are against big government , but also against any effort to ensure that Medicare funds are well spent .
But they ’re actually being entirely consistent .
They do n’t think Medicare should exist at all .
After all , back in 1960 Ronald Reagan said it would lead to tyranny .
So they do n’t want to make Medicare work better — they want it to work as badly as possible , so that it can be killed .
Any comparison of hot JVM languages is likely to note that “ Clojure is not object - oriented . ”
This is true , but it may lead you to the wrong conclusions .
It ’s a little like saying that a rifle is not arrow - oriented .
In this article , you will see some of the ways that Clojure addresses the key concerns of OO : encapsulation , polymorphism , and inheritance .
This is a whirlwind tour , and we wo n't have time to cover the full details of all the Clojure code you will see .
When we are done , I hope you will decide to explore for yourself .
You can download and start using Clojure by following the instructions on the getting started page .
Just Enough Clojure Syntax
Clojure has vectors , which are accessed by integer indexes :
[ 1 2 3 4 ] -> [ 1 2 3 4 ] ( get [ :a :b :c :d :e ] 2 ) -> :c
In the preceding example , the initial ` [ 1 2 3 4 ] ` is input that you enter at the Read - Eval - Print Loop ( REPL ) .
The `->` indicates the response from the REPL .
Clojure has maps , which are key / value collections :
{ : fname " Stu " , : lname " Halloway " } -> { : fname " Stu " , : lname " Halloway " }
Sets contain a set of values , and their literal form is preceded with a hash .
Here is the set of English vowels , using backslash to introduce a character literal :
# { \a \e \i \o \u } -> # { \a \e \i \o \u }
Lists are singly - linked lists , and are enclosed with parentheses .
Lists are special :
Not only are they data , they also act as the syntax for invoking functions .
The list below invokes the plus ( `+` ) function :
( + 1 2 3 4 5 ) -> 15
Collections themselves act as functions .
They take an argument which is the key / index to look up :
( [ :a :b :c :d :e ] 2 ) -> :c ( { : name " Stu " : ext 101 } : name ) ->
" Stu "
Enough syntax , let 's get started .
Encapsulation
Encapsulation is the hiding of implementation details so that clients of your code do not accidentally become dependent on them .
In object - oriented languages , this is usually done at the class level .
A class has public methods , private implementation details , and various other scopes in between .
Clojure accomplishes the purposes of encapsulation in three ways : closures , namespaces , and immutability .
Closures
A closure closes over ( remembers ) the environment at the time it was created .
For example , the function `make - counter` below closes over the initial value passed via `init-val` :
( defn make - counter [ init-val ] ( let [ c ( atom init-val ) ] # ( swap ! c inc ) ) )
Let ’s break this down :
`defn` defines a new function , named `make - counter` , that takes a single argument `init - val` .
The `let` binds the name `c` to a new `atom` .
The `atom` creates a threadsafe , deadlock - proof mutable reference to a value .
The octothorpe ( ` #` ) prefix introduces an anonymous function
The call to `swap ! ` updates the value referenced by `c` by calling `inc` on it .
The value of the let is the value of its last expression .
This `let` returns a function that increments a counter , which is then the return value of `make - counter` .
The atom `c` is private to the function returned by `make - counter` .
The only public thing you can do is increment it by one :
( def c ( make - counter ) ) -> # 'user /c ( c ) -> 1 ( c ) -> 2 ( c ) -> 3
The counter example returned a single function , but nothing stops you from returning multiple functions .
These multiple functions can then share private state .
The new version of `make - counter` below returns two functions : one to increment the counter , and one to reset it .
( defn make - counter [ init-val ] ( let [ c ( atom init - val ) ] { : next # ( swap ! c inc ) : reset # ( reset ! c init-val ) } ) )
This new `make - counter` returns a map whose `: next` value increments the counter , and whose `:reset` value resets it :
( def c ( make - counter 10 ) ) -> # 'user / c ( ( c : next ) ) -> 11 ( ( c : next ) ) -> 12 ( ( c :reset ) ) -> 10
Why the double parentheses above ?
Two functions calls :
The inner function call looks up the appropriate function , and the outer one calls it .
Closing over data is far more general than the simplistic model offered by private , protected , public , friend , et al. in OO languages .
By combining multiple lets and multiple return values from a function , you can create arbitrary encapsulation strategies .
Similar encapsulation possibilities are available in any language that supports closures .
Douglas Crockford describes a similar idiom in JavaScript .
Namespaces
A Clojure namespace groups a set of related data and functions .
Inside a namespace , a Clojure var can refer to a function or to data , and can be public or private .
For example , Chris Houser ’s error - kit library implements a condition / restart system for Clojure .
( with - handler ( vec ( map int - half [ 2 4 5 8 ] ) ) ( handle * number - error* [ n ] ( continue - with 0 ) ) )
In the code above , `with - handler` , `handle` , and `continue - with` are public vars of the `clojure.contrib.error - kit` namespace .
The `int - half` is a demo function that blows up on odd inputs .
When a ` * number - error * ` occurs , the handler causes execution to continue with the value 0 .
( Note how this is more flexible than try / catch exception handling , which cannot recover back into the middle of some operation . )
Internally , error - kit keeps track of available handlers and continues using these private vars :
( defvar - * handler - stack * ()
" Stack of bound handler symbols " ) ( defvar - * continues * {} " Map of currently available continue forms " )
The trailing minus sign on the end of `defvar - ` marks the vars as private .
These vars are implementation details , and are invisible to code outside the `clojure.contrib.error - kit` namespace .
Immutability
In OO languages , another purpose of encapsulation is to prevent object A from modifying or corrupting the private data used by object B .
In Clojure , this problem does not exist .
Data structures are immutable .
They cannot possibly be corrupted , or changed in any way , period .
You can write query functions that return “ private ” state , without any fear of data corruption .
Polymorphism
For our purposes here , polymorphism is the ability to choose a different method implementation based on the type of the caller .
So for example :
Flyer a = new Airplane () ; Flyer b = new Bird ( ) ; a.fly ( ) ; b.fly ( ) ;
`a.fly ( ) ` and `b.fly ( ) ` do different things because they are called on different concrete types .
Clojure provides a generalization of polymorphism called multimethods .
A multimethod definition begins with `defmulti` , and then has a name , plus a dispatch function that is used to select the actual implementation :
To mimic polymorphism , simply dispatch on the `class` of the argument :
( defmulti fly class )
Individual methods of a multimethod begin with `defmethod` , then the multimethod name , then the object that must match the dispatch function .
Finally , you get the argument list in a vector , followed by the implementation of the method .
For example :
( defmethod fly Bird [ b ] ( flap - wings b ) ) ( defmethod fly Airplane [ a ] ( turn - propeller a ) )
Unlike polymorphism , multimethods do not limit you to dispatching on class .
You can dispatch based on any arbitrary function of the method arguments .
So for example , a bank account might have a `: type` entry that is used to determine the interest rate :
( defmulti interest : type ) ( defmethod interest : checking [ a ] 0 ) ( defmethod interest : savings [ a ] 0.05 M )
The `:type` attribute is a convention , but nothing prevents you from dispatching on a different attribute , or even dispatching on more than one at the same time !
For example , the `service - charge` multimethod below dispatches on two different facets of the same object : the object ’s `account - level` ( `:: Basic` or `:: Premium` ) and its `:tag : ` ( `:: Checking` or `:: Savings` )
( defmulti service - charge ( fn [ acct ] [ ( account - level acct ) ( : tag acct ) ] ) ) ( defmethod service - charge [ :: Basic :: Checking ] [ _ ] 25 ) ( defmethod service - charge [ :: Basic :: Savings ] [ _ ] 10 ) ( defmethod service - charge [ :: Premium :: Checking ] [ _ ] 0 ) ( defmethod service - charge [ :: Premium :: Savings ] [ _ ] 0 )
The `_` is a legal name , and is used idiomatically to indicate that an argument will be ignored .
( There is no need to even look at the argument , since all the work has been done in choosing which method to dispatch to ! )
This example also demonstrates two other concepts :
The double - colon prefix resolves a keyword in a namespace .
This prevents name collisions among keywords , just as object - oriented langauges use namespaces to prevent name collisions between type names .
`account - level` is a function ( not shown here ) , not a simple key lookup .
It returns `:: Premium` or `:: Basic` based on the the account type and the current balance .
Thus an account can dynamically change its account level as its balance changes .
As you can see , multimethods are far more general than polymorphism .
Instead of being limited to type - based dispatch , multimethods can dispatch on any arbitrary function of an argument list .
This allows programming models that more closely resemble reality : after all , what real - world entities are limited to a single type hierarchy , and forbidden to change types over time ?
Inheritance
In OO languages , inheritance allows you to create a derived type that reuses the behavior of a base type .
For example :
class Person { String fullName ( ) { /* impl details */ } } class Employee extends Person { AddressBookItem companyDirectoryEntry () { /* impl details */ } }
This kind of reuse is so natural in Clojure that it does n’t even have a name .
For example , here is a function that returns the full name of a person , based on first and last names :
( defn full - name [ p ] ( str ( : first - name p ) " " ( : last - name p ) ) )
Employees are like people , but have other properties and behaviors , such as a telephone extension .
The `company - directory - entry` returns a vector of an employee 's full name and telephone extension , like this :
( defn company - directory - entry [ p ] [ ( full - name p ) ( : extension p ) ] )
Notice that `company - directory - entry` “ reuses ” the person - ness of its argument `p` by calling `full - name` on it .
There is no special inheritance ceremony required to set this up , you just call functions when you need them .
You can pass either a person or an employee to `full - name` .
For `company - directory - entry` , though , you must have an employee .
Or , more accurately , you must have something that resembles an employee , to the extent of having a ` : first - name` , `:last - name` , and `:extension` .
This is an example of duck typing : if it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck , we assume it is a duck , without asking it to present its `IDuck` papers .
Many Functions , Few Types
The example above demonstrates another negative consequence of idiomatic OO style : the over - specification of data types .
The return value of `company Directory Entry` is given its own unique type , `AddressBookItem` .
Each new data type like `AddressBookItem` requires its own life - support system : constructors , accessors , `equals` , `hashCode` , and so on .
In Clojure , an address book item would simply be a vector or a map .
No new types , and no life support system required .
Moreover , an address book item can be manipulated with any of the large arsenal of functions in Clojure 's sequence library .
To see the problem with overspecifying types , consider this method from the Apache Commons :
// From Apache Commons Lang , http ://commons.apache.org/lang/ public static int indexOfAny ( String str , char [ ] searchChars ) { if ( isEmpty ( str ) || ArrayUtils.isEmpty ( searchChars ) ) { return - 1 ; } for ( int i = 0 ; i < str.length ( ) ; i++) { char ch = str.charAt ( i ) ; for ( int j = 0 ; j < searchChars.length ; j++ ) { if ( searchChars [ j ] == ch ) { return i ; } } } return - 1 ; }
The purpose of `indexOfAny` is to find the index of the first occurrence of one of the `searchChars` that appears in `str` .
Note the unnecessary specificity of types : it works only with strings and character arrays .
Here 's the Clojure version , using the sequence library 's `map` , `iterate` , and `for` forms :
( defn indexed [ coll ] ( map vector ( iterate inc 0 ) coll ) ) ( defn index - filter [ pred coll ] ( when pred ( for [ [ idx elt ] ( indexed coll ) : when ( pred elt ) ] idx ) ) )
Here is an example calling `index - filter` :
( index - filter # { \a \e \i \o \u } " Lts f cnsnts nd n vwel " ) -> ( 20 )
The expression above finds the index of the first vowel in the string " Lts f cnsnts nd n vwel " , that is , 20 .
But `index - filter` is more general than the Commons version in several ways :
1. `index - filter` returns all the matches , not just one .
( index - filter # { \a \e \i \o \o } " The quick brown fox " ) -> ( 2 6 12 17 )
2. `index - filter` works with any sequence , not just a string of characters .
For example , the call below works against a range of integers :
( index - filter # { 2 3 5 7 } ( range 6 ) ) -> ( 2 3 5 )
3. `index - filter` works with any predicate , not just a test against a character array .
In the example below , the predicate is an anonymous function that tests for strings longer than three characters :
( index - filter # ( > ( .length % ) 3 ) [ " The " " quick " " brown " " fox " ] ) -> ( 1 2 )
That is a lot of extra power , especially given that the function is shorter , easier to write , and easier to read ( given some Clojure experience , of course ) than the Commons version .
Conclusion
Clojure solves the same problems that OO solves , but it solves them in different ways .
Instead of encapsulation , polymorphism , and inheritance , you have closures , namespaces , pure functions , immutable data , and multimethods .
Idiomatic OO gives you a bloated type system with duplicated code hidden away behind encapsulation boundaries and little hope for thread safety .
Clojure offers a radical alternative : a lean type system , a rich function library , and language - level concurrency support that is usable by mere mortals .
There is a lot more to Clojure than we have covered here : lazy and infinite sequences , destructuring , macros , software transactional memory , agents , seamless Java interop , and more .
But those are topics for another day .
[ This article was originally published in the May 2009 issue of NFJS , the Magazine .
I will be speaking about Clojure at several upcoming NFJS events , come join the fun . ]
India is a country of glowing and rich past , with the mixture of cultures and various traditions .
The diverseness of the country has captivated attentions of many wishing to take a sneak peak in its lavish past .
Golden Triangle
Tour is one of the best options taking visitors to the era of marvelous creations depicting the richness in true sense .
The trinity comprising of Delhi , Agra and Jaipur is known as Golden Triangle by our tourist Industry .
On the map , the three places form a rough equilateral triangle .
It is called Golden Triangle because one gets chance to explore Mughal Architecture , brilliant cultural wealth and beautiful history .
One can spend weeks in the charm of Indian capital i.e.
Delhi and this is not all over .
Agra , which is known by everyone in this world because world famous Taj Mahal is located here .
Rajasthan the desert state of India and its capital Jaipur let visitors have the glimpse of Rajput culture .
This tour is perfect for those who have never been to India .
It is being said , if India is a book then Delhi is certainly its Index page .
Be it any year or month , one can find lots of tourist roaming around this city .
To explore Delhi hire a taxi or car which is provided by the travel advisor and hit up the main sights of Delhi like Raj Ghat , the memorial for father of the nation i.e.
Mahatma Gandhi and India gate it is a memorial of soldiers who have sacrificed their life 's for their country .
The names of the soldiers are engraved on India Gate .
Red Fort to explore Mughal architecture .
Qutub Minar , Lotus Temple , Old fort and Humanyun Tomb .
Visitors are also allured by the magnificent Jama Masjid , which is a largest mosque in Asia .
Old Delhi markets like Chandni Chowk should be explored on rickshaw and Dilli Haat should not be missed if planning for shopping .
Agra is known for Taj Mahal which is among Seven Wonders of the World .
Many tourists visit Agra as best monument of India is located here .
Taj Mahal was built by Shah Jahan as a tribute to his wife .
It is also known as symbol of love .
If time permits Taj Mahal should be visited at dawn and dusk because it gives a wonderful experience to be remembered throughout the lifetime .
Other places of interest are Fathepur Sikri , which served as the capital during the Mughal Era. Agra Fort , which gives wonderful view of Taj .
The designing and detailing of the Agra fort are stunning .
Jaipur is also known as the Pink City .
Recognized as a Royal city ; Jaipur 's magnificence is captivated in its glorious Palaces that will let you imagine the extravagant lifestyle of kings and queens who once ruled the city .
Jaipur is famous for its extraordinary architectures like Amber Fort , which has honey colored walls , marvelous mirrored pavilion .
Amber fort gives a view of Jaipur city .
Other places like city palace , Jantar Mantar and Hawa Mahal .
One can go for shopping in the pink city as the it is famous for its jewelers , Jutis and Clothings .
Golden Triangle
Tour , undoubtedly , a fabulous experience for the travelers who want to get introduced to the dazzling city palaces , architecture marvels of Mughals , Rajputs as well as Britishers .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Seven banks were shut down by authorities Thursday , pushing the tally of failed banks for 2009 to 52 , more than doubling the failures in 2008 .
Six regional banks in Illinois and one in Texas closed their doors , according to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation .
The rash of Illinois failures are interlinked :
All six banks were controlled by one family and followed a similar business model that " created concentrated exposure in each institution , " according to the FDIC .
The agency said that the six failures stemmed from the banks ' investments in collateralized debt obligations and other loan losses .
Twelve banks in Illinois have failed this year .
Thursday 's failure in Texas was the first for the state in 2009 .
Last year , 25 banks failed in the United States .
Local banks have been hard hit as plummeting home values devalued mortgage - backed assets and rising unemployment rates caused an increasing number of consumers to default on their loans .
Larger financial institutions have been helped with government bailouts , but smaller regional banks continue to struggle .
FDIC fund :
The total cost of Thursday 's bank failures to the FDIC is $ 314.3 million , bringing the FDIC fund 's total cost for failed banks to $ 12.3 billion this year .
That compares with $ 17.6 billion in all of 2008 .
The FDIC , which is funded primarily by fees paid by banks , insures individual deposits up to $ 250,000 .
The amount was increased from $ 100,000 late last year in response to concerns about the stability of the nation 's banks .
First bank topples : State regulators shuttered John Warner Bank , based in Clinton , Ill. , and named the FDIC the receiver .
The State Bank of Lincoln , based in Lincoln , Ill. , will assume all of the deposits of the failed bank .
As of April 30 , the failed bank had total assets of $ 70 million and total deposits of approximately $ 64 million .
The three offices of John Warner will reopen on Friday as branches of State Bank of Lincoln .
Customers of the shuttered bank will automatically become depositors of State Bank of Lincoln .
Second bank falls : Later Thursday , state regulators closed First State Bank of Winchester , based in Winchester , Ill. , and named the FDIC the receiver .
Federal regulators entered into a purchase and assumption agreement for The First National Bank of Beardstown , based in Beardstown , Ill. , to assume all of the assets and deposits of the failed bank .
As of April 30 , The First State Bank of Winchester had total assets of $ 36 million and total deposits of approximately $ 34 million .
The two offices of the failed bank will reopen Monday as branches of The First National Bank of Beardstown .
Customers of the failed bank will automatically be transferred over to the new bank .
Over the weekend , customers of the failed bank can access their money by writing checks or using ATM or debit cards .
Checks drawn on the bank will continue to be processed .
Loan customers should continue to make their payments as usual .
Third bank falls : Rock River Bank , based in Oregon , Ill. , was shuttered by state regulators .
The FDIC was named the receiver and it entered into an agreement with the The Harvard State Bank , of Harvard , Ill. , to assume all of the deposits of the failed bank and almost all of the assets .
As of April 30 , Rock River Bank had total assets of $ 77 million and total deposits of approximately $ 75.8 million .
The Harvard State Bank agreed to purchase $ 72.9 million in assets and the FDIC will retain the rest to dispose of later .
The four offices of the failed bank will reopen Monday as branches of The Harvard State Bank and depositors will automatically be transferred .
Fourth bank goes down : Elizabeth State Bank , based in Elizabeth , Ill. , was closed down by state regulators and the FDIC was named the receiver .
Galena State Bank and Trust , based in Galena , Ill. , entered into a purchase and assumption agreement to take over all of the deposits of the failed bank .
As of April 30 , The Elizabeth State Bank had total assets of $ 55.5 million and total deposits of approximately $ 50.4 million .
Galena State Bank and Trust purchased $ 52.3 million of assets and the FDIC will retain the rest to dispose of later .
The two offices of failed bank will reopen on Monday as branches of Galena State Bank and Trust .
Customers will automatically be transferred over to the new bank .
Number five : The First National Bank of Danville , headquartered in Danville , Ill. , was shuttered by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the FDIC was named the receiver .
First Financial Bank , N.A. , based in Terre Haute , Ind. , entered into a purchase and assumption agreement to take over all of the deposits of the failed bank .
As of April 30 , the failed bank had total assets of $ 166 million and total deposits of approximately $ 147 million .
First Financial Bank , N.A. agreed to purchase $ 148 million of assets , leaving the remainder for the FDIC to dispose of later .
The seven offices of failed bank will reopen on Monday as branches of First Financial Bank , N.A. and depositors will automatically be transferred over to the new bank .
Number 6 : State regulators shut down the Millennium State Bank of Texas , based in Dallas , Texas , Thursday and named the FDIC the receiver .
The FDIC entered into a purchase and assumption agreement with an Irving , Texas bank , called the State Bank of Texas .
As of June 30 , Millennium State Bank of Texas had total assets of approximately $ 118 million and total deposits of $ 115 million .
State Bank of Texas will take over all of the deposits and " essentially all of the failed banks assets , " according to the release .
The one office of Millennium State Bank of Texas will be open Monday as a branch of State Bank of Texas .
Depositors of the failed bank will automatically be transferred over to the new bank .
The biggest to fall : State regulators shut down Founders Bank , based in Worth , Ill. , and named the FDIC the receiver .
The PrivateBank and Trust Company , head - quartered in Chicago , Ill. , entered into a purchase and assumption agreement to take over the assets of the failed bank .
As of April 30 , Founders Bank had total assets of $ 962.5 million and total deposits of $ 848.9 million .
The PrivateBank and Trust Company purchased all of the deposits of the failed bank and $ 888.4 million worth of assets , leaving the rest for the FDIC to dispose of later .
The eleven offices of the failed bank will reopen on Monday as branches of The PrivateBank and Trust Company .
Customers will automatically be transferred over to the new bank .
Three new posters for The Cabin in the Woods , the comedy - horror flick written by Joss Whedon and director Drew Goddard , offer horrendous advice for anybody who finds themselves in a situation straight out of a slasher flick .
Looks like Whedon , who worked the humor vein so adeptly in Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Dr. Horrible 's Sing - Along Blog , and said he could n't " fight the funny " in his sci - fi show Dollhouse , is ready to eviscerate the horror flick genre .
All the posters look the same , but the jokes are different .
See the rest below .
The Cabin in the Woods opens Feb. 5 , 2010 .
See also :
In June , an estimated 25,000 people attended the inaugural THC Expo hemp and art show in downtown Los Angeles , an event that pumped hundreds of thousands of dollars into the local economy -- including a $ 22,400 payment directly to the city of Los Angeles for use of its convention center .
Barneys New York in Beverly Hills is celebrating the Woodstock spirit by selling $ 78 “ Hashish ” candles in Jonathan Adler pots with bas - relief marijuana leaves ;
Hickey offers $ 75 linen pocket squares or $ 120 custom polo shirts bearing the five - part leaf ; and French designer Lucien Pellat - Finet is serving up white - gold and diamond custom pot-leaf - emblazoned wristwatches for $ 49,000 and belt buckles for $ 56,000 .
Earlier this year , Season 5 of Showtime ’s “ Weeds ” kicked off with promotional materials plastered on bus shelters , buses and billboards throughout the city .
Last year , just across from the tourist - packed Farmers Market at 3rd Street and Fairfax Avenue , a “ Pineapple Express ” billboard belched faux pot smoke into the air .
Even the ‘ 70s slacker - stoner comedy duo Cheech and Chong are back .
After recently concluding an international tour , they say they are working on another movie , voicing an animated version of themselves and even batting around the idea of staging a Cheech and Chong Broadway musical .
After decades of bubbling up around the edges of so - called civilized society , marijuana seems to be marching mainstream at a fairly rapid pace .
At least in urban areas such as Los Angeles , cannabis culture is coming out of the closet .
Advertisement
At fashion - insider parties , joints are passed nearly as freely as hors d’oeuvres .
Traces of the acrid smoke waft from restaurant patios , car windows and passing pedestrians on the city streets -- in broad daylight .
Even the art of name - dropping in casual conversation -- once limited to celebrity sightings and designer shoe purchases -- now includes the occasional boast of recently discovered weed strains such as “ Strawberry Cough ” and “ Purple Kush . ”
Public sentiment is more than anecdotal ; earlier this year , a California Field Poll found that 56 % of California voters supported legalizing and taxing marijuana .
Last month , voters in Oakland overwhelmingly approved a tax increase on medical marijuana sales , the first of its kind in the country , and Los Angeles Councilwoman Janice Hahn has proposed something similar for the City of Angels .
“ In this current economic crisis , we need to get creative about how we raise funds , ” Hahn said in a statement .
Smoking pot used to be the kind of personal conduct that could sink a U.S. Supreme Court nomination ( Douglas H. Ginsburg in 1987 ) and embarrass a presidential candidate ( Bill Clinton in 1992 ) .
Today , it seems to be a non-issue for the current inhabitant of the Oval Office ; Barack Obama issued his marijuana mea culpa in a 1995 memoir .
California Field PollDrug references in popular music have multiplied like , well , weeds in the last three decades .
Marijuana ’s presence on TV and in the movies has moved from the harbinger of bad things including murderous rage ( “ Reefer Madness ” in 1936 ) to full - scale hauntings ( “ Poltergeist ” in 1982 ) and burger runs gone awry ( “ Harold & Kumar go to White Castle ” in 2001 ) to being just another fixture in the pop-culture firmament .
Cannabis crops up on shows such as “ Entourage , ” “ Curb Your Enthusiasm , ” “ True Blood ” and “ Desperate Housewives , ” and even on animated shows such as “ The Simpsons ” and “ Family Guy . ”
Advertisement
To date , none is as pot-centric as Showtime ’s “ Weeds , ” which follows the adventures of widowed soccer mom turned pot dealer Nancy Botwin ( Mary - Louise Parker ) , though the show ’s creator , Jenji Kohan , says there are TV shows in development that are set against the backdrop of medical marijuana clinics .
Richard Laermer , a media and pop culture trend watcher and author of several books , including “ 2011 : Trendspotting for the Next Decade , ” points to Bill Maher as a bellwether of change .
“ Ten years ago , he would have been taken off the air . ” ( “ Real Time With Bill Maher ” airs on HBO . )
Now , he ’s “ a totally mainstream comic who consistently talks about how much pot he smokes . ”
Marijuana ’s role on TV and in the movies is no surprise , says Robert Thompson , a professor of television and pop culture at the University of Syracuse S.I. Newhouse School of Public Communications .
“ The people who are making movies and television shows , from the scriptwriters to the director and the producers -- a very large chunk of those are probably people who grew up not only much more comfortable with marijuana ’s presence in society , but probably as consumers themselves of it .
“ As a result , ” Thompson said , “ it ’s almost switched with alcohol .
Think back to Dean Martin and Foster Brooks -- their whole comedy act was the fact that they were in the bag -- that now is seen a lot less often .
The stoner is the new drunk . ”
Advertisement
There ’s one hitch
General marijuana use is , of course , illegal .
Under federal law , marijuana is a Schedule I controlled substance ( in the same category as LSD , heroin and peyote ) and possession of it is punishable by up to one year in jail and a minimum fine of $ 1,000 for a first conviction .
According to the FBI ’s annual Uniform Crime Report , in 2007 there were 872,721 arrests in the U.S. for marijuana violations .
For Californians who are not otherwise covered under the state ’s medical marijuana law ( which continues to engender controversy among those who believe it ’s abused by recreational users ) , possession of 28.5 grams or less is a misdemeanor punishable by a $ 100 fine .
What ’s more , passing a drug - free urine test is still a prerequisite for many jobs across the country .
Nonetheless , some indulge .
Marijuana reform groups say it ’s a $ 35.8 - billion domestic cash crop .
And today ’s cannabis consumers -- the state chapter of the National Organization to Reform Marijuana Laws estimates the number of Californians who have smoked at least once in the last year is 3 million -- open their wallets for pot - themed movies , handbooks , calendars , fancy glass storage jars , energy drinks , hemp clothing and ganja - themed bus tours , all part of the ever - widening marijuana - adjacent economy .
How much do we spend ?
Advertisement
“ It ’s hard to say , ” says Brian Roberts , co-founder of the THC Expo .
“ Do you count ‘ Pineapple Express ’ that did $ 100 million at the box office ?
Do you add in Dr. Dre ’s ' [ The ] Chronic ’ and ‘ 2001 ' albums that [ together ] sold over 10 million copies ?
What I can tell you is that [ the expo ] pumped over $ 400,000 into the local economy , ” he added , citing expenditures for security guards and other temporary staffers , banners , decorations , printing and advertising , and renting the South Hall of the L.A. Convention Center .
Roberts , who launched and later sold a now - dormant , pot - themed apparel line called THC Clothing before getting into the expo business , has seen pot culture consumers ’ buying power firsthand .
“ I used to own a smoke shop [ 2000 BC ] over on Melrose and people would spend up to $ 400 for a piece of glass to use as a water pipe -- you ’re talking about an adult with extra money .
That ’s like buying a power tool . ”
Did something happen between 2003 , when Tommy Chong started a nine - month stint in federal prison for selling a mail - order water pipe , and the June THC Expo , when he stood signing autographs and shaking hands , barely a roach clip ’s throw from row upon row of swirling glass pipes , smoking devices with octopus - like tentacles , whirring motors and price tags as high as $ 800 ?
Some people point to the Obama administration as the biggest game - changer .
“ It was when [ former President George W. Bush ] and his boys were run out of office , that made the biggest difference , ” Chong said by phone near the end of the “ Light Up America and Canada Tour ” that reunited him with Cheech Marin .
Advertisement
Roberts cited the election as the tipping point as well .
“ The whole show teetered on who won the election , ” he said .
“ If McCain had won , I ’d have never have put up my money .
But Americans are no longer living in fear . ”
In addition , trend watcher Laermer points to a more subtle shift : aging baby boomers -- a generation famous for tuning in , turning on and dropping out -- who are keeping their party habits going into their golden years .
“ It ’s hard to fathom that the fifty - and sixtysomethings would be against pot after all the pot they smoked , ” Laermer said , “ Their kids would laugh them out of the room if they started telling them not to smoke pot . ”
The so - called marijuana movement has attracted some surprising names .
Rep. Ron Paul ( R - Texas ) has spoken out about decreasing penalties for possession and protecting medical marijuana users .
Earlier this year , Glenn Beck of Fox News announced on the air : “ Look , I ’m a libertarian .
You want to legalize marijuana ; you want to legalize drugs -- that ’s fine . ”
Advertisement
David Bienenstock , senior editor of New York - based marijuana magazine High Times and author of “ The Official High Times Pot Smoker ’s Handbook , ” said : “ Whether you ’re with the press or a politician , it ’s no longer a third rail .
In the past it could have cost you your job .
Now people are at least able to have those conversations . ”
Roberts , for one , is ready .
He ’s already booked 50,000 square feet at the Los Angeles Convention Center for next year ’s THC Expo .
It ’s going to happen April 23 - 25 -- right after the April 20 date that ’s become a kind of pot smokers ’ national holiday .
“ They ’re happy to have us back , ” Roberts said .
“ They told me the food concessions sold $ 38,000 worth of food on the first day alone -- and that ’s more than they do in a whole week at the California Gift Show . ”
--
Advertisement
adam.tschorn@latimes.com
More and more synthetic versions of key parts of the human cell , including chromosomes , have been developed by scientists in the past decade or so .
Now researchers are aiming even higher , developing the first working artificial prototype of an " organ " of a human cell — the Golgi apparatus , which helps modify biomolecules and package them for delivery around the cell .
The Golgi apparatus is an organelle , akin to a miniature organ in a cell , made up of a network of sacs piled together like a stack of pancakes .
The role it plays in chemically modifying proteins is crucial for their stability and function , and it also helps manufacture complex sugars .
However , the Golgi apparatus remains one of the most poorly understood organelles in the body .
" The sacs are fluid and constantly change shape , so it 's difficult to get a handle on , " explains researcher Robert Linhardt , a chemist at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute .
" And while we know the general direction of the flow of vesicles between stacks , we do n't really know what cargoes they 're carrying . "
To better dissect how the Golgi apparatus works , Linhardt and his colleagues tried creating a synthetic version of it , designing a square - millimeter - sized lab - on - a- chip to mimic the assembly line of enzymes within the Golgi apparatus that modify a biomolecule .
The sample molecules are attached to magnetic particles , suspended in a watery droplet 300 - billionths of a liter in size and placed on the chip .
When the desired location on the chip for those molecules is electrically charged , it becomes more attractive to water , causing the droplet to flow there .
A larger magnet can then be kept under that spot to keep the magnetic particles attached to the biomolecules in place .
In this way , the drop can be moved through chambers loaded with an assembly line of enzymes , as well as sugars and other raw materials the enzymes might attach to the sample .
In experiments with an inactive precursor of heparin , a widely used blood thinner , the scientists found their device could quickly and efficiently modify the anticoagulant to make it functional , findings they are scheduled to detail in the August 12 issue of the Journal of the American Chemical Society .
The researchers suggest that an artificial Golgi could lead to a faster , safer method of producing heparin than current techniques , which employ animal tissue .
This device is apparently the first instance of an artificial organelle , says biochemist and glycobiologist Jerry Turnbull of the University of Liverpool in England , who did not participate in this study .
Although the proof - of - concept system Linhardt demonstrated is simple , employing just one enzyme , it " clearly has potential to be greatly diversified as a tool , " he adds .
Scientists have experimented with building cells up piece by piece for decades , including the creation of simple artificial cells in the form of bubbles made of synthetic cell membranes , to better understand how life on Earth might have began .
Then , in 1997 , scientists devised the first artificial human chromosome .
And earlier this year , molecular technologist George Church of Harvard University and his colleagues reported a breakthrough in developing artificial ribosomes , bodies inside each cell that make proteins based on instructions from DNA .
Although the first artificial ribosome was created in 1968 , this recent work assembled ribosomes in the kind of environment where protein synthesis normally occurs , unlike before .
Such ribosomes could be inexpensive cell - independent alternatives to current industrial processes that manufacture proteins using cells , Church says .
Now that Linhardt and his colleagues have devised a primitive artificial Golgi , in the future they plan on creating a synthetic endoplasmic reticulum ( ER ) as well , the organelle into which ribosomes are studded , where protein synthesis and folding take place .
" We 'd even like to integrate an artificial Golgi and ER together , " Linhardt says .
" We 're basically taking pieces of a cell and making them on electronic chips , and hopefully moving on to even more complex systems .
Of course , organelles are pretty complicated , with the mitochondria and chloroplasts almost having the complexity of a bacterial cell , so there 's a lot of work to go . "
In the near term , the artificial Golgi could help scientists understand how the actual organelle modifies biomolecules — for instance , how it glycosylates or adds sugars to proteins .
The sugars on a protein can affect its structure and function , how the immune system reacts to it and how long it remains in the bloodstream .
" Over half of all proteins are glycosylated , so it 's clear that it's an important process , but we just do n't have good ways of studying it in the cell , " Linhardt says .
" This platform gives us an artificial system to test it with , see what 's important . "
Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi ( D - CA ) speaks at the 2009 Campus Progress National Conference in Washington on July 8 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Alexis C. Glenn ) | License Photo
Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D - CA ) chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee presides over the confirmation hearing for Director of National Intelligence nominee Dennis Blair in Washington on January 22 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Kevin Dietsch ) | License Photo
United States President Barack Obama is introduced by CIA Director Leon Panetta prior to making remarks at the George Bush Center for Intelligence ( CIA Headquarters ) in McLean , Virginia on Monday , April 20 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Ron Sachs / Pool ) | License Photo
Former Vice President Dick Cheney speaks on America 's national security policy at the American Enterprise Institute in Washington on May 21 , 2009 .
Cheney said that waterboarding and the Guantanamo Bay prison were essential for keeping America safe .
( UPI Photo / Kevin Dietsch ) | License Photo
WASHINGTON , July 11 ( UPI ) --
The CIA kept Congress in the dark for eight years about a secret counter - terrorism program on orders from former Vice President Dick Cheney , sources said .
Citing two people with direct knowledge of the matter , The New York Times reported Saturday CIA Director Leon Panetta informed members of the House and Senate committees on intelligence about Cheney 's involvement in the decision to withhold knowledge from Congress about the program .
Panetta canceled the program June 23 when he was first briefed on its existence -- four months after he took office .
Advertisement
The program was begun in 2001 , following the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks .
Officials this week would describe it only in general terms , calling it " off again , on again " and saying it was part of the effort to gather intelligence on terrorism suspects .
Democrats on the two intelligence panels said they should have been briefed on the program during the terms of the Bush administration .
" Instructions were given not to brief Congress , " Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D - Calif. , said .
Republicans suggested the program was not a major initiative and congressional briefing was not required .
They also suggested Democrats were seeking to use the development to back up claims by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - Calif. , that she was not briefed on the interrogation techniques used by the CIA .
The Times said Saturday Cheney could not be reached for comment .
The federal government issued a report Friday indicating Cheney 's office played a significant role in limiting awareness of a plan by a small group of government officials to eavesdrop without warrants .
SEOUL ( Reuters ) - North Korean authorities seized a South Korean fishing boat this week because the vessel illegally intruded into the North ’s territorial waters , Pyongyang ’s state media said on Saturday .
The report came two days after a South Korean military official said the North had towed the fishing boat to one of its ports .
The incident comes at a time of chilling ties between the two Koreas and while analysts say Pyongyang is in the midst of a sensitive process of resolving the leadership succession in Asia ’s only communist dynasty .
“ A patrol ship of the Navy of the Korean People ’s Army captured one ship of South Korea on July 30 when it illegally intruded deep into the DPRK territorial waters in the East Sea of Korea , ” the North ’s official KCNA news agency said .
“ A relevant institution is conducting a concrete investigation into it at present , ” it added .
The South has asked its neighbor to allow the vessel and its crew of four to return .
Fishing and other light vessels from both sides have strayed into the waters of the other in recent years where crews have been returned .
But hundreds of other fishermen are thought to be held by the North after being abducted off the coast .
In the latest case , the boat appears to have strayed across the border on the east coast of the peninsula where it was intercepted by a North Korean patrol boat , the South Korean military official said on Thursday .
North Korea , already a pariah state , has become even more isolated by the international community in recent months after a series of missile launches and its second nuclear test which resulted in tighter U.N. sanctions .
[ PyQt ] PyQt Licensing
First off , many thanks for not pestering me about this - it is greatly appreciated .
In a nutshell , the PyQt licensing will not be changed in the short term .
This is mainly a financial decision - I want to ensure that PyQt development , and that of other software , can still be funded .
For the moment an least , making an LGPL version available would be too much of a risk - particularly as it would be impossible to reverse such a decision if it proved to be a mistake - but it is something that I will continually review .
I have made one change to the PyQt commercial license to address a legitimate complaint .
I have removed the restriction that prevented the re-licensing of GPL code .
In other words if you have a successful GPL application and want to sell a commercial version then you can do - so long as you buy commercial PyQt licenses before you start selling .
To do this you have to use the LGPL version of Qt as I think the commercial Qt license still imposes the restriction .
Phil
WASHINGTON  With Republicans mobilizing against the proposed health care overhaul , President Obama , Congressional Democrats and leading advocacy groups are laying the groundwork for an August offensive against the insurance industry as part of a coordinated campaign to sell the public on the need for reform .
The effort will feature town - hall - style meetings by lawmakers and the president , including a swing through Western states by Mr. Obama , grass - roots lobbying efforts and a blitz of expensive television advertising .
It is intended to drive home the message that revamping the health care system will protect consumers by ending unpopular insurance industry practices , like refusing patients with pre-existing conditions .
“ I think what we want to communicate is that this is going to give people who have insurance a degree of security and stability , the protection that they do n’t have today against the sort of mercurial judgments of insurance bureaucrats , ” said David Axelrod , a senior adviser to Mr. Obama , adding , “ Our job is to help folks understand how this will help them . ”
Revamping health care is the president ’s top legislative priority , and people on all sides of the debate agree that August , when lawmakers leave Washington to take the pulse of constituents , will be crucial to shaping public opinion .
With Republicans making headway by casting the legislation as a costly government takeover , Democrats have decided they must answer the question on the minds of those now insured : “ What ’s in it for me ? ”
The folks at Facebook do n't seem to be taking much downtime this summer .
After announcing a revamped approach to user privacy control this week , the Facebook team is now preparing to launch a new and improved Facebook application for the iPhone .
All the changes come as Facebook makes big gains in the social media world .
The site just recently overtook MySpace for the first time as America 's most popular social network .
Add onto that the company 's upcoming Xbox integration and recent high - profile personalized URL addition , and things certainly seem to be going Facebook 's way .
Facebook : From Privacy to iPhone
The updated Facebook iPhone app , one would imagine , will only add to the buzz .
The app , said to be " 98 percent done , " is being called Facebook for iPhone 3.0 .
An actual release date has not been finalized , according to an announcement posted to Facebook 's iPhone page -- but that 's not stopping us from getting a sneak peek at what 's inside .
The next Facebook iPhone app will feature a completely new home screen with easier access to the site 's various functions .
It 'll also incorporate the live - streaming news feed now seen on Facebook 's Web interface , along with the recently added " like " option to express your support for friends ' updates .
The Facebook for iPhone 3.0 home screen will offer expanded customization , too , allowing you to add links to profiles and pages of your choice .
Other improvements said to be on tap :
• Expanded photo functionality , including the ability to create new albums , upload photos directly into an album , zoom into photos , and tag photos
• Built - in options to call or text your Facebook friends from within the application
• Improved handling of notifications
• Added support for events , including the ability to RSVP
• Added support for notes and pages
Support for push notification , one of the features added into the iPhone 3.0 operating system , wo n't make it into this release .
It is , however , being planned for a 3.1 update tentatively scheduled to ship later this summer .
Connect with JR Raphael on Twitter ( @jr_raphael ) or via his Web site , jrstart.com .
OPINION : Instead of passing an anachronistic and medieval blasphemy law , we should be building a secular Ireland , writes MICHAEL NUGENT
WHY HAS Dermot Ahern , in 2009 , made blasphemy a crime punishable by a fine of € 25,000 ?
When this anachronistic part of the now Defamation
Act is signed into law ( it passed through the Oireachtas last night but only on the casting vote of the chair of the Seanad ) , Atheist Ireland will quickly test it by publishing a blasphemous statement .
People need protection from harm , but ideas and beliefs should always be open to challenge .
The new law is both silly and dangerous .
It is silly because it revives a medieval religious crime in a modern pluralist republic .
And it is dangerous because it incentivises religious outrage , by making it the first trigger for defining blasphemy .
The problematic behaviour here is the outrage , not the expression of different beliefs .
Instead of incentivising outrage , we should be educating people to respond in a more healthy manner than outrage when somebody expresses a belief that they find insulting .
The law also discriminates against atheist citizens by protecting the fundamental beliefs of religious people only .
Why should religious beliefs be protected by law in ways that scientific or political or other secular beliefs are not ?
Here ’s the background .
The Constitution says that blasphemy is an offence that shall be punishable by law .
That law currently resides in the 1961 Defamation Act .
Because he was repealing this Act , Ahern said he had to pass a new blasphemy law to avoid leaving “ a void ” .
But this “ void ” was already there .
In 1999 , the Supreme Court found that the 1961 law was unenforceable because it did not define blasphemy .
In effect , we have never had an enforceable blasphemy law under the 1937 Constitution .
After several retreats ,
Ahern claimed both that he had to propose this law in order to respect the Constitution , and also that he was amending it to “ make it virtually impossible to get a successful prosecution ” .
How is that respecting the Constitution ?
This type of “ nod and wink ” politics brings our laws , and our legislature , into disrepute .
In practice , we can not be certain how our courts will interpret unnecessary laws , as we discovered after the abortion referendum .
Also , the matter might be taken out of our hands .
In 2005 , the Greek courts found a book of cartoons to be blasphemous , and issued a European arrest warrant for the Austrian cartoonist who drew them .
This can be done if the same crime exists in both jurisdictions .
Instead , we should remove the blasphemy reference from the Constitution by referendum .
Many independent bodies have advised this , including the Council of Europe in a report last year co-written by the director general of the Irish Attorney General .
We could do this on October 2nd , the same day as the Lisbon referendum .
It could be the first step towards gradually building an ethical and secular Ireland .
We should be removing all of the 1930s religious references from the Constitution , not legislating to enforce them .
The preamble to our Constitution states that all authority of the State comes from a specific god called the Most Holy Trinity .
It also humbly acknowledges all of the obligations of the people of the State to a specific god called Our Lord Jesus Christ .
Up to a quarter of a million Irish atheists cannot become President or a judge unless they take a religious oath .
These religious declarations are contrary to Ireland ’s obligations under the UN International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights .
The Constitution also states that the homage of public worship is due to Almighty God .
This is much more than an assertion of the right of citizens to worship this god .
It is an assertion of the right of this god to be publicly worshipped by citizens .
Our parliament recognises the rights of this god by praying to it every day .
This prayer explicitly asks this god to direct the actions of our parliamentarians , so that their every word and work may always begin from and be happily ended by Christ Our Lord .
Atheist Ireland is an advocacy group that campaigns for an ethical and secular Ireland , where the State does not support or fund or give special treatment to any religion .
As well as a secular Constitution , we want to see a secular education system .
Most primary schools in the Republic of Ireland are privately run denominational schools with a religion - integrated curriculum .
This denies most children access to a secular education .
It also affects teachers who are not religious .
We are also launching a campaign encouraging people to read the Bible and other sacred books .
Objectively reading the Bible is one of the strongest arguments for rejecting the idea of gods as intervening creators or moral guides .
We will be holding our first annual general meeting from 2 pm to 5 pm this Saturday , in Wynn ’s Hotel in Dublin .
Members of the public are invited , if you want to help our campaign to repeal the blasphemy law and to build an ethical and secular Ireland .
Michael Nugent was involved recently in setting up Atheist Ireland – www.atheist.ie
Stereographic Projection Photography – 100 Little Planets
Stereographic projection photography can be a mouthful to explain .
To save any confusion , we ’ll send you over to gadl on Flickr who pretty much dominates the little planet photographs there and gives a great explanation about how this all works on his wee planets set .
Here are 100 little planet examples .
Somalia 's Islamists are accused of links to al - Qaeda Two French security advisers seized in Somalia this week have been split up and are now being held by two different hard - line groups , reports say .
The pair were snatched by gunmen from a Mogadishu hotel on Tuesday and were being held by the Hizbul - Islam group .
But officials say the al - Shabab group wanted them and after a row , Hizbul - Islam handed one of the men over .
Al - Shabab has recently carried out several beheadings , amputations and stonings in the areas it controls .
They are allied with Hizbul - Islam against the UN - backed interim government and together control much of southern Somalia .
Both groups are said to have links to al - Qaeda and have been reinforced by foreign fighters .
' Bear responsibility '
The BBC's Somali Service editor Yusuf Garaad Omar says al - Shabab is known for being the more radical of the two groups .
He says the hostage held by al - Shabab fighters is likely to face greater problems because they care little for their public image and have carried out killings on camera .
Meeting al - Shabab Somali justice , Islamist - style A group of gunmen dressed in military uniform seized the men on Tuesday morning and handed them over to Hizbul - Islam .
The move apparently sparked a row with al - Shabab , which managed to persuade the other group to hand over one of the hostages .
An unnamed al - Shabab militant told Reuters the two men had been shared " to avoid clashes between Islamists " .
Somali Foreign Minister Mohamed Abdullahi
Omar urged the rebel groups not to politicise the situation .
" So far , it remains a monetary issue , not a political one , " he told AFP news agency .
Somali Prime Minister Omar Abdirashid Ali Sharmarke , meanwhile , warned Hizbul - Islam they would " bear responsibility for any harmful action taken against the hostages " .
The French advisers were reportedly helping to train the forces of government , which has recently appealed for foreign help to tackle the Islamists .
The US last month confirmed that it has sent weapons to the government , which is also being protected by some 4,000 African Union troops in Mogadishu .
Somalia has not had a functioning national government since 1991 .
Moderate Islamist Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed was sworn in as president in January after UN - brokered peace talks .
He promised to introduce Sharia law but the hardliners accuse him of being a western stooge .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Harry Reid launches his harshest attack on the Republican Party in months .
Reid : GOP 'run by a talk show host '
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid launched his harshest attack on the Republican Party in months , claiming the GOP is " being run by a talk show host . "
Reid , armed with a patch of Astroturf , slammed Republicans for sponsoring town hall attacks on Democrats and accused the party of waging a barricade on Democratic efforts to pass health care reform legislation .
Advertisement
" I just want to show you what Astroturf really is , " Reid said to laughter .
" They 're taking their cues from talk show hosts , Internet rumor mongers , and insurance rackets . "
" I just think , as I 've said before , it 's not often that you try to blow yourself up , but that 's obviously what they 're trying to do with all this vexatious stuff they 're doing with these meetings , the birthers .
It 's a party being run by a talk show host , " Reid said .
A senior Republican Senate aide shot back : " Harry Reid will be surprised to learn that not only do the people he routinely insults have opinions , they also vote .
Right now the ' astroturf ' is out - polling Harry Reid 60 - 40 in Nevada . "
But Democrats seemed to be on a roll with their pushback Thursday .
" These guys do n't care about you , " Senate Majority Whip Dick Durbin said of the town hall protesters .
" They care about YouTube . "
" We can spot a ringer , " Durbin said .
Reid acknowledged that Democrats faced questions about their health care reform push , but he said the party was gradually working through and making progress in what he described as a difficult legislative process .
" People have concerns about it .
Rightfully so .
They should have concerns about it .
We all have concerns about it , " he said .
" But even if people have concerns about it , they should n't stand in the way of a process that is one that is deliberative and trying to arrive at a product that we can all be proud of . "
i Stockphoto
IT IS an oft - told story , but it does not get any less horrific on repetition .
Fifteen years ago , a paedophile enticed seven - year - old Megan Kanka into his home in New Jersey by offering to show her a puppy .
He then raped her , killed her and dumped her body in a nearby park .
The murderer , who had recently moved into the house across the street from his victim , had twice before been convicted of sexually assaulting a child .
Yet Megan 's parents had no idea of this .
Had they known he was a sex offender , they would have told their daughter to stay away from him .
In their grief , the parents started a petition , demanding that families should be told if a sexual predator moves nearby .
Hundreds of thousands signed it .
In no time at all , lawmakers in New Jersey granted their wish .
And before long , “ Megan 's laws ” had spread to every American state .
America 's sex - offender laws are the strictest of any rich democracy .
Convicted rapists and child - molesters are given long prison sentences .
When released , they are put on sex - offender registries .
In most states this means that their names , photographs and addresses are published online , so that fearful parents can check whether a child - molester lives nearby .
Under the Adam Walsh Act of 2006 , another law named after a murdered child , all states will soon be obliged to make their sex - offender registries public .
Such rules are extremely popular .
Most parents will support any law that promises to keep their children safe .
Other countries are following America 's example , either importing Megan 's laws or increasing penalties : after two little girls were murdered by a school caretaker , Britain has imposed multiple conditions on who can visit schools .
Which makes it all the more important to ask whether America 's approach is the right one .
In fact its sex - offender laws have grown self - defeatingly harsh ( see article ) .
They have been driven by a ratchet effect .
Individual American politicians have great latitude to propose new laws .
Stricter curbs on paedophiles win votes .
And to sound severe , such curbs must be stronger than the laws in place , which in turn were proposed by politicians who wished to appear tough themselves .
Few politicians dare to vote against such laws , because if they do , the attack ads practically write themselves .
A whole Wyoming of offenders
In all , 674,000 Americans are on sex - offender registries — more than the population of Vermont , North Dakota or Wyoming .
The number keeps growing partly because in several states registration is for life and partly because registries are not confined to the sort of murderer who ensnared Megan Kanka .
According to Human Rights
Watch , at least five states require registration for people who visit prostitutes , 29 require it for consensual sex between young teenagers and 32 require it for indecent exposure .
Some prosecutors are now stretching the definition of “ distributing child pornography ” to include teens who text half - naked photos of themselves to their friends .
How dangerous are the people on the registries ?
A state review of one sample in Georgia found that two - thirds of them posed little risk .
For example , Janet Allison was found guilty of being “ party to the crime of child molestation ” because she let her 15 - year - old daughter have sex with a boyfriend .
The young couple later married .
But Ms Allison will spend the rest of her life publicly branded as a sex offender .
Several other countries have sex - offender registries , but these are typically held by the police and are hard to view .
In America it takes only seconds to find out about a sex offender : some states have a “ click to print ” icon on their websites so that concerned citizens can put up posters with the offender 's mugshot on trees near his home .
Small wonder most sex offenders report being harassed .
A few have been murdered .
Many are fired because someone at work has Googled them .
Registration is often just the start .
Sometimes sex offenders are barred from living near places where children congregate .
In Georgia no sex offender may live or work within 1,000 feet ( 300 metres ) of a school , church , park , skating rink or swimming pool .
In Miami an exclusion zone of 2,500 feet has helped create a camp of homeless offenders under a bridge .
Make the punishment fit the crime
There are three main arguments for reform .
First , it is unfair to impose harsh penalties for small offences .
Perhaps a third of American teenagers have sex before they are legally allowed to , and a staggering number have shared revealing photographs with each other .
This is unwise , but hardly a reason for the law to ruin their lives .
Second , America 's sex laws often punish not only the offender , but also his family .
If a man who once slept with his 15 - year - old girlfriend is barred for ever from taking his own children to a playground , those children suffer .
Third , harsh laws often do little to protect the innocent .
The police complain that having so many petty sex offenders on registries makes it hard to keep track of the truly dangerous ones .
Cash that might be spent on treating sex offenders — which sometimes works — is spent on huge indiscriminate registries .
Public registers drive serious offenders underground , which makes them harder to track and more likely to reoffend .
And registers give parents a false sense of security : most sex offenders are never even reported , let alone convicted .
It would not be hard to redesign America 's sex laws .
Instead of lumping all sex offenders together on the same list for life , states should assess each person individually and include only real threats .
Instead of posting everything on the internet , names could be held by the police , who would share them only with those , such as a school , who need to know .
Laws that bar sex offenders from living in so many places should be repealed , because there is no evidence that they protect anyone : a predator can always travel .
The money that a repeal saves could help pay for monitoring compulsive molesters more intrusively — through ankle bracelets and the like .
In America it may take years to unpick this .
However practical and just the case for reform , it must overcome political cowardice , the tabloid media and parents ' understandable fears .
Other countries , though , have no excuse for committing the same error .
Sensible sex laws are better than vengeful ones .
Ah , sexual enhancers .
If you listened to every spammer who ever sent an unwanted email into your inbox , you ’d be drowning in the things .
Cock rings , Levitra , herbal supplements … the possibilities are endless .
A select few of these items truly do rake in money for their manufacturers .
Thanks to spammers , you are probably already familiar with most of them .
We decided to research which sexual enhancers are most profitable .
For the purposes of this article , sexual enhancer is defined as a product that improves the sexual experience .
Because statistics in this niche either do not exist or are prohibitively expensive , we researched this article independently .
We based the most profitable sexual enhancers on a combination of markup and sales volume .
Our evidence comes from surveying sex shops and conducting online research .
This list of 10 is the result .
Viagra
( Sildenafil )
First released in 1998 , Pfizer ’s Viagra was the first erectile dysfunction drug to hit the market .
Researchers unexpectedly discovered the drug ’s true benefits while using it on angina patients .
It did little for the heart condition , but did have one prominent side effect — erections .
So Pfizer changed gears , and the worldwide market rose to the occasion .
More than a decade later , the Blue Pill is still going strong .
Pfizer reported $ 1.9 billion in sales revenues last year alone .
Generic Viagra wo n’t be available until 2011 , so the drug ’s trajectory remains stiff .
Note : Viagra , as well as the other ED drugs mentioned below , are licensed and approved for erectile dysfunction .
ED is a medical condition requiring multiple exams , diagnostic studies , and long - term care .
However , drug companies have marketed the drug for enhancement purposes , and the market has picked them up as such .
We do n’t want to encourage pill - popping .
Yet we also ca n’t ignore market forces , so we included these drugs on our list as sexual enhancers .
Cialis
( Lilly )
Cialis is like Viagra…on Viagra .
Eli Lilly ’s little pill , unlike its shorter - lived forebear , lasts up to 36 hours .
Its patent also has a longer life , so Lilly will be enjoying the benefits of its “ Weekend Pill ” for some time to come .
2008 sales amounted to $ 1.44 billion .
Lube
People will pay more than $ 10 / bottle for a bottle of personal lubricant .
Apparently , reducing friction during sexual activity is that important .
The lube market is so lucrative that manufacturers now develop the product in niches .
Warming lube , scented , thick , thin , desensitizing , spermicidal — there ’s something for everyone .
Most brands of lube come from humble beginnings .
K-Y Jelly started as a surgical lubricant .
Astroglide , meanwhile , was the result of a chemistry accident .
Chemist Dan Wray , founder and CEO of Astroglide manufacturer BioFilms , was working on a space shuttle ’s cooling at Edwards Airforce Base when he discovered Astroglide .
“ I was trying to remove the oil from anhydrous ammonia and I ended up with this substance , ” he is quoted as saying in this North County Times article .
“ I gave a pint of it to a co-worker as a gag gift , and when he came back for a refill , I knew I had a product . ”
Cock Rings
According to the 2008 Durex Sexual Wellbeing Survey , of men have reported trouble sustaining an erection .
Enter the cock ring .
This circular device , made of silicon , rubber , or other materials , sits at the base of the penis , where it constricts blood flow .
As a result , men can hold erections for longer periods of time .
With a cock ring , the erect penis can also become larger and harder .
No wonder cock rings fly off sex shop shelves .
Our sources say that single - use cock rings , like the one by Trojan ( pictured above ) , are especially popular .
Vibrators mounted on top of the cock rings add extra pleasure .
They ’re disposable , so newbies can experiment without committing to a higher - priced ring .
The Rabbit
Arguably the bestselling vibrator in the world , the rabbit was popularized by episode 9 of the first series of Sex and the City .
The rabbit , a clitoral / anal stimulator mounted on a dildo , penetrates the vagina and tickles the clitoris ( or anus ) at the same time .
The dildo component may rotate , contain plastic pearls , or function at several different vibration intensities .
And if Sex and the City was n’t enough , someone also made a mockumentary about the rabbit .
Levitra
( Bayer )
Bayer ’s Levitra is another Viagra - like addition to the ED pack .
Unfortunately for Bayer , it does n’t have Cialis ’ half - life , or Bayer ’s first - mover advantages .
One expert says that the rigidity and “ speed of erection ” offered by Levitra make it the levitator of choice for some .
Still , it only made an estimated $ 354 million last year , lagging far behind its peers .
The Butterfly
The ancient Greeks used vulvar massage to treat hysteria .
Once a patient reached “ hysterical paroxysm , ” she was cured .
The practice continued through the 19th century , when medical professionals decided that mechanizing the manual process might save time and effort .
Enter the vibrator , an electric device that allowed women to attain paroxysm in under 10 minutes .
( From Slate Magazine . )
The butterfly is one of the most popular modern vibrators on the market .
The butterfly itself sits on the clitoris and labia , stimulating both through vibrations .
Straps around the thighs or waist hold it in place .
You activate it through either an attached control panel or a remote control .
Best yet , the vibe fits in your pocket , or underneath your pants .
Herbal enhancer pills
Herbal sexual enhancer pills are sold over - the - counter .
They are usually made from a combination of herbal stimulants , amino acids , and / or synthetic hormones .
People buy the pills as alternatives to prescription drugs like Viagra .
Many boast flashy brand names , like Stiffnights .
Common substances in herbal enhancers include :
Yohimbine : Derived from the bark of a tree native to Africa .
Stimulates sexual desire and contributes to erections .
Horny Goat Weed : From a forest plant native to Asia and Europe .
Is said to cause erections .
Yi Ye Cao : A Chinese herb that stimulates ejaculation .
Tongkat Ali : Southeast Asian herb said to enhance testosterone .
Manufacturers claim that one pill can last up to 2 days .
The FDA does not regulate herbal enhancers , so they do carry an element of risk .
Nonetheless , these easy solutions have been around for millennia , and consumers show no signs of quitting them .
Supplements
An apple a day may keep the MD away , but a pill a day will give you a Ron Jeremy - sized endowment .
Just ask the guys trying to sell you supplements like VigRX and Extenze .
They ’ll tell you all about how their main event grew 3 inches in four months .
Impossible , thinks you ?
Perhaps .
But people still buy the stuff .
Which means spammers really do have a primordial notion of supply and demand .
If you really do think your penis will grow by taking supplements , bear in mind that , like herbal sexual enhancers , they ’re mostly made from herbs , amino acids , and synthetic hormones .
And , Mr. Big , they are not FDA - approved .
Take them at your own risk .
The We - Vibe
Sometimes people get famous .
Other times , objects grab national attention .
Like Nintendo Wiis and Tickle - Me-Elmos .
And vibrators .
Like the We - Vibe .
This deceptively simple , pocket - sized gadget has made global headlines , attended Oscar parties , and been featured in magazines .
The little purple happy - maker stimulates the G - spot and the clitoris at the same time .
As the “ We ” part of the name indicates , it even leaves room for a man .
The $ 130 vibe , which , incidentally , was created by a laid - off Nortel engineer , flew off shelves last holiday season .
It shows no signs of stopping .
Will this miracle vag clamp ends up a fad or a classic ?
Time , as measured in female orgasms , will tell .
By Lizo Mzimba
Entertainment correspondent
Karen Gillan is playing the new Doctor 's companion Doctor Who fans have been given their first look at the new costume being worn by Matt Smith , the 11th actor to play the role .
The Time Lord 's new look consists of tweed jacket , bow tie , rolled up trousers and black boots .
Filming on the new episodes begins on Monday in Cardiff , with the new series going out in spring 2010 .
Smith is taking over from David Tennant , whose last episodes will be shown at the end of the year .
" I feel very privileged and proud to be part of this iconic show , " Smith said after arriving on set for his first day of filming .
' Come alive '
" The scripts are brilliant - I 'm excited about the future and all the brilliant adventures I get to go on as the Doctor . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement The Doctor will also have a new companion - Amy Pond - played by Karen Gillan , who meets the Time Lord in episode one of the new series .
There is also a changed team behind the scenes , led by new lead writer and executive producer Steven Moffat who will be responsible for the overall creative direction of the show , as well as plot and character arcs .
" Matt and Karen are going to be incredible , and Doctor Who is going to come alive on Saturday nights in a whole new way , " Moffat said .
Since its return in 2005 , Doctor Who has won a number of accolades , including Baftas and National Television Awards .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Zelda Wii : Five Ways Wii Motion Plus Can Make the Series Pop
by Brian Bentley [ Sunday , 2nd of August 2009 - 10:28 PM ]
Dual - wielding Wii Motion Plus Wiimotes – I know what you ’re thinking , that this would be more badass on a Star Wars game .
While I agree with you , let me humbly submit that a bonus feature or DLC where you get to go through a couple “ Link ’s Crossbow Training ” - esque levels brandishing two master swords .
Of course there is a movement problem of not having an analog stick when handling two Wiimotes .
Perhaps contextual arm movements or the Wii Fit board could be utilized .
– I know what you ’re thinking , that this would be more badass on a Star Wars game .
While I agree with you , let me humbly submit that a bonus feature or DLC where you get to go through a couple “ Link ’s Crossbow Training ” - esque levels brandishing two master swords .
Of course there is a movement problem of not having an analog stick when handling two Wiimotes .
Perhaps contextual arm movements or the Wii Fit board could be utilized .
Boomerang –
By now you probably have seen the mini-game in Wii Sports Resort where you , the user , throw a Frisbee and your dog catches or retrieves it .
The Boomerang in Legend of Zelda Wii would employ the same principles .
Your true arm movements would dictate where your boomerang ( and subsequent tornado , if that returns ) will head and the accelerometer would calculate the speed and distance it would receive .
This will be tricky to master but locking onto a target would probably aid you in the process .
– By now you probably have seen the mini-game in Wii Sports Resort where you , the user , throw a Frisbee and your dog catches or retrieves it .
The Boomerang in Legend of Zelda Wii would employ the same principles .
Your true arm movements would dictate where your boomerang ( and subsequent tornado , if that returns ) will head and the accelerometer would calculate the speed and distance it would receive .
This will be tricky to master but locking onto a target would probably aid you in the process .
Bow &Arrow –
The bow and arrow is a staple of Link ’s repertoire as much as any other weapon in the game .
It has been used to trip traps , solve puzzles , snipe enemies and ultimately to help destroy Ganon .
Once again , I ’ll reference Wii Motion Plus and their archery competition .
Being able to pull back on your Wiimote for power and to aim your shot true would be challenging to perfect and extremely fun .
Locking onto a target would aid you but I know I , for one , would only use the targeting in dire situations .
– The bow and arrow is a staple of Link ’s repertoire as much as any other weapon in the game .
It has been used to trip traps , solve puzzles , snipe enemies and ultimately to help destroy Ganon .
Once again , I ’ll reference Wii Motion Plus and their archery competition .
Being able to pull back on your Wiimote for power and to aim your shot true would be challenging to perfect and extremely fun .
Locking onto a target would aid you but I know I , for one , would only use the targeting in dire situations .
Master Sword –
You knew this was coming .
People have clamored for this since Nintendo announced they were porting Twilight Princess to the Wii .
To have one - to - one control between you and Link would truly immerse the game experience to levels yet unheard of outside of science fiction .
Playing Red Steel 2 at E3 just a couple months ago showed me that even Wii Motion Plus is n’t perfect ( I was n’t able to stab ) .
Then again , Link does n't really employ the stab and I ’m sure Nintendo is a little better at utilizing their peripheral than Ubisoft .
– You knew this was coming .
People have clamored for this since Nintendo announced they were porting Twilight Princess to the Wii .
To have one - to - one control between you and Link would truly immerse the game experience to levels yet unheard of outside of science fiction .
Playing Red Steel 2 at E3 just a couple months ago showed me that even Wii Motion Plus is n’t perfect ( I was n’t able to stab ) .
Then again , Link does n't really employ the stab and I ’m sure Nintendo is a little better at utilizing their peripheral than Ubisoft .
Customization – None of these suggestions and others that ran through my mind for this article ( bomb throwing and using the hookshot on absolutely every surface ) would mean anything without being able to customize my experience .
Nintendo , do n’t force me into a control scheme .
If a user does n't like one - to - one sword control , that is perfectly acceptable to return to swinging a sword with the Twilight Princess setup or better yet , map it to a button .
Hell , use the Gamecube or Classic controller .
There are more than enough buttons on both of those to sustain an entire control layout .
I ’m not talking choose one of three control schemes , I mean true customization .
I want the new bow&arrow style on , but the boomerang off .
We 've almost closed the book on the first decade of the 21st century , Nintendo , it is time to give us a Legend of Zelda game where we decide how we will play and ultimately defeat Ganon…again .
I just noticed that Perl Best Practices is copyright 2005 .
When it came out , I thought it showed a professional side to Perl programming , a side that is more than just line noise and slapped - together glue scripts .
I remember someone ’s review more or less said that it was something that you could show your boss or show your team and use to cut through the TIMTOWTDI excuse for people ’s bad code .
I did n’t agree with everything , and I was n’t alone .
There are critiques scattered across various reviews , blogs and posts .
For example , here were a couple that I dug up :
But by provoking a debate about just what was or was n’t a best practice , Damian helped jump - start broader attempts to advocate a more professional approach to Perl programming .
( c.f. Perl : : Critic , Modern Perl Books , Enlightened Perl , or Catalyzed.org )
Four years is a long time in the Perl world .
Even if the PBP Table of Contents is about right , many of the ‘ best practices ’ themselves are probably woefully out of date .
A new version would probably include features in Perl5 Version 10 like given / when , smart matching and named captures .
Moose is a much better ‘ best practice ’ for object - oriented Perl than Class : : Std . ( ( And inside - out objects are better done with Object : : InsideOut or Class : : InsideOut anyway ) ) .
Perl : : Critic should be in there .
And I ’m sure there are plenty more .
Why do we need a second edition ?
Because anything new has to compete for oxygen and credibility against this one book with a great title written in 2005 .
And only a book – not an article on the web – can have the same “ smack it down on the desk to end the argument ” impact that PBP had when it came out .
Perl Best Practices have changed .
It ’s time for the second edition .
O’Reilly , are you listening ?
Thanks for your visit .
I have relocated to Beijing , so my old campaign page is now offline .
By Katty Kay
BBC News , McAllen , Texas
McAllen hospitals have state of the art equipment
In the country that reveres the free market , competition is supposed to drive quality up and costs down .
But not in healthcare - and not in McAllen , Texas .
In the past 15 years , this sleepy town has reinvented itself as a boom place for modern medicine .
Wherever you look there are hospitals , clinics , and laboratories .
In the same period the cost of healthcare has soared faster here than anywhere else in the country .
The ' McAllen problem ' McAllen , on average , now spends $ 14,946 ( £ 9,263 ) on healthcare for every patient enrolled in the government 's Medicare scheme , almost double the national average of $ 8,304 per Medicare enrollee .
Patients in McAllen certainly receive more tests and treatment for their money .
Research by the Harvard doctor Atul Gawande for a recent New Yorker article found that critically - ill elderly patients in McAllen received 50 % more specialist visits than in another Texan town , El Paso , which is some 800 miles ( 1,200 km ) away .
Doctors in McAllen ordered 20 % more abdominal ultrasounds , 30 % more bone density studies and 550 % more urine - flow studies to look for prostate problems , Dr Gawande reported .
But the extra dollars and extra tests do not appear to translate into better care .
Hospitals in El Paso - which has a similar population , but spends just $ 7,504 per Medicare patient - recently performed better than McAllen hospitals on 23 out of 25 health indicators .
Thanks to Dr Gawande 's New Yorker article , the crisis in McAllen has even caught the attention of President Obama : the puzzle of why some places spend so much on treatment without providing better healthcare is apparently known in the White House as the " McAllen problem " .
So what exactly is causing the problem ?
We spoke to Dr Lester Dyke , a McAllen heart surgeon .
He believes the fusion of business and medicine here has gone too far , and that profit rather than patient need drives many decisions .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement President Barack Obama says the road to reform begins with rewarding doctors and hospitals for quality instead of quantity .
He has praised the performance of several non-profit hospitals for providing excellent care at low cost .
But at McAllen 's newest hospital , staff believe they have an alternative model .
The Doctors Hospital at Renaissance makes a profit but is physician - owned .
Critics say this creates a conflict of interest and that staff at the hospital are under pressure to increase output by ordering unnecessary tests and referring patients to fellow investors .
The hospital rejects such allegations and insists that because doctors , not bureaucrats , run the hospital , decisions are made on a clinical rather than financial basis .
State of the art The Doctors Hospital is undeniably impressive .
During a tour of the neo-natal intensive care unit we saw Justin .
He was born at just 25 weeks gestation and weighed barely more than 1lb ( 0.45kg ) .
Now , he was sleeping soundly inside an incubator .
The latest technology , expert doctors and a high nurse - to - patient ratio helped save Justin 's life .
It was a story repeated in every part of the hospital we were shown .
Patients with expensive private insurance have long expected such standards .
Yet at the Doctors Hospital just 16 % of patients have private coverage .
The remainder are uninsured or on federal programmes for the poor and elderly , so most of the cost of the high standard of care at the hospital is actually being paid by the government .
But can America afford to subsidise such high quality care for the poor and uninsured , or should healthcare be rationed ?
We may tell a patient there 's no medical need to send out a nurse again .
But they 'll find a doctor and agency that does n't care about that
Tara Sabal
Manager , Health Care Unlimited Dr Carlos Cardenas , the chairman of the hospital 's board , refuses to consider rationing : " To have the availability of something and not make it available to some would be to say it 's OK for you to have it but not for others to have it . "
I press him on whether America can really afford it .
He talks about efficiencies and savings , but concedes : " I do n't know the answer ... but what we 're doing here is a step in the right direction . "
Doctors and hospitals are only one part of a $ 2.4tn puzzle .
There are huge vested interests in the system - drug companies and private insurers - who want Americans to carry on consuming as much medicine as possible , even though too much medicine can sometimes be harmful .
Every year , for example , approximately 100,000 Americans die from complications with surgery , far more than the 40,000 that are killed in car accidents annually .
But moves to treat patients away from hospitals and in the home are also open to abuse and sky - rocketing costs .
Sweeteners
Once again McAllen is an example of excess .
We visited McAllen resident Samuel Sanchez .
He is recovering from a stroke , so a nurse from homecare agency Health Care Unlimited visits regularly to help with his rehabilitation .
Tara Sabal , who helps run the firm , says that in the past decade the number of agencies in the region has exploded .
They depend on doctors to refer patients to them - and sometimes offer incentives to secure those referrals .
Health Care Unlimited refuses to play the game , but Ms Sabal describes the kind of sweeteners other agencies offer doctors .
" Monthly stipends , that range ... from $ 1,000 to $ 5,000 up .
Cars for their wives , private tuition for the children .
Lunches at whatever restaurant they want to go to .
Anything from material to monetary , " she says .
Ms Sabal is frustrated by the lack of regulation and oversight .
" The government 's not coming to those agencies ... and saying : ' I want to see how you spend your money . ' "
New technology saved baby Justin 's life at the Doctors Hospital at Renaissance
The abuse does not stop with referrals , Ms Sabal insists .
Patients are not discouraged from demanding more and more treatment because doctors have a financial incentive to sign the prescription .
Since almost all patients here are on Medicare , once again the government picks up the bill .
" We may tell a patient there 's no medical need to send out a nurse again .
But they 'll find a doctor and agency that does n't care about that .
So the patient gets what they want in the end - but maybe it's not what 's best for them . "
In America , customers are king - and patients have that mindset too .
Mention rationing and critics scream " socialised medicine " .
But what McAllen shows is that more care does not necessarily equal better care .
The White House says both suppliers and consumers of healthcare need to learn this lesson .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
At a recent town hall meeting , a man stood up and told Representative Bob Inglis to “ keep your government hands off my Medicare . ”
The congressman , a Republican from South Carolina , tried to explain that Medicare is already a government program  but the voter , Mr. Inglis said , “ was n’t having any of it . ”
It ’s a funny story  but it illustrates the extent to which health reform must climb a wall of misinformation .
It ’s not just that many Americans do n’t understand what President Obama is proposing ; many people do n’t understand the way American health care works right now .
They do n’t understand , in particular , that getting the government involved in health care would n’t be a radical step : the government is already deeply involved , even in private insurance .
And that government involvement is the only reason our system works at all .
The key thing you need to know about health care is that it depends crucially on insurance .
You do n’t know when or whether you ’ll need treatment  but if you do , treatment can be extremely expensive , well beyond what most people can pay out of pocket .
Triple coronary bypasses , not routine doctor ’s visits , are where the real money is , so insurance is essential .
Yet private markets for health insurance , left to their own devices , work very badly : insurers deny as many claims as possible , and they also try to avoid covering people who are likely to need care .
Horror stories are legion : the insurance company that refused to pay for urgently needed cancer surgery because of questions about the patient ’s acne treatment ; the healthy young woman denied coverage because she briefly saw a psychologist after breaking up with her boyfriend .
Playing the Jesus Card
Benjamin Netanyahu has a problem .
The Obama administration is insisting on a settlements freeze , and the Israeli prime minister , who is resisting such demands , is not getting the support he might have expected from the U.S. pro-Israel community .
Usually , when an American President makes any sort of demand on Jerusalem , pro-Israel ( primarily Jewish ) organizations compel Congress to pressure the president to cease and desist .
It usually works .
But not this time .
So what ’s an Israeli leader to do ?
Netanyahu is resurrecting a tried and true strategy : Call on Christian fundamentalists — who see maintaining Israel ’s occupation as paramount — to galvanize popular pressure against Obama .
But just like the last time he played this trick , the tactic is unlikely to work magic for Bibi anytime soon .
For one thing , it ’s clear that Netanyahu is on shaky ground with the mainstream pro-Israel lobby on settlements .
At the president ’s meeting with Jewish leaders at the White House on July 13 , Obama heard virtually no criticism of his policy on settlements .
Even the more conservative Jewish groups held their tongues .
The only exception came when one participant urged the president not to change his policy but to keep his differences with Israel private , such that there would be " no daylight " visible between Israeli and American positions .
Obama responded that past administrations did not have much success with that approach .
" For eight years , there was no light between the United States and Israel , and nothing got accomplished , " he said .
There are numerous reasons why the Jewish community is not rushing to Netanyahu ’s defense .
First , there has never been much support in the United States for West Bank settlements .
AIPAC , the pro-Israel lobby , has never taken a stand favoring settlements nor have most of the other mainstream pro-Israel organizations .
The up - and - coming pro-Israel , pro-peace organizations like J Street and my employer , the Israel Policy Forum , oppose settlements and fully support the president ’s position .
On top of that , Netanyahu has never been a popular figure in the American Jewish community .
His last tenure as prime minister was a failure ; he was turned out of office in near - record time .
Yet even in this brief stint , he managed to antagonize the United States .
Remember , he came to office less than a year after the assassination of Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin , and moved quickly to undo the peace process .
Not surprisingly , that led to a swift deterioration in relations between Netanyahu and then President Bill Clinton , who had cherished his relationship both with Rabin and the Oslo peace process .
Sensing the frost , and knowing that getting in Clinton ’s good graces would require endorsing Oslo , Netanyahu turned to the Republicans and to the Christian Zionists for support .
There was nothing subtle about Netanyahu ’s embrace of the right .
In fact , during the Monica Lewinsky crisis — when he clearly believed Clinton was done for — the media carried reports about Netanyahu joking with House Speaker Newt Gingrich over some of the more salacious details of the affair .
At about the same time that Netanyahu started cozying up to right - wing Republicans , the Israeli government intensified its efforts to court so - called Christian Zionists .
These are fundamentalist Christians whose theology dictates unwavering support for the state of Israel .
Unlike most pro-Israel Jews , Christian Zionists emphatically support Israeli settlements and oppose the two - state solution .
By no means liberal , they do not raise questions about Israel ’s treatment of Palestinians .
They are , quite simply , Netanyahu ’s natural constituency — far more natural than the Jewish community , which tends to be too dovish for Bibi ’s taste .
So , sure enough , Netanyahu was the man of the hour at this week ’s Christians United For Israel ( CUFI ) conference in Washington .
The organization ’s founder , Pastor John Hagee , addressed Netanyahu — who was in Israel — by satellite , telling him that 50 million Christians support " Israel ’s sovereign right to grow and develop the settlements of Israel as you see fit and not yield to the pressure of the United States government . "
Netanyahu expressed his gratitude .
" Today millions of Christians stand with Israel because they stand for freedom , millions of Christians stand with Israel because they stand for truth , millions of Christians stand for Israel because they want to see genuine peace in the Holy Land , " he said .
The triumvirate of Netanyahu , Hagee , and Israeli Tourism Minister Stas Misezhnikov now plan to cement their alliance by conference call every three months .
It has all the makings of a zero sum game : Netanyahu and other right - wing Israelis hope that the support they gain from the Christian right can help make up for what they have lost among American liberals over the past several years .
It wo n’t .
Christian Zionists of the CUFI variety are hardcore Republicans .
Their votes are never up for grabs in elections because they are owned by the GOP — and not because of Israel .
Right - wing Christians , including Christian Zionists , support Republicans for the party ’s stance on abortion , gays , taxes and a host of other conservative issues .
Neither the Democrats ( who will never get their votes or their campaign contributions ) nor the Republicans ( who will always get both ) have any need to court them .
So , loud and organized as they are , this subset of the American right is not a major political player .
On the Israel issue , the only domestic constituency that matters is the Jewish community and , thus far , it is supporting Obama — not Netanyahu — on the settlements issue and the peace process .
That should be no surprise , given that most Jews are Democrats and 78 percent of them voted for Obama over McCain .
So long as that support holds , Obama has a free hand on Arab - Israeli affairs .
And it will hold as long as the president ’s popularity remains high .
If Obama ’s support declines –whether due to a failure on healthcare or anything else — some of his Jewish support will erode too .
And that would give Netanyahu the opening he wants to enlist the Jewish community in his effort to stop Obama ’s pressure on Israel .
In any case , it will be the Jews who make the difference , not Netanyahu ’s irrelevant fundamentalist Christian allies .
Like most card tricks , this one is pretty easy to crack .
A Texan judge has ordered Microsoft to stop selling MS Word in US because it infringes on a patent hold by i4i .
i4i , a Toronto based corporation , filed a complaint ( PDF ) in March 2007 alleging that Microsoft is infringing a patent :
United States Patent No. 5,787,449 ( “ the ‘ 449 Patent ” ) entitled “ Method and System for Manipulating the Architecture and the Content of a Document Separately from Each Other , ” … issued … on July 28 , 1998 .
The complaint specifies that Microsoft infringes the patent through
… making , using , selling , offering to sell , and / or importing in or into United States , without authority , Word 2003 , Word 2007 , NET Framework , and Windows Vista .
Also , Microsoft ’s acts are considered deliberate :
Microsoft has knowledge of the ‘ 449 Patent , and has not ceased its infringing activities .
Microsoft ’s infringement of the ‘ 449 Patent has been and continues to be willful and deliberate .
The complaint contains a copy of the ‘ 449 Patent .
Leonard Davis , a US District Judge , has issued his final judgment ( PDF ) yesterday ( Aug. 11th ) finding that :
Defendant Microsoft Corporation ( “ Microsoft ” ) is found to have unlawfully infringed U.S. Patent No. 5,787,449 ( the “ ‘ 449 patent ” ) .
Defendant Microsoft is found to have infringed the ‘ 449 patent willfully .
The Court awards damages to i4i for Microsoft ’s infringement of the ‘ 449 patent in the amount of $ 200,000,000 .
i4i is further awarded enhanced damages of $ 40,000,000 for Microsoft ’s willful infringement .
i4i is further awarded post - verdict damages of $ 144,060 per day from May 21 , 2009 until the date of this Final Judgment .
i4i is further awarded pre-judgment interest of $ 37,097,032 up to May 20 , 2009 and $ 21,102 per day thereafter until the date of this Final Judgment .
That is about 290 million dollars and counting .
Even more , the injunction ( PDF ) accompanying the judgment forbids Microsoft to sell Word 2003 , Word 2007 , and future Word products in US or to use them to “ open an XML file containing custom XML , ” but allows Microsoft to open XML documents as plain text files .
The judge did not mention .
NET Framework nor Windows Vista although i4i included those in their complaint .
Kevin Kutz , a spokesman for Microsoft , said
We are disappointed by the court 's ruling .
We believe the evidence clearly demonstrated that we do not infringe and that the i4i patent is invalid .
We will appeal the verdict .
It is clear that Microsoft will appeal the verdict and will probably settle the issue outside the court .
It is interesting that i4i makes x4o , an XML authoring tool for MS Word , so it is obviously not interested in killing Word .
Advertisements
After MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow mocked CNN ’s Lou Dobbs for calling her the , “ tea bagger queen ” yesterday on her show , Dobbs fired back today on his show .
He referred to Maddow as , “ a lunatic among the lily livered , limp minded , lefty lemmings . ”
Dobbs , who has “ questions ” about Obama ’s citizenship , thinks Maddow is mentally unstable .
That ’s a laugh .
Here is the audio courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Dobbs was explaining to a listener who submitted a complaint to FCC about Dobbs using the term tea bagger , and said , “ No way .
I think I referred to Rachel Maddow as the tea bagger queen , is that correct ?
I guess I do n’t know there must be some misunderstanding about what I said because I was just referring to her as the tea bagger queen because of the things she said back in mid-April with the tea parties going on , you know where people were sending tea bags to their congressman tea bags through the mail , and Rachel Maddow was very caught up in the moment . ”
Dobbs explained , “ Because of her fascination with the idea of the tea parties , and seemingly trying to mock the tea parties and the tea bagging , so I do n’t know what the issue is , and surely she would not engage in derogatory and obscene language .
Do you think she would ?
I do n’t think she would , so I hope the FCC does n’t get her in big trouble . ”
He then called Maddow a lunatic , “ I think Rachel Maddow is a very nice pleasant person .
You she is a lunatic among the lily livered , lefty lemmings , but other than that , I think she is doing ok . ”
I do n’t know what I find funnier , the idea that someone filed an FCC complaint against Dobbs for his use of the term tea bagger , or that he called Maddow a lunatic .
Now I could completely understand anyone referring to Keith Olbermann as a lunatic , especially when he slips into his frothing at the mouth liberal mode , but Rachel Maddow being called a lunatic by Lou Dobbs is hysterical .
Dobbs is going so far off the beaten path that he is starting to make Glenn Beck and Michael Savage look mainstream by comparison .
Maddow is such a lunatic that her show crushes Dobbs ’ CNN program in terms of overall viewers .
The replay of Maddow ’s programs draws almost as many viewers as Lou Dobbs tonight on CNN .
Dobbs is starting to get to the point where even Bill O’Reilly will have to look him someday and think , Lou has really lost it .
Fitness , lifestyle , and fashion , when going hand in hand , are the best of all combinations .
We often crave fitness , forgetting that we play a vital role in maintaining it .
We provide for blog posts and information that helps with knowing and learning about the correlations and interlinks between these different topics in depth .
We do not just provide for fresh and a handful of information , but also help with providing the best pathway to achieve your goals , desires , and dreams .
For a while just after I 'd moved into my new apartment I started having irrational fears about zombies being real .
I knew it was ridiculous and yet late at night I 'd think about what I 'd do if the movies ever came true .
What always had scared me about zombies is that your allies and loved ones can turn against you in a second so you would just have to fend for yourself .
Sometimes in the morning when I 'd leave before the sun came up I 'd have a moment where I 'd wonder if everything had changed over night while I was asleep and I could n't tell because no one else was up yet .
DESPITE a renewed crackdown by the security forces , Iran 's students are looking for clever new ways to keep their campaign for democracy going .
But it is a struggle .
Nearly all foreign journalists , bar a handful of agency reporters , are being kept out , so that channel of communication is barred .
Websites such as those of the BBC and Facebook are blocked .
The text - message system has been stop - go .
The authorities have randomly declared public holidays and told people to stay off the streets because of “ unhealthy pollution levels ” .
Security men in plain clothes stop people , especially young ones , at crossroads , to check their bags and identities .
Communication between Tehran and other big cities is similarly tricky ; there have been reports of dozens of students being arrested at a university in the central city of Isfahan , a former capital of Persia .
The authorities have closed down Tehran 's main university , where the Islamic Revolution began in 1979 .
Last month it witnessed bloody battles between police and students .
Stone - faced security men now stand guard at the front gate , while other entrances have been padlocked .
A small number of teachers and students favoured by the authorities are let in .
Final exams have been postponed until September , though a few were taken last month .
Graffiti praising Mir Hosein Mousavi , the thwarted presidential challenger , have been scrubbed off , leaving a huge officially sanctioned mural depicting the Statue of Liberty hurling rocks at cowering women and children .
Other centres of learning in Tehran , such as Amirkabir University of Technology and Sharif University , have also been locked down .
Many students say that all is lost .
“ At first , I was angry , ” says one at Shahid Beheshti University .
“ Then I was disappointed .
Now I just feel emptiness . ”
A recent graduate from the Iran University of Science and Technology says he and his classmates have lost hope .
Above all , a sense of paranoia has taken hold .
Large numbers of students enter university as a reward for joining the baseej , a vigilante militia that answers to the Revolutionary Guard , so the campuses are heaving with informers .
Students are afraid to talk to foreigners .
Some refuse even to glance at them .
The government has unnerved many young people by threatening to use deadly force on a larger scale .
So far , it admits that a score of people have been killed .
Human - rights campaigners say more than 2,000 people have been arrested across Iran .
That includes perhaps a hundred senior people associated with Mr Mousavi or the pair of former presidents , Muhammad Khatami and Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , who have come out against Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and his mentor , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , Iran 's supreme leader .
Tehran 's police chief has admitted that more than 1,000 were arrested in Tehran alone but says that two - thirds have been freed .
Green is naughty
In any event , the campaign is moving underground .
A core of protesters is bent on keeping the torch burning , reminding fellow students that the revolutionaries of 1979 endured nearly a year of repression and street skirmishes before they managed to overthrow the shah .
Today 's protesters write subversive slogans on bank notes and pour green paint onto the streets at night , taking care to mix yellow and blue rather than buy the ready - made green stuff , whose sales are carefully monitored .
None of these tactics has made much of a dent so far .
Everyday life in Tehran seems to be back to normal .
Traffic is once again bumper to bumper .
Mellat Park , one of Tehran 's biggest , is full of families with children playing football .
Coffee shops are again frequented by young people flirting , despite the demure veils .
But beneath the surface , a game of cat and mouse is under way .
The government is still on edge , wary that unrest could resume .
One date coming up soon is the end of the 40 - day mourning period since Neda Soltan , a symbol for the campaigners , was shot dead while arriving at a demonstration in Tehran .
E-mails calling for more demonstrations are still circulating .
Public protest has dwindled but may not be over .
The atmosphere , among students and other Iranians , is : “ let 's wait and see ” .
When a Russian satellite orbiting the Earth starts to veer off course .
It seems like the guidance system in the satellite is of American origin .
It 's important to try and fix it before it comes into the atmosphere .
N.A.S.A. man , Bob Gerson ( James Cromwell ) tries to find out who designed it , and discovers that it was designed by Frank Corvin ( Clint Eastwood ) , an Air Force pilot who , forty years ago , was part of a team who was originally suppose to go to space , but when N.A.S.A. was formed and Gerson 's influence , they were dropped .
Gerson asks Frank to help , but Frank still holds a grudge .
But after some prodding , he agrees but only if he and his team can go there so he can fix it .
Gerson reluctantly agrees , so Frank recruits his former team members , " Tank " Sullivan ( James Garner ) , Jerry O'Neill ( Donald Sutherland ) , and " Hawk " Hawkins ( Tommy Lee Jones ) to join him .
After some strenuous tests , they 're cleared .
And they go up with two other astronauts and check out the satellite and ...
Written by rcs0411@yahoo.com
THE CIRCUMCISION REFERENCE LIBRARY
[ page 455 ]
USING MALE CIRCUMCISION TO UNDERSTAND
SOCIAL NORMS AS MULTIPLIERS Sarah E. Waldeck *
A recent explosion of law and norms scholarship has been aimed at understanding how social norms regulate human behavior .
1
Like the law , social norms establish what constitutes appropriate conduct and carry the threat of punishment , either sanction by members of the community or the self - imposed guilt that comes from knowing one has behaved wrongly or inappropriately .
Indeed , some norms control behavior so effectively that the distinction between what is law and what is convention almost ceases to exist : people comply with whatever the rule might be , without giving much thought to its source .
To illustrate the point , when circumcision rates in the United States were more than 70 percent , nearly 10 percent of parents thought the procedure was required by law , much like it mandates the installation of silver nitrate drops into a newborn 's eyes shortly after birth .
2
To date , much of the law and norms scholarship has been developed by theorists whose primary affiliation is with the law and economics movement .
At least part of the appeal of social norm theory lies in its ability to explain how apparently irrational behavior is , in actuality , the product of rational , utilitarian decisionmaking .
In the simplest of terms , these scholars envision the benefit ( or cost ) of complying with the predominant social norm as one of the many factors figuring into the analysis that an individual conducts before deciding to engage in a particular behavior .
For instance , when a person decides whether to recycle , she not only weighs the inconvenience against the environmental effects , she also considers the norm - based benefits of recycling , such as the avoidance of the guilt that might result from not recycling or [ page 456 ] the social capital that is gained by appearing to be the sort of person who recycles .
This Article argues that social norms are more than just discrete factors in the behavioral cost - benefit analysis .
Instead , norms are more accurately described as a variable that colors every aspect of the analysis , thereby encouraging an individual to either exaggerate or diminish the significance of other factors that figure into the behavioral calculus .
To be sure , deviance from , or compliance with , a norm may have its own cost or benefit that factors into the analysis - whether it be guilt , esteem , or the capital that might hinge on whether one sends the optimal social signal .
But this Article argues that an equally important function of norms is to affect the way individuals understand information , so that from the outset the behavioral outcome is weighted in favor of the predominant social norm .
This observation enriches social norm theory in several ways .
First , it shows that despite the attention that the academy has given to social norms in recent years , legal scholars continue to undervalue the role that norms play in shaping and controlling human behavior .
Second , it addresses a criticism often leveled at social norms scholarship : that a utilitarian theory of decisionmaking is too neat to explain human behavior , which is complicated and often appears to be anything but rational .
This Article argues that social norms are messy because they both create discrete , norm - based costs and benefits , and act as multipliers that distort our perception of the other , non-norm - based costs and benefits associated with a particular behavioral choice .
Finally , recognition of the dual nature of social norms enhances our understanding of how the law can effectively change norms .
Some legal scholars have already suggested that careful measures that gradually erode a norm are usually more effective than laws aimed at immediate , wholesale change .
This Article suggests that the most careful measures will undo the distortion caused by the predominant norm , so that an individual begins to appreciate the true costs and benefits associated with a particular decision .
The law and norms movement has often been criticized for producing " too much scholarship that is abstract and methodological rather than devoted to understanding particular problems of law and social behavior " 3 and for failing to rely heavily on empirical data to produce [ page 457 ] " situation - specific insights that can assist policymakers dealing with relevant problems . "
4
In contrast , this Article examines the dual nature of social norms and the implications for policy makers by closely examining the social phenomena of routine neonatal circumcision - the surgical procedure performed during early infancy , in a hospital or doctor 's office , for non-religious purposes .
At first blush , neonatal circumcision may seem a strange explanatory vehicle .
Some readers are likely to have strong sentiments about the appropriateness or inappropriateness of the procedure , while others may find the subject threatening , either because of their own circumcision status or that of their sexual partner , or because they once decided whether to circumcise a son .
Still other readers have probably never paused to think about routine circumcision , because most American cultural groups consider the circumcised penis " natural . "
But the practice of male circumcision is a quintessential social norm , as a brief cross-cultural comparison helps demonstrate .
In Sweden , for example , routine circumcision is non-existent and widely perceived as an assault on the child , with the Swedish Parliament recently voting to strictly regulate the conditions under which religious circumcisions may be performed .
5 South Korea , on the other hand , has a routine circumcision rate of about 90 percent , higher than any other country .
Most of the reasons South Korean parents give for circumcising their sons are familiar to American parents , including fear that uncircumcised boys will be the object of ridicule , ease of penile hygiene , and medical benefits .
But South Korean boys are circumcised ( with anesthesia ) during late elementary school , primarily because both parents and children see circumcision as a rite of passage into adulthood .
6
If the thought of having a ten year - old circumcised makes you wince , South Koreans have the same response to our practice , with a significant percentage believing that a newborn is ill - equipped to handle the procedure .
7
As two prominent sociologists have commented , sensitivity to social norms is best illustrated by matters that involve sexuality , as " it is unlikely that one can conjure up any image that will not correspond to what in some other culture is an established norm , or at least an occurrence to be [ page 458 ] taken in stride . " 8
As such , routine neonatal circumcision is the ideal vehicle for exploring and enhancing the ideas that currently dominate the social norms literature .
The Article proceeds in three parts .
Part I begins by discussing how current social norm theory adopts an essentially utilitarian view of human decisionmaking and conceives of norm - based considerations as a discrete factor in the behavioral calculus .
Part I then argues that social norms are better understood as not only stand - alone factors in the cost - benefit analysis , but also as variables that distort a decisionmaker 's understanding of every element in the behavioral calculus .
Part II turns to the concrete example of routine neonatal circumcision .
It provides a brief history of routine circumcision in the United States and shows how social norm theory helps explain why the procedure became standard practice .
Part II next turns to the current debate on circumcision and discusses why parents continue to circumcise even though the procedure is no longer medically recommended .
Here discrete norm - based considerations continue to have explanatory value , but do not satisfactorily account for parental behavior .
Part II then demonstrates the usefulness of perceiving a social norm as a multiplier that affects every aspect of the cost - benefit analysis , thereby allowing the decisionmaker to either exaggerate or diminish the significance of other factors that figure into the behavioral calculus .
Finally , Part III builds on the work of other norm theorists to suggest that narrow legal interventions that undo the distorting effect of social norms may be the most effective strategy for changing a pervasive norm .
Part III then illustrates how this strategy would work in practice by examining empirical evidence to determine which legal measures would be most likely to tip the norm in favor of noncircumcision .
I. SOCIAL NORM THEORY A. Norms as Discrete Factors in the Behavioral Cost - Benefit Analysis
The current thrust of the law and norms movement is best illustrated by the work of three theorists : Robert Cooter , Richard McAdams , and Eric Posner .
Robert Cooter 's conception of social norms is related to expected utility theory , which predicts that because an individual wishes to maximize her utility , she will choose the option with the greatest [ page 459 ] expected net benefit .
9
The problem for expected utility theory , however , is that some choices do not appear to maximize utility .
Tipping is a frequently used example .
If a person is at a restaurant to which she never expects to return , she should not tip the waiter , at least not in rational economic terms .
The tip will add to the cost of the meal that has already been consumed and will not help guarantee good service in the future .
Yet most people tip regardless of whether they plan to return .
10 Cooter argues that in scenarios such as this , the existence of a norm changes the individual 's cost - benefit calculus .11
Specifically , Cooter posits that norms develop when there is " [ u] nanimous endorsement " of behavior that " will convince some members of the community to internalize the obligation , and to inculcate it in the young .
" 12 Because of internalization , the individual who does not comply with the norm experiences guilt or shame .
In other words , the individual herself imposes a cost for non-compliance .
If the guilt or shame is great enough , the individual maximizes utility by complying with the norm , whether it be tipping or some other behavior .
Richard McAdams 's vision of norms is also related to utility theory , but he sees norms functioning primarily as sources of external sanction .
According to McAdams 's esteem theory , norms are created and reinforced because people react to , and desire , the esteem of others .
He argues that norms arise when ( 1 ) prior to the development of any widespread convention , a consensus exists about the desirability of a particular behavior ; ( 2 ) there is some risk that others will detect whether a particular individual engages in the behavior ; and ( 3 ) the consensus and risk of detection is well - known by the relevant population .
13
Assume , for example , that after a series of well - publicized studies on automobile safety , a widespread consensus develops that children under twelve are safer in the backseat .
This prescription poses a variety of practical problems : carpooling is more difficult ; parents with multiple children will have to buy larger , more expensive vehicles ; unpleasant confrontations are likely with the child who insists on sitting in the front .
[ page 460 ]
In the face of these and other costs , parents may not put children in the back if the only perceived benefit is increased safety during the highly unlikely event of an accident .
14 According to esteem theory , however , the desire for esteem creates an additional benefit - the approval of those who see the parent placing children in the backseat .
As McAdams writes , " [ i ] f the consensus is that [ engaging or not engaging in a particular behavior deserves esteem , a norm will arise if the esteem benefits exceed , for most people , the costs of engaging [ or not engaging in the behavior ] .
" 15 Like Cooter , then , McAdams perceives human decisionmaking as essentially utilitarian , with individuals conducting a series of cost - benefit analyses .
The esteem derived from engaging or not engaging in a particular behavior can be the decisive factor in determining how an individual will act .
If enough people sufficiently value the esteem that comes with a particular action or inaction , a norm will arise .
Once the norm is established , compliance with the norm may not be a means of gaining esteem ; rather , compliance is necessary to avoid a loss of esteem .
16
To again use the automobile safety example , imagine that a significant percentage of parents put children under twelve in the back .
Now the parent who complies with the norm does not gain esteem , because she is simply " doing what parents do . "
But the parent who does not comply with the norm will lose esteem , because she is not doing what parents do .
Moreover , the cost of non-compliance increases as overall compliance with the norm increases .
As McAdams explains ,
" [ b ] ecause esteem is relative , the intensity of disesteem directed at those who engage in a disapproved behavior is partly a function of the total number of people who are thought to engage in that behavior . . . .
Thus , because individuals value esteem relatively , the more a behavior negatively distinguishes them from others , the more costly it is .
" 17
This feedback process can have the effect of " tipping , " so that once a particular threshold is reached , the esteem cost is strong enough that it deters most deviance .
18
[ page 461 ]
Like Cooter , McAdams views norms as obligations .
19 Indeed , McAdams reconciles his theory with Cooter 's in a way that will prove important for this Article .
McAdams argues that if internalization occurs , it is most likely to occur with abstract norms , like " be a good neighbor " or " be a good citizen . "
The esteem - based norm is more concrete , in that it defines what behavior violates the abstract norm , like " not mowing your lawn " or " not voting .
" 20
In the automobile safety example , the internalized abstract norm is " be a good parent , " while the esteem - based prescriptive norm is " put children in the backseat . "
Thus , esteem - based norms can generate internal as well as external sanctions because the individual will feel guilty about violating the prescription for being a good parent , a good neighbor , or whatever the abstract norm might be .21
The third relevant theory is Eric Posner 's " signaling model . "
For Posner , social norms are thinner than for Cooter and some other social norm theorists .
A norm " is not an exogenous force , it is not internalized ; it is a term for behavioral regularities that emerge as people interact with each other in pursuit of their everyday interests .
" 22 Stripped to its bare essentials , signaling theory posits that norms develop as individuals try to signal that they are of a " good type " - i.e. , that they are the sort of people with whom others should cooperate .
23 The desired cooperation varies depending on context .
A bond trader may supply a client with sought - after sports tickets to signal that he is worthy of continued business ; a prospective job candidate may dress carefully for an interview to signal that she will be a good employee .
Signaling theory applies to social matters as well .
As Posner describes , " [s ] ome people pay for elaborate and time - consuming hairstyling , invest in contact lenses rather than glasses , pierce ears and other body parts , tattoo or scar or brand themselves .
" 24 Regardless of the context , the behavior that Posner categorizes as " signaling " is observable and connected to appearances .
It is also arbitrary , in that people attach significance to the behavior ( for example , dressing nicely ) only because of prior beliefs about the sort of people who engage in the particular behavior .
Finally , signaling behavior is costly , in terms of time , actual dollars , or physical discomfort .
25 Similar to McAdams , [ page 462 ]
Posner argues that individuals incur these costs as a means of establishing or preserving their reputations .
26
To recap , for these social norm theorists , human decisionmaking is essentially utilitarian .
While each theorist envisions norms generating a different kind of cost or benefit , each sees norms operating as a discrete factor in the behavioral calculus .
Consider recycling , an example thatis often used in the norms literature .
As others have pointed out , 27 in the absence of a pro-recycling norm , the decision to recycle is a puzzling one .
Recycling is inconvenient , because it requires the rinsing of items that would otherwise simply be discarded , the sorting and separation of different kinds of trash , and in some jurisdictions , regular trips to a recycling collection point .
Moreover , the environmental impact of a single individual 's recycling effort is negligible ; whether a single Coke can goes into the trash or the recycle bin is of virtually no environmental consequence .
In other words , an individual weighing only the inconvenience against the environmental impact would almost certainly choose not to recycle .
But according to these theorists , individuals weigh the inconvenience of recycling against more than just the environmental benefit .
They also take norm - based considerations into account , such as the guilt that may result from failing to be the sort of citizen who recycles , or the possibility of being thought less of when non-recycling becomes apparent to the neighbors .
Thus these norm - based considerations function as discrete factors in the behavior cost - benefit analysis .
B. Norms as Multipliers
The utilitarian explanation of human decisionmaking has been broadly challenged by social scientists28 and criticized in some of the legal literature .
29
The central objection is that when decisions are complex , we lack the time and resources to gather all the relevant data , as well as the cognitive capacity to determine all the positive and negative consequences of a particular course of action .
So alternative theories of decisionmaking abound .
To name only a few , researchers have hypothesized that humans " satisfice " by looking for the action that [ page 463 ] meets specific minimum requirements and is thus " good enough " ( as opposed to the best available alternative ) ; that decisionmaking is essentially " a sequential narrowing - down process , similar to the logic employed in the popular game Twenty Questions " ; that we often use simple moral precepts as the sole basis for a decision ; and that we frequently use heuristics , or mental shortcuts , to make decisions .
In light of the overwhelming evidence of how frequently we fail to engage in classic cost - benefit analyses , even many of the scholars whose work assumes that we have " the logic of a supercomputer , boundless knowledge , and all eternity to make a decision " will concede that humans often fail to maximize utility .
30
However , even if one rejects some of the classic assumptions of law and economics , the work that has been done on law and norms is nonetheless important .
While we are often either incapable of , or uninterested in , choosing the course of action that maximizes utility , we do sometimes try — however imperfectly — to find the best alternative .
And the central point of law and norms scholarship is that norms are an important part of this endeavor .
But norms are even more important than the current legal scholarship acknowledges , because they do not just impose costs and benefits for us to consider .
Norms also act as multipliers that affect how we perceive the other information that is relevant to a particular decision .
For instance , consider again the example of recycling .
Assume that a person knows that many of her neighbors recycle and that the local government has gone to some effort to encourage its citizens to recycle ; in other words , assume the person is aware of the norm favoring recycling .
Also assume that the person is interested in making the best decision , and believes ( rightly or wrongly ) that the decision whether to recycle is relatively straightforward , with only a few relevant variables : the environmental impact of recycling ( ei ) , the external esteem that recycling garners ( ee ) , the personal satisfaction that comes from perceiving one 's self as a good citizen ( ps ) , and recycling 's inconvenience ( i ) .
As the person becomes cognizant of the norm , she may begin to exaggerate the environmental impact of her own recycling , perhaps on the theory that if individual effort has negligible effect , few of her neighbors would choose to recycle .
At the same time , she might discount the inconvenience of recycling , again on the theory that if everyone is doing it , the demands of recycling cannot be all that onerous .
To illustrate with an equation ( where boldface indicates a [ page 464 ] norm with an exaggerating effect , and regular typeface indicates a norm with a discounting effect ) , the person chooses to recycle because :
( ( norm * ei ) + ee + ps ) > ( norm * i )
If norms function as external variables that affect the way decisionmakers understand information , then the behavioral outcome will always be weighted in favor of the predominant social norm , regardless of what other factors enter into the behavior calculus .
In other words , the norm carries more force than other considerations in the cost - benefit analysis , because the norm both imposes its own set of costs and benefits and colors a decisionmaker 's perception of other relevant factors .
To further complicate matters , even for a single decision , the distorting norm will not have a constant value .
Consider another example , the decision to place a two year - old in a car seat .
Assume that the parent is expecting an infant and that the two year old is both old enough and large enough that the car seat is no longer required by law .
Some benefits of placing the two year - old in the car seat are fairly obvious : safety ( s ) , as well as the norm - based personal satisfaction ( ps ) that comes from " doing what good parents do " and the external esteem ( ee ) of being perceived as the sort of parent who straps in a toddler .
Some costs are relatively apparent as well : the expense of buying a new car seat for the infant ( cs ) , the hassle of having to repeatedly buckle and unbuckle the two year - old ( b ) , and perhaps the investment in an automobile that is large enough to accommodate two car seats ( a ) .
Some of these costs weigh more heavily against the pro-car - seat - norm than others .
As such , the norm would have the strongest diminishing effect on what the parent perceives as the greatest cost — perhaps the investment in a new vehicle .
In contrast , if the parent perceived the cost of the additional car seat as negligible , the norm would have little or no discounting effect .
Similarly , if a consideration weighed only slightly against the relevant norm — perhaps the buckling and unbuckling in our hypothetical — the multiplier effect would likely discount that factor less than one that strongly weighed against the norm .
To again illustrate with an equation , a person may choose to use a car seat for the two - year - old because :
( ( norm * s ) + ps + ee ) > ( ( NORM * a ) + ( norm * b ) + cs )
Moreover , the existence of the norm might even lead a person to exaggerate the personal guilt or loss of external esteem that might result from failure to comply with the norm .
Indeed , social scientists have discovered that we often make incorrect empirical guesses about what other people do .
For example , most college students drink moderately [ page 465 ] at most , but incorrectly assume that most of their fellow students are far more intemperate .
This sort of misperception causes individuals , who often fear embarrassment , " to suppress attitudes and behaviors that are incorrectly thought to be non-conforming and instead to engage in the behaviors that are incorrectly thought to be normative .
"
31 In other words , the decisionmaker misapprehends the actual consequences of compliance or noncompliance with what they perceive to be the norm .
To return to the recycling example ( and to assume a simple case where the existence of a norm has the same multiplier effect on all the factors weighing in favor of recycling ) , in this scenario :
( norm ( ei + ee + ps ) ) > ( norm + i )
Thus , the existence of a norm not only creates discrete costs and benefits , it also influences a person 's perception of each and every factor in the behavioral calculus , including the costs and benefits of norm compliance .
Indeed , the existence of the norm might even lead the decisionmaker to imagine nonexistent costs and benefits .
For example , because so many two year - olds are in car seats , a parent might assume that failure to use a car seat risks legal sanction , even if no such law actually exists .
The multiplier effect of norms is similar to a number of phenomena that cognitive scientists collectively refer to as " confirmation bias , " or our tendency to seek information and ask questions that will corroborate rather than falsify our theories , and to interpret evidence in ways that support our beliefs or hypotheses .
As social scientists have explained ,
There is considerable evidence that people tend to interpret subsequent evidence so as to maintain their initial beliefs .
The biased assimilation processes underlying this effect may include a propensity to remember the strengths of confirming evidence but the weaknesses of disconfirming evidence , to judge confirming evidence as relevant and reliable but disconfirming evidence as irrelevant and unreliable , and to accept confirming evidence at face value while scrutinizing disconfirming evidence hypercritically .
32
The way in which raw data is interpreted , then , appears to depend largely upon the predilections of the interpreter .
[ page 466 ]
For example , Charles Lord , Mark Lepper , and Lee Ross have demonstrated that individuals with strong opinions on complex social issues do not evenhandedly evaluate relevant empirical evidence .
33 Lord and his fellow researchers presented two studies to proponents and opponents of capital punishment .
One study seemed to prove the deterrent effect of the death penalty , while the other seemed to disprove it .
The studies typically elicited " entirely opposite evaluations " depending on a person 's initial beliefs about capital punishment .
34
In general , the participants in Lord 's experiments accepted evidence that confirmed their initial beliefs , while subjecting contradictory evidence to critical evaluation .
As Lord and his colleagues explained ,
Willingness to interpret new evidence in the light of past knowledge and experience is essential for any organism to make sense of , and respond adaptively to , its environment .
[ Our subjects ' ] sin lay in their readiness to use evidence already processed in a biased manner to bolster the very theory or belief that initially " justified " the processing bias .
In so doing , subjects exposed themselves to the familiar risk of making their hypotheses unfalsifiable - a serious risk in a domain where it is clear that at least one party in a dispute holds a false hypothesis - and allowing themselves to be encouraged by patterns of data that they ought to have found troubling .
35
The results of Lord 's experiment were reminiscent of an earlier study in which Princeton and Dartmouth football fans were shown tapes of the same game , but provided dramatically different post - game summaries .
Because the participants in Lord 's study were exposed to a common set of mixed data - some supporting the deterrent effect of capital punishment and some not - it is difficult to quantify , as a normative matter , exactly how much the data should have affected attitudes .
37 Instead , the most we can say is that some change would have been appropriate .
But Craig Anderson , working with Lepper and Ross , has documented that we actually persist in our beliefs in ways that are normatively indefensible .
38
In one experiment , subjects were led to believe that either a positive or negative relationship existed between a firefighter trainee 's preference for risk and his ultimate success on the [ page 467 ] job .
Subjects were then told that the studies were fictitious and had no probative value .
Nonetheless , assessments of the relationship between risk preference and ultimate success as a firefighter continued to reflect the subjects ' initial belief , even though they were aware that the belief was based on faulty data .
As the researchers summarized , " People often cling to their beliefs to a considerably greater extent than is logically . . . warranted . . . .
[ I ] nitial beliefs may persevere in the face of a subsequent invalidation of the evidence on which they are based , even when the initial evidence is itself [ weak ] .
"
39
In all of these studies , of course , the subjects were committed to an initial belief or hypothesis .
When an individual is deciding whether to follow a norm , they are by definition not yet " committed " to a particular choice .
But when we are aware of a norm , we are often inclined to think that it reflects the preferable course of action , even if we have not yet decided to follow the norm .
This is not the same as suggesting that norms act as heuristics , as is sometimes argued .
40
Here the norm does not serve as a mental shortcut that eliminates the need for further analysis .
But the norm does , to borrow the language of Amos Tversky and Daniel Kahneman , act as a sort of anchor .
41
As countless experiments have shown , when asked to answer questions , " people may spontaneously anchor on information that readily comes to mind and adjust their responses in directions that seem appropriate . " 42 Usually , however , the adjustment away from the anchor is insufficient , so that the final answer is biased toward the anchor .
Social scientists have developed several explanations for why the adjustment is inadequate ; 43 one is that , at least when the anchor is not known to be wrong , the individual generates evidence that is disproportionately consistent with the anchor .
44 Similarly , a norm may act as the " anchor " from which we evaluate subsequently - provided information .
In sum , because we are often inclined to assume that a particular behavior is preferable simply because so many of our peers do it , norms [ page 468 ] provide a reference point which predisposes us to exaggerate variables that support the norm and to downplay those that contradict the norm .
Of course , when a norm maximizes utility or otherwise reflects the best course of action , its multiplier effect is useful because it helps lead us to the preferable alternative .
But when the norm is suboptimal , its multiplier effect can be quite damaging , because the norm prevents an evenhanded assessment of the relevant information .
As will be discussed in greater detail later , 45 the way that norms affect our understanding of information bears directly on the work of legal policymakers who craft rules and incentives aimed at achieving a particular result .
But before discussing how policymakers might try to counterbalance the bolstering caused by a norm , the Article turns to a concrete illustration of how norms function as multipliers : the parental decision to routinely circumcise male infants .
The next section of this Article , Part II , begins with an historical account of how routine circumcision became the predominant practice in the United States .
This section then examines the empirical evidence on why parents continue to opt for a procedure that is no longer medically recommended .
The discussion shows that discrete norm - based considerations have explanatory value , but do not entirely account for parental behavior .
Instead , decisionmaking about routine circumcision is more satisfactorily explained when norms are understood both as discrete factors and as multipliers that allow parents to exaggerate the benefits of circumcision and downplay the disadvantages .
In particular , the next Part shows that if norms are considered only as discrete factors , human decisionmaking often appears to be primarily about seeking conformity , when in fact the cognitive process is far richer .
After circumcision has illustrated the theory , the Article then provides a situation - specific discussion of how legal policymakers might respond to the role of norms as multipliers .
II . CIRCUMCISION'S PATH-DEPENDENT TRAJECTORY
Like many social norms , circumcision is properly described as highly path dependent .
In its most stripped - down form , path dependency means that " history matters .
" 46 Events that ( with hindsight ) should have been insignificant lead to a cascade of activity , which in turn " lock in " [ page 469 ] an inefficient practice .
47
The story of the QWERTY keyboard is frequently invoked to illustrate the concept .
48
In the early days of typewriters , inventors struggled to prevent them from jamming .
The QWERTY keyboard ( on which we all type today ) was designed to minimize this problem .
In 1888 , a stenographer who was apparently the Michael Jordan of typing won a series of contests around the country , beating less - talented challengers who happened to use different keyboards .
After the stenographer 's successes , everyone began choosing typewriters with QWERTY keyboards .
In 1936 , an inventor patented a DSK keyboard , which allowed for greater speed and easier learning .
By then , however , QWERTY was so entrenched that the more efficient DSK never became popular .
Even today , we continue to type on an inefficient keyboard designed to solve a long - obsolete mechanical difficulty .
The QWERTY story is hotly debated in the economics literature - whether DSK really was superior to QWERTY and whether the costs of switching from QWERTY to DSK outweighed any marginal benefit .49
But the QWERTY story , if accurate , illustrates how an event as insignificant as a typing contest might lock in a particular practice .
A. Circumcision's QWERTY Moment
Because male circumcision dates back to at least 2400 B.C.,50 perhaps it is a bit foolhardy to try to identify the watershed incident .
But if we ask the narrow question of how the United States stepped onto the path of routine neonatal circumcision , the critical event was in 1870 , when a five year - old boy from Milwaukee met Lewis Sayre , a preeminent orthopedic surgeon .
51
The boy was so bowlegged that he could barely walk or stand .
After a physical examination , Sayre was puzzled about [ page 470 ] the source of the condition .
He did , however , notice that the boy was suffering from genital irritation .
Sayre speculated that the irritation might be causing the bowleggedness .
( This was not as absurd then as it sounds today .
At the time , doctors believed that each organ had " its own spheres of neural influence , governing different aspects of body and mind , " and that " each was wired , however indirectly , to every other .
"
52
The theory was akin to acupuncture , e.g. , squeeze hard between the thumb and index finger to cure a headache . )
So Sayre circumcised the boy , using chloroform as an anesthetic .
Incredibly — here is the QWERTY moment — the boy 's knees straightened out within a few weeks of the circumcision .
Then Sayre circumcised another partially paralyzed boy , who also recovered .
Sayre soon concluded that genital irritation was the cause of many orthopedic diseases .
He eventually associated the foreskin with an even wider array of disorders , including epilepsy , hernia , and mental diseases .
Sayre then began to promote circumcision in hundreds of articles and presentations .
As a sort of Michael Jordan of nineteenth - century medicine , he had the ideal bully pulpit .53
In 1866 , Sayre was named vice president of the new American Medical Association ; he was elected president in 1880 .
Sayre wrote Lectures on Orthopedic Surgery and Disease of the Joints in 1876 , which had at least twelve editions and was " the bible for a generation of surgeons .
" 54 Indeed , the British Medical Journal described him as having " moved a great mass of painful , tedious and almost incurable complaints into the region of curable and easily managed affections .
" 55 Thus , when Sayre said that circumcision could cure serious diseases , people listened .
In the 1880s , doctors began to promote circumcision as a prophylactic measure , instead of as a response to specific disorders .
Because the foreskin was believed to be associated with so many diseases , doctors advocated circumcision " as a precautionary measure , even though no symptoms have as yet presented themselves .
"
56 Once circumcision was perceived as sound preventive medicine , physicians promoted the procedure as most ideally performed on infants , who would then benefit [ page 471 ] from a lifetime of circumcision 's protective effects .
Significantly , doctors also believed that infants did not experience pain .
As such , they believed that anesthesia , which was a particularly tricky business in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries , was unnecessary .
57
The belief that circumcision was medically beneficial coincided with other developments that helped popularize the procedure .
First , in the late 1800s , the number of hospitals dramatically increased and the rate of post - surgical complications sharply decreased .
58 This made circumcision a more convenient and less risky option than it otherwise would have been .
At the same time , at least for the upper and middle classes , childbirth was evolving from " a domestic event managed by midwives . . . into a medical event handled by physicians .
" 59 Eventually , circumcision became a marker of class , indicating that one 's family was wealthy or sophisticated enough to deliver in a hospital .60 Moreover , as researchers began to identify the bacteria that caused diseases , the human body was portrayed as a reservoir of dangerous microbial agents .
The penis was seen as an especially virulent source of contamination .
In particular , the uncircumcised penis was perceived as dirtier than the circumcised penis because of secretions that collect under the foreskin.61
Thus circumcision was thought to make the penis cleaner and , therefore , the boy healthier .
Finally , circumcision was fueled by a Victorian fear of masturbation , a sin which was believed to cause insanity , epilepsy , and myriad other diseases .
62 Many believed that uncircumcised males were more likely to masturbate because they had to retract the foreskin to clean under it .
Indeed , the 1898 edition of All About Baby ( the nineteenth century 's Dr. Spock ) advised mothers that circumcision was " advisable in most cases . . . [ to prevent ] the vile habit of masturbation . "
63
[ page 472 ]
Over time , the medical profession came to understand that circumcision neither prevented masturbation nor provided the panoply of benefits that Sayre and others had presumed it would .
But doctors continued to promote circumcision , primarily on the ground that it constituted good penile hygiene , and reduced the risk of sexually transmitted diseases and penile cancer .
As the decades passed , circumcision rates continued to climb .
While no precise statistics are available , estimates are that by 1900 , 25 percent of males were circumcised ; by 1912 , 35 percent ; by 1920 , 50 percent ; by 1935 , 55 percent ; and by 1970 , upwards of 85 percent .
64
B. A Social Norm Account of the Decision to Circumcise Prior to the 1970s
Even with this short historical account , we can see how social norms theory helps account for the trajectory of historical events .
The combination of McAdams 's and Cooter 's work is particularly important ; Posner 's less so , because signaling theory accounts for arbitrary behavior,65 and at this juncture circumcision had a medical rationale .
Recall Cooter 's notion of internalized norms , with guilt acting as an internal sanction that raises the cost of particular actions or inactions .
As in the automobile safety hypothetical , the operative norm for circumcision is the inverse of the Biblical Commandment : i.e. , be a good parent .
This norm is deeply internalized , and failure to comply usually generates great guilt .
66 As Sayre and the medical establishment endorsed routine circumcision as a prophylactic measure , the procedure became a concrete prescription for being a good parent and a means of gaining esteem .
Eventually , as routine circumcision steadily became standard practice , circumcision became so widespread that it ceased to be a means of gaining esteem .
Instead , circumcision became necessary to avoid a loss of esteem .
One commentator describes how circumcision started in the upper echelon of society , but was eventually perceived by [ page 473 ] poor and immigrant populations as a means of avoiding class stigma .
67 As McAdams would predict , increasing circumcision rates had a feedback effect : as more and more infants were circumcised , the esteem - based incentive continued to grow , because noncircumcision was seen as ever more deviant .
The esteem - based analysis , however , is more complex than the original theory suggests .
As the history tells us , circumcision became a mark of modernity and sophistication , an indication of cleanliness and sound moral character .
But these esteem gains were almost certainly experienced by the child who was circumcised , not by the parental decisionmaker .
Even today parents do not usually speak about their child 's genitalia , and this reticence was probably even more pronounced during the historical period when Victorian values were predominant .
Moreover , not too many of a parent 's peers would have had the opportunity to observe whether the child was circumcised .
Thus , any esteem gain by the parents themselves was necessarily small .
In contrast , the esteem - based benefits experienced by the child may have lasted a lifetime , from early experiences of communal undress to later sexual encounters .
Indeed , circumcision shows how esteem - based norms can dictate behavior in ways that are more multi-tiered than McAdams and Cooter originally delineated .
The primary esteem gains , or external incentives , belong to the child .
Yet the internal sanction - guilt associated with failing to be a good parent - belongs to the parent .
In other words , the internal sanction compels the parent to seek esteem for the child .
Of course , it is conceivable that at least some parents recognize that they may gain reputational benefits by seeking esteem for their child : for example , they might enable their child to befriend a person with whom association would give tangential esteem to the parents ; or they might help their child marry someone who would enhance the family 's reputation and supply grandchildren of particularly good stock .
But any cost - benefit analysis that took into account these downstream parental reputational benefits would be exceedingly complex , and considerable social science evidence has shown that when confronted with complexity , individuals become unwilling or incapable of conducting the calculus necessary to reveal the utility - maximizing option .
68
More likely , the guilt associated with failing to be a good parent is enough to compel parents to seek esteem for their children .
Indeed , this internal sanction mechanism may be why we give parents broad discretion to determine [ page 474 ] what is in the best interests of their children,69 and why , for the most part , we interfere with parental authority only at the margins .
If parental behavior actually jeopardizes the health or safety of the child , there is ample indication that the " be a good parent " norm is not serving as an adequate brake on parental desires and norms that conflict with the one favoring parenting .
To summarize , existing social norm theory enriches our understanding of how routine circumcision became the predominant practice in the United States .
Note , however , that social norm theory is not necessary to make the historical decision to circumcise appear rational ; until the early 1970s , the decision to circumcise was probably a relatively easy one , regardless of any discreet , norm - based concerns .
Circumcision was believed to confer significant medical benefits , the risk of complications was low , and infants were not believed to feel pain .
Most , if not all , the factors in the cost - benefit analysis indicated that circumcision was the optimal choice .
While the emergence of a social norm favoring circumcision may have caused parents to exaggerate the health benefits or minimize the risk of complications , we cannot say that the existence of a norm distorted parental decisionmaking ; most likely , parents made the choice that they would have even in the absence of a social norm multiplier that affected how parents processed the information they received about circumcision .
However , when we consider the modern - day decision to circumcise , social norm theory , and particularly the role of norms as multipliers , becomes critical .
C. The Decision to Circumcise Post - 1970
Numerous studies have attempted to quantify how modern - day parents make decisions about circumcision .
Parents rarely give a single reason for their decisionmaking and , as we might expect , often cite medical reasons .
Indeed , the circumcision rate has always been tied , at least to a small extent , to the current medical recommendation .
In 1971 , when circumcision rates were above 85 percent , the American Academy of Pediatrics ( AAP ) released a statement that recommended against routine neonatal circumcision .
70 The AAP reiterated this conclusion in 1975 and 1983 .
Nationwide circumcision rates gradually fell to around 70 percent and then leveled off .
In 1989 , in the wake of new information about urinary tract infection and sexually transmitted [ page 475 ] diseases , the AAP revised its statement to take a neutral stance on circumcision , stating that the procedure had potential medical benefits as well as disadvantages and risks .
71 Rates again rose above 80 percent .
After the AAP reviewed the evidence again in 1999 and announced that circumcision was not medically warranted , the nationwide rate dropped to around 65 percent , where it has more or less remained .
72 However , circumcision rates currently vary greatly by region : in the Midwest , 81 percent of newborns are circumcised ; 67 percent in the Northeast ; 64 percent in the South ; and only 37 percent in the West.73
As the next section indicates , without taking social norms into account , in 2003 the decision to routinely circumcise is difficult to explain : current medical data reveal either that the effects of circumcision are marginal enough that it is not particularly effective in preventing disease , or that the potential benefits of the procedure are related to diseases that are too uncommon to warrant widespread prophylactic measures .
In addition , we know now that circumcision causes infants to experience significant pain and carries a non-negligible risk of complications .
Because of the plethora of relevant medical information , the text of the next section addresses only the most important research , while the citations provide a more complete picture .
Readers who are uninterested in current medical understanding may wish to proceed directly to Part II.D , which returns to issues of social norm theory .
1. The Medical Considerations
In 1999 , a Task Force established by the AAP concluded that the " data are not sufficient to recommend routine neonatal circumcision . " 74
At that time , approximately 1.2 million American infants - 85 percent of male newborns - were circumcised annually , at a cost of between $ 150 and $ 270 million .75
Of course , the AAP 's Task Force on Circumcision is as vulnerable to special interest capture as any other deliberative body , and strong sentiments exist on both sides of the circumcision [ page 476 ] issue .76
The AAP 's position , however , echoes that of other Western pediatric associations .
Of particular interest are Britain , Canada , and Australia , which all at one time had circumcision rates comparable to those in the United States .
77
None of the medical associations in these countries now endorse routine neonatal circumcision ,78 despite the recognition that the procedure has potential medical benefits .
But as the following discussion reveals , these benefits are associated with diseases that are too rare to warrant prophylactic circumcision of all newborn males , or alternatively , with diseases for which the effect of circumcision is so marginal that it cannot be considered an effective means of prevention .
79 Moreover , over the last thirty years , the medical profession has recognized that newborns experience pain , and thus , that circumcision has significant costs .
[ page 477 ]
a. The Medical Disadvantages 1 . Pain
Circumcision is not the innocuous procedure that many believe , especially given that most circumcisions continue to be performed without any anesthesia .80
At the risk of stating the obvious , circumcision is extremely invasive and intensely painful .
Although the procedure varies depending on which surgical instruments are used , typically the doctor grasps the foreskin with clamps , tears it away from the glans , slits the foreskin and pulls it through the clamp , tightens the clamp to hold the foreskin in place , and then cuts off the foreskin.81 Circumcision is painful enough that when it is performed after infancy , general anesthesia is the standard of care .
82
In part , this is because no local anesthetic can completely block the pain of circumcision .
In addition , the most effective local anesthesia involves multiple injections into the penis , which are thought to be too painful for the fully - aware patient to tolerate .
83
That circumcision hurts probably does not come as a surprise - at least not if the grimaces , winces , and other contorted facial expressions that usually accompany discussion of the procedure indicate how we perceive it .
Yet most of us are remarkably cavalier about the prospect of infants experiencing the pain of circumcision .
One common misperception is that infants are not yet sufficiently developed to feel pain .
But newborns have both the anatomical and functional components necessary for the perception of painful stimuli .
84
Indeed , the data on whether infants experience pain is so compelling that " current knowledge suggests that humane considerations should apply as forcefully to the care of neonates and young , nonverbal infants as they do to children and adults in similar painful and stressful situations .
" 85 In other words , as a means of assessing what circumcision feels like to an infant , it is not anthropomorphic to ask , what would circumcision feel like to me ?
[ page 478 ]
Every marker suggests that circumcision is extraordinarily painful for the infant .
Unanesthetized newborns cry vigorously and in some cases become mildly cyanotic because of prolonged crying .
86 Indeed , the infant 's cry acts as a graded signal during circumcision , increasing " in intensity along dimensions that reflect the degree of discomfort felt by the infant .
" 87 Crying is most frequent and high - pitched during the parts of the procedure that we might expect to hurt the most : when the foreskin is grasped with a clamp and torn away from the glans , when the foreskin is slit , and when the foreskin is pulled through a clamp and cut off .
88 During circumcision infants also demonstrate other stress - related physiological reactions , including dramatic changes in blood pressure , heart and respiratory rates , and in transcutaneous oxygen and plasma cortisol levels .
89
The deep sleep that many infants fall into after circumcision is another indicator of infant discomfort ; it is not normal rest but instead a non - rapid - eye - movement sleep that is a hallmark of infant pain or stress.90
Finally , for at least twenty - two hours after circumcision , 90 percent of infants have altered behavioral states , including disruptions in sleep / wake cycles , irritability , lethargy , and disruption of feeding patterns .
91
Of course , pain is a subjective experience .
Because infants are nonverbal , it is impossible to assess their subjective response to circumcision , or to determine whether the pain experienced by infants is similar to the pain experienced by children and adults .
However , at a minimum , the data shows that circumcision " clearly constitutes a physiologic and perhaps even a psychological form of stress in premature and full - term neonates .
"
92
The issue of infant pain is often dismissed on the ground that it can not be remembered .
And certainly this would seem a significant difference between pain in adults and older children and pain in neonates .
While adults and children cannot remember the sensation of pain itself , they can recall the experience associated with pain .93 Circumcision [ page 479 ] may seem less cruel if the infant is unable to remember it .
However , research is beginning to suggest that painful experiences during infancy do have lasting effects , even if the experiences cannot be the subject of conscious recall .
For example , one study looked at vaccination response in four - to six - month - old male babies .
Infants were divided into three groups : those who were uncircumcised ; those who had been circumcised with EMLA , a topical anesthetic which blocks some but not all circumcision pain ; and those whohad been circumcised without any anesthesia .
Researchers found a " significant linear trend on all outcome measures , showing increasing pain scores from uncircumcised infants , to those circumcised with EMLA , to those [ circumcised without anesthesia ] .
" 94
In other words , the more pain an infant experienced during circumcision , the stronger his pain response during subsequent vaccination .
These results were consistent with studies outside the context of circumcision that show repeatedly exposing infants to painful stimuli may induce hypersensitivity , and that this can be prevented through the use of effective anesthetic .95
Authors of the study on vaccination response postulated that the pain of circumcision may alter an infant 's central neural processing of painful stimuli , and thereby induce long - lasting changes in infant pain behavior .
96
They also speculated that since post - traumatic stress disorder is one of the consequences of unanesthetized surgery on adults , " the greater vaccination response in the infants circumcised without anesthesia may represent an infant analogue of a post - traumatic stress disorder triggered by [ the traumatic and painful event [ of vaccination ] .
" 97
This speculation would comport with the evidence that the structures that are necessary for memory are well - developed and functioning during the newborn period , and that infants do have the capacity to store information and experiences .
98
In sum , the science suggests that , even for infants , the pain of circumcision should not be dismissed on the ground that its effects are limited to the few minutes during which the procedure is being performed .
[ page 480 ]
2. Risk of Complications
As with any surgical procedure , circumcision carries the risk of complications .
Studies report complication rates ranging from 0.19 percent to 0.60 percent.99
The most recent study , which examined a large and diverse patient sample in Washington , found a complication rate of approximately 0.20 percent , or one complication per every 476 circumcisions .
100
The most common problem is bleeding during and after circumcision ,101 which can typically be controlled by the use of hemostatic agents , cautery , stitches , or even mere gentle pressure .
102 Infection is the second most common complication , and is usually limited to local redness and secretion of pus .
Very rarely , a widespread systemic infection develops , or the infection kills some of the penile tissue .
103
There is also a risk of surgical error , even when the procedure is done by experienced physicians .
104 Errors include removing too much skin , so that part of the penile shaft is stripped bare until skin grows back or a graft is performed , or so that the glans retracts and becomes hidden in the suprapubic fat .
105
Other surgical errors include lacerations to the penis and , extraordinarily rarely , amputation of the penis .
But while this kind of accident is a headline grabber ,106 surgical error - particularly grave surgical error - is rare .
107
As one editorial in the New England [ page 481 ] Journal of Medicine summarized , " in experienced hands , infant circumcision involves a very low but not completely negligible risk .
" 108
b. Potential Health Benefits 1 . Urinary Tract Infection ( UTI )
As previously stated , circumcision continues to be associated with some potential health benefits , the most immediate of which is a decreased risk of urinary tract infection , as the foreskin can harbor bacteria that cause the disease .
While males of all ages are susceptible to UTI,109 the risk is greatest during the first year of life .
110 All studies demonstrate an association between noncircumcision and increased risk of UTI , although the magnitude of risk varies from study to study .
111 The AAP estimates that noncircumcision means a four - to ten - fold increase in risk during the first year of life .
112 However , the actual incidence of UTI is low , even for uncircumcised boys .
According to the [ page 482 ] AAP , at most approximately one percent ( 1 out of 100 ) of uncircumcised males contract UTI during their first year .
113 Since publication of the Task Force 's report , a new study reports that among uncircumcised boys , the actual incidence of UTI is 2.15 percent .
114
But even if this new statistic is correct , less than 3 out of every 100 uncircumcised males will contract UTI , and most who do can be easily treated with antibiotics .
For some infants , however , the infection will be serious enough to warrant a hospital admission .
Some researchers have also worried that early UTI might lead to renal scarring and speculate that this may affect kidney function over the long - term , 115 but the clinical significance of renal scars has not yet been demonstrated .
116
2. Penile Cancer
Circumcision also has a quantitative effect on the risk of penile cancer , a serious disease with a three - year mortality rate of 20 to 25 percent and whose treatment sometimes includes penile amputation .
117
In its early stages the disease resembles skin cancer , with lesions appearing on the outer surface of the penis .
Circumcised males , who have one - third to one - half less penile skin than uncircumcised males , have less surface area on which the cancer can develop .
118
But while penile cancer is serious , it is also exceedingly rare , even for uncircumcised men .
The AAP 's Task Force reports that in the United States , one out of 100,000 men contract cancer of the penis .
119 However , the Task Force has been criticized for conflating the data on [ page 483 ] circumcised and uncircumcised males , thereby understating the risk .
120 In fact , most cases of penile cancer occur in uncircumcised males , who have an incidence rate of 2.2 per 100,000.121
One study has estimated that if all American men were uncircumcised , the annual number of penile cancers would increase from roughly 1,000 to more than 3,000,122 while another study reports that the risk estimate for developing penile cancer in males who are not circumcised neonatally is 3.2 times that of men circumcised at birth .
123
In addition , some research suggests that circumcision is particularly effective in preventing invasive penile cancer , the most serious form of the disease .
124 However , by anyone 's measure , penile cancer is a rare medical occurrence .
125
3. HIV
While some studies have challenged the link between noncircumcision and HIV,126 as the Task Force states , " there is a substantial body of evidence that links noncircumcision in men with risk for HIV infection . " 127 Most of this data comes from Sub - Saharan Africa , and suggests that circumcision has a significant protective effect against [ page 484 ] acquisition of HIV .
128
A number of these studies have severe methodological limitations , such as the failure to adjust for factors ( like sexual behavior ) that strongly correlate with HIV risk and subject pools that are limited to high - risk populations .
129 Nonetheless , some researchers consider the link between HIV and circumcision status so strong , and the situation in Africa so desperate , that they have called on public health authorities to initiate mass circumcision as a prophylactic measure .
130
There are several hypotheses for why the presence of a foreskin may increase susceptibility to HIV .
One possibility is that the foreskin contains a greater number of cells that are especially sensitive to the HIV virus .
131 Another is that the foreskin increases the risk of sexually transmitted diseases that involve ulcers and open sores , which in turn facilitate HIV transmission .
132 A third possibility is that the thick layer of cells that develop on the glans of the circumcised penis protect against HIV .
133 Finally , the warm microclimate under the foreskin may permit viruses to survive longer , thereby increasing exposure .
134
The connection between HIV and circumcision has not been heavily studied in the United States .
Of the two studies conducted in sexually transmitted disease clinics in the United States , one found that noncircumcision is a risk factor for HIV,135 while the other did not .
136
The only random population study conducted in the United States [ page 485 ] found no correlation between circumcision status and the rate of HIV .
137
What is undoubtedly true is that behavioral factors are " far more important risk factors in the acquisition of HIV infection than circumcision status .
" 138 The United States itself illustrates this point : it has both the highest rate of circumcision and the highest rate of HIV infection in the Western world .
4. Other Sexually Transmitted Diseases ( STDs )
The data are decidedly mixed over whether circumcision prevents other STDs .
A discussion of just a few studies illustrates the point .
One Australian study , for instance , reports a four - to five - fold increase in the rates of syphilis , gonorrhea , and herpes among uncircumcised men .
139
A large study of men who visited a Seattle STD clinic also found higher rates of syphilis and gonorrhea among uncircumcised men .
But circumcision status appeared to have no effect on the rates of herpes and chlamydia .
Uncircumcised men also had significantly lower incidence of human papilloma virus ( HPV ) , which causes genital warts .
140
In contrast , a recent study of men from Brazil , Colombia , Thailand , the Phillippines , and Spain found an association between noncircumcision and increased risk for HPV .
141 Finally and confoundingly , a random population study in the United States found that circumcised men were slightly more likely to suffer from both bacterial and viral STDs .
142 As the AAP 's Task Force summarized , the " [e] vidence regarding the relationship of circumcision to STD in general is complex and conflicting .
" 143
If circumcision makes a difference , it is probably for reasons that are similar to why noncircumcision is a risk factor for HIV : the moist environment under the foreskin and the susceptibility of particular cells in the foreskin .
In addition , the foreskin may be prone to small abrasions during intercourse , which would facilitate transmission of STDs .
Importantly , as with HIV , behavioral factors are far more [ page 486 ] significant than circumcision status in determining whether a person contracts an STD .
Again , the United States has both the highest rate of circumcision and the highest rate of STDs in the Western world .
5. Cervical Cancer
The argument that circumcision affects cervical cancer has floated in and out of the medical literature for years , but most studies attempting to document the connection have been disregarded because of profound methodological flaws , such as women inaccurately reporting the circumcision status of their husbands .
Indeed , the AAP 's 1999 policy statement does not even mention cervical cancer prevention as a potential medical benefit .
However , in April 2002 , the New England Journal of Medicine published a report suggesting that the female partners of circumcised males are less likely to get cervical cancer than the partners of uncircumcised males .
144 Specifically , researchers pooled data from Spain , Colombia , Brazil , Thailand , and the Philippines , and concluded that women whose male partners had six or more sexual partners and were circumcised had a lower risk of cervical cancer than women whose male partners had six or more sexual partners and were uncircumcised .
145 In addition , circumcised males in the study had a lower incidence of the sexually - transmitted disease HPV .
Because exposure to certain strains of HPV is a significant risk factor for cervical cancer , researchers hypothesized that circumcision protects against the cancer by reducing the incidence of HPV infection .
146
As an editorial that accompanied the study explains , it does have some shortcomings .
First , many risk factors for HPV are more common among uncircumcised men than circumcised men , such as poor genital hygiene and a history of multiple sexual partners .
Because these variables are difficult to control for , they may help explain the higher incidence of HPV in uncircumcised males .
147 In other words , because behavioral factors are so important , it is still not certain whether circumcision makes a quantitative difference in the rate of cervical cancer .
In addition , progression from infection with a cancer - causing strain of HPV to invasive cervical cancer may take several decades .
Therefore , at least some of the females in the study may have become infected by a different male partner , whose circumcision status is [ page 487 ] unknown .
This sort of misclassification would either attenuate or exaggerate the association between noncircumcision and risk of cervical cancer .
148 Finally , the study conflicts with some conducted in the United States which found that uncircumcised males have either the same or lesser incidence of HPV than circumcised males .
149 Nonetheless , if the results of this most recent study are replicated elsewhere and become well - accepted , the medical utility of circumcision might be greatly enhanced .
However , the issue of distributional fairness has gone largely undiscussed in the reporting of the recent findings about cervical cancer : who would receive the benefits of circumcision and who would bear the risks .
The notion of shared risk is embedded in most public health initiatives , particularlythose that involve children .
Think , for example , of inoculations , to which circumcision is often compared .
Under a universal vaccination policy , each child bears the risk of a complication , just as each child gains immunity to disease .
If cervical cancer becomes the " medical argument for circumcision , " 150 however , the non-negligible risks and considerable pain are borne by males , while the medical benefit is reaped by females .
Circumcision would be a unique prophylactic intervention , one in which the health of one population was put at risk for the benefit of another population .
From a legal prospective , the broad parental discretion to consent on behalf of the child is sharply curtailed when a medical procedure does not benefit the child but may aid third parties .
The issue arises most frequently in the context of organ transplants .
151 Whether the court uses a substituted judgment or best interest standard , 152 the overarching focus [ page 488 ] is on what course of action will give the child the greatest net benefit .
153
In answering this question , courts examine the relationship between the donor and donee , the effect of the procedure on the donor , the urgency of the donee 's need , and the probability that the procedure will be successful .
154
Evaluated by these criteria , circumcision could not be performed or recommended as a prophylactic measure to prevent cervical cancer .
First , the beneficiary 's need is far from urgent ; many years will elapse before the boy is sexually active .
No analogy can be drawn to the cancer patient who needs a bone marrow transplant ,155 or the kidney patient who is kept alive by dialysis .
156 Second , the case law emphasizes the necessity of a close , existing relationship between the child and person who will benefit from the surgery .
157 Here there is not yet a relationship between the boy and the woman who would benefit from circumcision .
Moreover , even the most recent study suggests that circumcision offers a protective benefit only to the female partners of men who have six or more sexual partners or engage in other behavior that puts them at high risk for HPV ; the boy may end up not fitting this profile .
For that matter , the boy may be homosexual and never have female partners .
Without knowledge about what sort of man the boy will become , preventive circumcision is highly speculative .
These considerations lead to the conclusion that if circumcision is done to prevent cervical cancer , it should be postponed until the boy is old enough to voice his own opinion on the matter .
But while some cultures may believe that routine circumcision is more humane if done during adolescence , 158 this is certainly not the American view : many [ page 489 ] parents say they circumcise during infancy to avoid the possibility that it will need to be done later .
159
Thus , we can easily imagine a court assuming that any relationship between a male and his sexual partner will be close , and that if the procedure is going to be done at all , it has to be done during infancy .
But even given these assumptions , circumcision would not pass muster under the usual standards for evaluating medical procedures that are performed for the benefit of third parties .
When altruistic surgeries are performed on minors , the beneficiary is usually desperate and helpless .
No alternative treatments are available , and without the aid of the minor , death is a near certainty .
160 In contrast , women are capable of protecting themselves from cervical cancer that is connected to HPV .
Not only can they practice safe sex , even more critically ( and perhaps more realistically ) , they can receive simple annual Pap tests .
Cervical cancer is easily cured if detected early , and for this reason , " [ d] octors often say it is a disease that no woman should die of .
" 161 If prevention of cervical cancer becomes the medical rationale for circumcision , voiceless infants are subjected to a procedure for the benefit of adult women , who are fully equipped to take control of their own bodies and sexual well - being .
Some readers may think that it is inappropriate to compare circumcision to surgeries that are performed for the benefit of third parties ; all we are talking about are foreskins , not kidneys or bone marrow .
But our exasperated " it 's only circumcision " merely reflects the social norm , which in turn shapes how we perceive the loss of the foreskin .
162
To truly assess the fairness of removing healthy tissue from infants for the benefit of adult women , we need a thought experiment .
Temporarily dispense with scientific disbelief and pretend that a new study concludes that amputating a male infant 's little toe would decrease cervical cancer rates in particular populations .
Many physicians and the popular press start touting toe amputation as effective preventive medicine .
Would you choose to cut off your newborn son's little toe ?
Or , if it is difficult to imagine yourself with an infant son , would you think this recommendation represented appropriate public health policy ?
My guess is that the answer to both questions is no , even though the little toe is not more useful than the foreskin , and even if you think that [ page 490 ] the absence of a little toe might make the boy a more desirable sexual partner .
You may be unwilling to subject infants to the pain of amputation ; you may think that " normal " means having a little toe ; you may believe it bizarre to amputate something that is likely to cause the boy little trouble beyond the occasional stub ; you may be convinced that there are better ways to combat cervical cancer ; you may just generally feel possessive about your son 's body parts .
That we do not have similar reactions when it comes to cutting off the foreskin for the benefit of adult women is a testament to how deeply embedded the norm of circumcision really is .
Of course , the analogy between the foreskin and the little toe is not strictly accurate , because toe amputation ( like kidney transplants or bone marrow extractions ) holds no possibility of potential health benefits for the child .
Circumcision , in contrast , has potential health benefits .
163
But it would be inappropriate to allow these potential benefits to cloud the issue of distributional fairness , because the medical establishment has already told us that the potential benefits are not enough to merit routine neonatal circumcision .
Some would argue that the analogy between the foreskin and little toe is inapt for another reason : that , in fact , the foreskin has a sexual function that makes it far more useful than the little toe .
In adult males , the foreskin comprises one third to one half of the penile skin and acts as platform for nerve and nerve endings , making it as sensitive or more sensitive than other parts of the penis .
Except when the penis is erect , the foreskin protects the glans by hanging over it .
Without the protection of the foreskin , the glans of a circumcised male becomes keratinized and develops layers of protective cells that act like a callous .
164
But while the physical characteristics of the foreskin are well - understood , whether the loss of the foreskin affects sexual performance or sexual satisfaction is fiercely debated .
Unfortunately , but perhaps predictably , the evidence is mixed and mostly anecdotal .
165 The two [ page 491 ] studies that surveyed men who were circumcised later in life report conflicting results .
In one study of 15 men , circumcision resulted in no statistically significant changes in male sexual function .
166
In another study of forty - three men , participants reported a statistically significant reduction in erectile function as well as decreased penile sensitivity .
167
In this same study , however , men were more satisfied with their penis after circumcision , based in large part on its new appearance .
168 This suggests a point made in a large study of American sexual practices : the perception of sexual experience depends not only on the physical characteristics of the individuals involved , but also on the larger cultural and social context .
169 Still , perhaps our thought experiment should be modified to include the possibility that amputation of the little toe negatively affects sexual function .
( Remember that you are suspending scientific disbelief . )
With this modification the reader is now probably even more reluctant to cut off a newborn 's toe because the sacrifice required of the infant simply seems too great , especially when adult women have a means of safeguarding their own interests .
In sum , more research needs to be done before prevention of cervical cancer can be added to the list of circumcision 's potential health benefits .
But because of the issue of distributional fairness , as well as the dubiousness of the parent 's ability to consent to circumcision when its purpose is to benefit adult women , we should view with caution any argument that promotes the prevention of cervical cancer as a justification for routine circumcision .
[ page 492 ]
D. Social Norms As A Discrete Factor in the Modern - Day
Decision to Circumcise
If routine circumcision is not medically recommended , is painful , and carries the risk of complications , why do more than 65 percent of American parents choose to do it ?
While there is no simple answer to this question , the existing social science research shows that the procedure is highly path dependent : in large part , parents circumcise because their parents did it and because their peers are doing it .
Indeed , surveys of parental decisionmaking reveal that the single most prominent factor is usually what researchers term " social concerns , " that is , the desire for the boy to look like his peers or his father .
170 With regard to the former , parents worry that a boy whose penis is different from others will be ridiculed by his schoolmates , or that his sex life will be negatively affected in later years .
171
In other words , parents perceive that the presence or absence of a foreskin is a basis for what McAdams describes as esteem - based sanctions .
And there is room here for Posner 's signaling theory as well .
With no medical reason for the procedure , the circumcision decision is wholly arbitrary and an opportunity to signal a " good type . "
The empirical data suggests that parents are correct in perceiving that circumcision status has esteem - based and reputational consequences .
While evidence of locker room teasing is only anecdotal , 172 in cultures where circumcision is the norm , researchers have found distinct differences in the sexual practices of circumcised and uncircumcised men .
The largest study of American sexual practices reported that circumcised men engaged in each activity examined - various forms of oral [ page 493 ] and anal sex and masturbation - more frequently than uncircumcised men .
173
When respondents were asked to rate their preference for a variety of sexual practices , circumcised men expressed a greater preference for almost every form of sexual behavior .
The difference was most pronounced for oral sex , with " circumcised men significantly more likely to prefer [ receiving ] fellatio than uncircumcised men .
" 174
What is particularly fascinating , and most significant for social norm theory , is that the differences in practices and preferences were apparent in white respondents , but not in Blacks and Hispanics .
Among respondents , whites were considerably more likely to be circumcised ( 81 percent , as compared to 65 percent of blacks and 54 percent of Hispanics ) .
175
In reflecting on their findings , the researchers commented :
While we do not wish to push speculation too far , differences in the association between circumcision status and sexual practice across ethnic groups suggest that cultural , rather than physiological , forces may be responsible .
In particular , [ our ] results may reflect attitudes regarding the cultural acceptability of the uncircumcised penis . . . .
Among whites , . . . uncircumcised men are relatively uncommon .
A consequence of this may be that a certain stigma is attached to the uncircumcised penis in the white population .
If the uncircumcised penis assumes somewhat negative cultural associations among whites , this may lead uncircumcised white men to engage in a somewhat less - elaborated set of sexual practices .
[ In particular , such acts that involve direct stimulation of the uncircumcised penis should hold the least appeal . ]
176
Other studies also suggest that among groups where circumcision is the norm , there is a stigma associated with the foreskin .
When American college women were shown pictures of the circumcised and uncircumcised penis , 87 percent said that they preferred circumcision .
177
And in a study of 43 men who were circumcised later in life , " there was a statistically significant improvement in how men thought the penis looked to them and to their partners .
" 178 Men also reported that they were more likely to receive oral sex and that their partners were more likely to initiate sexual activity , although these changes were not statistically significant .
179
* 494 Of course , most parents will be unaware of this research .
But there is plenty of cultural evidence that , at least among whites , noncircumcision isconsidered deviant .
For instance , in a Seinfeld episode , Jerry asks Elaine whether she has ever seen an uncircumcised penis .
Her response is an emphatic " you would n't recognize it if you saw it ! "
In Sex and the City , Charlotte is surprised to discover that a man is uncircumcised ; by the end of the episode , he has undergone elective circumcision to escape negative reactions from women .
Moreover , in at least some social groups , a parent 's peers probably also convey that a stigma is associated with noncircumcision .
180
The other social concern commonly expressed by parents - that a boy look like his father - is not as easily explained under social norm theory .
Certainly the father ( who would presumably participate in the circumcision decision ) would not be the source of the esteem - based sanction .
Moreover , only very immediate family would be in a position to know whether the son 's circumcision status matched the father's .
Thus an esteem - based model does not explain the importance parents place on this factor .
Neither does a signaling model , since by their very nature signals must be observable .
181
Robert Cooter 's internalization model may have more explanatory value , albeit in a very nuanced way .
So far this Article has contemplated that the deeply internalized norm is " be a good parent . "
But another deeply internalized norm may be at work as well , one that involves conceptions of masculinity .
The comments of some circumcised fathers illustrate the point : " Even if it hurts , he has to go through it . . . .
One day he 'll thank me " and " [ i ] t's part of being a man in a man 's world . . . .
My father was circumcised , I am , and my son will be .
" 182 Indeed , circumcision may be an example of what Timothy Beneke has coined " compulsive masculinity , " or the " need to relate to , and at times create , stress or distress as a means of . . . proving manhood .
" 183 American culture is replete with examples of the belief that enduring physical pain or psychological distress is what defines a man .
For [ page 495 ] instance , sports , which often involve physical pain and intense pressure , have long been a vehicle for proving masculinity , 184 while television commercials for the armed forces imply that they will turn boys into men .
Indeed , most cultures equate manhood with the successful endurance of distress , and many have rituals that formalize this means of proving masculinity .
Beneke cites the adolescent circumcision rites in some East African tribes as one example ; 185 perhaps the South Korean practice discussed in this Article 's Introduction qualifies as well .
While Americans may not consciously perceive of neonatal circumcision as a rite of passage , on some level parents may believe that it is appropriate to expose male infants to distress , because these babies are beginning their journey towards manhood .
If this is so , then the compulsive masculinity norm would intersect nicely with the good parenting norm , because good parents prepare their sons for manhood .
Cooter 's model , however , is about more than mere internalization .
His thesis is that failure to conform with the norm generates a self - imposed sanction in the form of guilt or shame .
186 Why would a son looking different than his father generate an internal sanction ?
One possibility is that parents are again stepping into the child 's shoes and anticipating that he will feel shame in looking different from his father , whom the parents probably assume will be a role model .
But the genitalia of a child and an adult are very different regardless of circumcision status , and by the time the child really could resemble his father , he will probably be old enough to understand why his parents made a different decision than his grandparents .
Thus a more plausible possibility is that parents believe that " teaching your son to be a man " is something that good parents do , and that they experience guilt when they fail to expose him to what they consider an important aspect of masculinity .
Moreover , making a different choice for one 's son requires a father to admit that what was done to him was , in hindsight , not the best choice .
187 Given how closely the penis is connected to conceptions of manhood , this might be quite a significant concession on the part of the father , and one many may not allow themselves to make .
[ page 496 ]
E. Social Norms as Multipliers in the Modern Day Decision To Circumcise
Assume that the decision whether to circumcise usually involves the following considerations : pain ( p ) , the risk of complications ( rc ) , the possibility that loss of the foreskin may diminish sexual pleasure ( ds ) , medical benefits ( mb ) , esteem among peers ( ep ) , esteem among sexual partners ( es ) , and the advantages of the son resembling the father ( sf ) .
If norm - based considerations are merely discrete factors in the behavioral calculus , in 2003 a majority of parents must reason that :
( p + rc + ds ) < ( mb + ep + es + sf ) 188
This explanation of parental decisionmaking , however , is ultimately unsatisfactory .
Most newborns — male or female — are treated with extraordinary tenderness .
They are protected from light , touched only gently , and swaddled in soft clothing .
Almost all the benefits of circumcision are norm - based .
Such considerations would have to achieve an exalted status to overcome the parental instinct to protect an infant from sources of stress and discomfort .
A more compelling account of parental decisionmaking is that the prevalence of the procircumcision norm causes parents to discount the considerations that weigh against circumcision , and exaggerate the evidence supporting the procedure .
For instance , Caucasian parents in the Midwest are likely to know only circumcised males , many of whom are healthy , and probably all of whom consider themselves no worse for the trauma .
These parents will also see that their peers continue to circumcise their sons , which provides another basis for discounting the disadvantages of the procedure and exaggerating its potential health benefits .
As discussed in Part I.B , norms affect how the decisionmaker perceives the relevant factors in the cost - benefit analysis .
There are countless ways this phenomena could manifest itself with regard to circumcision , but we might imagine that a typical parent would be most troubled about causing pain , and most attracted to the idea that circumcision has medical benefits .
In this instance , we would expect the parental analysis to look like this ( where boldface indicates an exaggerating effect , and regular typeface indicates a discounting effect ) :
[ page 497 ]
( ( norm * p ) + rc + ds ) < ( ( norm * mb ) + ep + es + sf )
We might also expect something more complicated , where the discounting and bolstering effects of a norm vary , depending on the strength or weakness of a relevant consideration , and whether it counsels for or against following the norm :
(( NORM * p ) + ( norm * rc ) + ds ) < ( ( NORM * mb ) + ( norm * ep ) + es + sf )
The permutations are many , but the central point is that norms will impose their own set of costs and benefits , and color the decisionmaker 's perception of the other relevant considerations .
This hypothesis is supported by the work of researchers who have studied informed consent in the context of routine circumcision .
Virtually all of these studies reveal that providing information about the advantages and disadvantages of the procedure does not lead to lower circumcision rates .
189
Of course , one possibility is that the discrete , norm - based considerations are so powerful that they make all other factors irrelevant .
Another possibility is that some parents do not even attempt to engage in a careful analysis before deciding to circumcise .
For these parents , the norm favoring circumcision acts as an heuristic , and the parents simply pay no attention to information about the procedure .
190
But other parents who described themselves as always assuming that they would circumcise did actively express an interest in learning more about the procedure before it was performed on their son .
And the evidence suggests that they were unable or unwilling to fully process information that ran counter to the prevalent norm .
For instance , in a study where physicians provided mothers with verbal counseling , researchers were able to assess parental reactions to information that suggested the disadvantages of circumcision outweighed its benefits .
As the study 's authors described :
Several mothers were visibly uncomfortable having to listen to the 5 - 10 minute presentation of all the information .
On several occasions they seemed to express guilt about their decision and resentment toward the physician for creating doubt about their previously [ page 498 ] established beliefs regarding circumcision .
One mother even informed the pediatrician that the process of being told about all the medical complications and risks of the procedure was so adversive that she had decided not to bring her child to his pediatric clinic for subsequent well - child visits .
191
Having to be part of a conversation about circumcision made it more difficult for parents to bolster the decision to circumcise ; most were anxious to discount , or perhaps entirely ignore , the costs that would lead them to opt against circumcision .
If we accept for the sake of argument that most parents care deeply about doing what is best for their child , a version of parental decisionmaking that includes cognitive restructuring in the direction of a norm rings much more true than one that has parents removing part of the penis simply for the sake of conformity , or to comport with notions of masculinity .
Indeed , when social norms are seen as multipliers , it is easier to explain how circumcision reconciles with the deeply internalized norm of good parenting , as usual conceptions of acting in a child 's best interest do not include having him undergo a surgery that has associated risks and is not medically warranted .
Moreover , given gender stereotypes , parents may be able to conveniently ignore the pain of circumcision .
Here norms of masculinity are again relevant , and these norms cause parents to discount the pain that is experienced by the male infant .
Numerous social scientists have demonstrated that parents perceive their infants through gender - tinted glasses .
192 Adults not only describe babies in ways that invoke traditional gender stereotypes , they also are likely to choose different toys depending on the child 's perceived sex , to talk more to infants they believe are girls , and to roughhouse more with infants they believe are boys .
In general , parental behavior towards infants " reflects their stereotyped beliefs about girls and boys , namely , that girls are delicate . . . while boys are strong and sturdy .
" 193
Of particular relevance is the data on how mothers interact with infant sons and daughters .
Mothers hold their daughters more closely than sons , touch them more frequently , and cuddle them more often .
Significantly , " [ m ] others are highly sensitive to a daughter 's expressions of pain or discomfort , often mirroring the baby 's expression themselves for a moment , while they [ page 499 ] tend to ignore such expressions in a son .
" 194 Perhaps parents are able to minimize the pain of circumcision because they already have the gender - based perception that their son will , to use the colloquial expression , " take it like a man . "
Indeed , in early personality tests intended to distinguish between males and females , subjects were awarded masculinity points for agreeing - and femininity points for denying - that they could " stand as much pain as others can .
" 195 While explicit references to pain have disappeared from contemporary measures of masculinity and femininity , personality measures continue to consider toughness a marker of masculinity .
196
It may be that when parents decide whether to circumcise , they are influenced by a preconceived notion of masculinity , and are therefore able to discount the pain and trauma that circumcision causes the infant .
If this is so , then two norms are coloring the perceptions of the parental decisionmaker : the norm favoring circumcision and a norm about masculinity .
These norms should have the strongest discounting effect on the most persuasive reason not to circumcise and the greatest exaggerating effect on the least persuasive reason to circumcise .
III .
LEGAL INTERVENTIONS
AIMED AT NORM MANAGEMENT
Assume that a legislator or other policy maker wanted to change the procircumcision norm .
An individual who announced this goal might be motivated by a variety of considerations , although fairness to the infant and Kaldor - Hicks inefficiency 197 would probably top the list .
On the latter point , a number of cost-utility and cost - effectiveness studies have concluded that circumcision is inefficient , although most are of limited value because they focus on only one or two potential benefits of circumcision and do not adequately consider the potential disadvantages .
198
The most comprehensive cost utility analysis , which used [ page 500 ] decision tree modeling and Markov simulation to evaluate the effect of circumcision across an eighty - five year life expectancy , 199 concluded that the " advantages and disadvantages cancel each other .
Cost and health factors should be removed from the decision , and personal factors ( e.g. , cultural or religious ) should be considered of primary importance when the doctor and the parents discuss the issue .
" 200 From a societal standpoint , however , the best preventive medicine encompasses measures that , to put it colloquially , provide some bang for our buck .
This is the primary reason why Britain and most Canadian provinces have dropped routine circumcision from their public insurance plans .
201 Given limited healthcare funding , these governments concluded that the resources spent on circumcision could be put to better use .
While the American system of privatized healthcare partially obviates these sorts of systemic medical allocations , fully one - third of all American births are covered by Medicaid .
202 Moreover , even when the birth is covered by private insurance , the overarching point remains the same : healthcare dollars could yield greater benefit if they were spent elsewhere .
But regardless of how persuasive the argument for change , our would - be norm manager faces what Lawrence Lessig describes as a collective action problem .
203
At present , circumcision is consistent with notions of good parenting .
Stubbornly and circularly , this association is likely to persist as long as most parents continue to circumcise , because conceptions [ page 501 ] of good parenting are informed and influenced by what significant numbers of parents choose to do .204 Moreover , the parent who might be inclined towards noncircumcision ( and could therefore begin to help challenge the social meaning of circumcision ) has little incentive to not circumcise , because of the esteem - based or reputational consequences within that parent 's group , and because the norm colors their assessment of other factors .
205
Thus , for the norm to change , parents have to act collectively .
That is , enough of them have to simultaneously choose noncircumcision to make the stigma associated with the foreskin disappear , and to transform noncircumcision into the choice associated with good parenting .
Once the number of noncircumcisions reaches this critical mass , even individuals who might prefer routine circumcision will be unlikely to circumcise because they will be the ones fearing negative reputational consequences .
206
Dan Kahan has suggested that in the face of such collective action problems , incremental legal measures are ultimately more effective than broad , sweeping reforms .
207 Kahan illustrates his argument by pointing to the gradual transformation of public attitudes towards smoking .
As recently as 1960 , smoking was considered glamorous and sophisticated .
Then , beginning with the release of the Surgeon General 's Report in 1964 , the law slowly began to chip away the pro-smoking norm .
Over a period of decades , Congress required warning labels , banned television advertisements , and federal , state , and local governments gradually restricted public smoking .
By the 1990s , legal decisionmakers were holding the tobacco industry accountable for its effect on public health , and smoking was viewed as a disgusting habit that bystanders need not tolerate .
208
In contrast , consider Prohibition , which was designed to immediately end the consumption of alcohol .
Prohibition was widely ignored and ultimately repealed , and drinking continues to be acceptable today .
If a law condemns behavior more than the average individual does , it is likely to engender backlash and resistance .
If , however , the legal intervention " gently nudges " towards the desired [ page 502 ] attitude , " it might well initiate a process that culminates in the near eradication of the contested norm and the associated types of behavior .
"
209
When norms are understood as multipliers , it becomes evident that the most effective gentle nudges will counteract the distorting effect that the norm has on the other factors in the behavioral calculus .
In other words , in order to change behavior , it is not necessary to condemn or even appear to directly attack the behavior that results from the predominant norm .
Instead , it is sufficient to make it harder for a decisionmaker to discount the costs of a particular decision , or to exaggerate the benefits .
The remainder of this Article applies the lessons of social norms as multipliers , and examines three incremental legal interventions whose collective weight may help change the social meaning of noncircumcision , so that the esteem - based and reputational consequences become positive , or at least neutral , and so that the norm ceases to diminishor exaggerate the other considerations in the behavioral calculus .
Specifically , the Article discusses the possibility of legislation that ( 1 ) requires parents to pay out - of - pocket for routine circumcisions ; ( 2 ) imposes a civil fine on doctors who circumcise without the use of effective pain control ; and ( 3 ) strengthens the informed consent process .
The Article reviews the empirical data supporting the effectiveness of each of these reforms and concludes that measures addressing payment and pain have some promise .
The Article is , however , more skeptical about the effectiveness of a measure aimed at the informed consent process , even though this is a common recommendation among medical professionals and increasing information is a general strategy favored by social norm theorists .
A. Legal Scholarship on Circumcision
Most legal writers examining routine neonatal circumcision have advocated broad reforms of the legal landscape which , if adopted , would almost instantly eradicate the procedure .
For example , some authors have analyzed the legal and ethical requirements for informed consent when medical treatment is given to a child and concluded that parents lack the legal authority to consent to routine circumcisions .
210 Others [ page 503 ] have suggested that circumcision violates human rights , 211 or is properly construed as child abuse .
212 Still others have suggested that outlawing female circumcision but permitting male circumcision violates the Equal Protection Clause .
213
While these authors are to be commended for taking a fresh look at such a deeply - embedded norm , their legal prescriptions are radically out of step with popular sentiment .
There is a tremendous societal investment in routine circumcision , and many of us have a personal stake as well .
Indeed , probably most readers of this Article , not to mention most members of the legal community and government , are either circumcised , have a partner who is circumcised , or - perhaps most critically - have chosen to circumcise their own sons .
We are not ready to suddenly accept the analogy between circumcision and child abuse , or male circumcision and female circumcision .
In sum , most of the existing legal arguments about routine circumcision are simply too ambitious ( and therefore too unrealistic ) to offer the prospect of real change .
The litigated cases on routine male circumcision support this conclusion .
In London v. Glasser , 214 which was filed against the doctor by the infant 's guardian ad litem , a central argument was that the infant 's parents lacked the legal authority to consent to circumcision .
215
In an unpublished opinion , the California Court of Appeals held that parents have the authority to consent to any medical procedure , regardless of its purpose .
216 The California Supreme Court subsequently denied certiorari without comment .
In Fishbeck v. State of North Dakota , 217 a mother [ page 504 ] whose infant had been circumcised without her consent ( but with the
OS X Snow Leopard seems to do nothing really new .
And yet , it could be their most important OS since 10.0.0 .
Updated the Bad Stuff section .
Advertisement
Snow Leopard , as a follow up to Leopard , is almost absurdly insubstantial at first glance .
The new operating system takes the same old boring , every day tasks like opening files , for example , and makes them happen subtly faster .
But that performance is not being utilized by any third - party programs right now .
And there are practically no new first - party programs by Apple .
Nope , mostly just rewritten old ones and dozens of little interface tweaks .
Some fanboys will ask , incredulously , " This is a new operating system ? ! "
Those people are missing the point .
On deeper inspection , Snow Leopard 's inconspicuous aspects — performance squeezed from underused CPU multicores / GPUs and basic UI tweaks — are found to be the kind of refinement generally reserved for virtuosity .
These speed optimizations are deep , reminding me of when a master martial artist puts the entirety of his weight behind a strike ( while a neophyte would flails his limbs like a henchman in a Bruce Lee movie ) .
The little UI tweaks are no different than when a great sculptor 's chisel works to remove everything non-essential during the final steps on a statue .
Challenging 30 years of ever more bloated software tradition , the changes here are about becoming a more effective middleware between the media and the hardware , reducing friction while becoming more useful by , well , being lighter , less visible .
Advertisement
And if you think that 's bullshit , well , I can't say you 're completely out of your mind , but there 's always the consolation that this OS upgrade costs about the same as a used Xbox game .
Performance
After some benching on a first - generation MacBook Air , an older MacBook Pro 15 and a pair of current - gen 13 - inch MacBook Pros , it 's clear that Snow Leopard is faster — sometimes drastically — but almost never in third - party applications .
Some people like charts .
If you feel like skipping them , here 's a summary :
Snow Leopard Benchmarks
The test machines all showed massive improvement in opening these large , detailed ( read : hard to …
Read more
Advertisement
• In preview , where opening six 35 MB 20,000 - pixel - wide images of Tokyo's cityscape each took half the time in Snow .
• Safari's javascript processing , using Snow 's specific tech , is about 40 % faster — useful for all those Ajax - heavy websites we all use now .
• Time Machine backed up a 1GB dataset nearly 40 % faster than on Leopard .
• There was no discernible improvement in non-optimized 32 - bit programs : Photoshop testing and Handbrake DVD ripping times were identical .
High - def playback on QuickTime 7 ( not the new QuickTime 10 version ) was identical in CPU usage , too .
• Synthetic benchmark results were interesting :
The aging Xbench app , which tests everything from graphics to disks to memory , took a slight performance dip , implying older software may , too .
Geekbench , a multicore optimized , newer benchmark available in both 32 - and 64 - bit saw a lift on Snow .
But the test is only focused on theoretical CPU and memory performance , which may not translate into every day use .
Here 's a video of those JPEGs cranking open in parallel , rather than serial , fashion :
Advertisement
Impressed yet ?!
You should n't be .
Well , not by the act of opening images .
But you definitely should once you realize what it really shows :
Apple just pulled 2X performance out of my hardware , by software alone .
Tada !
How is Snow Leopard Getting Faster ?
There are three fundamental reasons for these performance increases :
Better multicore processor support through what Apple calls GCD ( Grand Central Dispatch — which we explain here ) ; OpenCL APIs for utilizing the processing power in any graphics cards above the GeForce 8600 Series for video acceleration and general purpose computing ; and they 've rewritten almost all the applications that ship with Snow Leopard to run in 64 - bit mode while taking advantage of GCD and CoreCL .
So it 's making processing for today 's chips more efficient and easier for developers .
And giving programs a way to utilize the power of the video card when it 's not playing games .
It also allows programs to run in 64 - bit mode , the main theoretical advantage of which is to allow these programs to access more than 4GB of RAM on systems that have it .
( More on all that at the bottom of the page . *)
Advertisement
Snow Leopard is efficient in other ways too .
Install size is down to 10 GB from 16GB , most of that weight shed by losing printer drivers and the PowerPC part of universal binaries .
( Snow Leopard runs only on Intel hardware and downloads printer drivers it needs from the net , as you need them . )
Installation is also quicker by about 30 % on any given piece of hardware ( consistent with the smaller install footprint ) .
And in a move that can only be categorized as showing off , Snow Leopard can finish its installation if you accidentally power it down midway through .
Advertisement
But I 'm digressing .
The bottom line on performance is that the programs included with this operating system will do just about everything faster on modern machines that support those technologies — that is , most of the multicore Macs or those running Nvidia 8600 series video cards or higher .
And not just a bit faster , but faster on the scale of 25 to 50 % which means there 's typically a good amount of latent processing juju in your video card and CPU .
Great , but to be honest , it 's a bit less impressive than it sounds in real life today , because all the basic system tasks happen fast anyhow .
( When was the last time you sat around while a JPEG opened up ? )
Again , no other apps that use GCD or OpenCL are available from software makers outside of Apple .
But if the theoretical gains are here to be had via easier programming methods , I 'd bet those apps will come soon .
Interface Streamlining
Advertisement
There are 5 major changes in the UI :
Advertisement
Finder
Icons now scale , courtesy of a little slider on the bottom right of the pane , up to 512 pixels wide .
It sounds wasteful , except that video files can be played directly from the finder window .
Honestly , I do n't prefer it more than the QuickLook ( hitting spacebar to popup a quick preview window ) in Leopard and carried over in Snow Leopard .
I do n't mind the option , but I have no use for this feature .
Advertisement
Dock
OS X's dock has been interactive for some time .
You could drag a file to an icon there to somehow get the two to interact , but you could never use the dock to select which window instance of an app to use .
Now clicking and holding ( empty handed or with a file ) triggers Expose , Apple 's window management doohickey , for that particular application .
Being able to quickly pop out an app's windows and then select the right one in a single step is terrific , but you still can't use Expose to quickly find the browser tab you want within a window .
That 's an increasingly big problem as the time spent in browsers goes up .
Advertisement
Expose
Expose itself has been improved , too .
When viewing all the windows for one application in Expose 's zoomed - out view , the items are now arranged in a grid instead of a single , impossible to read line , and each window has a text label .
( That 's helpful when you 're trying to recognize a particular window amongst lots of similar looking — and rendered tiny by Expose — text documents or emails . )
Minimized windows are also now shown at the bottom of the screen under a faint line dividing it from other maximized windows from the same application .
Stacks
When Stacks made its debut in Leopard , the dock mounted quick file viewer was too twitchy to use .
You 'd try to move a file andit would snap close , offended you 'd try to do anything but open a file .
And the space was always too limited in fan or grid mode to display more than a few icons .
Stacks improves on this by allowing scrolling in the Grid view , but by also adding a smart list view capable of showing numerous files at once .
It 's an improvement .
Advertisement
QuickTime 10
Putting QuickTime in this list is questionable , but aside from its acceleration , there are some major changes here .
That is , as you mouse away , the video screen loses all borders and buttons , appearing like the video equivalent of an infinity pool or one of those ultra thin LCDs .
The program has a new capture system for encording video and audio clips and even voice annotated screen capture sessions .
It also borrows the trimming thumbnail line from iMovie '09 .
I love it .
Let 's face it , in the big picture , calling these changes " major " is generous .
But there are literally dozens of even smaller examples , all welcome , all reducing friction points in the OS 's usage , eliminating clicks needed and making the OS less obtuse .
You can read about all of these additions in the gallery below , or here on one page , if you 're curious to read about them all .
If not , take my word for it :
They all make things better .
Advertisement
Snow Leopard Visual Guide
The following frames cover most of the user - experience tweaks found in Snow Leopard .
We apologize … Read more
While it 's not UI - or performance - related , one additional Snow Leopard benefit is free Exchange support , so your mail , address books and calendars can all sync through it .
I do n't work at a corporation , so I do n't care , but you may .
Advertisement
Bad Things
What kind of sick fanboy would I be if I did n't mention the imperfections ?
And Safari 4's ability to segment unstable browser plugins made itself useful when many more flash powered pages crashed in Snow Leopard than Leopard .
Advertisement
Other reviewers have discovered that Snow Leopard has disabled or quirk - ified some of their apps .
I 've also noticed that Expose does n't work as smoothly with spaces now .
You sometimes select a window on another virtual spaces desktop and it wo n't bring the window up top .
Advertisement
If you 've got some third part mission critical app that you need to run every day , you should double check its compatibility and wait for a new version before upgrading your OS .
Look before you leap here .
The OS is n't so radically new that you have to have it right this moment .
Meow
The changes here are modest , and the performance gains look promising but beyond the built in apps , just a promise .
If you 're looking for more bells and whistles , you can hold off on this upgrade for at least awhile .
But my thought is that Snow Leopard 's biggest feature is that it does n't have any new features , but that what is already there has been refined , one step closer to perfection .
They just better roll out some new features next time , because the invisible refinement upgrade only works once every few decades .
Advertisement
Uses latent multicore and GPU power to speed up
the apps it comes with by relatively huge amounts
Advertisement
Costs $ 30 to upgrade
Advertisement
Still have n't seen any third party apps
rewritten to take advantage of Snow Leopard 's speed yet
Advertisement
No major new functionality might turn off
some
[ Back to our Complete Guide to Snow Leopard ]
Advertisement
* Performance Background : You May Skip This Section .
Today 's chips have hovered in the 2 - 3.6GHz range for some time , with gains in theoretical processing power made by increasing the number of CPU cores on one chip and optimizing the silicon in those cores .
Think about it as roof shingles :
It 's easier to protect your roof with lots of little shingles than one huge one .
Unfortunately , the power afforded by the additional CPU cores has largely gone to waste , because it 's difficult to write code that takes full advantage of multiple cores .
The programmer has to write the application in a way that breaks down large problems into multiple smaller problems ( called threads ) , each of which runs on a single CPU core .
The application then becomes a traffic cop keeping threads in sync .
If any part gets out of sync , the app crashes or hangs .
This problem is made more complex because many apps are written with a maximum number of threads in mind .
While some workloads , such as video encoding or photo processing can take advantage of many cores innately , most need to have some work done to add support for more threads , so future - proofing has been difficult .
I do n't know if programming GCD is easier than straight - up multiple - core programming — we cover some of those details here — but the key here is that Apple 's created a middleware that developers can write for , which automatically scales up to work with the number of CPU cores or other hardware in your system .
The developer writes for GCD , while the system handles the gruntwork .
Apple hopes more people will use this easier , more future - proofed way to tap into multiple - core power .
Of course , no one has so far , except Apple programmers themselves .
This explains why Finder , Preview and basically everything else that ships with Snow Leopard run faster .
But in my tests , Photoshop , still a 32 - bit program on the Mac and written without any support of GCD or OpenCL , showed less than 1 % variation from Leopard to Snow Leopard .
Still , as we can see from the system apps , there 's potential here .
And let 's face it , the majority of us are not rendering Photoshop files all day , so this is performance you can put in your pocket today .
Advertisement
There 's a story of efficiency here , too , however .
Because GCD is better at managing resources , a program like , Mail , for example , shows less system impact ( thread usage , cpu usage ) while sitting idle in Snow Leopard , than on Leopard .
When testing OpenCL 's hardware acceleration , something Windows machines have had for awhile , by playing a 1080 p trailer of James Cameron 's awesome new Avatar movie , CPU usage dropped drastically when machines were using the 64 - bit CoreCL and GCD supported version of QuickTime .
Any modern machine can play 1080 p video well , but here , we were talking about Snow Leopard causing the strain on the system to take total CPU usage from 30 % to 16 % on the 13 - inch MacBook Pros .
Other apps will eventually be able to use these GPU superpowers , but what Apple claims is the real potential for GPU processing is that OpenCL will let computers use video cards for not only 3D acceleration , video encoding , and heavy math , but more general computing tasks , too , because its written in a non-specific ( C - based ) programming language .
Furthermore , there have been a number of good articles questioning the speed benefits of 64 - bit computing .
Apple only goes so far to claim that math - based tasks benefit from the larger bus , but generally the only concrete advantage of 64 - bit computing is the ability apps gain to manipulate over 4GB of RAM , a 32 - bit limitation .
Apple 's dev docs go on to say that some apps will incur a penalty if going 64 - bit .
So , rewriting apps in 64 - bit versions is not a surefire recipe for speed improvement .
Advertisement
In many cases , with many of the built - in apps , Apple attributes the performance improvements to all three core technologies above .
That stuff that means not so much today , but might mean a lot tomorrow as GPUs get faster and CPUs gain more cores and there 's already an infrastructure in place to take advantage of all that .
[ Back to our Complete Guide to Snow Leopard ]
Click to view
The Home Office memory stick lost by a PA Consulting contractor a year ago contained 250,000 more names than originally disclosed .
The Home Office resource accounts state that the memory stick contained the personal details of 377,000 individuals from the Police National Computer ( PNC ) and prison records .
The Home Office earlier said the number was 127,000 .
The data on the extra 250,000 records comes from the Drug Interventions Programme and is an estimate of the number of times the programme was accessed by individuals , according to a Kable report .
The actual number of people whose data was lost will not be as high as the number of records , and only their initials were recorded , limiting their risk of exposure .
The incident was investigated and reported to the Information Commissioner 's Office .
PA was fired over the loss of the memory stick , which has not yet been found .
The company was still the top earner among Home Office consultants .
It took home £ 24.5 m , a quarter of what the Home Office spent last year in total on advisors .
Retro games are arcade and pixel games that are reminiscent of video game consoles of the 1980s and 90s .
Play any of the fun online games in our top selection of the very best free retro games , here at Silvergames.com .
You do n't have to rely on shady emulators of questionable legality to enjoy some awesome old school retro gaming action .
People love the 8 - bit and 16 - bit look of the exciting games from their youth .
Enjoy multiplayer battles or even new solitaire action titles like you remember them from your favorite gaming system .
Play fun vintage video game designs from the past with our free retro games .
Whether it 's tense arcade action or the long - term commitment of console RPGs , you are sure to find something awesome and addicting in our top selection of the best online retro games .
Passionate retro fans from all over the world have poured their passion into new games that emulate everything they loved about the originals .
Get ready to start mashing buttons again , like you did with your childhood game system , and beat that high score .
One Commodity Worth Buying
All the factors that set the fertilizer bull market in motion in the first place are still here .
Populations are still growing .
Diets are shifting toward more fruits , vegetables and meats — all fertilizer intensive .
As Potash CEO Bill Doyle says , “ This will continue to put pressure on global grain supplies , as farmers are being challenged to produce more with land and water resources that are shrinking on a per capita basis . ”
Fertilizers are a key part in meeting that challenge .
And the farmers are financially in good shape to buy more .
The debt - to - equity ratio for the U.S. farmer is only around 10 - 15 % .
Overseas , farmers are subsidized directly .
In India , the government picks up the tab of higher fertilizer costs .
As Doyle pointed out : “ With low grain stocks and low yields and 1.2 billion people , they ’re not going to drop the ball .
They ’ll continue to support the Indian farmer . ”
China has also started to subsidize the Chinese farmer , helping out with seed , machinery and fertilizer .
But since fertilizer application rates fell around the world this year , it is hard to imagine a strong harvest .
We will see .
As grain inventories are already low , I expect we ’ll need a strong planting season in early 2010 .
That means a strong demand for fertilizers .
At current pricing for potash , there is no incentive to boost production by investing in new capacity .
The financial crisis also laid low any plans for more potash .
A greenfield project — that is , one started from scratch — needs a higher price to make it work .
As Doyle pointed out , the cost for a 2 - million - tonne facility in Saskatchewan is approaching $ 3 billion .
That does n’t include the infrastructure you need around it .
Plus , it would take nearly a decade to get that new project generating a return on investment .
So from an investment point of view , potash still looks very good .
LEGO JESUS : Church spokesman Per Wilder said the statue at the Onsta Gryta church in the central Swedish city of Vasteras is a copy of Danish sculptor Bertel Thorvaldsen's " Christus " statue .
Parishioners at a church in Sweden have celebrated Easter by unveiling a 1.8 - metre - tall statue of Jesus that they had built out of 30,000 Lego blocks .
It took the 40 volunteers about 18 months to put all the tiny plastic blocks together , and their creation shows a standing Jesus facing forward with his arms outstretched .
The Protestant church was filled to capacity with about 400 worshippers on Sunday when the statue went on display behind the altar , and some of the children in the congregation could n't help but touch the white art work .
Church spokesman Per Wilder said the statue at the Onsta Gryta church in the central Swedish city of Vasteras is a copy of Danish sculptor Bertel Thorvaldsen's " Christus " statue on display in Copenhagen .
He also said that even though the statue is all white on the outside , many of the donated Lego that the church received were of other colours and were placed inside .
It 's the unspoken rule in the world of technology ; sex innovates .
For generations , the urge to create , disseminate and watch pornography has driven many of the great technological advances we now take for granted .
Click on the image to launch our guide to how pornography has propelled technological innovation .
I ’m ( unfortunately ) doing more work on Windows on these days so I ’ve installed a mini Windows - dev environment at home .
It is impressive what the libre software guys have done – between Emacs , Cygwin and Perl ( and a rusty MinGW C compiler ) I feel almost at home .
On Windows , there is an embarrassment of Perl options .
I could choose from ActiveState Perl , Strawberry Perl , CygPerl or try and build it myself .
I have n’t tried Strawberry Perl so I thought I ’d give it a whirl .
The install process was pleasant enough but after that I had some problems .
I tried my usual perl - MCPAN -e shell incantation followed by installing ( upgrading ) the CPAN package but it did n’t work .
Woe is me !
I reached for old reliable cygperl but that did n’t work either .
Hmmm … fishy , I ’m sure I have n’t had problems previously .
Thankfully googling the exact error lead to a solution which unfortunately I did n’t make a note of .
I do remember that it involved a rebase from the static shell , ash .
Following that , Strawberry Perl worked too .
The next thing to do was to install POE .
POE allows you to structure your code in an event - driven way .
I ’ve experienced some strange behaviour with POE on various Windows Perl implementations in the past so I want to test a few things .
My basic POE script .
use strict ; use warnings ; use POE ; POE :: Session -> create ( inline_states => { _start => sub { $ _ [ KERNEL ] -> yield ( ' loop ' ) ; } , loop => sub { print " Normal loop
" ; $ _ [ KERNEL ] -> delay ( loop => 1 ) ; } , } ) ; $ poe_kernel ->run ( ) ;
That was a cumbersome way to implement a while 1 loop eh ?
while ( 1 ) { print " Normal Loop
" ; sleep 1 ; }
The first thing I want to test is timeouts .
I actually like the crufty way that timeouts are implemented in perl with eval / sig alarm .
I use sleep here to simulate a long running process despite the warning in the documentation .
It is usually a mistake to intermix alarm and sleep calls .
( sleep may be internally implemented in your system with alarm )
use strict ; use warnings ; use POE ; sub timeout_test { eval { local $ SIG { ALRM } = sub { die " alarm
" } ; # NB :
required alarm 3 ; sleep 5 ; # This simulates a long - running process alarm 0 ; } ; if ( $@ ) { die unless $ @ eq " alarm
" ; # propagate unexpected errors print " Timeout
" ; # timed out } else { # did n't } }
POE sessions are a bit like co-operative threads .
If the session does n’t yield to the kernel , another session ca n’t run so if the timeout does n’t work , we wo n’t see any output after the timeout loop starts .
POE :: Session -> create ( inline_states => { _start => sub { $ _ [ KERNEL ] -> yield ( ' loop ' ) ; } , loop => sub { print " Normal Loop
" ; $ _ [ KERNEL ] -> delay ( loop => 1 ) ; } , } ) ; POE :: Session -> create ( inline_states => { _start => sub { $ _ [ KERNEL ] -> yield ( ' loop ' ) ; } , loop => sub { print " Timeout loop
" ; timeout_test ( ) ; $ _ [ KERNEL ] -> delay ( loop => 1 ) ; } , } ) ; $ poe_kernel ->run ( ) ;
Fortunately , it works fine .
$ perl basic - poe.pl Normal Loop Timeout loop Timeout Normal Loop Timeout loop Timeout Normal Loop Terminating on signal SIGINT( 2 )
The Llay Fish Bar in Wrexham has closed while the investigation is carried out
A council inspection of a chip shop possibly linked to an E.coli outbreak found poor hygiene conditions and major non-compliance with food legislation .
Wrexham council gave the Llay Fish Bar its lowest possible star rating of zero stars in an inspection a year ago .
Meanwhile , environmental health inspectors said they found a shortage of cleaning materials only last week .
Karen Morrisroe - Clutton , 32 , and a three - year - old girl remain " seriously ill " in hospital with E.coli .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
All food premises in the Wrexham area are given a star rating after inspections .
The fish and chip shop was inspected by the council on 13 August , 2008 and the report noted : " Poor hygiene conditions found .
Some major non-compliance with food legislation . "
The chip shop was recommended for annual inspections , and the next was due this month .
Environmental health inspector Rebecca Pomeroy told magistrates an emergency hygiene prohibition notice was served on 31 July after a visit by her and two colleagues .
She said they noted : • Cleaning cloths " sitting in the wash hand basin " and no soap provided here .
•
No proper means to dry hands , except for a tea towel , which " looked like it had n't been replaced for that evening 's trade " .
•
Some disinfectant " but not a lot left in the bottom of the container " .
• Evidence of flies " on the pizza toppings in the chiller " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Ms Pomeroy told the court Ramazan Aslan , the owner , and another member of staff were asked to demonstrate preparing a burger .
But she said neither washed their hands between handling the raw burger and preparing a bread bun and salad .
At the court hearing on Monday , the council obtained an order for the chip shop to remain shut while inquiries continue .
Sharon Mills , whose son Mason Jones , five , died in an E.Coli outbreak in 2005
It only takes a small organism to flare up and cause extreme damage , and I do n't think people realise that .
It 's such a terrible , terrible ordeal these people have to go through , and obviously my little boy went through , and my older son , and it 's such a painful , painful thing and in a lot of cases it 's unnecessary .
All you can do is sit and wait .
Just keep talking and trying to pull them through , and that 's all you can do .
I 'm just so sorry for the families , yet again .
You know , it should just never have happened .
I 've been trying to raise people 's awareness here in Wales , and hopefully it will go a lot further than that as well , because people need to know the consequences .
They need to know about cross-contamination , about keeping raw and cooked meats separate , which a lot of people do , but it needs to be put out there know because it 's extremely important , Ecoli is on the increase and people need to be aware of it now .
Ms Morrisroe - Clutton , who is being treated in a medically - induced coma , was admitted to Wrexham Maelor Hospital a week ago after family said she fell ill after eating a vegetarian burger .
She has an 11 - week - old baby son and remains in a serious condition on Tuesday evening .
Her husband , Paul Clutton , said : " She 's got a lot to fight for - little baby Oliver wants his mum back . "
The three - year - old girl also remains " serious " in Alder Hey Hospital in Liverpool with renal failure .
Her mother is one of two other less serious E.coli cases being investigated by Wales ' public health chiefs and the local authority 's environmental health officers .
Tests are ongoing to see if all four patients have the same strain and whether there is a link with the fish bar .
Wrexham council leader Aled Roberts said only last week the authority completed its investigations under the Pennington report , the public inquiry into the E.coli outbreak in south Wales in 2005 which left one boy dead and more than 150 other people ill .
He said the council had checked " high risk " establishments , and Llay Fish Bar was not among them .
He said : " We 'd concentrated on meat establishments .
Fish and chip shops generally are considered to be low risk . "
" My understanding in the briefing last Friday was that the Llay establishment was due for an annual check on 14 August . "
Pierre Bartlett , the solicitor for the owner of the fish bar , said Mr Aslan was co-operating fully with the investigation and his thoughts were with the families of those who are ill .
He said : " He wants to help them as much as he can .
Anyone in the catering industry in the same position would want to help the authorities to do their job . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There 's something fishy going on at the elitist Bushwood Country Club , and the scheming president of the clubhouse , Judge Elihu Smails , has something to do with it .
But , the suave golf guru , Ty Webb , and the distasteful , filthy rich construction magnate , Al Czervik , are onto him .
In the meantime , the young caddie , Danny Noonan , struggles to get his life back on track , and the only way to do it is by winning the demanding Caddie Day golf tournament ; a prestigious competition that can earn him a scholarship from the judge himself .
Now , war breaks out , and all bets are off .
Will Danny ever make his dream come true ?
Does he know that a subterranean menace is threatening to put in jeopardy everyone 's plans ?
Written by Nick Riganas
Only your name and state will be on TV .
I want the public option , but I do n't want my name on television .
Birth control is getting creative in India – from increasing late night tv ( yes to take couples ’ minds off procreating ) to encouraging women not to marry until they are 30 ( when a women ’s fertility begins to drop ) .
Whilst these initiatives might not seem very convincing , the Indian government ’s latest idea could be a little more tempting .
Money .
Cash incentives are proving popular in the state of Maharastra where putting off having a child for two years after marriage gets many , especially the rural poor , the equivalent of a decent salary .
Neighbouring China is promoting a baby boom to counter act an ageing population whilst India is trying to draw in the reigns .
Here in the UK Theresa Winters is on her 14th pregnancy and her newborn baby ( like the others ) is likely to be taken into care .
At the moment , the state is paying for the well being of her children .
Would paying her directly encourage her to stop having babies ?
With India set to topple China as the world ’s most populous nation , is cash the best way to control the world ’s population ?
Tags
Most experts and commentators are of the view that the worst of the US recession may be over by year 's end .
My own prediction is for an illusory recovery of government - constructed economic indicators , but nothing more than that .
It is held by most experts that a recession is typically set in motion by various unpredictable shocks .
For instance , it is argued that the present recession was triggered by the crisis in the real estate market .
Since , as a rule , various shocks tend to weaken consumer demand , it is the role of the central bank and the government to replace this shortfall in demand by boosting monetary pumping and government outlays .
Thus , the central bank and the government counter the effects of various negative shocks by means of monetary and fiscal stimulus policies .
The monetary and fiscal stimulus is aimed at boosting overall expenditure in the economy , which ( it is believed ) is the key for economic growth .
On this logic , spending by one individual becomes the income for another .
Following this way of thinking , since September 2007 the US central bank has aggressively lowered its interest rates .
The federal funds rate target was lowered from 5.25 % in August 2007 to almost zero at present .
The yearly rate of growth of the Fed 's balance sheet ( that is , the pace of monetary pumping ) jumped from 4 % in September 2007 to 152 % by December 2008 .
With respect to the fiscal stimulus , aggressive government spending has resulted in a massive deficit .
For the first nine months of fiscal year 2009 , the budget deficit stood at $ 1.086 trillion .
That compares with a shortfall of $ 285.85 billion in the comparable year - ago period .
The twelve - month moving average of the budget had a deficit of $ 105 billion in June — the largest deficit since 1960 .
It would appear that recent strengthening in some key economic data raises the likelihood that various stimulus measures have succeeded in reviving the economy .
Seasonally adjusted retail sales increased by 0.6 % in June after rising by 0.5 % in the month before — this was the second consecutive monthly increase .
The pace of deterioration in industrial production appears to be softening as well .
Seasonally adjusted production fell by 0.4 % in June after a fall of 1.2 % in May .
( Note that in January production fell by 2.2 % . )
If recessions are caused by a fall in consumer demand as a result of various unforeseen shocks , then it makes a lot of sense for the government and the central bank to beef up the overall demand in the economy .
Why Popular Statistics Provide Misleading Signals
Observe that various economic data , which serve as a guide to establishing the state of the economy , are derived from monetary expenditure data .
This means that the more money that is created , the larger the expenditure ( in terms of money ) is going to be .
Hence , various derived statistics are going to mirror this strengthening .
For instance , the so - called gross domestic product ( GDP ) , which is pivotal in the analysis of various experts , reflects the rate of growth in money supply .
Once the state of an economy is assessed in terms of GDP , it is not surprising that the central bank appears to be able to counter any recessionary effects that emerge .
By pushing more money into the economy , the central bank 's actions will appear to be effective , since GDP will show a positive response to this pumping , following a time lag .
Even if one were to accept that GDP depicts a well - defined " economy , " there is still a problem as to why recessions are of a recurring nature .
Does it make sense that unconnected , various shocks cause this repetitive occurrence of recessions ?
Surely there must be a mechanism here that gives rise to this repetitive occurrence ?
Also , how can an increase in demand boost economic growth ?
After all , in order to be able to generate an increase in the output of goods and services , there must be an increase in various means to support the increase in the production of goods .
If the key to economic growth is an increase in demand , then poverty world - wide would have been eradicated a long time ago .
Every central bank in the world could have generated massive demand by means of monetary pumping , which according to popular thinking would have generated massive economic growth .
That this is not the case — have a look at Zimbabwe — should raise questions regarding the soundness of this popular way of thinking .
Loose Monetary Policies Cause Boom- and - Bust Cycles
Careful examination actually shows that , rather than protecting the economy , loose monetary policies are the key source of boom - bust economic cycles .
The source of recessions turns out to be the alleged " protector " of the economy — the central bank itself .
Further investigation demonstrates that the phenomenon of recession is not an indicator of the weakness of the economy as such , but rather an indication of the liquidation of various activities that sprang up on the back of the loose monetary policies of the central bank .
Loose monetary policy sets in motion an exchange of nothing for something , which amounts to a diversion of real wealth from wealth - generating activities to non-wealth - generating activities .
In the process , this diversion weakens wealth generators , which in turn weakens their ability to grow the overall pool of real wealth .
The expansion in activity that sprang up on the back of loose monetary policy is what constitutes an economic boom — in reality , false economic prosperity .
Note that once the central bank 's pace of monetary expansion has strengthened , irrespective of how strong and big a particular economy is , the pace of the diversion of real wealth will also strengthen .
However , once the central bank tightens its monetary stance , it slows down the diversion of real wealth from wealth producers to non-wealth producers .
And as activities that sprang up on the back of the previous loose monetary policy receive less support from the money supply , they fall into trouble — an economic bust , or recession , emerges .
From what we have shown , we can conclude that recessions are essentially the liquidation of economic activities that were created and sustained by the loose monetary policy of the central bank .
The process of a bust is set in motion when the central bank reverses its earlier loose stance .
Having established this , we must investigate why recessions are recurrent .
The reason for this is that the central bank 's ongoing policies are aimed at fixing the unintended consequences arising from its earlier attempts to stabilize the economy — or rather , what it believes to be the measure of the economy : the GDP .
On account of the time lag between changes in money supply to changes in GDP , the central bank is forced to respond to the effects of its own previous monetary policies .
These responses to the effects of past policies give rise to fluctuations in the rate of growth of the money supply and , in turn , lead to recurrent boom - bust cycles .
Wealth Generators Key for Economic Growth
The key drivers of the economy are wealth generators .
Hence , the fact that various non-wealth generators come under pressure as a result of the central bank 's tighter stance is indeed good news for wealth generators and real economic growth .
A tighter stance means that less real wealth , which is required to support economic growth , is taken from wealth generators .
From this we can infer that the government 's and Fed 's loose monetary policies have only weakened the wealth generators ' ability to grow the economy by diverting real wealth to nonproductive activities .
Can the economy recover despite aggressive policies of the Fed and the government ?
We suggest that this depends on whether wealth generators have managed to retain their ability to generate wealth despite destructive central bank and government policies .
The ability to support economic growth hinges on the pool of real savings .
Once this pool is starting to move ahead , the economic growth follows suit .
This in turn means that economic growth is emerging , despite government and central bank aggressive policies .
We suggest that the aggressive policies of the Fed from 2001 to June 2004 — during which time the fed funds rate was lowered from 5.5 % to 1 % — have significantly damaged wealth generators ' abilities to keep the flow of real savings going .
While the Fed 's tight interest rate stance from June 2004 to September 2007 provided good support for wealth generators , the loose stance since September 2007 has most likely undone anything positive from that time .
Hence , we doubt that the US economy is on the verge of solid economic recovery , if at all .
Some commentators hold the view that the present economic crisis is the result of the Greenspan - chaired Fed 's extremely loose monetary policy between 2001 to June 2004 .
Yet for some strange reason the same commentators hold the view that Fed 's loose monetary policy since September 2007 has saved the economy from massive disaster .
According to this way of thinking , at certain times pumping money is bad for the economy , while at other times it can be of great benefit .
We find this logic extraordinary .
Something that is bad cannot also be good .
Printing money always undermines the bottom line of the economy .
This is why it is always bad news .
We also find it extraordinary that many experts are urging the US government to increase its fiscal stimulus in order to strengthen the expected economic recovery .
Again , as with loose monetary policy , loose fiscal policies can only redistribute the existing pool of real savings .
The greater the fiscal stimulus , the less that is left for wealth generators to promote real economic growth .
Fed May Consider a Tighter Stance
On account of massive monetary pumping , the growth in momentum of various key economic data is likely to strengthen in the months ahead .
This , we maintain , may prompt Fed policy makers to consider curtailing the pace of monetary pumping .
In an interview with Reuters , the Kansas City Federal Reserve Bank president Thomas Hoenig said that the Fed 's massive monetary stimulus must be gently withdrawn as the economy improves .
" There are ways to pull it out when you see the economy showing signs of stability , pulling out the liquidity slowly , carefully , " he said .
Furthermore , Hoenig argues that it is important to raise interest rates from current levels to a range around their " neutral " setting — the level where they neither stimulate nor restrict economic activity in order to prevent future inflation .
According to Hoenig , " [ O ] nce we get the policy rate in a range — around neutral — you stay within that range .
What we need to do is get to some level of policy that is more constrained , around a neutral level , and then let the economy work its way through . "
We , however , suggest that once the Fed tightens its stance — regardless of the neutral interest rate fiction — this will set an economic bust in motion ; that is , it is going to hurt the various activities that emerged on the back of the Fed 's previous loose monetary stance .
Conclusion
Most experts are of the view that the worst of the US recession may be over by year 's end .
Common opinion holds that the key reason for the expected turnaround is the positive effect that the policies of the government and Fed have on various economic indicators .
The pace of monetary pumping by the US central bank jumped from 4 % in September 2007 to 152 % by December 2008 .
With respect to fiscal stimulus , aggressive government spending has resulted in a record deficit of over one trillion dollars in the first nine months of fiscal year 2009 .
Careful examination shows that , rather than protecting the economy , it is loose monetary policies that are the key source of boom - bust economic cycles .
Loose Fed and government fiscal policies have only weakened the wealth generators ' ability to grow the economy .
Aggressive policies have inflicted severe damage to the sources of funding that support real economic growth .
Hence , we are doubtful that the US economy is on the verge of a solid economic recovery .
On account of massive monetary pumping , the growth in momentum of various key economic data is likely to strengthen in the months ahead .
We maintain this may prompt Fed policy makers to consider curtailing the pace of monetary pumping , and we suggest that this will set in motion a new economic bust .
Wolfenstein RPG hit the iPhone last night with a neat , almost cel - shaded look .
I was a bit surprised , though , to see Hitler 's new look in the game .
Unwilling , it seems , to keep Hitler in the turn - based title , the developers decided the next best thing would be to create a leader who has lower facial hair than the infamous Nazi .
The swastikas too have been replaced with a plus sign .
Advertisement
It 's an interesting decision to include the iconic look and setting of the game but to essentially edit out the Nazi references .
I wonder if future console and PC shooters from Electronic Arts will get the same sort of treatment .
Are there other regimes that wo n't be appearing in video games in the future ?
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Bonuses paid to executives at nine banks that received U.S. government bailout money in 2008 were greater than net income at some of the banks , the office of New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo said on Thursday .
A dragonfly is seen on a Wall Street sign in New York , September 18 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Eric
Thayer
Cuomo , in a report on months of investigation into compensation paid by the banks , said employee pay “ has become unmoored from the banks ’ financial performance . ”
Representatives of the banks either declined comment on the report or could not comment immediately .
“ There is no clear rhyme or reason to the way banks compensate and reward their employees , ” said the report by Cuomo , New York ’s top legal officer , who began his probe last October amid taxpayer complaints about Wall Street pay .
Even in one of Wall Street ’s worst years on record , at least 4,793 bankers and traders received more than $ 1 million in bonus payments , according to the report .
Cuomo argued that , if firms followed “ a more principled ” bonus system , they would be less susceptible to poaching of their employees by other firms offering more pay .
“ This rationalization of the compensation and bonus system must be accomplished now , ” said the report , which was sent to Edolphus Towns , chairman of the U.S. House of Representatives Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman .
Since nine banks received a total of $ 125 billion last October in taxpayer money under the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) to help them survive the financial crisis , Cuomo has pressed them for details on billions of dollars paid to executives amid huge losses .
SUBSTANTIALLY GREATER
The report said bonuses for Goldman Sachs Group Inc , Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan Chase & Co were “ substantially greater ” than the banks ’ net income .
Goldman earned $ 2.3 billion , paid out $ 4.8 billion in bonuses and received $ 10 billion in TARP funding , the report said .
Morgan Stanley earned $ 1.7 billion , paid $ 4.475 billion in bonuses and received $ 10 billion in TARP funding , while JP Morgan Chase earned $ 5.6 billion , paid $ 8.69 billion in bonuses and received $ 25 billion in TARP funding .
The latter bank paid out 1,626 bonuses of $ 1 million or more , the most of all the banks studied in the report , while Goldman , which had the highest average compensation per employee , paid out 953 bonuses of $ 1 million or more .
Cuomo said his office studied historical financial filings and found that at many banks compensation increased in the 2003 - 2006 bull market years , but stayed at those levels as the mortgage crisis and recession hit .
“ Thus , when the banks did well , their employees were paid well .
When the banks did poorly , their employees were paid well .
And when the banks did very poorly , they were bailed out by taxpayers and their employees were still paid well .
“ Bonuses and overall compensation did not vary significantly as profits diminished . ”
While Citigroup Inc and Merrill Lynch , bought by Bank of America Corp , lost more than $ 27 billion each , Citigroup paid $ 5.33 billion in bonuses and Merrill paid $ 3.6 billion , the report said .
The two banks received a combined $ 55 billion of TARP money .
A spokesman for Bank of America said bonuses were paid to 200,000 bank employees and 30,000 Merrill legacy employees .
“ The repeated explanation from bank executives that bonuses are tied to performance in a manner designed to promote ( national economic ) growth does not appear to be accurate , ” Cuomo said .
Much of Cuomo ’s investigation and publicity had been focused on Merrill Lynch , but Thursday ’s report covered all nine banks that received initial TARP money .
The office has also investigated bonuses paid by giant insurer American International Group Inc , but it was not included here .
Wells Fargo &
Co paid bonuses of $ 977,500 , while losing $ 42.93 billion according to the report .
It said State Street Corp ’s State Street Bank and Bank of New York Mellon Corp “ paid bonuses that were more in line with their net income , which is certainly what one would expect in a difficult year like 2008 . ”
State Street earned $ 1.8 billion , paid bonuses totaling about $ 470 million and received $ 2 billion in TARP funding .
Bank of New York Mellon earned $ 1.4 billion , paid out $ 945,000 and received $ 3 billion from TARP .
Soldiers from B Company , 1st Battalion , 23rd Infantry Regiment rest after a foot patrol in Baghdad 's Shiite enclave of Sadr City .
Combat veterans are 50 % more likely to use tobacco than troops who have n't seen combat .
LIGHTING UP LIGHTING UP
Ban on tobacco urged in military WASHINGTON  Pentagon health experts are urging Defense Secretary Robert Gates to ban the use of tobacco by troops and end its sale on military property , a change that could dramatically alter a culture intertwined with smoking .
Jack Smith , head of the Pentagon 's office of clinical and program policy , says he will recommend that Gates adopt proposals by a federal study that cites rising tobacco use and higher costs for the Pentagon and Department of Veterans Affairs as reasons for the ban .
The study by the Institute of Medicine , requested by the VA and Pentagon , calls for a phased - in ban over a period of years , perhaps up to 20 .
" We 'll certainly be taking that recommendation forward , " Smith says .
A tobacco ban would confront a military culture , the report says , in which " the image of the battle - weary soldier in fatigues and helmet , fighting for his country , has frequently included his lit cigarette . "
Also , the report said , troops worn out by repeated deployments often rely on cigarettes as a " stress reliever . "
The study found that tobacco use in the military increased after the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan began .
Pentagon spokeswoman Cynthia Smith said the department supports a smoke - free military " and believes it is achievable . "
She declined to elaborate on any possible ban .
One in three servicemembers use tobacco , the report says , compared with one in five adult Americans .
The heaviest smokers are soldiers and Marines , who have done most of the fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan , the study says .
About 37 % of soldiers use tobacco and 36 % of Marines .
Combat veterans are 50 % more likely to use tobacco than troops who have n't seen combat .
Tobacco use costs the Pentagon $ 846 million a year in medical care and lost productivity , says the report , which used older data .
The Department of Veterans Affairs spends up to $ 6 billion in treatments for tobacco - related illnesses , says the study , which was released late last month .
Along with a phased - in ban , the report recommends requiring new officers and enlisted personnel to be tobacco - free , eliminating tobacco use on military installations , ships and aircraft , expanding treatment programs and eliminating the sale of tobacco on military property .
" Any tobacco use while in uniform should be prohibited , " the study says .
The military complicates attempts to curb tobacco use by subsidizing tobacco products for troops who buy them at base exchanges and commissaries , says Kenneth Kizer , a committee member and architect of California 's anti-tobacco program .
Seventy percent of profits from tobacco sales — $ 88 million in 2005 — pays for recreation and family support programs , the study stays .
Strong leadership could make the military tobacco - free in five to 10 years , Kizer says .
President Obama , he says , could set an example for the military by ending his own smoking habit once and for all .
Last month , Obama said he is " 95 % cured " but " there are times when I mess up " and smoke .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
It ’s enough to take the wind out of your sails , is n’t it ?
You spend valuable time and money discrediting a renewable energy source for its perceived faults then three positive reports on the feasibility of wind power come along at once .
The slew of favourable findings began in June with a report from the National Grid , followed in early July by a study by Poyry , and rounded off by the recent publication of Managing Variability , a report commissioned by Friends of the Earth , Greenpeace , RSPB and WWF .
Consistent performance
Critics of wind power have long cited variability – the fact that wind is not a consistent power source – as a major drawback when it comes to reducing emissions .
When the wind falls , the argument goes , energy production needs must fall back on fossil fuel generators – so - called ' hot standby ' .
National Grid ’s report indicates that technology will advance to deal with such issues , however , not look back for answers – so calm days will not necessarily mean more coal - fired power stations belching into life .
Improvements to the current grid , batteries and supercapacitors , the advent of smart grids and new ways of storing energy will all play their role in the wind revolution , as will larger nuclear power stations .
Smart grids would be able to shut off appliances at times of peak demand and draw energy from other sources , such as electric car batteries , to keep the need for backup power at a minimum .
A connection with Europe would also ease variability , as turbines spread over a greater area could balance the grid .
A resilient grid
As well as confirming the manageability of wind , research analysts Poyry ’s report , on behalf of the National Grid , Centrica and others , put a nail in the coffin of that other slander : that an increase in wind turbines would overload the grid .
Poyry ’s research concluded that no power cuts or grid meltdown would occur if the Government were to push ahead with the massive expansion of offshore wind turbines the UK is able to accommodate .
Reviewing 2.5 million hourly weather reports on wind speeds around the UK , the report reveals that electricity produced by wind turbines will be so cheap when it is windy that other means of power - generation will be priced out of the market .
Cost would effectively be decided by wind speed , not consumer demand .
Back - up fossil fuel generators would make up their money by ramping up the price for those times when the wind dropped , but might stand idle for so long that the way they are funded would have to change .
Indeed , the report makes it clear how the market itself would have to adapt : as turbines operate on average at a third of their full power , when winds are high power plants would need to regulate themselves and parts of the wind network turn themselves off .
The grid would even prove resilient in conjunction with electricity generation by means of the tide and waves , another variable power source .
‘ Some people were worried that the complexity stemming from intermittent wind with an overlay of tidal power peaking twice a day might simply have been too much change for the grid to bear , but our research shows the grid can cope , ’ said Dr Phil Hare of Poyry .
No more ' hot ' standby
The third report called variable output a ‘ relatively benign ’ issue , saying there was more chance – and danger – of a power station breaking down than of wind dropping completely across the UK .
Managing Variability also reveals that if 32 per cent of the UK ’s 2020 renewables target were supplied by wind , it would cost consumers only £ 2 extra per £ 100 .
It also estimated that the wind industry would be employing a million people worldwide by the end of the decade .
In a grid already adapted to managing fluctuations in demand and supply , wind variability poses no real questions , and the report agrees with the National Grid report that new technologies can only improve the service and cost .
Improved weather forecasting will also have a role to play .
‘ This report shows that large quantities of wind power can be integrated into our grid without the lights going out and at reasonable cost , ’ said Maria McCaffery , chief executive of the British Wind Energy Association .
‘ It knocks on the head the myth that large amounts of capacity of “ hot ” standby is the only way to deal with the variability of wind .
‘ This report is the final nail in the coffin of the myth of intermittency .
We now need to move on and do more to have increased amounts of wind energy on the system , in as short a time as possible .
As a source of energy wind is free and manageable .
Integration costs will be more then offset by insuring ourselves from the inevitable rises in fossil fuel prices , and we could be looking at net savings as we deploy more wind . ’
Tilting at wind farms
Such wide - ranging research from a variety of sources poses a considerable challenge to the host of Don Quixotes that oppose wind energy on the grounds of technological feasibility and its capacity for the consistent production of energy .
Employing a somewhat perverse logic considering the increasing threat of climate change and the alternatives to producing energy through renewable sources , most now position themselves as guardians of the Great British countryside .
Formed last October , the European Platform Against Windfarms ( EPAW ) sent a letter to European Union commissioners and parliamentarians in May calling for a moratorium on the construction of new wind projects until their impact on house prices , landscapes and wildlife had been properly assessed .
A more recent addition to the pantheon is the National Alliance of Wind Farm Action Groups ( NAWAG ) , the solo project of Jonathan McLeod , an executive at PR firm Weber Shandwick , which has as one of its clients a proposed 150 - turbine wind farm in the Shetlands .
‘ For too long the greenwash of the wind industry has gone unchallenged , ’ wrote McLeod , launching NAWAG in June .
The alliance of 30 anti-wind farm groups is hoping to attract another 200 similar organisations into the fold .
In March , the RSPB , a long - time opponent of wind farms – and co-commissioner of Managing Variability – published details of research commissioned from the Institute for European Environmental Policy into the effect on wildlife of land - built wind farms .
The findings prompted the organisation to call upon the Government to proceed urgently with a massive roll - out of the technology and to ‘ reduce the many needless delays that beset wind farm developments ’ .
Сегодняшний выпуск , вероятно , будет особенно интересен для жителе й
Москвы , ведь тут собраны снимки запечатлевшие виды столицы .
Эти фотографии сделаны московским фотографом Виктором Борисовым с крыши « Города Столиц » , здания представляющего собой комплекс из двух высотных башен ( « Москва » и « Санкт - Петербург » ) и соединяющего их 18 - этажного здания .
Строительство этого здания , расположенного 9-м участке строящегося делового район а
Москва - Сити в центре российской столицы , началось еще в 2003 году , но вскоре было приостановлено из - за смены дизайна .
Окончание строительства планируется в 2009 ( в марте этого года завершилось остекление последнего кубика ) .
Несмотря на то , что « Город Столиц » пока не завершен , он уже сейчас стал самым высоким зданием в Европе .
В здании — 75 этажей , тут есть технический этаж и вертолетная площадка .
Таким образом у вас есть уникальная возможность полюбоваться видам и Москвы с 77 - го этажа !
4 ) Станция Москва - Сортировочная , Парк Победы .
На горизонте видна ТЭЦ - 25 в Очаково .
Do n't worry , it can't hurt you — yet .
Scientists have identified Reston ebolavirus — a member of the deadly Ebola group of hemorrhagic viruses — in domestic swine from the Philippines .
The virus , which looks like a piece of yarn with a slight bend , is the only Ebola pathogen not known to cause disease in humans .
Even so , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta considers it a biosafety level 4 pathogen , reserved for the most dangerous and exotic diseases .
Ebola and the closely related Marburg viruses are highly contagious , causing vomiting , diarrhea and bleeding with death rates as high as 90 percent .
These viruses , originally from Africa , are thought to be caught from close contact with monkeys and apes , their primary hosts , although they have also been isolated from bats that show no symptoms .
Indeed , Reston ebolavirus was first identified in 1989 in crab-eating macaque monkeys that were shipped from the Philippines for research in Reston , Va .
Human caretakers developed an immune response to the virus , but they never came down with any symptoms .
The latest outbreak of the Ebola family was discovered in July 2008 as the Philippine Department of Agriculture was investigating " blue ear disease " in pigs , a respiratory condition that causes their ears to turn blue from lack of oxygen .
Investigators sent tissue and blood samples to Michael McIntosh at the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's Foreign Animal Disease Diagnostic Laboratory at the Plum Island Animal Disease Center in Greenport , N.Y .
McIntosh says he was surprised to find that the tissue samples also contained the Reston strain , which had not been previously identified in swine .
His team also confirmed pig - to - human Ebola transmission by identifying six pig handlers , whose blood tested positive for antibodies to the virus , although they showed no symptoms .
Manila had announced preliminary findings in January , and McIntosh 's study is published in this week 's Science .
McIntosh says there are still a lot of unknowns , including how the virus was transmitted to the pigs and whether they show any symptoms independent of blue ear disease .
He worries that the virus 's passage through pigs could allow it to mutate into something more harmful .
The research also raises the possibility that pigs could be infected with lethal Ebola strains .
" What is the level of risk ?
We really do n't know , " he says , " The fact that it shows up in domestic pigs raises that risk . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A rollercoaster at a North Yorkshire theme park is set to be officially named the world 's steepest .
The Mumbo Jumbo ride at Flamingo Land plunges down an incline of 112 degrees from a high point of 30 m ( 98ft ) .
A Guinness World Records adjudicator is set to ratify the record on Saturday when the ride opens to the public .
Park chief executive Gordon Gibb said : " You 'd have to travel to Indiana Beach in the US to come anywhere close - even then , ours is steeper by one degree . "
Passengers on the new rollercoaster , which cost £ 5 m to design and build , will pull about 4Gs , close to levels experienced by jet pilots .
Explaining the Mumbo Jumbo name , Mr Gibb said : " It 's meant to be a tongue - in - cheek description of the way other theme parks boast about their new rides .
" We 're not talking mumbo jumbo , our new rollercoaster is the real deal . "
Guinness World Records said the ride would be added to its " steepest rollercoaster made from steel " category after ratification on Saturday .
Would you eat zero - calorie bacon ?
( Fortune Small Business ) --
Tired of hearing that everything tastes like chicken ?
So are Seattle entrepreneurs Justin Esch and Dave Lefkow .
They want it all to taste like bacon .
Two years ago the former software engineers invented a zero- calorie , vegetarian , kosher , bacon - flavored salt in Esch 's garage .
The guys used grassroots tactics to develop a cult following for J&D 's Bacon Salt , creating Facebook and Twitter profiles and dressing up as bacon strips at sporting events .
In 2008 they reaped $ 1.4 million in revenues .
The " bacontrepreneurs " expect to do twice as well this year .
They 're expanding to offer products ranging from bacon - flavored lip balm to bacon - scented sunscreen and soaps .
" There is n't any limit to what bacon can do , " Lefkow says .
Not everyone is ready to push the limits , however .
" The idea makes my spine tingle , " says celebrity chef Rocco DiSpirito , " but bacon without the fat is like diamonds without the sparkle . "
To write a note to the editor about this article , click here
Rachel Maddow talks to Rep. Anthony Weiner , who threw down the gauntlet on health care reform , and forced the Republicans to vote on an amendment abolishing Medicare .
Rachel reports on the battle going on between those in Congress who are representing the interests of the insurance companies , and those representing the interests of their constituents .
Congressman Weiner introduced an amendment tonight that would eliminate Medicare .
Of course Mr. Weiner did n't actually want Medicare to be eliminated .
But he did want to force every conservative on the House Energy and Commerce Committee to have to go on the record that their position on the government run health plan upon which forty three million voters rely .
In other words , really Republicans ?
You 're against government funded health care ?
Care to go on the real record with that ?
Care to vote to kill Medicare ?
Maddow :
As for the many , many cries against a publicly funded insurance plan , well Democratic Congressman Anthony Weiner of New York is all over it .
Congressman Weiner has cast himself as the health care version of Clarence the Angel , forcing everyone in Congress to think what life would be like without a very popular , already existing publicly funded health insurance plan .
Rep .
Weiner goes on to explain why his amendment went down in flames and that the Republicans just hate any government run health care , unless it 's Medicare and they are forced to say whether they 'd really want to get rid of it .
He then tells Rachel about a very bold move he 's going to make on health care reform .
We know they 're taking tens of billions of dollars each year and putting it into profits that should be going into health care , so tomorrow I 'm going to be taking the next step and offering a true single payer health care plan , and I wanted people today to start to think about , " hey maybe that 's the way we do it " .
It 's simpler , and we know that it works .
Weiner :
But it does lead us to the next logical step where I need my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to start to come to , and that is not why have a public option , but why have a private option at all ?
If we know for example that the one experiment we have is very successful in publicly funded health care through Medicare , why do we even need the insurance companies ?
What constructive role are they playing ?
All I can say is amen brother .
I think the Democrats have been wrong not to push for single payer and make the Republicans and Blue Dogs walk back from that .
The Republicans are going to try to kill any reform whether it 's single payer , or even the compromised position of a public option .
I think getting a decent public option in place would lead to single payer , but I do n't understand why they started there .
If Congressman Weiner is willing to get enough of them on board with him to fight for single payer , and try to get some real reform passed , I 'm with him .
I guess we 'll be finding out how this plays with the leadership shortly .
Full transcript below the fold .
MADDOW : The health care battle going on now in Congress is not fundamentally now a battle between Democrats and Republicans .
It more closely approximates a battle between liberals and conservatives , which in today 's politics looks a lot like battle between those who represent corporate interests and those who represent a way more populist anti-corporate line .
In this health care fight , conservatives have cast their lot with the insurance and pharmaceutical and other corporate medical companies whose , even if the U.S. health care system is really failing a lot of the rest of the country , it suits those companies just fine , thank you very much .
Republican Senator Jon Kyl , for example , offered this vigorous defense of the health insurance industry .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
SEN .
JON KYL ( R ) , ARIZONA :
The health insurance industry is the most regulated or one of the most regulated industries in the America .
They do n't need to be kept honest by a competitor from the government .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
MADDOW : They do n't need to be kept honest ?
They 're fine .
Here 's the main political battle line on health care reform :
Should the government provide some competition to the health insurance companies to try to lower costs for the people , or not ?
Conservatives have , in large numbers , chosen : or not - siding with insurance companies to say that everything 's pretty much fine the way it is now .
Today , liberals in Congress loudly positioned themselves against that point of view , starting with the top Democrat in Congress , Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi .
REP .
NANCY PELOSI ( D ) , SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE : Insurance companies are out there in full force , carpet bombing , shock and awe against the public option .
These are initiatives that are very important in this legislation , and they are to correct what the insurance companies have done to America and to the health of our people over the years .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
MADDOW : Speaker Pelosi used even stronger language after that press conference , telling reporters , quote , " It is somewhat immoral what they are doing .
Of course , they have been immoral all along how they have treated the people they insure .
They are the villains in this .
They have been part of the problem in a major way .
The public has to know that . "
This attempt to make the insurance companies , the corporate interest in health care system the villain in this fight , was foreshadowed by President Obama yesterday , during a town hall event in Raleigh , North Carolina .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
OBAMA : We have a system today that works well for the insurance industry , but it does n't always work well for you .
What we need , and what we will have when we pass these reforms are health insurance consumer protections to make sure that those who have insurance are treated fairly and insurance company are held accountable .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
MADDOW : Lest you think it 's mere coincidence that Democrats are now putting the insurance companies right in the political crosshairs , standing up against the interests in Washington who are alive with those corporate interests , members of Congress ' progressive caucus came out in force today with a message that definitely sounds familiar to you by now .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE :
Where is the accountability for the insurance companies ?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Right now , it 's about insurance companies and what they need .
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : I do n't understand what the insurers are afraid of .
They 're afraid of the competition .
The insurers believe in the market , we believe in the market .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Private insurance companies have had decades to provide meaningful reform to our system .
They have failed , and Congress must now act boldly in order to save lives .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
MADDOW : So , that 's the liberal answer to the conservative argument that the health system is fine the way it is and the insurance industry , by the way , is awesome .
As for the many , many cries against a publicly - funded insurance plan , well , Democratic Congressman Anthony Weiner of New York is all over it .
Congressman Weiner has cast himself as the health care version of Clarence the Angel , forcing everyone in Congress to think about what life would be like without a very popular , already existing , publicly funded health insurance plan .
Congressman Weiner introduced an amendment tonight that would eliminate Medicare .
Of course , Mr. Weiner did n't actually want Medicare to be eliminated but he did want to force every conservative on the House Energy and Commerce Committee to have to go on the record with their position on the government - run health plan upon which 43 million American voters rely .
In other words , really , Republicans ?
You 're against government - funded health care ?
Care to go on the real record with that ?
Care to vote to kill Medicare ?
Congressman Anthony Weiner joins us now .
He has just stepped outside the hearing room in Congress to join us .
Congressman , thank you so much for coming on the show .
REP .
ANTHONY WEINER ( D - NY ) , NAT'L. HEALTH CARE ACT CO - SPONSOR : Thank you , Rachel .
MADDOW : How did the vote go in your amendment ?
WEINER : Well , for some reason , I guess Republicans do n't like publicly funded , publicly administered health plans except for Medicare , and , I guess , except for the Veterans Administration and except for the health care that our military gets from the Department of Defense .
The fact of the matter is , what we 've learned is that government administered health care works pretty darn well .
It 's got lower overhead and people like it .
So , when my Republican colleagues pound the drum and pound the podium about how they hate government - run health care , I guess they have n't looked at what they get .
MADDOW : When you where deciding about what to do with this amendment , deciding what your role was going to be in health care , what you could do in this committee , did the Medicare idea come to you because you knew it would be an embarrassment ?
Did you think that any Republicans would actually vote against Medicare ?
WEINER : Well , I did .
And you should make note that this is the 44th anniversary to the day of the creation of Medicare .
But it does lead us to the next logical step where I need colleagues on both sides of the aisle to start to come to .
And that is not why have a public option , but why have a private option at all .
If we know , for example , the one experiment we have is very successful , the publicly funded health care through Medicare , why do we even need insurance companies ?
What constructive role are they playing ?
We know they 're taking tens of billions of dollars each year and putting it into profits that should be going into health care .
So , tomorrow , I 'm going to be taking the next step in offering a true single - payer health care plan , and I want people today to start to think about , " Hey , maybe that 's the way we do it .
It 's simpler and we know that it 's works . "
MADDOW : Why do you think that single - payer has n't been a prominent option in the table thus far in the health care debate ?
WEINER : I think , to some degree , we , on the left , have been a little bit afraid of our own shadow here and we also forgot one thing from the ' 93 - 94 debates about health care .
You know , people understand the things they have .
They want this debate to be simple in the terms that they get .
People understand Medicare .
They know their parents have it , their grandparents , they themselves have it .
They know that it 's sufficient and they know it 's not perfect .
They know there are gaps that need to be filled but they also know they 'd much rather have government or their congressmen be able to call and make those changes than wait on an 800 number or go by shares of stock in order to influence policy .
But right now , we 've got a cumbersome plan that is hanging by the thread because it's built on the foundation of private insurance which a lot of people do n't like .
MADDOW : When you look at the opposition to moving forward on health care reform , not only just opposition to an idea like single - payer , but opposition to the very idea of significantly changing the system we 've got now at all , that opposition is coming not just from Republicans but from conservative Democrats as well .
Do you think it 's an ideological liberal conservative split or do you think this is about the influence of the insurance industry and other industries that profit from the system being the way they are now on members of Congress ?
WEINER : Well , invariably , in rooms like the one behind me , status quo is probably the most powerful force in Washington .
That 's particularly true .
And that status quo benefits a large industry like the insurance industry .
You know , this notion - and even President Obama says it sometimes , that people like their insurance policy .
No , they do n't like their insurance policy .
I do n't know anyone who wakes up in the morning and says , " Boy , I ca n't wait to dial the 800 number from my local insurance company . "
I think what people realize , though , is that , frankly , it 's there .
And the lobbyists around here work very hard to keep it there .
And that 's a considerable force .
But there is something of a right / left divide here .
I mean , mostly of the problems we have in the Democratic Caucus come from the right side .
And , look , they 're getting leaned on pretty hard and they 're doing what they think is right .
But I think it 's wrong for the country .
MADDOW : Congressman Anthony Weiner of New York - it was a bold move today in the committee .
Thanks very much for joining us to talk about it .
Appreciate it .
WEINER : My pleasure .
Thank you .
A inflatable tower reaching 20 km above sea level could save on rocket launches and provide an amazing view ( Image : NASA ) A 7 - metre - tall demonstration tower stands in a stairwell ( Image : Thoth Technology Inc )
A GIANT inflatable tower could carry people to the edge of space without the need for a rocket , and could be completed much sooner than a cable - based space elevator , its proponents claim .
Inflatable pneumatic modules already used in some spacecraft could be assembled into a 15 - kilometre - high tower , say Brendan Quine , Raj Seth and George Zhu at York University in Toronto , Canada , writing in Acta Astronautica ( DOI : 10.1016/j.actaastro.2009.02.018 …
[ed : An Orbitz rep says they do n’t have the capability to tweak prices in this way .
It ’s probably a mistake , but others have seen this happen too . ]
Someone told me a few months ago that Orbitz will detect and raise prices for some customers .
It did n’t occur to me to check this until last night .
I found a good deal on Orbitz for a hotel + car package , but looked around the web for better deals .
After a few minutes , I reran the search on Orbitz and the same deal came up $ 200 more expensive .
I fired up IE ’s InPrivate browser and tried again .
Now the original , cheaper price showed up .
I reran the search in a previous browser and still got the $ 200 extra charge .
Because I lack an MBA , I do n’t understand how screwing your frequent customers is a good business tactic .
I ’ll be searching Orbitz and other travel sites using InPrivate or InFilter mode from now on because I do n’t trust their prices anymore .
If more people find out about this , people will lose trust in Orbitz and use it less frequently .
I suggest people use a different browser or computer to verify that you are n’t getting screwed on prices , particularly package deals .
Drama set in a repressed , deeply religious community in the north of Scotland , where a naive young woman named Bess McNeil meets and falls in love with Danish oil - rig worker Jan .
Bess and Jan are deeply in love but , when Jan returns to his rig , Bess prays to God that he returns for good .
Jan does return , his neck broken in an accident aboard the rig .
Because of his condition , Jan and Bess are now unable to enjoy a sexual relationship and Jan urges Bess to take another lover and tell him the details .
As Bess becomes more and more deviant in her sexual behavior , the more she comes to believe that her actions are guided by God and are helping Jan recover .
Written by Jonathan Broxton < j.w.broxton@sheffield.ac.uk >
Many gamers have been heated when the confirmation broke out yesterday about Starcraft 2 not supporting lan .
So furious that over 7,000 fans have signed a petition to Blizzard to add Lan support .
Today , Blizzard reps have made a few posts defending their decision and addressing concerns fans may have .
As mentioned by Rob Pardo in interviews , piracy is a serious problem and often times tie in closely with LAN .
At the end of the day , we want the best for the community and fans that support our games , and having chunk of the community pirate the game actually hurts the community .
1 ) Pirated servers splinter the community instead of consolidating all players who love to play the game .
Battle . net will bring players together in skirmishes , ladder play , custom games , and allow everyone the opportunity to share a common experience .
2 ) More people on Battle . net means more even more resources devoted to evolving this online platform to cater to further community building and new ways to enjoy the game online .
World of Warcraft is a great example of a game that has evolved beyond anyone ’s imagination since their Day 1 and will continue to do so to better the player experience for as long as players support the title .
The original StarCraft is an even better example of how 11 years later , players still love and play this title , and we will continue to support and evolve it with patches .
We would not take out LAN if we did not feel we could offer players something better .
If I were to buy StarCraft II or any other title , I know the money I spent would be going to supporting that title .
Personally , I would be upset that others were freeloading while others are legitimately supporting a title that has great potential and goals of making this title have ‘ long legs . ’
If you like a song a lot , buy it , and that artist will only come out with more awesome songs for you .
If you like a game , buy it , and we will promise to constantly work to make the player experience better at every corner we can .
Support the causes you believe in ( This is applicable to all things , not just gaming ) .
Do n’t be a leech to society , innovation , and further awesome creations .
• Legislation matches European targets for clean energy •
Some officials warn greater emission cuts still necessary
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Australia 's parliament today passed a law demanding that 20 % of the country 's electricity come from renewable sources by 2020 , matching European targets .
The law would quadruple the renewable energy target set by the previous government in 2001 and provide enough clean electricity to power the households of all 21 million Australians .
The target matches one set by the European Union , which leads the world in green power technology .
But some officials warned that more aggressive cuts in greenhouse gas emissions are needed as well .
The bill was passed by the Senate and House of Representatives on Thursday after the government reached a deal with the main opposition party to increase government assistance to industries that are heavy users of electricity and create safeguards for existing investment in the coal mining industry .
Senator Bob Brown , leader of the Australian Greens minor opposition party , said the target should be 30 % and that big polluters were offered too much government assistance .
Senator Bob Fielding , an independent , said the bill will make power too expensive .
" It 's mums and dads that will be subsidising wind - powered electricity , solar – these are very expensive , " he said .
Currently , 8 % of Australia 's electricity comes from renewable sources , including hydroelectric generators built late last century , according to the private Clean Energy Council .
Critics argue the target will make electricity more expensive in coal - rich Australia without curbing the amount of climate - warming greenhouse gases that the nation emits , as overall electricity consumption rises .
Climate change minister , Penny Wong , told the Senate on Wednesday that even with one - fifth of Australia 's electricity coming from renewable sources by 2020 , the nation 's carbon gas emissions are projected to be 20 % higher than 2000 levels .
" The only way we 're going to be able to turn around the growth in our carbon pollution ... is to put a firm legislated limit on the amount of carbon that we produce and make those who create the pollution pay for it , " Wong said .
Last week the Senate rejected a government - proposed bill that would have taxed industries ' carbon emissions starting in 2011 and slashed the country 's emissions by up to 25 % below 2000 levels by 2020 .
Hundreds of young women in head scarves scream , stomp their feet and wave green flags and banners inside the Bahman Cultural Center , often a venue for pop bands performing in Tehran .
But it ’s not a rock star they await -- it ’s an aging politician and his wife , who has electrified female voters with her impressive resume and seemingly modern relationship with her husband .
As diminutive former Prime Minister Mir-Hossein Mousavi and his wife , Zahra Rahnavard , walk into the stadium from a side entrance , the crowd ’s roar peaks .
She almost leads her frail husband , who appears slightly taken aback by the fervor he has unleashed as the reformist front - runner in the battle to unseat incumbent Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in Friday ’s presidential election .
“ Rahnavard , Rahnavard , equality of woman and man ! ” they chant in a Persian rhyme that rolls easily off the lips .
Advertisement
“ Mousavi is good with his wife and that ’s important to me , ” says Mariam Fathali , a 22 - year - old aspiring judo athlete among the crowd .
“ I ’ve never seen a politician who holds his wife ’s hand in public .
And he holds it with love and respect , not with possessiveness . ”
A scholar , artist and former university chancellor , the 62 - year - old Rahnavard has emerged as a highly visible political figure in one of the most novel developments in the race pitting the conservative Ahmadinejad against three challengers for Iran ’s most visible if not most powerful post .
The wives of leaders elsewhere in the Middle East , such as Egypt , Jordan and Syria , play large public roles in promoting charity and the arts .
But except for occasional trips abroad , Iranian first ladies have been largely invisible and completely silent .
But Rahnavard has been highly visible , especially after Ahmadinejad dragged her into the middle of the campaign by holding up what appeared to be an intelligence file about her during a debate with Mousavi and accusing her of skirting government rules in obtaining her degrees .
Advertisement
Rahnavard appeared to relish publicly defending herself , demanding that the president apologize .
“ Either [ Ahmadinejad ] cannot tolerate highly educated women or he ’s discouraging women from playing an active role in society , ” she told reporters .
Last month in the newspaper Etemad , Behrouz Samadbeigi wrote : “ In the past , none of the wives of the presidential candidates had taken part in the election campaigns of their husbands .
It sends out the message that this candidate is a multifaceted human being and tries to plan his professional and private relations in a normal way , without going to excesses . ”
Some in the Iranian and Western news media have likened Rahnavard to Michelle Obama , but she more closely resembles Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton , the former first lady and New York senator whom many considered a driving force behind her husband ’s political career and presidency .
Advertisement
In addition to helping raise three children , Rahnavard once served as an advisor to former President Mohammad Khatami , has written at least 15 books and is an accomplished sculptor whose works appear throughout the capital .
For years , Mousavi , who served in the now - defunct post of prime minister during the 1980s Iran - Iraq war , was described as “ the husband of Rahnavard . ”
On the campaign trail , she makes up for her 67 - year - old husband ’s lack of charisma .
“ Today we can close our eyes and see ourselves , ” she tells the Tehran audience , wearing a black cloak over a pink traditional gown , her voice rising .
“ Never have women had so much self - awareness .
Women have always been just under the skin of history .
Today , we assert ourselves . ”
By making Rahnavard so visible , Mousavi ’s campaign is sending a message to women frustrated by the Ahmadinejad era ’s atmosphere of conservatism , renewed restrictions on women ’s rights and tightening of Islamic rules in public life .
Advertisement
Other candidates have followed suit .
Reformer Mehdi Karroubi ’s highly visible wife is all but running his Tehran campaign .
Another candidate , conservative Mohsen Rezai , has promised to appoint Iran ’s first female foreign minister .
They appear to realize that increasingly independent - minded Iranian women can choose whichever candidate they like , regardless of whom their fathers and husbands support .
“ Women are Iran ’s largest and most important social movement , ” said Masserat Amir - Ebrahimi , a Tehran sociologist and former lecturer at UCLA .
“ The president ’s wife is the closest a woman can get to real power . ”
Ahmadinejad has responded by relaxing restrictions on women ’s dress during the campaign season .
The detested “ Guidance Patrol , ” a law enforcement division that stops women for wearing , say , capri pants , flower - print head scarves or too much lipstick , is suddenly nowhere to be seen , though Mousavi ’s supporters constantly refer to it in slogans .
Advertisement
Last week , the president held a rally in Tehran for women , appearing with his wife onstage , but delivered a standard stump speech touting Iran ’s nuclear achievements and “ resistance ” to the United States .
The Mousavi campaign , in contrast , zeros in on women ’s concerns .
At the Tehran rally , a video shows women in laboratories and picking rice , women at home and in universities , complaining about not being able to make ends meet , express themselves or earn recognition in the workplace .
“ I want a job that matches my skills , ” says one woman .
On the stage , activists and scholars speak of laws that discriminate against women in custody battles , workplaces that promote men over women , and officially sanctioned thugs who harass teenagers for their dress in the name of Islam .
They say they ’re the first hurt as the country ’s finances suffer and inflation rises .
Advertisement
" [ Mousavi ] says women ’s share in the government and economy will increase , ” activist Saadat Pirani tells the audience , her infant daughter perched on her lap .
She adds , “ I hope you do n’t forget your promises . ”
In the audience are traditional women peeking out of all - covering black chadors and chic uptown women with oversized knockoff Chanel sunglasses propped atop their skimpy head scarves .
They are homemakers who left their children with relatives and college students who text - messaged friends to meet up .
One woman begins to weep .
Massoumeh Karimi , 47 , says she ’s the daughter of a “ martyr , ” one of the men who died fighting Saddam Hussein in the eight - year Iran - Iraq war , which has become a cornerstone of the Islamic Republic .
Advertisement
“ I love them , ” she says of Mousavi and Rahnavard .
“ Because they are pure . ”
When it is Mousavi ’s turn to speak , many of the women begin to file out , not least because of his underwhelming speech .
Staring down at sheets of paper and seated before a microphone , he recites a list of plans he would implement to fight domestic violence and revise discriminatory laws .
The crowd ’s energy seems to drain out the stadium doors .
Most of the women leaving during the speech explain that they have other engagements .
“ Is n’t it over ? ” says one , smiling slyly as Mousavi soldiers on , Rahnavard sitting serenely at his side .
Advertisement
--
daragahi@latimes.com
You were recommended to me by an acquaintance familiar with your column and podcast .
Lacking other resources at this particular moment , I have decided to write to you .
I am a 20 - year - old male , and as such have certain desires that almost all 20 - year - old males have ( desires of a sexual nature ) .
However , I am deeply religious .
Religion has been for me a source of strength in my times of weakness , a rock in the times of storm , and above all a home to return to when I have lost my path .
In the teachings of my particular religion , to indulge the particular desires I am experiencing will condemn me to fates too grotesque to mention .
I am rational enough to realize that there is no way that I can “ pray away ” these desires .
My question is this :
How does one prepare for a life of celibacy and solitude ( as that is what is required of me to remain a member of this particular faith ) ?
Based off of what my friend has told me , I know you have little respect for religious practices and beliefs .
However , these desires are not exactly something I can talk about with other members of my spiritual community .
And while I am currently seeking counseling related to other issues , I was wondering what a so - called expert on sex and sexuality would have to say .
Clever Acronyms Escape Me
Advertisement
Get over yourself , faggot .
If it ’s possible for you to act on your unnamed - but - easily - identified desires in an ethical manner — if you desire to do whatever it is you desire to do with consenting adults who desire to take their turn doing it to you — this so - called expert on sexuality thinks you should crawl down off that cross and find yourself a boyfriend already .
( “ Pray away ” the gay ?
I ’m guessing you ’re Christian , probably Catholic . )
And if you experience a moment ’s anxiety the first time you stick your ass in the air — pull the Jesus stick out first !— just remind yourself that things have been crawling on top of each other and madly humping away for 850 million years .
Sex came first , then humanity ( 200,000ish years ago ) , then religion came along tens of thousands of years after that .
Which may explain why religion , when pitted against sex ( really old ) and human nature ( pretty old ) , always loses .
Always .
Advertisement
If you ’re on the cross , CAEM , it ’s because you put yourself up there .
Which means you ’re not some poor mortal trapped between a cosmic rock and an existential hard place ; you ’re just another closeted cocksucker with a martyr complex .
Look , kiddo , you get one life , one chance at happiness .
If it gives you a spiritual semi to fantasize about a God who created you gay but forbids you to act on your emotional and sexual attraction to men , knock your damn self out .
But you can have a boyfriend and Jesus , too — look at the pope — you just have to do what people have been doing since the first terrified idiot invented the first bullshit religion : improvise .
Find yourself a brand - new religion or sect , or jettison the bits of your current faith that do n’t work for you .
If you know anything about the history of Christianity — and it sounds like you do n’t — then you know that the revisions began before the body was cold .
No reason to stop now .
Advertisement
And finally , CAEM , there is no God — you do realize that , right ?
No hell below us , above us only sky , etc .
I ’m an only child , male , born to a single mom .
I ’m about to turn 21 , and I ’ve been with a great guy for over a year .
I may be in love .
We both have steady jobs , and we want to move in together .
He came out to his parents after we started dating , and now I think it ’s my turn .
Problem is , I do n’t know how to break it to my mother .
She ’s a tiny Mexican woman who is n’t afraid of smacking me .
I ’m afraid to tell her .
She always talks bad about the gay lifestyle because she considers herself Christian , although not the churchgoing kind .
When and how do I break the news that she ’s not getting grandkids from me ?
Her Only Male Offspring
Advertisement
Your mom is my favorite kind of “ Christian . ”
She ’s not the “ churchgoing kind , ” as that would require some personal sacrifice on her part ( of her Sunday mornings , at least ) .
And she certainly did n’t let her faith interfere with her sex life .
( I ’m assuming your conception was something short of immaculate * . )
But when it comes to other people ’s lives , when it comes to your sexuality and mine , HOMO , then her Christian values kick into high gear .
How convenient .
Okay , HOMO , lots of us have come out to hostile moms and dads and watched in awe as they morphed into the loving , supportive parents we did n’t know they were capable of being .
For some parents the process is quick , for others it ’s slow , but it ca n’t start until you come out .
Advertisement
Now here ’s when you come out :
The sooner the better — but do n’t come out to your mother while she has the power to harm you , i.e. , if you ’re dependent on her for a place to live or if she ’s paying for your education .
And here ’s how : by U.S. mail .
Do n’t give your mother the chance to smack you .
Write her a letter , include the contact info for the PFLAG chapter in your area , and tell her you ’ll discuss this with her after she attends a meeting , not before .
Finally , when I came out to my mother , the first thing out of her mouth was , “ I do n’t ever want to meet any boyfriends . ”
She said the word “ boyfriend ” like it had been dipped in shit .
On her deathbed , my mother told me to tell my boyfriend that she loved him ( “ like a daughter ” ) .
My mom came around , HOMO , and so can yours .
Advertisement
But not until you tell her .
My husband and I got married recently .
His first pick for best man was his older brother , “ St. Paul , ” a seminary student studying to become a priest .
When my husband asked , his brother started crying and said he had hoped my husband would return to the church .
We are both liberal ex-Catholics .
For a wedding gift , Paul gave us a book called Man And Woman He Created Them : A Theology Of The Body , 700 pages of dogma by JP2 .
In the five years I ’ve known him , he has rarely said more than one sentence to me , yet he speaks boldly in favor of the church ’s most conservative doctrines at family gatherings .
How much of his bullshit do I have to deal with ?
I ’m a huge fan of yours , and I know that you ’ve had some issues reconciling your own life with loved ones within the Catholic Church .
Your advice would be appreciated .
The Schismatic
Advertisement
Man… so intolerant .
I ’m talking about you , TS , not your brother - in - law .
Do n’t get me wrong :
Your brother - in - law sounds like total douchedrizzle .
But he has a right to his opinions and a right to express them .
You have a right to your opinions , too , of course , and just as much a right to express them .
When St. Paul goes off on premarital sex or the ordination of women or the gays and their Prada loafers , smile and tell him he ’s full of shit .
But unless you live with him — and I ca n’t imagine you would ’ve omitted that detail — you do n’t see him too often , right ?
Tolerate his bullshit — that ’s what family does — and count your blessings .
Advertisement
And do n’t complain about every word that comes out of his mouth and then gripe about how little he has to say to you .
* Note to Bill Donohue : Yes , I ’ve confused the virgin birth with the Immaculate Conception .
So sue me , motherfucker .
Advertisement
Find the Savage Lovecast ( my weekly podcast ) every Tuesday at thestranger.com / savage .
Got problems ?
mail@savagelove.net
By Maddy Savage
BBC News , Copenhagen
Rush hour in Denmark 's capital seems anything but rushed .
City workers glide through the streets - trousers tucked into their socks and briefcases slung on to the side of their bicycles .
Some even have children following on behind , wrapped in waterproofs and perching on special trailers known as cargo bikes .
The air feels fresh and there is not a traffic jam in sight .
With less than four months to go until Copenhagen hosts the United Nations climate change summit , the city has announced its vision to become the world 's best city for cyclists .
In Copenhagen , a third of people already cycle to work , school or university .
There are about 350 km ( 217 miles ) of cycle routes around the city .
Cyclists have priority over cars and pedestrians at many major junctions and traffic lights .
It 's a big part of our culture and with all the environmental problems , even more people are starting to use a bike instead
Bettina , cyclist City officials have just announced their plans to get half of commuters using bikes by 2015 .
" The city has worked consistently to improve things for cyclists , " said Andreas Rohl , who is in charge of the city 's cycling programme .
" Everything you see in Copenhagen today is due to decisions taken back in the 70s and early 80s .
" For people here , going on a bicycle is a bit like brushing your teeth , you do n't think much about it ! "
He said the new targets for cyclists were " realistic but very ambitious " .
Common to be car - free
Two of the city 's main bridges have recently had a makeover to help encourage more people to cycle .
One is now completely car - free , the other has been developed to include double cycle lanes on both sides .
The city is planning to widen other existing cycle lanes .
It is also considering congestion charging although the legal procedures to do this are not yet in place .
Bettina , a student , uses her bike several times a day .
" It 's a big part of our culture and with all the environmental problems , even more people are starting to use a bike instead , " she said .
In Amsterdam , residents already use bikes for more than half of all journeys under 8 km .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement But , while the Dutch city has long been thought of as the cycling capital of Europe , Copenhagen has beaten it to the top spot in recent surveys by both green campaigners and travel companies .
" I think it 's quite convenient and you are faster than with a car or a bus , " said Kristina , another keen cyclist .
" It 's not so common to have a car here , even for a whole family , and it 's highly taxed . "
Research shows that the more people who travel by bike , the safer it is for each individual cyclist .
Five cyclists were killed on Copenhagen 's roads last year , half the number killed a decade ago when there were fewer bikes and people cycled less often .
Copenhagen 's safety record also compares well with other similar sized cities in Europe .
Six cyclists died on the roads in Dublin last year , even though the city has more than 80 % fewer cyclists .
" We are very focused on the safety .
Since the mid-1990s we have reduced the risk of having an accident when you travel by bike by 65 % , " said Andreas Rohl .
" The health effect of going on a bicycle is seven times higher than the actual risk of going on a bike . "
But what about driving in the city ?
Most roads are clean and smooth , and most car owners you speak to will not complain about cyclists , mainly because many of them ride bikes too .
" It could be difficult for a new driver in this city but you get used to it ! " said Ibrahim , a taxi driver .
" The Danish government advertises that it is good to have bikes .
Good for the health and good for the community .
It 's very green .
No pollution . "
Changing mindsets
Officials believe they are on track to reach their new cyclist targets within the next six years .
Cycling is safer in Copenhagen than many other European cities
They are hoping to share their ideas with the world at the UN climate change talks in December and at the city 's first international cycling conference next year .
There are signs that other European capitals are already looking to follow Copenhagen 's example .
Paris , Barcelona , Montreal and London are among the cities openly committed to improving cycle routes .
But it may be much more difficult to persuade countries like China .
Once known as the world 's kingdom of bicycles , it is now a growing car market , so achieving investment in cycling there could be a much greater challenge .
" It 's all about changing people 's mindsets , " said Mr Rohl .
" But it really can be the easiest and the most flexible way to get around . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Economic growth , large technical workforce and lower research costs in India are attracting Research and Development ( R&D ) investment from multinational corporations ( MNCs ) , particularly in agri-business .
In the OECD economies , agri-business is the second most profitable industry , after pharmaceuticals .
Contributing to its profitability is rapid development in biotechnology .
The Indian Biotechnology sector is gaining global visibility and is being picked for emerging investment opportunities .
India has 40 state agriculture universities , five deemed universities , one central agricultural university and more than 200 agricultural colleges .
These institutions produce about 14,000 graduates and 7,800 postgraduate and Ph.D. scholars every year .
With Monsanto ’s progress in European markets frozen , growing economies like India and their markets took on greater significance .
The company urgently needed to expand the market for its GM crops internationally .
Monsanto ’s agriculture division had already begun to focus on Asian , African and Latin American markets in the early 1990s , towards the goal of “ transforming agriculture ” in a number of countries , a target that became known as the “ developing country goal ” .
Monsanto ’s commercial vision has been projected as a benevolent vision for the world .
When Robert Shapiro was appointed as Monsanto ’s new Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) in 1995 , he engaged in a program to reorient the company ’s business around “ sustainability ” .
He linked the urgent need to grow enough food to feed a growing population with “ inadequate ” existing technologies and agricultural practices .
So Monsanto ’s “ sustainability ” vision , it is claimed , could be realized through GM technology .
Monsanto India ( MI ) , which began its operations in 1949 as a trader of industrial chemicals and later an agrochemical company in 1975 with the launch of the herbicide , Machete ( butachlor ) , has evolved into an agribusiness giant of GM seeds .
The Monsanto research centre established at Indian Institute of Sciences ( IISc ) , Bangalore in 1998 is the only R&D centre established outside the US .
The foundation for Monsanto to tap into the research potential of students as well as the research facilities available in Indian universities was laid by a trade agreement between India and the United States , known as the Knowledge Initiative on Agriculture ( KIA ) or Agricultural Knowledge Initiative ( AKI ) .
This trade deal was influenced by Monsanto , Archer Daniels Midland Company and Wal - Mart .
Knowledge Initiative on Agriculture ( KIA )
The India - US Agreement on Agriculture and Science and Technology emerged from a joint statement by Dr. Manmohan Singh , Prime Minister of India , and George W. Bush , then US President , on July 18 , 2005 .
This far - reaching bilateral pronouncement was the genesis of the Knowledge Initiative on Agriculture ( KIA ) .
Later , in March 2006 Singh and Bush signed a joint declaration on enhanced cooperation in agricultural education and research .
This cooperation is based on the KIA .
The KIA is implemented through KIA Board , which consists of US and Indian members from government , universities , and the private sector .
Dr. Norman Borlaug and Dr. M.S. Swaminathan are honorary advisors for the KIA .
The US private sector members are : Monsanto , the largest seller of GM seeds in the world ; Archer Daniels Midland , a US grain purchaser and trader and is , with Cargill , one of the companies that maintains “ oligopolistic control of the American food - manufacturing and food - processing markets ” ; and Wal - Mart , the world ’s largest retailer .
The Board has decided to focus initially on four core areas : agricultural education , food processing and marketing , biotechnology and water management .
“ The KIA is part of the US comprehensive strategy on revitalizing the bilateral relationship in agriculture with India , ” said Susan Owens , director of the FAS Research and Scientific Exchanges Division .
A key feature of KIA is university - business partnership .
Owen stated : “ We want to broaden the scope of the AKI beyond just research … We want to use the AKI to increase agricultural production in India … . ”
That means , industry helps in not only reshaping the universities ’ curricula , but also identifying research areas that have the potential for rapid commercialization .
This new Knowledge Initiative required development of “ effective policy , regulatory , and institutional frameworks . ”
As Owen said , “ The AKI aims to promote science and technology to create a sound regulatory environment that promotes investment and trade . ”
The KIA Board discussed rights ( Intellectual Property Rights ) to products that the research in public - funded universities will develop .
US land - grant universities and industry representatives are asked to help reshape the curricula of Agricultural education .
Some of suggested new courses were in entrepreneurship development , agribusiness , biotechnology , international trade , patent regimes and environmental science in various disciplines .
Under KIA endowment of industry - sponsored chairs in Indian universities are allowed .
However , there is fear that India ’s Protection of Plant Varieties and Farmers Rights
Act could face threats under US pressure .
Along with multinationals such as Monsanto , the US has been lobbying for a change in India ’s intellectual property laws , to introduce patents on seeds and genes and dilute the provisions protecting farmers ’ rights .
Vandana Shiva , a physicist and environmentalist , said ,
The Science and Technology Cooperation Agreement between the US and India establishes intellectual property protocols of research , bypassing consultation with Indian scientists and the Indian public which has been resisting IPR regimes that force countries to patent life , and create monopolies on seeds , medicine and software …
For us , these agreements are instruments of corporate dictatorship ; they are not instruments of democracy .
And as dictatorship , they will fuel more anger , more discontent , more frustration .
The Protection and Utilization of Public Funded Intellectual Property Bill 2008
Yielding to the pressures of both the US government and the MNCs such as Monsanto , Indian government introduced in the Parliament a controversial legislation titled “ The Protection and Utilization of Public Funded Intellectual Property Bill 2008 ” .
The Bill is modeled on the US ’ 1980 Bayh - Dole Act .
It provides for the protection and utilization of intellectual property originating from public - funded research .
It would alter the existing IP rules to allow government funded universities and autonomous research institutions , rather than the government , to patent their innovations and research outcomes , and to reward institutions and inventors with a share of the royalties and licensing fees generated from the commercial products that result .
It also recommends universities to have a committee , called an intellectual property management committee , to “ identify , assess , document and protect public funded intellectual property having commercial potential . ”
The objective of the IP Bill , it is claimed , is to create an environment in which wealth can be generated from the university system , stimulate national competitiveness , and forge closer academia - industry partnerships .
The IP Bill has attracted considerable debate due to its perceived and potential adverse impact on the R&D , innovation and public interest .
Pushpa Bhargava , who resigned in 2007 as vice - chairman of National Knowledge Commission , an Indian government advisory body that recommended the Bill , says that there was no major open discussion at the commission and he was “ taken aback ” by the recommendation .
The IP Bill also goes against the National Knowledge Commission ’s policy objectives of promoting , sharing and using new knowledge to maximize public good .
Supporters of the Bill , mostly government officials and some section of industry argued that “ protection of IP creates incentive for more knowledge and technology generation as innovators are recognized and rewarded . ”
Officials from India ’s Department of Biotechnology , which helped draft the bill , say that the Bill will promote innovation in Indian universities and research institutes by generating funds through patents .
According to Somenath Ghosh , managing director of India ’s National Research Development Corporation , it has brought “ much - needed change , ” as “ there was no mechanism or incentive to protect knowledge and their research networks have limited interaction with industry . ”
IP Legislation and Corporate Knowledge
Since “ The Protection and Utilization of Public Funded Intellectual Property Bill 2008 ” is modeled on the 1980 US ’ Bayh - Dole Act , the latter ’s impact on US universities imparts some important lessons to Indian academia .
Jim Patrico gives three reasons for bringing US public universities and private companies closer :
1. Stagnant levels of public research funding by the Federal Government for agriculture research since 1980s .
In 2008 National Budget under George Bush , surprisingly there was nearly one third cut in the public funding for agriculture research at the land grant institutions .
This seems to be the government ’s strategy to gradually eliminate regular public research funding .
Giving the rationale for the massive reduction in grants , a USDA deputy secretary said , “ We feel like our agricultural research should not be earmarked ; it should be competitively awarded , and that ’s how you ’re going to get the most bang for the buck . ”
Due to increase in cost of research , universities had to find their own ways to raise the extra amount of money from outside sources such as big companies .
Because of its partnership with Monsanto , University of Missouri was nicknamed “ University of Monsanto . ”
2 . The 1980 ’s US Bayh - Dole Act , which gave US universities , for the first time , ownership of patents arising from government funded research .
3 . The 1980 US Supreme Court verdict that life forms could be patented .
This made agriculture a prime target for patents .
Private industry and universities mainly focused on the promising field of biotechnology .
Patrico notes , “ Within months of that Supreme Court decision , faculty members of UC - Davis created Calgene , a private company and one of the first biotech companies of the chute . ”
Although the university - corporate relationship existed even before 1980 , Boyh - Dole Act gave public institutions a kick towards the market by encouraging them to patent their public funded research .
A shift in universities ’ research focus towards creation of marketable products has dawned .
The habit of patenting their research has developed a taste for private business deals .
This put the public funded institutions in a conundrum , because they no longer existed as “ public ” institutions .
Paul Gepts , professor of agronomy and plant genetics at UC Davis , says , “ Public universities are a contradiction . ”
Patenting of research and university - industry alliance raise troublesome questions about academic freedom , the purity of research , and research agendas .
Patenting of research necessitates confidentiality .
Agricultural universities and research centers become no longer places of open academic sharing and collaboration .
William Folk , a plant geneticist at the University of Missouri says , “ When I started in the 70s , meetings were filled with people criticizing each other and sharing ideas … ( But today ) if you have an idea that has any potential commercial value , you are reluctant to share . ”
Thus , colleagues are seen as potential competitors .
Moreover , scientists who perform industry - sponsored research routinely sign agreements requiring them to keep both the methods and the results of their work confidential for a certain period of time .
As biotech and pharmaceutical companies involve more in funding research , confidentiality becomes very important for the funding company .
From a company ’s point of view , confidentiality may be necessary to prevent potential competitors from pilfering ideas .
However , one of the basic tenets of science is open sharing of ideas and information .
That is why Steven Rosenberg , cancer researcher of the National Cancer Institute , says , “ The ethics of business and the ethics of science do not mix well . ”
There is also genuine fear that university - corporate relationship might lead to tampering the research manuscripts to serve corporate commercial interests .
In 1996 four researchers working on a study of calcium channel blockers accused their sponsor Sandoz that passages highlighting the drug ’s potential dangers were removed from a draft manuscript .
They wrote in a letter to the Journal of the American Medical Association :
“ We believed that the sponsor … was attempting to wield undue influence on the nature of the final paper .
This effort was so oppressive that we felt it inhibited academic freedom . ”
As the research in the public institutions is market - driven , there is a potential danger that the research focus or agenda of universities converge with corporate agendas and interests .
The one possibly negative impact of research collaboration with industry is the impact on public sector research priorities .
Major victim will be the “ minor crops ” , which are commercially not profitable for the companies .
Market - driven research also suppresses ideas that may not have immediate commercial value .
Organic farming will get affected for lack of not only public funds , but also enthusiasm among agricultural researchers .
Students , who wish to pursue their research in organic farming , will face a bleak future .
University - Corporation relationship gives legitimacy to the company and its products .
The company can use this legitimacy to promote its products .
In 2007 , Monsanto gave royalty - free license of its GM papaya seeds to the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University , India .
License will be valid for ten years and royalty will be decided thereafter .
“ This is the first product delivery from Monsanto to the university , and Monsanto has been working on this for the past year , ” said Bhagirath Choudhary , National Coordinator , International Service for the Acquisition of Agri-Biotech Applications that assists universities acquire technology from private companies .
The reason for the collaboration between the university and Monsanto was that famers buy papaya seeds from the university .
Therefore , IP law makes public funded universities and research centers excessively focus on income generation and sharing of royalties .
This may derail public funded academic institutions from their mission of unqualified pursuit and public dissemination of truth and knowledge .
The university serves the broad public interest , to the extent that it treasures informed analysis , critical inquiry and uncompromising standards of intellectual integrity .
However , university - industry alliance converts these public centers of knowledge into centers to serve the greed of private companies .
However , Rob Hersch , Monsanto ’s vice president of product and technology cooperation , disagrees .
He says , “ The No.1 issue for us with universities and with science is to get good information … unbiased , believable , reproducible information . ”
Ignacio Chapela , a UC - Berkeley professor of microbial ecology , admits that a deal between university and company “ institutionalizes the university ’s relationship with one company , whose interest is profit .
Our role should be to serve the public good . ”
Therefore , there is a real danger of “ business of the universities ” becoming business .
Consequentially , the knowledge of universities will help widen the gap between the rich and the poor by providing knowledge that helps rich to become richer , rather than bridging the gap between the rich and the poor .
So , research will be geared towards making profit for the big corporations .
Thus , university education system is converted to essentially profit making commercial enterprise .
It is structured like any other commercial enterprise that looks primarily at its bottom line .
A deeper analysis of nature , which has no immediate commercial market , is now being downgraded in favor of what the industry considers as “ lucrative ” research .
It shifts research priorities away from what society needs as a whole to the greed of the corporations .
Science is no longer for advancing knowledge and the well - being of society but almost entirely for generating profits for the educational enterprise , and consequently to the funding corporations .
Professor Steve Rose of UK ’s Open University , succinctly puts it ,
Well I think there is a very real problem from the point of view of university research in the way that private companies have entered the university , both with direct companies in the universities and with contracts to university researchers .
So that in fact the whole climate of what might be open and independent scientific research has disappeared , the old idea that universities were a place of independence has gone .
Instead of which one ’s got secrecy , one ’s got patents , one ’s got contracts and one ’s got shareholders .
Stifling downstream R&D , hindering free scientific exchange of scientific information , data and materials and increasing opportunities for conflict of interest and other unethical practices not consistent with the best interests of science is not the way to go .
In India Monsanto has started country - wide campaign to attract research talent into the development of hybrid rice and wheat .
For this , it has linked with some of the country ’s premier universities and research institutes .
In 2009 Monsanto announced $ 10 million grant to establish Monsanto ’s Beachell - Borlaug International Scholars Program ( MBBISP ) to improve research on breeding techniques for rice and wheat .
The program will be administered by Texas AgriLife Research , and agency of the Texas A&M University system , for the next five years .
What is alarming is not that agribusiness giant Monsanto is seeking answers from the Indian public funded universities and research institutions .
It is that Monsanto is the one asking the questions at Indian public funded institutions .
As Andrew Neighbour , former administrator at Washington University in St. Louis , who managed the university ’s multiyear and multimillion dollar relationship with Monsanto , admits , “ There ’s no question that industry money comes with strings .
It limits what you can do , when you can do it , who it has to be approved by . ”
This raises the question : if Agribusiness giant Monsanto is funding the research , will Indian agricultural researchers pursue such lines of scientific inquiry as “ How will this new rice or wheat variety impact the Indian farmer , or health of Indian public ? ”
The reality is , Monsanto is funding the research not for the benefit of either Indian farmer or public , but for its profit .
It is paying researchers to ask questions that it is most interested in having answered .
Now , the basic role of the public funded agricultural institutions and research centers in a democratic society is at risk .
The new developments in India are vehicles to empower food giants such as Monsanto , destroy small farmers , and harm the public health .
In 1970 Henry Kissinger said : “ Control oil and you control nations ; control food and you control people . ”
What we are witnessing in India today are developments towards that end , under the disguise of “ food security . ”
Concentrating control in the hands of the US Agbusiness company Monsanto ( and few others ) places Indian public at risk , and leads to its control of India , as the British East India Company did .
Formula 1 has been thrown into chaos after eight of its major teams said they are now planning to set up a rival championship for the 2010 season .
The threat by members of the F1 Teams Association ( Fota ) intensifies their row with world motorsport boss Max Mosley over his budget cap proposals .
" The teams have declined to alter their original conditional entries to the 2010 F1 Championship , " said the teams .
" We 've no alternative than to commence preparation for a new championship . "
Mosley was insistent on introducing a voluntary £ 40 m budget cap for teams to curtail a " financial arms race " in F1 .
But Fota refused to agree to his conditions , prompting championship leader Brawn GP , Ferrari , McLaren , Renault , Toyota , BMW Sauber , Red Bull Racing and Toro Rosso to take their drastic action .
They announced their decision following a four - hour meeting on Thursday night ahead of this weekend 's British Grand Prix at Silverstone .
" Since the formation of Fota last September the teams have worked together and sought to engage the FIA and commercial rights holder ( Bernie Ecclestone ) , to develop and improve the sport , " read a Fota statement .
" Unprecedented worldwide financial turmoil has inevitably placed great challenges before the F1 community .
" Fota is proud that it has achieved the most substantial measures to reduce costs in the history of our sport .
" In particular , the manufacturer teams have provided assistance to the independent teams , a number of which would probably not be in the sport today without the Fota initiatives .
" The Fota teams have further agreed upon a substantial voluntary cost reduction that provides a sustainable model for the future .
ANDREW BENSON'S BLOG
The underlying issue is the governance of F1 - and particularly the leadership of Max Mosley .
Fota is no longer prepared to put up with the FIA having absolute power ...
" Following these efforts , all the teams have confirmed to the FIA and the commercial rights holder that they are willing to commit until the end of 2012 .
" The FIA and the commercial rights holder have campaigned to divide Fota .
" The wishes of the majority of the teams are ignored .
Furthermore , tens of millions of dollars have been withheld from many teams by the commercial rights holder , going back as far as 2006 .
" Despite this , and the uncompromising environment , Fota has genuinely sought compromise .
" It has become clear , however , the teams cannot continue to compromise on the fundamental values of the sport and have declined to alter their original conditional entries to the 2010 world championship . "
Fota added that its championship would put F1 fans first and boast the best drivers and sponsors .
" This series will have transparent governance , one set of regulations , encourage more entrants and listen to the wishes of the fans , including offering lower prices for spectators worldwide , partners and other important stakeholders , " added the statement .
" The major drivers , stars , brands , sponsors , promoters and companies historically associated with the highest level of motorsport will all feature in this new series . "
Former champions Williams and Force India have already committed unconditionally to the FIA 's world championship along with three new entrants - Campos , US F1 and Manor .
The FIA has said there are other would - be newcomers waiting to take the places of those teams that refused to enter unconditionally , although one , Lola , has already withdrawn its application .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The stage is also set for a legal battle , with the FIA saying champions Ferrari and the two Red Bull teams have existing contracts which commit them to the existing championship .
The FIA had set a 19 June deadline for five teams - Brawn , BMW - Sauber , McLaren , Renault and Toyota - to convert their provisional entries into unconditional ones or risk being excluded .
The FIA responded to the teams ' move in a statement on Friday , saying : " We are disappointed but not surprised by Fota 's inability to reach a compromise in the best interests of the sport . "
It claimed that " elements within Fota have sought this outcome throughout the prolonged period of negotiation and have not engaged in the discussions in good faith . "
The statement added : " The deadline for unconditional entries to the 2010 FIA Formula 1 World Championship will expire on Friday evening .
The 2010 entry list will be announced on Saturday . "
BBC F1 pundit and former team boss Eddie Jordan said it might ultimately need Mosley to announce he is not seeking another term of office to resolve F1 's civil war .
He told Radio 5 Live : " It 's posturing , but it has become very serious , and heads will roll before this sorts itself out . "
Jordan added there was " absolutely not a chance " that the sport could sustain two rival series next season .
The BBC , which broadcasts F1 in the UK , said in a statement : " We are monitoring the situation . "
It added : " We never comment on the details of contracts , because it is commercially confidential information . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Learn how to harness solar energy in your home by building your very own solar power systems .
Generate free supply of electricity and protect our environment with the use of a solar power system in your home .
By : Andy O'Silliven
End
--
Do you know that when you build your own solar power systems , it can be a great way to reduce your huge monthly electrical bills by half as well as allowing you to help the environment because it is environmentally friendly ?
By using the sun ’s energy to harness electricity for your house , you are also helping to protect the environment .
Solar energy is renewable and converting it releases no toxic emissions into our environment .
The energy from sun has already been researched and studied by scientist for many years .
Solar energy is free .
The sun provides us with a natural source of energy that is free to us , so why not use it ?
You will see tremendous benefits when you start to adopt your very own solar power systems to power your home appliances .
You soon will see your energy bills reduced by at least 80 percent almost the moment you put your solar power systems to use , not to mention that this is a renewable and sustainable source of energy throughout its lifespan .
The best part is the cost does not fluctuate .
Are you curious to know about solar power systems and how they can save you money ?
These systems can help you save you tons of money on your electrical bills .
This is why a lot of people want to start investing into one of these energy saving systems !
No longer will you be at the mercy of rising energy prices .
You can now be free from non renewable power sources .
You have the freedom to own and use your own solar power systems as you see fit and not worry about the disrupting power outages for a long time to come .
Besides all this , you are doing your share against global warming , reducing your carbon footprint and even may be eligible for green energy tax credits .
In fact in some countries such as America , you may receive rebates , grant money , and tax reductions through implementing solar energy solutions in your home or business .
It is also possible to " sell back " power into the grid .
Imagine that , you receive money from electric companies !
So how do you get involved in a solar power system ?
Many people are looking for ways to save money on their electric bills and one way is to build their own solar power systems .
DIY power solar power systems are becoming popular and the good thing about solar power is that it is one of the most readily available energy sources known to man today .
Most solar power systems can be built with easier obtainable materials that can be found at any local hardware store .
With today 's technology and materials costing less , there is an increasing demand for information on how to build solar power systems for home uses .
So if you are ready to slash your electrical bills by at least half , start searching for home solar power system guides now .
You can build your own solar panel for less than $ 200 with a do - it - yourself installation guide .
Follow the instructions in one of these guides , and you can save money on your electrical bills !
If you are interested to learn more on how to build solar power systems , visit : You may also want to get your DIY installation guide here : # # # Andy O Silliven is an engineer and author in the fields of electrical engineering .
He enjoys writing about the topic and keeping up with current events and research in the area of renewable energy sources .
Recommends : http://www.greenearth4energy.com
He wonders :
Greg Mankiw's Blog : The Arbiter of Ignorance :
In a brief blog post on healthcare , Paul Krugman says that George Will and I are " either remarkably ignorant or simply disingenuous . "
I cannot speak for George , but I can attest that I am completely ingenuous .
So I suppose I must be remarkably ignorant .
There is a lot of that going around lately .
In an earlier post on the state of macroeconomics , Paul says , " Brad DeLong and I have been sort of tag - teaming the Great Ignorance which seems to have overtaken much of the economics profession . "
What is going through Paul 's head as he writes these posts ?...
Two things are going through Paul 's mind :
That at least since Kenneth Arrow weighed in on the subject ... generations ago , there has been a consensus among health economists that adverse selection and moral hazard make properly structuring health - care markets very hard and very tricky , and that even if you do many of the usual benefits of market mechanisms are greatly attenuated in the health sector .
He reads what Mankiw is writing right now -- for example : " The Pitfalls of the Public Option in Health Care : [ Obama 's ] economic logic regarding the public option is hard to follow .
Consumer choice and honest competition are indeed the foundation of a successful market system , but they are usually achieved without a public provider .
We do n’t need government - run grocery stores or government - run gas stations to ensure that Americans can buy food and fuel at reasonable prices ... " -- and he does n't find any recognition that information and selection problems that are not present in grocery or gasoline markets are of the essence in the health care sector .
The economic logic behind a public plan springs from these information and selection problems .
Private health - insurance companies are currently spending a fortune in a negative - sum game by which they try to make other private companies and not themselves actually pay for treating sick people .
A public plan run by bureaucrats would not face those incentives , and would not waste money in that way .
A public plan would , however , have its own inefficiencies : it would be run by bureaucrats , and would waste money in other ways .
Which set of inefficiencies would be greatest ?
We do n't know .
The argument for a public plan is that we should be like the mongoose Rikki - Tikki - Tavi , whose motto is : " run and find out . "
We should set up a public plan , let it compete with the privates , and see if it can provide care people like more cheaply than the private insurance companies .
Friedrich Hayek would approve : the idea is to use the market as an institutional discovery mechanism .
The arguments against a public plan are two :
It would be able to provide people with better health care more cheaply , and would drive the private - insurance companies out of business , and their executives would lose their jobs and be sad , and their shareholders would lose their money and be sad , and their lobbyists would lose their jobs and be sad , and their tame legislators would lose their campaign contributions and be sad .
Mankiw 's argument that a public plan will inevitably receive large and wasteful federal subsidies no matter what the initial law says .
The exammple Mankiw uses to back up his argument seems to me to be very strange .
It is : " Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , the mortgage giants created by federal law , were once private companies .
Yet many investors believed -- correctly , as it turned out -- that the federal government would stand behind Fannie ’s and Freddie ’s debts ... " and thus provide them with a subsidy .
There is a problem with this argument .
The problem is that in the past year and a half the Federal government has stood behind the debts of not just Fannie and Freddie , but AIG , Bear Stearns , Merrill Lynch , Bank of America , Morgan Stanley , and Goldman Sachs -- none of which bear any resemblance whatsoever to a " public plan . "
The government has stood behind Fannie and Freddie not because they were , before 1968 , public enterprises but because they were -- like AIG , Bear Stearns , Merrill Lynch , Bank of America , Morgan Stanley , and Goldman Sachs - - too big to fail .
The Treasury staff would have loved to have let Fannie and Freddie default on their bonds had they not feared the systemic consequences .
The fact that Mankiw can't find an example of his argument ( 2 ) makes me think that it is very weak , and that the real reason people oppose the public plan is ( 1 ) .
A row has been rumbling since the strikes in early May
Failure by US forces to follow their own rules was the " likely " cause of civilian deaths in Afghan airstrikes last month , a US military report says .
US officials looked at seven strikes on Taliban targets in Farah province on 4 May , and concluded that three had not complied with military guidelines .
The report accepts that at least 26 civilians died , but acknowledges that the real figure could be much higher .
The Afghan government has said 140 civilians were killed in the strikes .
Washington and Kabul have been at loggerheads for weeks over the number of civilians killed in the incident .
ANALYSIS James Coomarasamy
The report 's conclusions are couched in caveats , but by releasing it late on a Friday afternoon the Pentagon has underlined its embarrassment at what may be the worst case of civilian deaths since coalition forces entered the country in 2001 .
As well as acknowledging that there was a failure to follow strict military guidelines , the report recommends unspecified steps to be taken to refine that guidance and urges a greater engagement in the public relations battle .
It states that the coalition should be " first with the truth " .
Yet the report also calls into question whether the true number of civilian deaths , in this incident , will ever be known .
It sticks with the US military 's initial estimate of 26 , but describes a report by the Afghan Independent Human Rights Commission , which speaks of at least 86 civilian casualties , as " balanced " and " thorough " .
The US report defends the Farah operation , saying the use of force " was an appropriate means to destroy that enemy threat " .
" However , the inability to discern the presence of civilians and avoid and / or minimise accompanying collateral damage resulted in the unintended consequence of civilian casualties , " the report says .
It says the final three strikes of the engagement , which took place after dark , did not adhere to " specific guidance " in the controlling directive .
" Not applying all of that guidance likely resulted in civilian casualties , " the report says .
It concedes that the precise number of civilians killed in the attack may never be known because many victims were buried before the investigation started .
The document makes a number of recommendations to reduce the likelihood of civilian deaths .
It says lines of communication must be improved , new guidelines should be introduced and personnel need to be retrained .
Gen Stanley McChrystal , the US commander in Afghanistan , is currently reviewing US rules in relation to airstrikes .
He said last month that US forces should use them only if the lives of Nato personnel or American troops were clearly at risk .
Both Nato and US have have insisted that avoiding civilian casualties is their priority in all battles .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
BANANA BASICS
Based on a 2007 California Rare Fruit Growers ' Festival of Fruit presentation .
Introduction .
Good afternoon .
My name is Jon , and today I am going to be your banana expert because I have more banana trees than most people , and I was willing to talk for cheap .
Briefly , I have been gardening since I was in diapers .
I joined CRFG nearly 20 years ago , and have been growing bananas for more than 10 years .
ADVERTISEMENT : I have many banana varieties available at the plant sale outside , along with many of the 300 fig varieties which I grow .
I am a hobbyist like you .
I am not a biologist , not a botanist .
I do not have any formal education or any formal background in botany or agriculture .
So , I am not doing anything that you can't do .
CRFG is about experimenting and sharing .
I keep experimenting , and hopefully I can shorten your learning curve by sharing my experience
I grow about 100 varieties of bananas , and each has its ' own set of characteristics , but the similarities far outweigh the differences .
My goal here , as it has been classically expressed , is not to give you a fish ...
... but to teach you to fish : that is , to introduce you to the basics of bananas , and to help you understand the principles underlying successful banana cultivation , and to introduce you to the information resources available to you , so that you can continue learning and successfully grow any banana .
We are not going to spend much time on biology , except where it is important to the successful growing of bananas .
Each variety has many similarities , but also its ' differences , and you will hear me say many times today that you need to become familiar with your variety and its ' specific characteristics and habits .
I am biased .
I do not grow organically .
That does not mean that I am opposed to that form of plant care , only that I am not qualified to address that form of gardening .
So if you grow organically , you will have to adapt what I am saying to your situation , which you are probably accustomed to doing , already .
2 .
Why grow bananas ?
Flowers .
Fruit .
Beauty .
Landscape value .
Flavor .
3 .
Culture : growth characteristics and conditions .
At this point we need to understand a small bit of biology .
Banana plants grow underground , much like a tulip bulb .
Everything you see above the surface of the soil is leaf .
What we often refer to as the trunk is technically a pseudostem composed of a bundle of leaf stems .
The strength of the trunk is derived from the curvature of the leaf stems , and the way they overlap .
Narrower stems mean less overlap , and therefore potentially less strength .
When the flower spike pushes its ' way up through the center of the pseudostem it forces the overlapping leaf stems apart , decreasing their overlap , and weakening the stem .
Dwarf vs. Tall .
Broadly speaking , most banana plants which you are likely to grow have trunks which are 6 ' tall , or 12 ' tall , but some varieties are as short as 2 ' or as tall as 25 ' .
One advantage of dwarf plants is that they usually do not require propping .
Slender vs. Stout
Slender plants will usually need propping , but some seemingly stout plants become very weak when they flower .
Different varieties have a wide range of colors , shapes and styles .
Roots can extend as much at 10 ' from the trunk of the plant .
Pruning .
All you need is a pair of scissors .
Anything green is good .
Yellow and dry brown can be removed .
Wet , mushy , dark brown is rot and must be removed immediately , as it will migrate through the entire plant .
Water : Watering must match the growth rate of the plant and the season of the year .
Quick biology .
Below 50ish degrees , plant metabolism decreases significantly , ( as evidenced by reduced leaf production ) and consequently requirements for water and fertilizer drop significantly , also .
In the heat of summer , you almost can't overwater .
In the winter ( approx October to March in So Cal ) you only need to maintain dampness .
Overwatering will lead to rotting of the roots , stressing the plant , and ultimately reducing size and quantity of fruit .
Spacing : I understand that 10 ' spacing is used commercially , but many of mine are planted closer .
Often I plant in groups of 3 , at about 6 ' spacing , but leave more space around the perimeter , before planting another group .
Soil : Soil type is almost irrelevant .
The plants are shallow rooted , 12 - 18 " deep at most .
Most of mine are in heavy clay and cobble .
Some have been planted in pure compost .
There are reports of them thriving in piles of horse manure .
The important issue is matching water application with soil or drainage type .
Perhaps the most challenging soils are sand and decomposed granite , which do not hold water well .
Because of their shallow nature , they could most likely be successfully raised in an appropriately large raised bed .
Mulch : a good , heavy layer of compost or other similar organics on the surface of the soil is important .
Fertilizer : when weather is warm , and plants are actively growing , you almost cannot over - fertilize .
The only ill - affect of extreme fertilization that I have seen is expressed in tangled leaves on some varieties which have a particular leaf - emergence style , e.g. Manzano .
The supposed optimum ratio is 9 - 3 - 27 .
However , in my experience , I could not see any difference between the optimum and 16 - 16 - 16 , which is cheaper and easier than mixing 21 - 0 - 0. 16-16 -16 and 0 - 0 - 52 to achieve the " optimum " ratio .
Location , siting and weather .
More sun is good , up to about 95 degrees ( see Arizona chapters for extreme heat conditions ) .
Less wind is good .
Frost is bad .
In many case they will recover , but the loss of leaves will stress the plant and reduce size and quantity of the eventual fruit bunch .
Cold tolerance : see Joe Real 's list .
Generally .
Red bananas are less cold tolerant ( Tall Red , Dwarf Red , Cuban Red , Kru Red Iholena , Red Green , Dwarf Red Green , Rose ) , though some green bananas are fairly tender as well , such as Kumunamba and Kofi , and to a considerable extent , the Cavendish varieties .
Most Reds will barely survive mid 40's for extended periods .
Flowering , in winter ( induced by an unusually warm week ) , or after a long winter can impact fruiting ( size and
Mat management : try to keep 3 - 4 plants in you " mat " ( clump ) , of varying sizes and maturities , approximately 6 - 9 months apart .
This will give you a more consistent harvest .
Some varieties seem to be more affected by crowding than others .
Choking : some varieties , such as Raja Puri , Fhia 17 and Sumatrana X , are susceptible to choking , which is a condition where the flower does not fully exit the pseudostem , and the fruit are formed inside the pseudostem .
Or the flower may even erupt through the side of the pseudostem instead of exiting the top of the pseudostem .
4 .
Flowering and Harvest .
Once again , knowing you particular variety 's characteristics is crucial .
I cannot give you a list of ripening times for each variety , but I can teach you how to determine your varieties characteristics .
Season : there is none .
They flower when the " feel like it " .
Many sources suggest they flower after producing a certain number of leaves , but the sources vary widely on what that number is .
Signs of flowering include : Increase in trunk diameter , ...
... spacing or bunching of leaves , ( Not BTV ) , ...
... and or pseudostem gets " droopy " , e.g. Thousand Fingers .
Pseudostem height is the best indicator of closeness to flowering .
With consistent culture ( water , fertilizer and weather ) each variety will , flower at almost the same exact height each time .
I am seldom surprised to see a plant flowering and can usually tell within a few weeks , when my plants will flower .
Flag leaf .
Propping .
There are many ways to accomplish this , but this has been simple and very successful .
The secret is the 45 degree elbow , which naturally allow the legs to be spread apart , giving very good side - to - side stability ( shear resistance for engineering types ) .
2 " PVC has much greater strength than 1 - 1/2 " .
Anything larger is not necessary .
It is important , when using any form of propping or staking to support the weight at the very top of the bunch .
Propping at any point lower on the trunk usually ends with the pseudostem folded or broken at the support point .
You want to support the banana bunch as if you had removed them from the plant and had hung them up to ripen .
Even if the plant if " folded " by the wind , as long as there is some connection remaining in the flower stem , the fruit will ripen normally .
It is better to leave the damaged stalk " as is " rather than damaging it further by trying to straighten or move it .
Flower removal .
The literature is divided down the middle .
I have n't been able to determine an affect either way , but assume that energy going into endless male flowers must not be going for other things .
If you remove the flower , leave about 12 " of stem below the last hand of fruit .
If the stem desiccates up past the point where the fruit is attached to the stem , that fruit loses connection with the plant , and will usually not be edible .
Signs of maturity and ripeness ( different things ) .
Maturity and ripeness are two different things .
Mature bananas may be picked green and will ripen off of the tree .
This is how all commercial bananas which you purchase in the supermarket are done .
Immature bananas will not ripen properly .
Hanging time on the tree , to achieve maturity is different for each variety .
I have ripened Kru fruit after only 6 weeks hanging time .
However , my first bunch of Saba fruit required 11 months on the tree before ripening .
Plumping and / or rounding of the fruit .
This is very pronounced in some varieties , and almost unnoticeable in others , is evidence of maturity
Color change is evidence of ripening .
Different varieties have different shades of yellow when ripe .
Once again , becoming familiar with your particular variety is crucial .
Even Ebun Musak , which is green when ripe , has a slight color change .
It is important to know when to look for that color change .
Harvest .
Knowing when to pick your bananas is the final step in enjoying your harvest .
I approach each new variety this way : when the first hand ( not the flower ) appears , ( this is the most important step ) I write the date on the side of the stalk with a felt pen .
After 6 months , if they have not shown any color change , I cut off the top ( oldest ) hand , and allow it to ripen ( usually in a couple weeks ) .
If it is OK , I continue removing hands as I need them .
Eventually the rest will ripen on the “ tree ” .
Picking when green spreads out the harvest ( who wants to try and eat 100 bananas in a week ? ) .
Once , again , it is very important to become familiar with your variety at your location with your climate .
If the fruit has been hanging all winter , it may be mature , but wo n't ripen without proper conditions .
It will have a tendency to ripen during the first warm week , which often occurs in early April in San Diego .
In this circumstance , it is difficult to spread out your harvest .
Kanderian ripens in about 10 - 12 weeks ; Saba has taken as long as 11 months .
" Your results may vary .
Details in store . "
After Harvest .
The banana plant only flowers once and then it dies .
I leave the old plant as long is it has green leaves , on the theory that it is still contributing energy to the mat ( group ) .
When the leaves have faded , and the trunk begins to desiccate , I remove it in stages , till only the old corm remains .
Some varieties , e.g. Belle , may have green leaves for close to a year .
With others the trunk and leaves will barely last long enough to mature the fruit .
5 .
Propagation .
Since your banana plant will only flower once , and then die , you need to know how to make additional plants .
Ornamental varieties grown from seed .
Edible varieties grown from pups or Keikeis ( Hawaiian term ) .
Pups form by growing up from the existing corm or plant .
The number of pups varies by variety .
They from at different times , also depending on variety .
Some grow when the parent plant is quite young , while others only start growing when the parent plant has flowered .
Most pups , called sword pups , grow 2 - 3 ' before growing regular leaves .
However , some , called water pups have leaves when very short , and generally , but not always , are less vigorous and poor growers .
Corm size .
I generally remove my pups when they are about 16 " tall .
But some pups of that size are already too well rooted to remove easily , and others will have little or not roots at that size .
Getting to know your variety is important .
It is best to take pups when there are still a few weeks of warm growing weather , so that they can callus and grow roots before going dormant in cooler weather .
This reduces the chances of over - watering and rotting the pup .
Plants may also be propagated but dividing up a corm , much like a potato , and planting the " eyes " or small pups which are forming .
Tools .
I use a RoughNeck digging bar .
I have tried many different things such as a shovel , spade , narrow spade , trenching shovel , the Mutt , and some homemade tools as well , and this has become my tool of choice .
Important factors and issues .
Minimizing root disturbance of the parent decreases stress , and less stress is ultimately rewarded by better fruit production ..
Stress
Removing pups close to flowering greatly stresses some varieties , e.g. the Cavendish varieties .
Different characteristics .
Plant size .
Quantity of roots .
Corm size .
Time of pupping .
Some varieties pup very early , some not till flowering .
6 .
Never give up .
Folded plants .
Seemingly dead plants .
The plant or corm is underground , so what you see above ground my not reflect the reality underground .
Never give up until there is literally nothing left but a hole in the ground .
7 .
Best tasting .
The one I am eating .
The one that is getting ripe .
The one I have for sale .
8 .
Literature and resources .
We Be Bananas http://webebananas.com
FHIA http://www.honduras.com/fhia/
INIBAP http://bananas.bioversityinternational.org/
Banana.org http://www.bananas.org/
Garden Web Banana Forum http://forums.gardenweb.com/forums/banana/
その1
( the first ) スポンジで虎を倒せるんだよ ？
( you can take down a tiger with a sponge , right ? )
Section 1.1 「 四則演算」について
( about " the basic arithmetic operators " )
その2
( the second ) 日本狼って絶滅しているは ず
( the Japanese wolf have been extinct , have n't it ? )
その3
( the third ) ドボン !!
( Dobon !!
( card game which is similar to UNO ) )
その4
( the fourth ) りこさん、昼休みの学校だと目立つ よ
( Lico - san , you really stand out at school during lunch time ! )
その6
( the sixth ) じきに分かる ！
( you 'll get it in a moment ! )
その8
( the eighth ) 紫クダーには毒があ る
( purple cdr contain poison )
その10
( the tenth ) Lispってどこで使うん ？
( when do we use lisp ? )
Section 3.2 リスト操作について
( about list operation )
Section 3.3 リスト操作について その2
( about list operation part 2 )
Section 3.4 リスト操作について その3
( about list operation part 3 )
Appearing on Fox & Friends Tuesday , Liz Cheney appeared to take credit for keeping the country safe from terrorism .
“ Look , we have kept the nation safe since 9/11 .
There has n’t been a single attack , ” she said .
But Cheney thinks that Eric Holder is putting the country at risk by considering a special prosecutor for torture .
“ We ca n’t [ keep the country safe ] without the right intelligence and the situation we ’re in now has really hurt morale at the agency and harmed our ability to get that intelligence , ” said Cheney .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from Fox News ’ Fox & Friends , broadcast July 14 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
1日単発や短期もOK !
1回だけのご自身の
欲求のみで もOK ！ 多種多様なエロ業 界
のプロがご対応！ 「 アナタの我侭な欲求不満 を
お金に変えてみませんか？ 」 多くの女性が欲求解消方法と
稼げる副業に選ばれています！ 本格的に働くのではなくエロ業界に少しでも興味があれば見学だけでもOKです！ 店舗在籍ではなく手軽にスポットで単発的に1回だけアナタだけの体験を満たしてみませんか？
なおかつ高時給が保証されているため、女性の新型副業として話題です。
Hなお仕事が選ばれる3つの理由
01 当日直ぐに始められる！ スマホで簡単応募登 録
02 1日だけ1回だけでもOK ！ その日1日だけで大丈夫
03 必要な時だけ利用 でOK ！ 欲求・お金が欲しい時 に
スマホで簡単応募登録 即日経験体験可能！登録後、スムーズにアナタの欲求通りに満たされます！
“ Hなお仕 事 ” と聞くと、危険とか危ないと思われる女性も多くいると思いますが実は凄くシステム化されていてしかもしっかりとした法的ルール内にて運営をしておりますので初めての方でも楽しくお仕事が出来ます。
登録は入力フォームにて必要な情報を登録すれば完了。
履歴書不要でスムーズにお仕事を当日からスタートできます。 こんなお悩みを解決！ 簡単に当日に短期でお金が欲しい
Hな事に少し興味があるので教えて欲しい
1回だけの関係で単発的に欲求を満たしたい
その日限りの関係でお金も稼ぎたい
履歴書や身分証を準備するのは面倒
1日だけ1回だけでも大丈夫 その日の欲求解消だけでも可能！思い立ったその日にスポット欲求不満解消＆お金をゲット！
「 予定が空いたので今日働きたい 」「性欲を満たしたいので解消して欲しい」「Hな事に興味があるけど人に聞けないので教えて欲しい」そんなとき、すぐ相談内容に応じた欲求を解消させて頂きましてプラスその欲求通りのお仕事をされてお金を稼ぎたい場合はお仕事もご提案します。アナタの性欲の興味と欲求不満を解消しながらお金まで稼げるHなお仕事求人になります。 こんなお悩みを解決！ Hな事を詳しく知りたい
変態なプレイを経験してみたい
欲求をお金に変えてみたい
Hな技術を学びたい
性についての相談にのって欲しい
必要な時だけ利用可能 欲求・お金が欲しい時に連絡一つでアナタの欲求が全て解消されお金まで稼げるお仕事！
Hな事が未経験者の方でも一から色々と学べて自分の興味のある出来る内容にてお金も稼げるお仕事求人情報です。欲求を満たしたいときだけ、お金が欲しいときだけ期間限定で単発にてできる。今日だけ、明日だけ、土日祝日だけ、給料日前だけ、夏休みや冬休みといった長期休暇だけなど、働きたいときだけ、満たしたいときだけ単発・短期で自由に解消することができます。
こんなお悩みを解決！ お給料日まで金 欠
急な出費がありお金が必要
性欲に不満があり欲求を満たしたい
今日だけ彼氏に内緒で働きたい
１回だけ試した いHな事がある
色々な性についての技術を習得したい
Hなお仕事の収入例 どのお仕事も最低時 給
5,000 円以上から！ 最 低5000 円 の時給保証があり、巷のアルバイトと比較すると2倍以上の高額収入を手にすることができます。また、内容の濃いお仕事になると時給10万円以上を手にすることも可能。「Hなバイト選びは内容でこだわる」という女性は多くいらっしゃいます。
-アルバイト時給参考- お給料日まで金欠
コンビニ￥900
居酒屋ホール・キッチン￥950
一般事務 ￥1100
派遣イベントスタッフ ￥1250
コールセンター ￥1250
その他 ￥1500 ※大阪での調査結果です Hな事に興味がありソフトな内容 1 回だけの学生さんの場合 自分が興味のあるフェラについての勉強会とテクニック講座を受けてハンドサービスのお店で手コキの練習体験にて２人と実践して当日のみで終了。
日給18500 円(時給7500円×2H＋各種手当 ) 欲求不満を解消する為のお仕事 毎週の欲求を解消している主婦さんの場合
旦那さんがセックスレスになりどうしても浮気はできないと思いお仕事として自分の欲求を解消だったらOKと自分なりに思いソフトSMのM専門で攻められるだけのお仕事を毎週何日かされています。
日給47000 円(時給15000円×3H＋各種手当 ) 本格的な技術向上の為にお仕事 技術習得と趣味にて副業OLさんの場合 彼氏に少しでも喜んでもらいたいので本格的なプロの技術講習を何度か受けられて勉強会に参加されて習得した技術をたまに副業にてお仕事にそして愛する彼氏にへとご奉仕中です。
日給64000 円(時給18000円×3H＋各種手当 )
何が良いの ？
Hなお仕事のメリット 初心者・未経験者歓 迎
プライベート個人情報交換なし
全て無料相談・講座勉強会が可能
空いた時間に１日体験だけでもOK
興味ある内容にてお仕事が可能
短期日払いにてお仕事が可能 今すぐ、誰でも、直ぐに体験できます 初めての方でも未経験の方でも気軽にご相談して下さい。 興味のある事を何でもご質問して頂ければお答えさせて頂きますし性に関するどんな事でも知る事が出来て実際に体験する事が可能です。 しかもその性欲がお金にも変わるので少しでも性について興味がある知りたい教えて欲しい女性の方は是非ご相談下さい。 女性スタッフも在籍しておりますし性業界のプロの方も多く在籍をしていますので細かくなんでも聞く事ができます。 実際のプロの技術とお金をその手にしてみませんか！
GIRLS - Hnaviでは、未経験で不安な方にはお友達とご一緒にご相談に来て頂く事も大歓迎です。
登録して暇な時に遊びに来て頂けますとポイントが溜めれるシステムもございますしお友紹介やイベントでも特別ポイントを進呈あり。貯まったポイントは現金キャッシュバックしたり、最新アダルトグッズやブランド品、商品券などと交換できますので、ぜひポイントを貯めてくださいね。
お仕事の流れ 登録
>
ご相談
>
体験 3ステップで登録完了後、体験したい内容と知りたい事を実際に体験して頂いて当日に報酬がもらえます。まずは問合せフォームよりお気軽にお問合せ下さい。
Hな事の全ての技術的な
指導・練習も無料 で
教えております。 Hに関する知識から技術的な事も全て無料にてご相談できますし女性のスタッフとプロの方からも実際にお話しや体験をする事が可能です。 中々人には聞けない性の悩みや技術を無料にて気軽に聞いて体験する事が出来てしかも出来る内容にてお仕事としてお金がもらう事ができます。 プロから教わる無料の技術指導と練習も可能ですしお仕事はしなくてもOKです。 実際に試してみたい事、１度だけやってみたい事、教えて欲しい技術だけ無料にてお教えいたします。
「 なぜ無料なの 」 理由は簡単です！私たちも最初は性について色々と知らないで悩みましたし、知りたかったですがちゃんと教えてくれる人がいませんでした。
その為に間違った事を知ったりしてしまう事も多くありましたのでその体験を生かして少しでも多くの方に性について良く知って頂いて楽しくセックスをエンジョイして頂きたいのです。
あと性風俗についてのお仕事についての理解も多く深めて頂ければ幸いと考えております。
少しでも性風俗の知識とご理解において性犯罪は少なくなればと思いますしそんなに変な怪しい危ない世界ではない事も知って頂ければと思い無料にて性についてのご相談をお受けしております。
何なりとお気軽にご相談下さい。
なぜ風俗で働くとお得なの？ この理由の第一は、まずお金が多く稼げるからです！
第二に本能のままに性を楽しむ事が出来るからです！
第三は新しいアナタを見つける事が出来るからです！
この３つが大きくあげられます。 お金を稼ぐのに手っ取り早く短期日払いにて稼ぐ事が出来るお仕事で1日平均6万円以上も稼いでいる女性の方が多くいらっしゃいます。 基本的にHな事に興味がある女性が多く働かれていますのでHが大好きとかHな技術を習得したとかHな事を試してみたいとか教えて欲しいとかでお仕事をされている方が多くいます。
Hな事を教わったり試したり体験したりする事は一般で中々恥ずかしく言えませんがお仕事として考えれば全てがスムーズになりますしプロの技術も習得出来て自分が興味のあるHな事が出来て安全に確実にお金が稼げるのが風俗のお仕事になります。
だから皆さんお金だけではなく半分趣味と興味と技術向上にて風俗で働かれている女性が多いのです。
アナタのセックス体験 を
お金にしませんか？ 「 セックス体験アンケー ト
モニターさん大募集 」 アナタのセックス体験を決まったフォーマットにてアンケートにてお答えをして頂くだけで報酬がもらえるお仕事があります。
今までのセックスライフがお金に変わるお仕事があるので少しでHな事でお金を稼ぎたいけど不安な方はココから登録してスタートするのも良いと思います。
詳しくはコチラをチェック
欲求不満女性募集中！ 「 本当のアナタ を
知ってみませんか？ 」 実は女性の72％ほどの方が性についての知識が無かったり間違っていたりします。
実際の性についての事が分からないままその良さも分からないままの女性も多くいたり実際に（イク）って聞くけど理解できないイクって何？と思われている女性も多いです。
自分の中ではこれがイクなの？と思われている女性も多くいます。
本当の意味での（イク）エクスタシーの絶頂を迎える事は知識と技術と気持ちと脳なのです。
興味があるけど人に聞くのは恥ずかしいしHな女って彼氏や旦那に思われたくないと思い我慢している女性や本気で性を楽しめていない女性は多くいます。
そこで当社では本来の女性の本能のまま感じて頂いて知識と体験をして頂ければと思います。
実際に働く必要はありません。 ここでは性についてのしっかりとした知識と技術を無料で体験して頂いて知って頂ければと思いこのサイトを立ち上げました。
えっイクって本当はこんなに気持ちいものなの？！って知って頂いて新しいアナタを見つけて頂ければ幸いです。
大人の女性が今更聞けない事 「 本当は私 …
性について理解していない 」 って女性は多く実はいらっしゃいます。 ですので今までの男性経験でも何が楽しいの？イクって何？男性をどのようにしたら喜ばせれるの？落とせるの？ 今更聞けないHについての質問を全てプロがセキララにお答えをします。
Hなお店だからセキララに何でも質問出来て間違いない回答をしてくれる！
一生知らぬままか１度知って新しいHな世界を知るかは知っている方が絶対にお得で良いです！
興味のある女性はお気軽にご相談下さい。
Hなお仕事に少しでも興味の
ある女性の方を募集中！ 「 Hな事に凄く興味があるけ ど
安心安全に知れる方法とは？ 」 Hな事に少し興味があるけど誰にどのように聞けばいいのか、誰にもバレないでちゃんと知りたい女性の方は一度お気軽にご相談して下さい。 確実にアナタの疑問を解決いたします！ ちゃん とHな事が知れて報酬までもらえるお仕事ですがこのGIRLS - Hnaviです。 質問だけで もOKです。
願望のままに欲求 を
お金に変えませんか？ 「 自分の願望のままに欲求 を
満たしてみませんか？ 」 彼氏や旦那さんとは上手く行っているけどどうしても本当の自分の性癖や性に対する欲求が言えないけど１回だけでも良いのでしてみたいと思う女性の方は実は多くいらっしゃいましてご相談が多いです。
そんな女性の為に１度だけのアナタが望む性に関する欲求を全て叶えさせて頂きます！
確実にアナタの欲求をプロが満たします。
たた１回だけ試してみたいアナタの本当の願望を試してみませんか？
アナタの願望と欲求内容が多くの報酬へと変わらいます。
欲求を満たす為にこんな事を思ったり考えたりしてませんか？
「 こんな方は一度
ご相談を危険です！ 」 出会い系で相手を探すのは危ない危険×
セフレは結局は関係がこじれる×
近くの男性と不倫すると確実にもめる×
ナンパは本当に危ないしロクな事にならない×
女性専用性感マッサージを利用するとお金がかかる×
無料の女性専用性サービスはロクな事がない×
出張ホスト等のご利用は高額請求される× トラブルになる前に先にご相談下さい！
アナタの性ライフの新しいパートナーとしてGIRLS-Hnaviがお力になります！
誰にも知られずに単発にて当日のみ体験が可能！
人気ランキン グ
体験女性の 声
初めてイクことが出来ましたｖ 名前 なるみ ( 28 歳 ) 職業 看護師 業種 催眠術脳イキモニター 報酬 2時間 ＝28500 円 体験満足度 ★★★★★ 今まで何をしてもいったことが無かったので凄く悩んではいましたが誰にも相談が出来なかったしどうしたらいけるのかなと悩んでいてネット色々と調べてたらこの催眠術脳イキモニターを見つけました。
ダメ元で応募して初の脳イキモニターをして初めていけました。
このイクの感覚を最初に説明もしてくれましたし本当に気持ちよくうわ～って催眠にかかりそのままエクスターシーがどんどん感じてムラムラして熱くなって胸がギューってなってビリビリってきたきたって感じになりビックっとなりそこからは頭が真っ白になってビクビクってなりその後はめちゃくちゃ気持ちよくていきまくりました。
そこからはイクが止まらないで気持ち良すぎました。
この体験後からは自分でオナニーしても彼氏とセックスをしても自分のタイミングでいけるようになれたので本当に催眠術脳イキモニターは凄くと思います。
嘘だと思う方は一度試してみた方が良いと思います。
これでしかも報酬が貰えるってめちゃ良いバイトだと思います。
初めて緊縛をしてもらい緊張しましたがめっちゃSMに目覚めちゃいました 名前 あみ( 20 歳 ) 職業 専門学生 業種 変態デッサン撮影モデル 報酬 3時間 ＝54500 円 体験満足度 ★★★★ モデルのバイトを探していたらこのサイトを見つけて変態モデルのお仕事がありましたので応募しました。
通常の水着モデルとかのお仕事はいつもあまりないのですがこの変態モデルのお仕事は登録して直ぐにお仕事のご依頼がありました。
SMの緊縛モデルにて写真を撮られるお仕事で最初は凄く緊張しましたがやっていく内にしだいにやらしい気持ちになりムラムラしました。
シャッターの音が凄く大きめでその音とフラッシュと縄がぎゅっと私の体を締め付けるので緊張と共にえっちな気持ちになりかなり濡れてたと思います。
恥ずかしかったですが変態な写真を撮られるお仕事だったので自然な感じでやらしい表情をしてポーズをしてムラムラしながらお仕事をさせて頂きました。
こんなえっちな事で興奮をしたのが初めてその日に夜はあまり寝られなかったです。
秘密ですが夜にオナニーを２回もしました。
またお仕事をしたいと思いますのでご依頼お待ちしております。
たまにいけるけど殆どがいけない体質だった私が毎回いけるようになりました。 名前 mikurin ( 23 歳 ) 職業 大学生 業種 催眠術脳イキモニター 報酬 3時間＝34500 円 体験満足度 ★★★★★ 私は体調が良い時はたまにいけるのですが殆どの場合はいく感じだけでいけませんでした。
そこで友達からこの催眠術脳イキモニターの存在を知って一緒に応募しました。
最初は半信半疑でしたら実際に催眠術をしてもらいながらどんどんと気持ちがたかぶる事が分かりいつも感じ方ではない感じが体全体にビリビリと来て本当にHな事を言われたらぐっと来る感じで急に体がビックとして直ぐにいきました。
そこからは簡単にいくようになり踏んだのオナニーでも自分の感覚でいけるようになりました。
ちゃんと催眠術についての説明を最初にして頂いてなぜいける時といけない時があるかの体と脳のメカニズムについても丁寧にご説明をしてくれたので理解していた分、人よりも早くいけたと思います。
本当にありがとうございます。
友達も別の部屋で一緒にしたのですが帰りは２人とも目がとろ～んとしてぽーっとしてにんまりしながら帰りました。
人生初の不倫体験をしてきました！ 名前 ち え( 25 歳 ) 職業 主婦 業種 不倫クラブ 報酬 4時間 ＝65000 円 体験満足度 ★★★★ 前から不倫に凄く興味がありネットで検索するとこんなお仕事が有ったので最初は興味だけで登録してみました。
そうすると一週間ほどでご依頼を頂いたので会員様のプロフィールを見ると良い感じの男性でしたので１日だけならいいかなと思いお会いする事にしました。
最初はお食事で色々と少しお話をして気が合うしエッチな雰囲気もありましたしムラムラがありましたので人生初めての不倫を体験しました。
ドキドキが止まりませんでした。
してはいけない秘密の事をする緊張と会って直ぐの男性とのエッチな体験に心も体も舞い上がり凄く楽しい時間があっというまでした。
忘れられない１日になりました。
不倫クラブは、あとからの連絡もする必要もないので本当に良い秘密のアルバイトだと思います。
また再来週もご予約を頂いているのでこっそりと不倫を楽しみたいと思います。
セックス経験は１回だけでほとんど未経験でもクンニでビックビクビクってイクのが分かりました。 名前 エミ( 19 歳 ) 職業 大学生 業種 舐め犬クンニ専用サポートレディ 報酬 3時間 ＝28500 円 体験満足度 ★★★★★ 大学に入って初めて彼氏が出来て１回だけセックスをしたのですが何が良いのか分かりませんし痛いしで嫌でしたが高収入バイトを検索にて探していたらこのクンニ専門レディのアルバイトを見つけて舐められるだけならいいかなと思い応募しました。
お給料が他の求人よりも内容が簡単なのに良かったからもあります。
最初は緊張しましたが面接の担当者様が凄く親切で丁寧にアルバイト内容のご説明をしてくれたのでやってみようと思い初のクンニレディをしました。
優しい感じのサラリーマン風の方が最初のお客さんでしたのでパンツを恥ずかしいけど仕事と思いパンツを脱いで身を任せました。
そしたらあっというまに気持ちよくなり体の全身がビクビクビクってなりもうダメって叫んでお客さんの顔押さえましたがそれでも舐められてまた大きくビクビクビックってなり頭が真っ白になりました。
これがイクって事だと初めて分かり体験して本当に気持ち良いし忘れられないしムラムラしてドキドキしてぽーっとして初めての体験でした。
こんな気持ちいい思いをしてお金がもらえるんだかろ良いアルバイトを見つけたと思います。
大学の友達にも話したら今度紹介してほしいというしみんなエッチな事に興味深々だったのでいい体験ができました。ありがとうございます。今後も宜しくお願いします。
初めてアダルトグッズモニターをしましたｖ 名前 ミク( 23 歳 ) 職業 介護士 業種 アダルトグッズモニター 報酬 1時間 ＝8500 円 体験満足度 ★★★★★ 今までアダルトグッズを使用した事がないので初めて使ってこんなに気持ちいいんだって思ってびっくりしました。
最初は少し不安がありましたが女性のスタッフの方が親切に使い方からご説明をしてくれましたしモニター体験するお部屋も凄く綺麗で清潔感があってよかったです。
その時に初めてアダルトビデオも見ましたがあんなに過激なんだなと思いまたびっくりしました。
まえからHな事に凄く興味がありましたがどのようにすればいいのか分からないし不安もあり恥ずかしさもありで目をそむけていましたし彼氏もそんなにHな事に興味がなくただするだけだったので初めて女性がオナニーをする事も知りましたしこんなにHな事をするんだって思いましたし世の中にこんな不思議なアダルトグッズがたくさんある事も知れて本当に良かったです。
これからもアダルトグッズモニターのお仕事を続けていきたいので宜しくお願いします。
おすすめ業 種
Web design has certainly come a long way since the first HTML files were published , and Cascading Style Sheets have given designers lots of freedom to specify typefaces , sizes , and styles for text .
But most type on the Web is still limited to the 10 common " Web fonts " commissioned and distributed by Microsoft in the late 90s .
Web designers and developers have done their best to work within these constraints , and even developed clever workarounds using images , Flash , and / or JavaScript .
A number of solutions have been proposed which would let developers use their preferred fonts directly , but getting everyone involved on the same page , so to speak , has revealed a morass of competing needs .
Web designers want to be able to design websites using just the right typefaces — something that they can do with relative ease when working in print and other non-Web media .
Browser vendors want to implement widely adopted standards so webpages render as well in one browser as they do in another .
Type designers and font foundries want to make sure their font files are n't trivially easy to download , especially since fonts are already often pirated .
Current tools
Web designers have over a decade of experience using CSS to specify what fonts should be used when displaying a webpage .
While a designer can specify any font by name , there 's no guarantee that the viewer has that particular font installed .
Thankfully , CSS allows designers to specify fallback fonts , and the browser will essentially go through the list specified in the stylesheet until a match is found among the installed fonts .
CSS even allows a generic fallback such as " serif " or " fixed - width , " and the browser will use whatever fonts are specified in its preferences for each of these generic classes .
Microsoft also decided to help by creating a set of fonts that it hoped would be widely distributed with operating systems .
Known as the core " Web fonts , " these are included with Windows and Mac OS X , and they are freely downloadable for Linux .
These typefaces were specifically designed for screen use , and have since become the most commonly used type on the Web .
The collection includes 10 typefaces : the popular Verdana and Georgia , reworked versions of Times and Courier , Trebuchet MS , Andale Mono , Impact , the Helvetica - esque Arial ( the default for Ars text ) , the Webdings dingbat font , and the generally - reviled Comic Sans .
While the collection is certainly serviceable — especially Verdana and Georgia — it does n't leave a whole lot of room for creativity and variety .
Designers can specify other fonts if the target audience can be reasonably expected to have those fonts installed .
For instance , a blog about using Adobe Creative Suite software might reasonably assume that readers have Myriad Pro installed , since it comes with most Adobe design software .
A Mac-centric website might specify Lucida Grande , Zapfino , or Helvetica , since those fonts are included with Mac OS X .
As long as fallback fonts are defined , the page can be displayed on any computer , though it may lose some of the flair that the designer intended .
Designers have also developed a number of workarounds that allow them to design with whatever fonts they want .
The simplest is to simply convert the type into static graphics — though that method can quickly eat up bandwidth , and prevents the type from being scaled .
Another involves converting type into small Flash files in a method known as sIFR .
These methods share some drawbacks , however .
Usability can be compromised , especially for those that rely on screen reading software .
Users that either can't or do n't have Flash installed wo n't be able to view all of the content as intended .
As a result , the use of these methods is generally limited to headlines and banners , while the bulk of the text uses one of the common Web fonts .
More recently , a method known as Cuf�n text replacement has been implemented .
This uses only HTML and JavaScript , displays type in whatever font a designer desires , and is still accessible to those with visual impairments .
It works with most browsers , but it does require fonts to be converted to a special format , and the JavaScript is more complex than simply specifying a typeface .
The rendering is also much slower than that of the browser 's built - in text handling .
Latest method : @font- face
The most flexible method would be a way for a designer to link to a specific font file , have the browser download it once , and then use it as needed .
The great thing is that this capacity already exists : the @font - face rule .
This was originally part of the CSS2 spec , and Internet Explorer and Netscape initially supported it .
However , both browsers used differing , proprietary font formats , so it was not widely adopted , and ended up being dropped from CSS2.1 .
The @font - face rule is still a part of the expanded type specifications for CSS3 , and Safari and Firefox have recently added support for @font - face use with standard TrueType and OpenType fonts .
It 's relatively trivial for designers to take advantage of @font - face — all that 's needed is to host the font file on a Web server and add a link to it in a style sheet .
Two Tokyo - based designers were commissioned to design a webpage that shows off Firefox 3.5 's support for the feature , but you can also see @font - face in action for yourself if you have a recent version of Safari or the latest beta of Opera .
Unfortunately , there are two problems with @font - face .
The first is that support for standard font formats is n't included in Internet Explorer , which still command a large percentage of the desktop browser market .
Second , fonts are software , and software generally comes with licenses .
While some fonts are freely licensed for Web use ( for instance , the Open Font Library ) , many font distributors expressly forbid putting fonts on a Web server .
Mozilla had to license the fonts used in its @font - face example specifically for that page alone .
Ca n't we all just get along ?
So , type designers and font foundries do n't want their fonts ripped off , browser vendors want a single standard , and designers want to be able to use whatever font best suits the design at hand .
So far there is n't one clear solution that reconciles these competing desires .
One proposal involves standardizing Microsoft 's EOT format , though you can be sure none of the browser vendors except for Microsoft are too keen on that idea .
Another solution from The Font Bureau 's David Berlow amounts to including a table of permissions within the metadata of a font file that could control their use on the Web .
Font vendor Ascender has even proposed creating yet another format specifically for fonts to be used on the Web .
The latest idea is from a company called Small Batch , which has developed a tool called TypeKit .
TypeKit relies on fonts that it hosts itself , and designers use the fonts by adding some JavaScript to their code .
It 's designed to abstract all the hard stuff away from the developer , and even uses Cuf�n or sIFR as fallbacks for browsers that do n't support @font - face .
Small Batch is working with foundries to develop a Web - specific license for the fonts it hosts , and the company has recently secured a round of funding from venture capital firms and several new media luminaries .
So far these solutions have generated a lot of debate , but very little consensus .
Designers are n't really keen on new font formats .
Adding support for @font - face using standard TTF and OTF fonts is appealing to browser vendors , since they can simply tie into an OS 's built - in font handling .
And type designers and font foundries are left worrying that their creative work will end up being given away .
( Although anyone who would go through the trouble of finding a font file in a browser 's cache or pulling the URL out of a CSS file is n't likely the sort to care much for a font 's EULA in the first place . )
TypeKit seems to show the most promise , but designers might not want to rely on a third party 's servers to make sure the fonts they specified actually display for an end user .
You can be sure designers will continue to push the envelope by using @font - face for browsers that support it and other solutions like Cuf�n for those that do n't .
Until there is one solution that everyone can agree on — whatever it is — expect to still see lots of Verdana , Georgia , and Arial on the Web .
For now , it seems , we 're just left with the promise of better , more varied typography .
Photo : Hannah Whitaker / New York Magazine
Appropriation is the idea that ate the art world .
Go to any Chelsea gallery or international biennial and you ’ll find it .
It ’s there in paintings of photographs , photographs of advertising , sculpture with ready - made objects , videos using already - existing film .
After its hothouse incubation in the seventies , appropriation breathed important new life into art .
This life flowered spectacularly over the decades — even if it ’s now close to aesthetic kudzu .
The Metropolitan Museum of Art ’s “ The Pictures Generation , 1974 – 1984 ” is less a critical survey of a highly influential aesthetic than a feel - good class reunion .
Rather than opt for scholarship and tough choices , curator Douglas Eklund cultivated a gang ’s - all - here coziness .
It ’s a huge show , with hundreds of objects , books , posters , films , and videos , and works by 30 artists .
Had a museum outside New York originated a show this baggy , it ’s doubtful that the Met would have had anything to do with it .
( Though it ’s fantastic that the fuddy - duddy Met is finally thinking about recent art .
It needs to do so , more often and better . )
But if you do pick your way through this hodgepodge , you ’ll find a spirited introduction to a lively moment .
In the seventies , a group of American artists seized the means not of production but of reproduction .
They tore apart visual culture at a time of no money , no market , and no one paying attention except other artists .
Vietnam and Watergate had happened ; everything in America was being questioned .
In this charged atmosphere , artists braided together three recent styles .
They made conceptual art more optical and snazzy .
They returned narrative and figuration to minimalism while keeping the rigor .
And rather than “ liking things , ” the way Warhol said Pop Art did , they were skeptical , especially regarding pop culture .
This mix was laced with New Wave attitude , French theory , social consciousness , and raw material derived from everything from movies to logos .
Pictures artists ( as they were called ) created a kind of anti- encyclopedia , looking at the world of representation and saying , “ This is too good to be true . ”
They changed the way we look at images , ourselves , and the world .
Today , it ’s hard to see two of the most radical things about Pictures art .
First of all , most of it came out of photography .
Back then , photographs were entirely separate from the elite fine arts such as painting ( which was going through one of its near - death experiences ) .
Even so - called fine - art photography was inexpensive and , by comparison , nearly disposable .
It was certainly seen as a separate art with its own history and traditions , and critics and theoreticians did n’t much bother with it .
The Pictures artists realized that photography could therefore be a theoretical free zone — that they could create their own approach there .
Pictures artists staged their own images or copied or cut out others already in existence .
The viewer took them in separately , in sometimes paradoxical waves : an original image , then the manipulations of it , then the places where image and idea intersected .
This created a crucial perceptual glitch that irony and understanding filled .
It makes Jack Goldstein ’s footage of the roaring MGM lion someone ’s take ( and not necessarily his ) on what the MGM lion stands for ; Richard Prince ’s Marlboro men went from familiar and bland to dangerous and funny ; Cindy Sherman ’s dressing up like a model became as strange as dressing up like a model really is .
As participant James Welling observed , “ Images compose our perceptions of the possible . ”
If widely reproduced pictures are often lies , artists , in Prince ’s words , wanted to “ turn the lie back on itself . ”
These artists did that with a vengeance .
Which brings us to the other , less visible radicalism of Pictures art : the great representation of women .
Back then , it was instinctively understood that the doors of painting and sculpture were all but closed to them .
In self - defense , women took up the devalued medium of photography , and much of their work breaks down the visual conventions of gender construction .
They were feminists who did n’t want to be stuck in the “ feminist art ” ghetto , so they forged an art that was forceful , insistent , and seductive .
Sarah Charlesworth tore up magazines to show us why we desired what we desired ; Louise Lawler was a spy in the house of art , taking pictures of work by male artists installed in posh collections ; Laurie Simmons created sicko domestic interiors ; Barbara Kruger performed shock therapy on advertising ; Sherrie Levine , who said , “ Appropriation is not all that different from wanting to appropriate your father ’s wife or your mother ’s husband , ” rephotographed famous photographs .
The criticism that grew up around Pictures art was authoritarian if almost unreadable , written in tight knots of language .
Painting was called regressive , exhausted , mined - out ; graffiti artists like Keith Haring and Jean - Michel Basquiat were written off as lightweights .
Sometimes the Pictures artists fought with even their supporters .
Adrian Piper ( an artist on the fringe of the movement , left out of this show ) wrote an open letter to critic Donald Kuspit saying that his writing “ dehumanize [d ] artists . ”
David Salle , whose work looks outstanding here , dismissed critic Craig Owens ’s ideas about the way Salle “ mystified information ” as ludicrous .
Pictures art was never the feel - good fun portrayed here ; it was influential , but it was also self - policing and insular .
( Salle was essentially cast out of the inner circle for the sin of painting and for using photos of naked women — that ’s how conservative the liberal art world was . )
But it was a crackling time , and appropriation is too nice a word for how potent this style still is : Stealing and ransacking convey the atmosphere much better .
E-mail : jerry_saltz@newyorkmag.com .
It was the summer of 1945 , and World War II had ended .
Former soldiers , including famous baseball stars , streamed back into America and into American life .
Yankee slugger Joe DiMaggio was trying to be Yankee fan Joe DiMaggio , sneaking into a mezzanine seat with his 4 - year - old son , Joe Jr. , before rejoining his team .
A fan noticed him , then another .
Soon throughout the stadium people were chanting “ Joe , Joe , Joe DiMaggio ! ” DiMaggio , moved , gazed down to see if his son had noticed the tribute .
He had .
“ See , Daddy , ” said the little DiMaggio , “ everybody knows me ! ”
We all interpret the events around us according to our own worldview .
By adulthood we ’ve either gotten beyond the me - me - me context of 4 - year - olds , or gone into politics .
But drawing conclusions about data we encounter in sports , business , medicine and even our personal lives , we often make errors as significant as that of Joe Jr .
This holiday weekend — the Fourth of July — kicks off the home stretch of a two - month period that made Joe DiMaggio Sr. an icon of American culture .
In 1941 , a few months before Joe Jr. was born , and sandwiched between the day Hitler ’s insane deputy Rudolf Hess parachuted into Scotland on an unauthorized peace mission and the day a secret British report concluded that the Allies could complete an atomic bomb ahead of Germany , there was a period of 56 successive Yankee games in which Joltin ’
Joe had at least one hit .
DiMaggio ’s hitting streak was an inspiration in troubled times .
The pursuit of any record comes with pressure — Roger Maris lost some of his hair during his attempt to break Babe Ruth ’s home - run record in 1961 — but most records forgive you an off day as long as you compensate at other times .
Not so with a streak , which demands unwavering performance .
And so DiMaggio ’s streak has been interpreted as a feat of mythic proportion , seen as a heroic , even miraculous , spurt of unrivaled effort and concentration .
But was it ?
Or was this epic moment simply a fluke ?
From the ' kinda / sorta open source ' files :
Web security vendor Dasient today released an open source version of their Web Anti-Malware ( WAM ) server security technology .
It 's called mod anti-malware lite and the basic idea is that it will identify and block / redirect malware on a server .
Dasient announced their core technology in June , but the new part in my view , is the open source aspect .
Dasient is not open sourcing their whole product , instead it 's just the ' lite ' version - the difference between the lite and the full version is that the lite version does not actually remove the detected malware , but it does enable a server admin to put up a page that can redirect users away from the issue .
I spoke with Dasient founders Neil Daswani and Ameet Ranadive and asked them why they open sourced mod anti-malware .
Their answer ( to me ) sounded like they were using open source as a ' trial - mode ' channel of distribution as opposed to a method of development .
But they are open to community participation .
Here is what they said .
" This is our first step into the open source world , " Daswani told InternetNews.com .
"
We 're doing it mostly so web hosting providers and other sites can try it out .
If people have interest in helping us build it out we 're more then happy to work with them . "
The other key question that I had for Dasient was how their technology is different than say the mod_security Web Application Firewall ( WAF ) , that is also open source .
All we can say for the moment is that no specific genes identifying particular talents have been found .
It 's possible that they will be ; scientists could yet find the piano - playing gene or investing gene or accounting gene .
But they have n't so far , and doing so could be a long shot .
The most one could say is that if genes exert any influence , it would seem to be much less than the whole explanation for achieving the highest levels of performance .
So if specific , inborn talent does n't explain high achievement , what does ?
Researchers have converged on an answer .
It 's something they call " deliberate practice , " but watch out - it is n't what most of us think of as practice , nor does it boil down to a simplistic practice - makes - perfect explanation .
It is n't just hard work , either .
Deliberate practice is a specific and unique kind of activity , neither work nor play .
It 's characterized by several elements that together form a powerful whole .
The greatest performers have consistently combined these elements , sometimes just by luck .
But now that researchers have decoded the pattern , the path to top performance is becoming much more accessible .
The elements of deliberate practice are each worth examining :
1 ) Deliberate practice is designed specifically to improve performance .
The key word is " designed . "
The essence of deliberate practice is continually stretching an individual just beyond his or her current abilities .
That may sound obvious , but most of us do n't do it in the activities we think of as practice .
At the driving range or at the piano , most of us are just doing what we 've done before and hoping to maintain the level of performance that we probably reached long ago .
By contrast , deliberate practice requires that one identify certain sharply defined elements of performance that need to be improved , and then work intently on them .
Tiger Woods - intensely applying this principle , which is no secret among pro golfers - has been seen to drop golf balls into a sand trap and step on them , then practice shots from that near - impossible lie .
The great performers isolate remarkably specific aspects of what they do and focus on just those things until they 're improved ; then it's on to the next aspect .
In most fields , years of study have produced a body of knowledge about how performance is developed and improved , and full - time teachers generally possess that knowledge .
At least in the early going , therefore , and sometimes long after , it 's almost always necessary for a teacher to design the activity best suited to improve an individual 's performance .
It 's striking how many great performers had fathers who started designing their practice activities at early ages ; Tiger , Picasso , and Mozart are perfect examples .
So is the New York Giants ' Super Bowl MVP quarterback , Eli Manning , whose father , Archie , was a successful NFL quarterback .
Archie was always ready with instruction for Eli ( and for his brother Peyton , Super Bowl - winning quarterback of the Indianapolis Colts ) .
Eli always seemed clear that intense practice was key .
According to a new biography , Eli Manning : The Making of a Quarterback , " Eli never bought into the gene theory . "
In some fields , especially intellectual ones such as the arts , science , and business , people may eventually become skilled enough to design their own practice .
But anyone who thinks he 's outgrown the benefits of a teacher 's help should at least question that view .
There 's a reason the world 's best golfers still go to teachers .
2 ) Deliberate practice can be repeated a lot .
High repetition is the most important difference between deliberate practice of a task and performing the task for real , when it counts .
Tiger Woods may face that buried lie in the sand only two or three times in a season , and if those were his only opportunities to work on that shot , he'd blow it just as you and I do .
Repeating a specific activity over and over is what people usually mean by practice , yet it is n't especially effective .
Two points distinguish deliberate practice from what most of us actually do .
One is the choice of a properly demanding activity just beyond our current abilities .
The other is the amount of repetition .
Top performers repeat their practice activities to stultifying extent .
Ted Williams , baseball 's greatest hitter , would practice hitting until his hands bled .
Pete Maravich , whose college basketball records still stand after more than 30 years , would go to the gym when it opened in the morning and shoot baskets until it closed at night .
3 ) Feedback on results is continuously available .
Obvious , yet not nearly as simple as it might seem , especially when results require interpretation .
You may think that your rehearsal of a job interview was flawless , but your opinion is n't what counts .
Or you may believe you played that bar of the Brahms violin concerto perfectly , but can you really trust your own judgment ?
In many important situations , a teacher , coach , or mentor is vital for providing crucial feedback .
4 ) It 's highly demanding mentally .
Deliberate practice is above all an effort of focus and concentration .
That is what makes it " deliberate , " as distinct from the mindless playing of scales or hitting of tennis balls that most people engage in .
Continually seeking exactly those elements of performance that are unsatisfactory and then trying one 's hardest to make them better places enormous strains on anyone 's mental abilities .
Fashionable super-MILF
Meredith Vieira loves to sport those foxy pants suits that all the mature , progressive women are wearing these days , so imagine her horror at the notion of appearing on Today in some kind of hideous yellow prairie shift .
Wait , you do n't have to !
The lady who sexys up the Roker / Lauer couch ( unless your tastes run to exotic dish Ann Curry ) gets all Brüno on a guest who dared to wear such rags .
A divorced woman and her daughter come home to find that her boyfriend has left for an out of town job with no warning .
This has happened before .
The second surprise comes in the form of another actor who has sublet the apartment from her boyfriend ( who did not mention the pair of females who would be in residence ) .
After some negotiation the two decide to share the apartment even though she has vowed to stay away from actors .
Written by John Vogel < jlvogel@comcast.net >
Updated 07/24/09 , 9 a.m. PDT : Zdziarski taped videos demonstrating iPhone 3GS disk extraction , as well as removal of PIN and backup encryption passcodes .
Both are embedded below the jump .
Apple claims that hundreds of thousands of iPhones are being used by corporations and government agencies .
What it wo n't tell you is that the supposedly enterprise - friendly encryption included with the iPhone 3GS is so weak it can be cracked in two minutes with a few pieces of readily available freeware .
" It is kind of like storing all your secret messages right next to the secret decoder ring , " said Jonathan Zdziarski , an iPhone developer and a hacker who teaches forensics courses on recovering data from iPhones .
" I do n't think any of us [ developers ] have ever seen encryption implemented so poorly before , which is why it 's hard to describe why it 's such a big threat to security . "
With its easy - to - use interface and wealth of applications available for download , the iPhone may be the most attractive smartphone yet for business use .
Many companies seem to agree :
In Apple 's quarterly earnings conference call Tuesday , Apple chief operating officer Tim Cook said almost 20 percent of Fortune 100 companies have purchased 10,000 or more iPhones apiece ; multiple corporations and government organizations have purchased 25,000 iPhones each ; and the iPhone has been approved in more than 300 higher education institutions .
But contrary to Apple 's claim that the new iPhone 3GS is more enterprise friendly ( for reference , see Apple 's security overview for iPhone in business [ pdf ] ) , the new iPhone 3GS ' encryption feature is " broken " when it comes to protecting sensitive information such as credit card numbers and social - security digits , Zdziarski said .
Zdziarski said it 's just as easy to access a user 's private information on an iPhone 3GS as it was on the previous generation iPhone 3G or first generation iPhone , both of which did n't feature encryption .
If a thief got his hands on an iPhone , a little bit of free software is all that 's needed to tap into all of the user 's content .
Live data can be extracted in as little as two minutes , and an entire raw disk image can be made in about 45 minutes , Zdziarski said .
Wondering where the encryption comes into play ?
It does n't .
Strangely , once one begins extracting data from an iPhone 3GS , the iPhone begins to decrypt the data on its own , he said .
To steal an iPhone 's disk image , hackers can use popular jailbreaking tools such as Red Sn0w and Purple Ra1n to install a custom kernel on the phone .
Then , the thief can install a Secure Shell ( SSH ) client to port the iPhone 's raw disk image across SSH onto a computer .
To demonstrate the technique , Zdziarski established a screenshare with Wired.com , and he was able to tap into an iPhone 3GS ' data with a few easy steps .
The encryption did not pose any hindrance .
Nonetheless , professionals using the iPhone for business do n't seem to care , or know , about the device 's encryption weakness .
" We 're seeing growing interest with the release of iPhone 3.0 and the iPhone 3GS due in part to the new hardware encryption and improved security policies , " Cook said during Apple 's earnings call .
" The phone is particularly doing well with small businesses and large organizations . "
Clearly , the gigantic offering of iPhone applications is luring these business groups .
Quickoffice Mobile , for example , enables users to access and edit Microsoft Word or Excel files on their iPhone .
For handling transactions , merchants can use apps such as Accept Credit Cards to process a credit card on an iPhone anywhere with a Wi-Fi or cellular connection .
Several employees of Halton Company , an industrial equipment provider , are using iPhones for work , according to Lance Kidd , former chief information officer of the company .
He said the large number of applications available for the iPhone make it worthy of risk - taking .
" Your organization has to be culturally ready to accept a certain degree of risk , " Kidd said .
" I can say we 've secured everything as tight as a button , but that wo n't be true ....
Our culture is such that our general manager is saying , ' I 'm willing to take the risk for the value of the applications . ' "
Kidd noted that Halton employees are not using iPhones for holding confidential customer information , but rather for basic tasks such as e-mailing and engaging with clients via social networking sites such as Facebook and Twitter .
Halton also plans to code apps strictly for use at the company , Kidd said .
According to Kidd , a security expert performed an evaluation of Halton , and he said it was possible for any hacker to find an infiltration no matter the level of security .
Therefore , Halton has measures in place to respond to an information security threat rather than attempt to avoid it .
" It 's like business continuity , " Kidd said .
" You prepare for disasters .
You prepare for if there 's an earthquake and the building breaks down , and you prepare for if there 's a crack in [ information ] security . "
But Zdziarski stands firm that the iPhone 's software versatility is n't worth the risk for use in the workforce .
He said sensitive information is bound to appear in e-mails or anything that can be contained on the iPhone 's disk , which can be easily extracted by thieves thanks to the new handset 's shoddy encryption .
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kHdNoKIZUCw
Zdziarski said it 's up to the app developers to add an extra level of security to their apps because Apple 's encryption feature is so poor .
" If they 're relying on Apple 's security , then their application is going to be terribly insecure , " he said .
" Apple may be technically correct that [ the iPhone 3GS ] has an encryption piece in it , but it 's entirely useless toward security . "
He added that the ability for the iPhone to self - erase itself remotely using Apple 's MobileMe service is n't very helpful , either :
Any reasonably intelligent criminal would remove the SIM card to prevent the remote - wipe command from coming through .
( In a past Wired.com report , Zdziarski said the iPhone 's remote - wiping ability pales in comparison to Research In Motion 's BlackBerry , which can self - delete automatically after the phone has been inactive on the network for a preset amount of time . )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wS3AMbXRLs
On top of that , the iPhone is n't well protected in general usability , said John Casasanta , founder of iPhone development company Tap Tap Tap .
He said though Apple 's approval process scans for malicious code , a developer could easily tweak the app to send a user 's personal data , such as his contacts list , over the network without his knowing .
" Apple can see if something is blatantly doing something malicious in the approval process , but it would n't be very hard to do something behind the scenes , " Casasanta said .
Evidently , it is n't difficult to sneak unauthorized content into the App Store .
In May , Wired.com reported on an exploit demonstrated by the iPhone app Lyrics .
Apple initially rejected the app because it contained profane words , and then Lyrics ' developer snuck the profanity into the app with a hidden Easter egg .
Apple then approved the application .
Zdziarski added that there are other weaknesses with the iPhone : Pressing the Home button , and even zooming in on a screen , automatically creates a screenshot temporarily stored in the iPhone 's memory , which can be accessed later .
And then there 's the keyboard cache : key strokes logged in a file on the phone , which can contain information such as credit card numbers or confidential messages typed in Safari .
Cached keyboard text can be recovered from a device dating back a year or more , Zdziarski said .
Though Apple has declined to comment on iPhone security issues , the company has more or less admitted iPhones are vulnerable to security threats , because an emergency measure exists .
In August 2008 , Apple CEO Steve Jobs acknowledged the existence of a remote kill switch for iPhone apps , meaning if a malicious app made its way onto iPhones , Apple could trigger a command to delete the app from users ' devices .
There is no evidence that the kill switch has ever been used .
So , what kind of business should you do with an iPhone if the device is not very secure ?
Zdziarski said there are some business - savvy apps that have managed to integrate better security ( such as secure data fields to prevent key - stroke logging of credit card numbers , for example ) , but he warned companies to be cautious about investing too much trust in the iPhone and the apps available for it .
" We 're going to have to go with the old imperative of ' Trust no one , ' " he said .
" And unfortunately part of that is , do n't trust Apple . "
See Also :
Photo : Jon Snyder / Wired.com
Personally , if a reviewer has been disappointed in a book of mine for good literary reasons , I always try to say " you ca n't like everything " the next time I happen to see them , and maintain good relations .
As for the sort of embittered hack who has never published anything , and can't understand why she 's reviewing one 's brilliant novel about Sheffield and not the other way round , the best course of action is carefully to get her name wrong in print and say , sorrowfully , " Sexually frustrated , poor her " the very next time one finds oneself on stage with a microphone .
Author Topic :
Who will be the 500th person in space ?
thump
Member Posts : 575
From : washington dc usa
Registered : May 2004 posted 12-18-2007 09:53 AM
If my math is correct , we now have had 467 people to go into space .
So who will be # 500 ?
cspg
Member Posts : 6210
From : Geneva , Switzerland
Registered : May 2006 posted
12-18-2007 10:02 AM
Glad my record matches yours !
Delta7
Member Posts : 1505
From : Bluffton IN USA
Registered : Oct 2007 posted 12-18-2007 10:08 AM
Too soon to tell exactly .
IF the current schedule holds , with current rookie assignments , AND assuming the Chinese launch their 3rd manned flight next year with 3 rookies , it should happen during STS - 127 , STS - 128 , or Soyuz TMA - 14 , all currently scheduled for the 1st quarter of 2009 .
Currently , first - time fliers tentatively scheduled on those launches are Timothy Kopra ( STS - 127 ) ; Nicole Stott ( STS - 128 ) , and Michael Barratt ( Soyuz TMA - 14 ) .
There likely will be a few more rookies assigned to those missions once complete crew assignments are made , so it might not be one single crewmember you can point to .
Robert Pearlman
Editor Posts : 42988
From : Houston , TX
Registered : Nov 1999 posted
12-18-2007 10:12 AM
Here 's what we know so far : 468 .
Alan Poindexter
469 . Stanley Love
470 . Leland Melvin
471 . Gregory H. Johnson
472 . Michael Foreman
473 . Robert Behnken
474 . Garrett Reisman
475 . Sergei Volkov
477 . Oleg Kononenko
478 . San Ko
479 . Kenneth Ham
480 . Karen Nyberg
481 . Ronald Garan
482 . Akihiko Hoshide
483 . Gregory Chamitoff
484 . Gregory C. Johnson
485 . Michael Good
486 . Megan McArthur
487 . Andrew Feustel
488 . Richard Garriott
489 . Eric Boe
490 . Stephen Bowen
491 . Robert Kimbrough
492 . Dominic Antonelli
493 . Joseph Acaba
494 . Richard Arnold FFrench
Member Posts : 3161
From : San Diego
Registered : Feb 2002 posted 12-18-2007 12:26 PM
Out of curiosity here , what is your definition of " in space " ?
Are you including the SpaceShipOne and X - 15 pilots who made it above 100 km , and the additional X - 15 pilots who gained Air Force astronaut wings for going above 50 miles ?
There is some ambiguity about where to draw the line .
Delta7
Member Posts : 1505
From : Bluffton IN USA
Registered : Oct 2007 posted 12-18-2007 12:27 PM
If it does come down to a single individual , the most likely candidates are the handful of Astronauts who have n't yet been assigned to a flight .
T. J. Creamer and Shannon Walker are tentatively assigned to ISS backup crews around that period .
Those that could be assigned to STS - 127 or 128 are : Kevin Ford
Doug Hurley
Terry Virts
Barry Wilmore
Randy Bresnick
Chris Cassidy
James Dutton
Jose Hernandez
Tom Marshburn
Dorothy Metcalf - Lindenburger
Robert Satcher
As I mentioned in my previous post , Timothy Kopra and Nicole Stott are slated for launch on STS - 127 and 128 respectively .
JAXA Astronauts Satoshi Furokawa and Naoko Yamazaki are also possibilities .
It 's not likely to be a cosmonaut , since the only one tentatively scheduled for launch around that period is veteran Gennadi Padalka ( although his backup is rookie Maxim Suraev ) .
There 's also the 3rd seat on Soyuz TMA - 14 , which could be filled by a Spaceflight Participant or a rookie cosmonaut .
mjanovec
Member Posts : 3811
From : Midwest , USA
Registered : Jul 2005 posted 12-18-2007 01:33 PM
If a shuttle with seven people aboard makes it into space , carrying space travelers 496- 502 into space , who on board gets counted as being No. 500 ?
The fifth - ranking crew member ?
Or the fifth crew member to physically pass through the imaginary plane that represents space , based on their physical location on board the orbiter ?
In the end , for me , numbers such as 500 are meaningless ... because they assign importance to non-important milestones , based on some round - number .
Do we celebrate every 100th space traveler ?
Do we wait until the 1000th to make a big deal out of it ?
For me , the only number that really was important was who was first in space .
After that , I prefer to assign importance to the accomplishments made while in space .
If the 523rd person in space does something truly remarkable on their mission , I 'd prefer them to remembered much more than the 500th person in space ... assuming , of course , that 500th person did nothing truly unique or remarkable during their flight , other than they just happened to get assigned the tag of being " No. 500 . "
FFrench
Member Posts : 3161
From : San Diego
Registered : Feb 2002 posted 12-18-2007 01:35 PM
quote : Originally posted by Mjanovec :
If a shuttle with seven people aboard makes it into space , carrying space travelers 496- 502 into space , who on board gets counted as being No. 500 ?
That would require a shuttle crew comprising seven rookies , which will never happen .
Robert Pearlman
Editor Posts : 42988
From : Houston , TX
Registered : Nov 1999 posted 12-18-2007 03:23 PM
quote : Originally posted by FFrench :
Are you including the SpaceShipOne and X - 15 pilots who made it above 100 km , and the additional X - 15 pilots who gained Air Force astronaut wings for going above 50 miles ?
The 467 - count includes everyone who made it above 62 miles per the FAI definition of where space begins .
Thus , SpaceShipOne 's two pilots are included , as is Joseph Walker , but not X - 15 pilots who only 50 miles .
mjanovec
Member Posts : 3811
From : Midwest , USA
Registered : Jul 2005 posted 12-18-2007 03:47 PM
quote : Originally posted by FFrench :
That would require a shuttle crew comprising seven rookies , which will never happen .
Ah yes , you 're correct .
My example was n't fully thought over .
A better example would be a shuttle crew with three veterans and four rookies , who comprise the 498th , 499th , 500th , and 501st people into space .
How is the number decided ... by rank , physical position on the ship , or some other criteria ?
Is there any indication out there that some , if not all , astronauts pay attention to their " number " in the space - flown tally ?
I 'd be curious to ask an astronaut " what 's your number " and see if he / she knows that answer ( ... or if they even care ) .
Robert Pearlman
Editor Posts : 42988
From : Houston , TX
Registered : Nov 1999 posted 12-18-2007 03:58 PM
quote : Originally posted by mjanovec :
How is the number decided ... by rank , physical position on the ship , or some other criteria ?
Is there any indication out there that some , if not all , astronauts pay attention to their " number " in the space - flown tally ?
STS - 122 will launch the 300th American to fly in space and as such , I took the opportunity to question three candidates for the record ( Poindexter , Love and Melvin ) both during their crew news conference and later , during one - on - one interviews with each .
The answers to both your questions were quite interesting for their insight and disparity among crewmembers .
( Had STS - 122 already launched , I could point you to their replies , but you 'll just need to wait for liftoff and our launch article for their answers . )
spaceman1953
Member Posts : 953
From : South Bend , IN
Registered : Apr 2002 posted 12-18-2007 06:54 PM
I think the 500th person designation IS significant ... how it is " counted " so the designation is made will probably be up to NASA .
I am sure MANY people will want that person 's autograph to be noted " 500th person to fly into space " .
FFrench
Member Posts : 3161
From : San Diego
Registered : Feb 2002 posted 12-18-2007 07:11 PM
quote : Originally posted by Robert :
The 467 - count includes everyone who made it above 62 miles per the FAI definition of where space begins .
Thus , SpaceShipOne 's two pilots are included , as is Joseph Walker , but not X - 15 pilots who only reached 50 miles .
I see - thanks .
So , if you were to include those who went above 50 miles and received Air Force astronaut wings ( as some history book lists do , and I can certainly see the argument - especially as Mike Adams gave his life to do so ) , that would include : Bob White , Robert Rushworth , Jack McKay , Bill Dana , Pete Knight , Mike Adams and Joe Engle .
Engle later made it onto your list ( albeit much further down the numbers ) with his shuttle flights .
Which means the 500th person in space would come 6 people earlier than the count given above .
There 's a good case here that we might have more than one contender .
Mjanovec , I certainly see your point about why it might be important .
I think the individual might not be as important as the general psychological milestone - to know that 500 people have made that journey sounds pretty impressive ...
Robert Pearlman
Editor Posts : 42988
From : Houston , TX
Registered : Nov 1999 posted 12-18-2007 08:03 PM
quote : Originally posted by FFrench :
if you were to include those who went above 50 miles
Without in anyway disparaging the admirable flights those pilots made , I think they need to be excluded from this count .
If I am not mistaken , the first X - 15 flight above 50 miles was made in July 1962 , more than a year after the FAI definition of 62 miles was applied to Gagarin 's Vostok 1 mission , a record that the U.S. recognized .
That the Air Force decided to award wings for lower altitude flights was commendable at the time ( as was NASA 's own ceremonial award of wings to its own pilots 40 years later ) but were individual countries allowed to reset the boundary at will , however arbitrary that line between earth and space might be , than the title of astronaut or cosmonaut or taikonaut would quickly lose its meaning .
Further , were any pilot to reach 50 miles today -- for example were any of Rutan 's SpaceShipOne flights not to have successfully reached 62 miles -- I tend to doubt that any organization would recognize their pilots as having reached space .
FFrench
Member Posts : 3161
From : San Diego
Registered : Feb 2002 posted
12-18-2007 10:28 PM
That is indeed probably the most rational way to go , as there has to be a commonly decided definition , and that 's the internationally decided one .
I have to wonder about this , though , as both the 50 mile and 100 kilometer ( 62 mile ) choices read like nice round numbers decided for convenience , rather than any particularly scientific positioning of what is of course a very difficult " boundary " to assess .
If 50 miles up is essentially space conditions , or at least little different than 62 miles , then in some ways that should count for more than the convenience of a nice round number .
I believe 50 miles is on the border between thermsosphere and mesosphere , so probably not that much difference in conditions to 12 miles further up ?
Anyway , this is a little off - topic .
I do , recall , however , a conversation I had with Joe Engle when he told me he considered his first space flight to be in the X - 15 , not the shuttle .
cspg
Member Posts : 6210
From : Geneva , Switzerland
Registered : May 2006 posted 12-19-2007 01:05 AM
quote : Originally posted by Robert Pearlman :
The 467 - count includes everyone who made it above 62 miles per the FAI definition of where space begins .
Thus , SpaceShipOne 's two pilots are included , as is Joseph Walker , but not X - 15 pilots who only 50 miles .
Not according to my records which also shows 467 people to have flown in space .
My records include all manned spaceflights including STS - 51L but does not include any X - 15 flights or Spaceship One .
The total would then be 470 .
Francis is correct to ask the question regarding the definition of an astronaut : earning an astronaut 's wings does n't qualify that person to be an astronaut - had Shepard and Grissom not made a second " real " spaceflight ( as opposed to a sub- orbital one ) , they would n't be included in my records .
Astronauts are people involved in a nation 's space program ( fully trained for orbital flights , hence 51 - L in my records ) and / or who have achieved orbital velocity .
The X - 15 and Spaceship
One did not accomplish that and it's not being planned for years to come .
Robert Pearlman
Editor Posts : 42988
From : Houston , TX
Registered : Nov 1999 posted 12-19-2007 08:49 AM
quote : Originally posted by cspg :
Astronauts are people involved in a nation 's space program ( fully trained for orbital flights , hence 51 - L in my records ) and / or who have achieved orbital velocity .
Regardless the title they are given ( e.g. astronaut , civilian astronaut , test pilot , etc. ) , the SS1 and X - 15 pilots entered by space based on the internationally - accepted definition .
Therefore , they are appropriate for inclusion in a count of how many people have been in space ( whereas the STS - 51L first time flyers would not ) .
Robert Pearlman
Editor Posts : 42988
From : Houston , TX
Registered : Nov 1999 posted 12-19-2007 08:56 AM
quote : Originally posted by FFrench :
I have to wonder about this , though , as both the 50 mile and 100 kilometer ( 62 mile ) choices read like nice round numbers decided for convenience , rather than any particularly scientific positioning of what is of course a very difficult " boundary " to assess .
The 62 mile ( 100 km ) boundary accepted by the FAI is defined as the Karman separation line , after Theodore von Karman , who proposed that above 62 miles , the air is so thin that a vehicle must travel at greater than orbital speed to stay aloft .
cspg
Member Posts : 6210
From : Geneva , Switzerland
Registered : May 2006 posted 12-19-2007 10:41 AM
Then the FAI is wrong .
It 's not 467 but 470 .
They set the rules and they can't count ?
I 'll stick with my definition .
It 's 467 .
Robert Pearlman
Editor Posts : 42988
From : Houston , TX
Registered : Nov 1999 posted 12-19-2007 10:53 AM
quote : Originally posted by cspg :
I 'll stick with my definition .
It 's 467 .
By the FAI definition , it is 467 .
The only difference ( as I understand it ) between your list and theirs , is that you substitute the three SS1 / X - 15 pilots for the three first - time flyers on STS - 51L .
FFrench
Member Posts : 3161
From : San Diego
Registered : Feb 2002 posted 12-19-2007 12:06 PM
quote : Originally posted by Robert Pearlman :
The 62 mile ( 100 km ) boundary accepted by the FAI is defined as the Kármán separation line , after Theodore von Kármán , who proposed that above 62 miles , the air is so thin that a vehicle must travel at greater than orbital speed to stay aloft .
Yes , thanks , I 'm aware of that .
It was decided in the mid-1950s , before the X - 15 and other vehicles that explored this boundary flew .
And , according to the page you link to , it was indeed finalized because it was an easy number to remember : " the altitude decided upon had a very uneasy number to remember .
It was apparently von Kármán himself who realised , and proposed to the rest , the very round number of 100 km ( very close to the calculated number ) .
The rest of the people eagerly accepted it .
" It is , also , just one of many possible numbers .
As I mentioned , of the scientifically - used boundaries between atmospheric layers , none fall at 63 miles .
Another logical one would be at around 75 miles up which , I have read , is where the effect of atmospheric drag generally becomes noticeable on most re-entering space vehicles .
Please note , I am not disagreeing that there have to be official lines drawn when there are going to be official lists and records - and , when the possibilities are examined , von Kármán 's boundary has many advantages - one of which is that it is the most commonly and officially accepted .
I 'd hope , however , that it is recognized that setting such an official boundary is like trying to draw a line around a cloud - there is plenty of room for debate and interpretation .
And , perhaps most importantly , if a history book chose to state something like , for example , Mike Adams was a space mission fatality in 1967 , with his tragic loss on re-entry from a 50.3 - mile - high mission in the X - 15 , this would not be dismissed as simply " wrong , " but rather another viewpoint with some plausible supporting evidence .
Evidently the Astronaut Memorial Foundation thought so .
Adams ' name is on the space mirror memorial at KSC .
Robert Pearlman
Editor Posts : 42988
From : Houston , TX
Registered : Nov 1999 posted 12-19-2007 12:14 PM
quote : Originally posted by FFrench :
Evidently the Astronaut Memorial Foundation thought so .
Adams ' name is on the space mirror memorial at KSC .
Just minor point , but a spaceflight is not a prerequisite for inclusion on the memorial , as evident by the three STS - 51L crewmembers , nor is it necessary to have been on a flight destined for space , as represented by Bassett , See , Williams , Lawrence and Carter ( and why Givens ' absence is so regrettable ) .
I agree though , that discussion of Adams record can be considered a spaceflight under the confines of the US Air Force definition .
However , for the purposes of comparison against the wider international community of space explorers , I believe he is excluded .
FFrench
Member Posts : 3161
From : San Diego
Registered : Feb 2002 posted 12-19-2007 10:11 PM
quote : Originally posted by Robert :
a spaceflight is not a prerequisite for inclusion on the memorial , as evident by the three STS - 51L crewmembers , nor is it necessary to have been on a flight destined for space , as represented by Bassett , See , Williams , Lawrence and Carter .
Very true .
I wonder , however , under what guidelines he would have been included on the astronaut mirror if not for his flight above 50 miles and thus a USAF astronaut designation .
He was neither a NASA astronaut in training , nor flying a training vehicle while in a different astronaut program ( such as Lawrence ) .
Those are the guidelines that I understand to be the reason Givens - the only fatality of the 1960s not flying a training vehicle at the time - is excluded from consideration .
The only other reason I can imagine is that he had previously been an MOL pilot selectee , who chose to drop out to fly the X - 15 instead .
But then , if former astronaut candidates were included who later died in air accidents considered to be non-space flights , Griggs and Overmyer would also be on the mirror .
So I keep coming back to his X - 15 flight being considered a space flight by the selection committee .
Unless someone here knows otherwise ?
Robert Pearlman
Editor Posts : 42988
From : Houston , TX
Registered : Nov 1999 posted 12-19-2007 10:23 PM
quote : Originally posted by FFrench :
Unless someone here knows otherwise ?
The AMF website includes a brief biography for each person they honor on the mirror .
Adams ' entry is concluded as follows : Michael J. Adams made the ultimate sacrifice and lost his life in service to the nation and the space program on November 15 , 1967 at 37 years of age .
They do make note of the altitude he attained but not in any way that a casual reader would notice the distinction ( the altitude is listed in feet ) .
FFrench
Member Posts : 3161
From : San Diego
Registered : Feb 2002 posted 12-19-2007 10:35 PM
Thanks Robert - " lost his life in service ... to the space program " certainly suggests one viewpoint , although open to interpretation ... this has been an interesting conversation .
MrSpace86
Member Posts : 1618
From : Gardner , KS , USA
Registered : Feb 2003 posted 02-04-2008 07:34 PM
I count 466 in my book of autographs .
I do not count any X - 15 pilots but I do count SpaceShipOne and STS - 51L .
I was going to change it to not include 51 L but that would have required me to go back through hundreds of autographs and relabel almost ALL of them , so I just left it at 466 .
Same would happen if I decided to add Joe Walker .
In the end , I think the 500th space traveler will be left to opinion .
It is however you have organized your tally and where you consider space starts .
Robert Pearlman
Editor Posts : 42988
From : Houston , TX
Registered : Nov 1999 posted 02-04-2008 08:11 PM
Based on a count that includes anyone who has flown above the internationally - set 62 miles , here 's what we know so far ...
2008 STS - 122 :
468 . Alan Poindexter
469 . Stanley Love
470 . Leland Melvin STS - 123 :
471 . Gregory H. Johnson
472 . Michael Foreman
473 . Robert Behnken
474 . Garrett Reisman Soyuz TMA -12
475 . Sergei Volkov
476 . Oleg Kononenko
477 . Soyeon Yi STS - 124 :
478 . Kenneth Ham
479 . Karen Nyberg
480 . Ronald Garan
481 . Akihiko Hoshide
482 . Gregory Chamitoff STS - 125 :
483 . Gregory C. Johnson
484 . Michael Good
485 . Megan McArthur
486 . Andrew Feustel Soyuz TMA - 13 :
487 . Richard Garriott STS - 126 :
488 . Eric Boe
489 . Stephen Bowen
490 . Robert Kimbrough 2009 STS - 119 :
491 . Dominic Antonelli
492 . Joseph Acaba
493 . Richard Arnold STS - 127 :
494 . Douglas Hurley
495 . Christopher Cassidy
496 . Thomas Marshburn
497 . Timothy Kopra
At this point , we do n't know who else might be assigned to the following crews ( or later flights ) but there are other rookies said to be assigned : Soyuz TMA - 14 :
498 . Michael Barratt STS - 128 :
###. Nicole Stott Soyuz TMA - 16 :
###. Mikhail Kornienko
###. Roman Romanenko 2010 Soyuz TMA - 17 :
###. Maxim Surayev
###. Timothy Creamer
And then , of course , there is Shenzhou VII , currently targeted for launch before STS - 127 , and SpaceShipTwo test flights scheduled to begin in 2009 ...
Ben
Member Posts : 1896
From : Cape Canaveral , FL
Registered : May 2000 posted 02-04-2008 09:10 PM
The number is indeed currently 467 above 100 km and 464 to have orbited .
Bill Harwood maintains an unofficial list which names them .
Robert Pearlman
Editor Posts : 42988
From : Houston , TX
Registered : Nov 1999 posted 02-04-2008 09:16 PM
quote : Originally posted by MrSpace86 :
I count 466 in my book of autographs .
I do not count any X - 15 pilots but I do count SpaceShipOne and STS - 51L .
Setting aside your reasons ( to which of course , you are , entitled ) , I am having trouble seeing how you reach 466 .
If the only differences between your list and the FAI list are X - 15 ( Walker ) and STS - 51L ( Smith , Jarvis and McAuliffe ) how is your list just one less than the FAI 's at 467 ?
Should n't yours be 469 ?
MrSpace86
Member Posts : 1618
From : Gardner , KS , USA
Registered : Feb 2003 posted 02-05-2008 07:55 AM
quote : Originally posted by Robert Pearlman :
Should n't yours be 469 ?
Hmmm ... I do n't know .
I will take a look at it later on today and get back to you .
I am confused now !
MrSpace86
Member Posts : 1618
From : Gardner , KS , USA
Registered : Feb 2003 posted 02-05-2008 02:02 PM
I went by Michael Wright 's count of 476 .
He includes all the X - 15 pilots .
I take those guys out : 1 ) Robert White
2 ) Joe Walker
3 ) Robert Rushworth
4 ) John McKay
5 ) Bill Dana
6 ) Pete Knight
7 ) Mike Adams
And I am dumb and forgot that I took out the 51L astronauts a LONG time ago when I first started compiling the list to get :
8 ) Mike Smith
9 ) Christa McAuliffe
10 ) Greg Jarvis
And that is how I come to 466 .
I create a paradox by including SS1 and not the X - 15 ( at least Joe Walker 's flight ) but I guess I am just a little different .
Ignore my above few posts where I said I included 51L .
Thank you for pointing it out ... my mind is not there sometimes !
KSCartist
Member Posts : 2896
From : Titusville , FL USA
Registered : Feb 2005 posted 02-05-2008 03:16 PM
Rodrigo , it 's your list so it's all good but I am confused why the SS1 guys qualify but the X - 15 guys do n't .
It just seems to me that their flight profiles are very similar .
Robert Pearlman
Editor Posts : 42988
From : Houston , TX
Registered : Nov 1999 posted 02-07-2008 04:57 PM
quote : Originally posted by Robert Pearlman :
( Had STS - 122 already launched , I could point you to their replies , but you 'll just need to wait for liftoff and our launch article for their answers . )
Their replies ( and our launch article ) has now been published .
Ben
Member Posts : 1896
From : Cape Canaveral , FL
Registered : May 2000 posted 02-08-2008 07:35 PM
An interesting fact I realized that I felt was worth noting : Joe Walker is the first person to have gone into space twice , and not Grissom as many sources say .
machbusterman
Member Posts : 1778
From : Dunfermline , Fife , Scotland
Registered : May 2004 posted
02-10-2008 03:10 AM
I just do n't get how you can exclude the X - 15 pilots and their astronaut flights .
NASA has recognized that Dana , McKay and Walker as astronauts by the presentation of astronaut wings at a ceremony at Dryden in 2005 .
Along with White , Rushworth , Engle , Knight and Adams that makes 8 of the 12 X - 15 pilots having made sub-orbital astronaut flights in the X - 15 .
If you exclude all X - 15 flights that did not reach the FAI required 62 miles or 100 km and include the SS1 astronaut flights but not include Walker 's record altitude of 354 , 200 feet that I cannot understand .
As an side , had he not perished in the XB - 70 / F - 104 mid-air accident we may well have been celebrating Joe Walker 's 87th birthday on February 20th ... along with celebrating the 46th anniversary of John Glenn 's flight in Friendship 7 .
Robert Pearlman
Editor Posts : 42988
From : Houston , TX
Registered : Nov 1999 posted
02-10-2008 09:35 AM
The FAI rule , however arbitrary its definition might be , was recognized by the U.S. and Soviet Union before the X - 15 flew .
NASA astronauts ( as well as Soviet cosmonauts ) received FAI certificates for their flight records , and ( at least ) the USSR took direct actions in order to qualify for those records .
Under the FAI definition , Walker and the SS1 pilots Melvill and Binnie are included in the count , while the other X - 15 pilots are excluded as they did not reach 62 miles ( with the exception of Engle , of course , who later entered space on STS - 2 ) .
That the U.S. Air Force chose to draw the line lower and award astronaut wings based on their own definition was its own choice .
That NASA decided to honor the achievements of their pilots in a similar fashion was commendable .
However , as the rest of the world does not consider 50 miles as the boundary between earth and space , it not a common border and therefore cannot be used as a measuring stick when considering all space explorers worldwide and throughout history .
Philip
Member Posts : 5952
From : Brussels , Belgium
Registered : Jan 2001 posted
02-11-2008 11:07 AM
Could it be Belgian Frank DeWinne who was selected for his 2nd mission on - board ISS for May 2009 for a long duration mission of 6 months .
Robert Pearlman
Editor Posts : 42988
From : Houston , TX
Registered : Nov 1999 posted
02-11-2008 11:22 AM
quote : Originally posted by Philip :
... for his 2nd mission
By definition then , no : the count is based on first flights into space .
Only rookies would be eligible for the 500th person title .
( De Winne is , according to SpaceFacts.de , number 424 . )
Robert Pearlman
Editor Posts : 42988
From : Houston , TX
Registered : Nov 1999 posted 03-01-2009 11:35 AM
As of today , the 500th person in space ( as defined by international standards ) will be aboard STS - 127 .
Updating the chart I posted last February for what actually happened in 2008 and what will now happen in 2009 : 2008 STS - 122 :
468 . Alan Poindexter
469 . Stanley Love
470 . Leland Melvin STS - 123 :
471 . Gregory H. Johnson
472 . Michael Foreman
473 . Robert Behnken
474 . Garrett Reisman Soyuz TMA -12
475 . Sergei Volkov
476 . Oleg Kononenko
477 . Soyeon Yi STS - 124 :
478 . Kenneth Ham
479 . Karen Nyberg
480 . Ronald Garan
481 . Akihiko Hoshide
482 . Gregory Chamitoff Shenzhou VII :
483 : Zhai Zhigang
484 : Liu Boming
485 : Jing Haipeng Soyuz TMA - 13 :
486 : Richard Garriott STS - 126 :
487 : Eric Boe
488 : Stephen Bowen
489 : Robert Kimbrough 2009 STS - 119 :
490 : Dominic Antonelli
491 : Joseph Acaba
492 : Richard Arnold Soyuz TMA - 14 :
493 : Michael Barratt STS - 125 :
494 . Gregory C. Johnson
495 . Michael Good
496 . Megan McArthur
497 . Andrew Feustel Soyuz TMA - 15 :
498 : Roman Romanenko STS - 127 :
499 . Douglas Hurley
500 . Christopher Cassidy
501 . Thomas Marshburn
502 . Timothy Kopra
Of course , that does n't mean Cassidy is the 500th ; the order is only based on the traditional order of crew lists ( CDR , PLT , MS1 , MS2 , etc. ) .
( Thanks to Ben Cooper for noting the original errors in my chart and providing the corrections / amendments . )
Robert Pearlman
Editor Posts : 42988
From : Houston , TX
Registered : Nov 1999 posted 05-29-2009 08:50 AM
The 500th person in space will be STS - 127 mission specialist Chris Cassidy .
As a forthcoming article will share , there are four first time fliers on STS - 127 , representing the 499th , 500th , 501st and 502nd people to fly above 62 miles .
Cassidy 's claim on the title of # 500 was confirmed by his crewmates based on where he will be seated when Endeavour launches .
Tea Party Movement Loses Steam
Created : July 03 , 2009 06:00 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Young protesters at the April 15 Tea Party in Washington , DC ( Photo by : Aaron Wiener )
While South Carolina ’s political establishment wrestles with the fate of Gov. Mark Sanford ( R - S.C. ) , Ron Parks has already moved on .
He ’s one of the organizers of a July 4 Tea Party in Charleston , a rally that will celebrate America and protest the way that President Barack Obama is governing it .
“ We had 6,000 people show up at the last Tea Party in Charleston , on April 15 , when [ Gov. ]
Sanford spoke , ” said Parks , a contractor who lost his job earlier this year and quickly found work as a volunteer with the Tea Party movement .
“ We ’re expecting fewer people this time , but I ’d love to have to eat my words . ”
Image by : Matt Mahurin
With no great fanfare and little national media coverage , the people who organized the April 15 Tea Parties are gearing up for a new day of protests against government spending and higher taxes .
Hundreds of rallies will take place , at least one in every state , in public places and in parks rented out for the occasions .
Many of the same people are involved .
Most of the conservative organizations that aided the last rounds of rallies are on board for the sequel , such as FreedomWorks and Americans for Prosperity .
A proliferation of sites run by those groups and sites run by grassroots activists are pointing curious activists to rallies ranging in size from barbeques to a rally in Dallas that organizer Phillip Dennis promises will be “ the biggest Tea Party in the history of Tea Parties . ”
In the run-up to the first round of Tea Parties , conservative activists were aided enormously by coverage from Fox News and the endorsements of many Republican stars .
Fox News ran dozens of segments about the events , dispatching five of its stars — Sean Hannity , Greta Van Susteren , John Gibson , Glenn Beck , and Neil Cavuto — across the country to cover them live .
Newt Gingrich endorsed the events , speaking at a Tea Party in Times Square and dispatching talking points to protesters through his American Solutions organization .
Dozens of Republican members of Congress spoke at the events .
Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele passed up an opportunity to attend a Chicago Tea Party after being denied a speaking slot , but in May he told RNC members that the tide was turning against the Obama administration because “ change is being delivered in a tea bag . ”
But the collaboration between the official Republican establishment and the Tea Parties has not lasted into June .
The RNC has no plans to get involved with any Tea Parties .
A spokesman for Rep. John Boehner ( R - Ohio ) , who jaunted around northern California to attend several Tea Parties , said that his holiday plans were private but would probably not include Tea Parties .
Gingrich will not attend any of the Tea Parties , although he recorded video messages for events in Birmingham and Nashville “ at the request of the respective organizers , ” according to spokesman Dan Kotman .
Media coverage has also gotten a little bit more scarce .
Coverage on Fox News has largely been limited to interviews with Tea Party organizers on the network ’s morning shows .
While sources at Fox would not discuss their plans for covering the weekend events , they confirmed that no anchors would be attending and that the attendance and news value of the events looked to be lower than that of the April rallies .
Tea Party organizers are counting , instead , on local news coverage and on distributed reporting such as the conservative news site PajamasTV , which hosts an “ American Tea Party ” show and has asked readers to submit their own videos from their rallies .
“ There are legitimate journalistic reasons for why there ’s less coverage this time around , ” said Seton Motley , a spokesman for the conservative Media Research Center — a group that blasted CNN and MSNBC personalities for joking about the April 15 Tea Parties .
“ There are n’t as many rallies this time , and there was a novelty last time that is n’t there now .
Also , if you ’re talking about the networks that made light of the Tea Parties back in April , they might have realized that opposite of love is n’t hate .
It ’s indifference . ”
According to Jenny Beth Martin , a national organizer of Tea Party Patriots , there are advantages to media hype and to media indifference .
In April , when Martin helped organize the Atlanta Tea Party , Sean Hannity asked for , and got , a starring role in the event — a decision that brought national coverage and 20,000 people .
“ But I could n’t meet many of those people , ” said Martin .
“ This past Saturday , we had an impromptu rally to protest the cap and trade vote .
On the fly , organized with Twitter and Facebook .
Only 70 people showed up but I got to speak to everyone and get to know them . ”
Martin did credit the media attention of April with letting the Tea Party organizers “ reach an audience we simply would n’t have been able to reach on our own . ”
The result of all of this : lower expected attendance , with some of the difference made up by a more celebratory atmosphere .
On April 15 , the largest Tea Party in Texas was the Fort Worth rally featuring Gov. Rick Perry , who drew days of controversy for apparently endorsing the idea of Texas seceding from the union .
The July 4 Dallas Tea Party , by contrast , will combine political speeches from columnist Michelle Malkin , Bosnia war hero Scott O’Grady , and local conservative activists with entertainment from ersatz Monkees drummer and singer Mickey Dolenz , a bluegrass Beatles cover band , and a program that lets kids edit themselves into rock videos ( “ Be a star — no talent required ! ” ) .
“ We ’re using the fireworks and the Monkees and the rest of that to attract people who never though they ’d be at a Tea Party , ” explained Phillip Dennis .
“ This is going to be much more of a celebration than a protest .
It ’s a celebration of the Declaration of Independence , and it ’s going to be our own declaration of independence from an irresponsible government . ”
Dennis and the Dallas organizers are hoping for a turnout of 50,000 people , and hoping for it despite a ban on politicians speaking from the stage .
Sen. Jim DeMint ( R - S.C. ) had asked to come and to sign copies of his new book , but reeled from the restriction ; retired Lt. Col .
Oliver North pulled out of the event for the same reason .
( DeMint will appear at the event in Charleston , the only Republican senator making such an appearance this weekend . )
Without Republican politicians getting involved , Tea Party organizers can speak openly about their plans to replace them .
Asked what , if any , the political impact of the April 15 events was , Dennis suggested that it was “ getting Sen .
Arlen Specter out of the closet as a Democrat . ”
“ I think of the Tea Party Movement as a play in three acts , ” said Michael Patrick Leahy , a Nashville activist who has clashed with other Tea Party organizers , but who is speaking at the Dallas event .
“ Act one was to protest the socialist statism that we do n’t believe in .
The second act is happening on Saturday when we celebrate the Constitution that we do believe in .
The third act will be taking actions to restore limited government . ”
Leahy pointed to the more independent , more attention - getting activists as the most likely way that the Tea Parties will evolve .
One example : Phil Valentine , a radio host who has launched GivetheSenateSomeBalls.com , a campaign to supplant the tea bags that activists had been sending to Congress with brightly decorated sports balls , using some scatological humor to encourage the upper house to block Democratic plans .
“ The idea for the balls campaign came to me as I was sitting around waiting to go on at a Tea Party event this past Monday , ” said Valentine .
“ People are just beginning to send their balls to their senators . ”
The U.S. Federal Communications Commission has written to Apple , AT&T and Google questioning the rejection of Google Voice and related applications from the App Store .
In a letter sent Friday to Apple , the agency asked the company why Google Voice was rejected , which related applications have been rejected along with it , and what role AT&T may have played in the decision .
It also asked what the difference is between Google Voice and other VoIP ( voice over Internet Protocol ) software that has been approved for the iPhone .
More broadly the agency asked Apple what other applications have been rejected for the phone and why .
Apple ’s process for approving or rejecting applications for the iPhone has drawn wide criticism for being murky and unpredictable .
Google Voice is a VoIP service that lets users set up one phone number and have it ring on all of their phones at once , and control which phones ring at which times of the day or week , among other things .
" [ Some ] assert than an individual 's intelligence is a fixed quantity which cannot be increased .
We must protest and react against this brutal pessimism . "
Last week , I argued that our 21st century understanding of genetics invalidates the idea of fixed , innate abilities .
Genes influence everything but determine almost nothing on their own .
What , then , is IQ ?
Conventional wisdom says that IQ scores reveal our native intelligence .
According to this view , IQ tests are different from school grades , different from SAT scores , different from any other test you will ever take , because they somehow reveal the core , innate abilities of each person 's brain : your clock speed , your RAM , your absolute limit .
That 's what Stanford psychologist Lewis Terman wanted us to believe when he introduced the American version of the IQ test in 1916 .
( This was quite the opposite intention of the test 's original co-inventor , Alfred Binet .
But that 's a history lesson we 'll return to another time . )
What Terman had actually come up was a deceptively simple system for ranking academic progress .
His Stanford - Binet tests measured many different skills , and then scored the results so that the median was always 100 .
If you had an IQ score of 100 , it simply meant that half of the test - takers your age had done better and half had done worse .
These tests were impressively stable , which meant that , over time , most people ended up in roughly the same place in the pack .
If you had tested in the 60th percentile at age 10 , chances were pretty good that that you 'd test close to the 60th percentile at age 12 and age 14 .
But did this stability prove that the tests revealed innate intelligence ?
Far from it .
The reality is that students performing at the top of the class in 4th grade tend to be the same students performing at the top of the class in 12th grade , due to many factors that tend to remain stable in students ' lives : family , lifestyle , resources , etc .
By By Larry Clifton Aug 24 , 2009 in World A story by Jason Magder published in The Gazette newspaper of Montreal , Quebec maintains that a McGill University professor is involved in a ghostwriting scheme in which articles were purchased by Wyeth Pharmaceuticals , a major drug distribution company .
In reality , the piece was created by a freelance writer employed by DesignWrite , a ghostwriting entity in New Jersey .
The company was paid by Wyeth to turn out ghostwritten articles , which were then submitted to reputable scholars .
Court records indicate that the article attributed to Sherwin was actually submitted to her by DesignWrite .
Sherwin was involved in the editing process only and has admitted to making an “ error . ”
“ I wrote a portion of the article , but not all of it , although only my name was listed as its author , ” said Sherwin according to a statement released to The ghostwriting scandal is being investigated by attorneys representing 8,400 women who claim the hormone drugs caused them harm .
The women are suing Wyeth .
A total of 26 allegedly ghostwritten papers were published in 18 medical journals , including The American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology and The International Journal of Cardiology .
The tainted articles made their way into reputable journals according to court documents .
Barbara Sherwin is a psychology professor whose expertise is in researching how hormones influence memory and mood in humans .
Sherwin was listed as the sole author of an April 2000 article in the Journal of the American Geriatrics Society arguing that estrogen could help treat memory loss in older patients .
In reality , the piece was created by a freelance writer employed by DesignWrite , a ghostwriting entity in New Jersey .
The company was paid by Wyeth to turn out ghostwritten articles , which were then submitted to reputable scholars .
Court records indicate that the article attributed to Sherwin was actually submitted to her by DesignWrite .
Sherwin was involved in the editing process only and has admitted to making an “ error .
” “ I wrote a portion of the article , but not all of it , although only my name was listed as its author , ” said Sherwin according to a statement released to The Gazette on Sunday .
“ Other parts of that article were written with the assistance of DesignWrite , a firm which , it turns out , was employed by a pharmaceutical manufacturer to assist in the development of academic articles .
I made an error in agreeing to have my name attached to that article without having it made clear that others contributed to it .
” The ghostwriting scandal is being investigated by attorneys representing 8,400 women who claim the hormone drugs caused them harm .
The women are suing Wyeth .
A total of 26 allegedly ghostwritten papers were published in 18 medical journals , including The American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology and The International Journal of Cardiology .
More about Mcgill university , Montreal ghostwriter , Sherwin ghost writer mcgill university montreal ghostwriter sherwin ghost writer
M/S Gotland avgick enligt tidtabellen från Nynäshamn klockan 11.05 med destination Visby .
HSC Gotlandia II gick från Visby i morse och skulle anlända till Nynäshamn klockan 11.35 .
Ombord på m/s Gotland fanns 1338 passagerare och på HSC Gotlandia II 579 passagerare .
Det var HSC Gotlandia II från Visby som ungefär en kvart före den planerade ankomsten till Nynäshamn krockade med färjan på väg till Visby .
M/S Gotland fick endast lättare skador medan HSC Gotlandia II har en större skada i skrovet .
Anton Eriksson är en av passagerarna på väg till Nynäshman på snabbfärjan :
- Nu har vi tagit oss in till Nynäshamn och folk är på väg av båten för bland annat läkarundersökning .
Anton Eriksson förklara läget som " panikartat " .
- Smällen kändes verkligen , hela båten började vibrera .
Han har inte sett någon skadad men enligt honom ska krocken märkts mer för de passagerare som befann sig på undervåningen .
Jan-Erik Rosengren , vd på Rederi Gotland , bekräftar för TT att färjorna MS Gotland och Gotlandia II kolliderat utanför Nynäshamn .
– Bägge fartygen har gått in till kaj i Nynäshamn .
Tre passagerare är lätt skadade .
En har förts till sjukhus och övriga har tagits om hand .
Han vet fortfarande inte vad som låg bakom olyckan .
– Det var dimma och det kan bero på det , säger Jan-Erik Rosengren .
Enligt räddningstjänsten i Nynäshamn har fem personer skadats , en allvarligt , och förts till sjukhus .
20 personer togs till sjukhus med buss efter att ha fått betydligt mindre skador .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The Senate on Wednesday narrowly rejected a controversial measure to allow people to carry concealed weapons from state to state .
A Miami , Florida , gun store offers concealed weapons training .
The measure would have required each of the 48 states that currently allow concealed firearms to honor permits issued in other states .
The vote was 58 - 39 in favor .
The amendment needed 60 votes to pass .
The vote split the Democrats , with 20 supporting the measure and 35 opposing it .
Two of the Senate 's 40 Republicans -- Richard Lugar of Indiana and George Voinovich of Ohio -- and both independents , Joseph Lieberman of Connecticut and Bernard Sanders of Vermont , voted against it .
Robert Byrd of West Virginia , Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts and Barbara Mikulski of Maryland , all Democrats , did not vote .
A coalition of mayors that fought the law welcomed its defeat .
" Our bipartisan coalition of Mayors Against Illegal Guns fought this amendment tooth - and - nail , because we recognize that the laws of one state may not be best for another , " Mayor Thomas M. Menino of Boston , Massachusetts , said in a statement .
" We will continue to work with our members to support common - sense policies and oppose dangerous ones , like the Thune Amendment that was defeated today , " he said , referring to Sen .
John Thune , R - South Dakota , who sponsored the proposal .
It was the first significant defeat this year for advocates of gun rights , after gun control advocates faced an unexpected setback in May .
Map :
See which states allow citizens to carry concealed weapons »
Do n't Miss
House passes law to allow concealed weapons in national parks
Gun rights advocates attached a measure allowing people to carry guns in national parks to credit card legislation .
President Obama signed the package into law .
The interstate concealed - weapons proposal was an amendment to a larger defense appropriations bill .
Supporters of the measure argued it would help deter criminals ; opponents claimed it would , in effect , force most of the country to conform to regulations in states with the loosest gun-ownership standards .
Opponents of the amendment mounted a huge campaign to stop it .
Mayors Against Illegal Guns -- which says it represent more than 450 mayors in 40 states -- took out an ad in USA Today opposing the measure .
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg , a campaign co-chairman , opposed the law on a number of grounds , arguing both that it tramples on states ' rights and that guns are dangerous .
" There 's no evidence that if you have a gun , you 're safer , " he said on CNN's " American Morning " Wednesday .
" Quite the contrary .
If you have a gun at home , [ you are ] something like 20 times more likely to have somebody in your house killed .
...
" We have to protect our policemen , protect our citizens .
We can't have all these guns , and it 's reasonable to have each state make their own laws , " he said .
" Wyoming should n't be subject to New York state laws , and we 're going in that direction , " he said .
" What 's right for the people of Wyoming is n't necessarily right for the people of New York and vice versa . "
Sen . John Barrasso , a Wyoming Republican who was a co-sponsor of the amendment , had argued that gun licenses should apply across state lines , like driver 's licenses .
" People travel , " he said on " American Morning . "
" We have truck drivers on our roads , people traveling for vacation in their vehicles , and if you have a license ... you should be able to use that license in other states .
It should apply like a driver 's license , " he said .
He argued that concealed weapons deter crime .
" Carrying a concealed weapon is a sign of self - defense , self - protection , and I think it lowers crime , " he said .
And he said people carrying guns would still have to obey laws wherever they are .
" The law of the state where that person happens to be at the time are the laws that apply in terms of if you 're allowed to carry a gun into a bar or restaurant .
... State rights continue to apply there . "
This is the third time the Senate has considered gun rights this year .
In addition to the national parks measure , Senate gun-rights advocates in the spring attached a measure loosening the District of Columbia 's tight gun control laws to a bill giving full voting rights to Washington 's representative in Congress .
That amendment was approved 62 - 36 .
House Democratic leaders , unwilling to loosen the restrictions on gun ownership in the District of Columbia , have let the bill languish .
CNN 's Alan Silverleib and Evan Glass in Washington contributed to this report .
All About Harry Reid • Gun Control • Crime • Michael Bloomberg
Sophisticated people have a hard time understanding popular outrage about the banking bailout .
Indeed , the TARP watchdog Neil Barofsky 's complaints that most TARP dollars were used to increase capital cushions and pay bonuses rather than increase lending strikes many as a silly complaint .
Of course banks needed to recapitalize themselves before they could start lending , the sophisticates say .
In fact , some people insist on claiming that the purpose was always a recapitalization of the banks .
That might be true .
But it certainly was not what the American people were told over and over again .
They were told , unequivocally , that the bailout would increase lending .
When he first explained that the TARP would be used for capital injections , then Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson said the purpose of the program was to get banks to “ deploy , not hoard , their capital . ”
When Tim Geithner went before the Senate for his confirmation hearings , he said : " If confirmed , I will carry out the reforms that President Obama and I believe are needed in this program .
This program must promote the stability of the financial system and increase lending . "
In response to this the defenders of the bailout tend to make a few very slippery replies .
The first response is often to claim that the bailout has increased lending above what it would have been without the bailout .
This is a surprising counter - factual and question begging argument for which there is no evidence .
The only real reply is : oh yeah , buddy ?
How do you know what lending levels would have been without the bailout ?
You cannot simply assume that lending has increased in order to prove that the bailout increased lending .
The second response , recently raised by Derek Thompson at the Atlantic , is that banks would be lending more but the economy is n't really demanding more lending because we 're in a recession .
This has the ring of truth , but it 's only the ring of a half truth .
If we did n't need more bank lending , then why did we bail out the banks for the purpose of increasing bank lending ?
This response actually undermines the entire public rationale for the bailout .
The reason the public rationale focused on lending was that the policy makers wanted to be able to claims they were attemtping to the economy rather saving banks .
That is , they wanted to pretend they were not simply recapitalizing firms that should have been shut down .
Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
A giant panda in the Wolong Nature Reserve
People and giant pandas are still coming into conflict .
So concludes a report into the firewood collecting habits of people living in one of China 's largest panda reserves .
It found that over the past 30 years , people living in rural communities have ventured ever deeper into prime panda habitat to collect wood to burn .
Unless more is done to meet the needs of these rural households , the report says , they may continue to cut down prime forest , putting pandas at risk .
Collecting wood to use as fuel is extremely common around the developing world , with some reports suggesting that up to three billion people still rely on wood as a main source of energy to cook with and heat their homes .
Chopped wood heading for the fire
That in turn significantly impacts wildlife habitats , which can become degraded and fragmented as trees are chopped down .
Guangming
He of the Michigan State University in East Lansing , US led a team that examined how the collection of firewood has impacted panda habitat in the Wolong Nature Reserve in Sichuan Province , China .
More than 15 % of the nation 's land area is legally protected in thousands of nature reserves and national parks , and the Wolong Nature Reserve is one of the largest dedicated to protecting the giant panda , holding around 150 , or roughly 10 % , of the remaining wild population of pandas .
The team surveyed how the wood collecting habits of 200 rural households in the reserve had changed since the 1970s .
" The impacts of fuelwood collection on panda habitat over time and space were not known , " says He .
If fuelwood collection continues , then all wild pandas in the reserve will be impacted
Ecologist Guangming He
His team found that over the past 30 years , residents have increasingly travelled further into the forest , to more remote and high elevations , to collect wood .
Trees such as oak , maple , birch , spruce and larch are chopped down , and the logs driven home to be chopped down further into firewood .
" Collectors were travelling longer distances to physically challenging areas , " says He .
" In our case , to areas of high quality panda habitat . "
The number of sites where people cut down trees for firewood increased threefold during the 1970s , 80s and 90s , says the report , published in Landscape and Urban Planning by He and colleagues based in the US and at the Chinese Academy of Sciences , Bejing and China 's Center for Giant Panda Research and Conservation based in the Wolong Nature Reserve .
That 's a problem for pandas , which occupy temperate montane forests with dense stands of bamboo at altitudes of 1,200 to 4,100 m .
Since the 1970s , roads have been constructed within the reserve , including one that bisects it , to encourage local people to visit local markets rather than rely on the forest for resources .
Wood rather than electricity still provides most energy needs
However , these roads extended so far into the forest that they helped residents reach previously inaccessible trees ,
He 's team found .
But " the most surprising result would be that many households were aware of fuelwood collection regulations and understood their importance to panda conservation , but many of them did not comply , " He says .
China has recently provided extensive financial help to many rural households in the Wolong Nature Reserve , helping them switch to electricity rather than rely on firewood for their energy needs .
But more should be done to lower electricity prices to discourage people from collecting wood , says He .
Otherwise , he says , " if fuelwood collection continues , then all wild pandas in the reserve will be impacted . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I state this because she was part of the problem during McCain 's town hall meetings and she elevated this " we are the real Americans " act that she paraded around this country .
The woman would not know , nor understand diversity if you asked her to spell it or give the definition .
She is THAT far removed .
So , she is again trotting herself on out here and giving us her 2 cents on the health care debate .
She AGAIN is using her own child , flying him high and proudly , as an example ( as she has done REPEATEDLY ) for why the supposed health care plan will be detrimental to her son , Trig .
Describing Democratic healthcare plans as " evil , " Sarah Palin is warning that the proposals being debated in Washington could threaten the life of Trig , her Down Syndrome infant boy .
Palin , in her first policy statement since resigning as Alaska governor , wrote on her Facebook page Friday afternoon that the sick , elderly and disabled would suffer should healthcare be rationed , as conservatives claim it will with a public option .
" The America I know and love is not one in which my parents or my baby with Down Syndrome will have to stand in front of Obama ’s ' death panel ' so his bureaucrats can decide , based on a subjective judgment of their ' level of productivity in society , ' whether they are worthy of health care , " Palin wrote .
" Such a system is downright evil . "
Downright evil ?
Do I hear rumblings of a Sarah Palin radio show , the likes of Glenn Beck ?
As the health care debate unfolds , one thing is crystal clear , if it continues on the course it is on , someone will get hurt or killed .
Then what will the likes of King Rush , Glenn Beck or Sarah Palin say or do ?
More importantly , where will the Republicans be in the debate ?
Sarah Palin , just shut the fuck up , okay ?
About 1 in 10 Californians with a home loan is now in default , and there ’s growing evidence that the mortgage meltdown is spreading to commercial real estate .
The home mortgage delinquency rate -- the percentage of borrowers who have missed several payments and are in the first stage of foreclosure -- climbed in June to 9.5 % in California and 9.9 % in Los Angeles County , according to First American CoreLogic .
The staggering number of home mortgage defaults probably will lead to large numbers of foreclosures through at least this year , housing experts say .
“ It ’s probably a given we ’ll see a high number of foreclosures in the next couple of quarters due to the level of defaults plus the recession and jobs lost .
There ’s plenty more pain to come , ” said Andrew LePage , an analyst for real estate research firm MDA DataQuick of San Diego .
Advertisement
Mortgage defaults are more likely to result in foreclosure when borrowers owe more on their homes than they are currently worth -- commonly called being “ upside down ” or “ underwater ” in industry lingo .
That ’s the case for many in California who bought homes during the real estate bubble , often with little or even no money down .
When distressed borrowers have equity , they often can sell the property to cover the outstanding mortgage .
For upside - down borrowers , that ’s usually not an option .
In recent months , about 60 % of California mortgages in default ended up foreclosed , LePage said .
Advertisement
Foreclosures should pick up even more now that various government moratoriums and voluntary foreclosure freezes by lenders have expired .
But LePage said the rate of foreclosures may not reach the record level set last year if lenders increase loan modifications or approve more “ short sales , ” in which homes are sold for less than their mortgage amounts .
The mortgage delinquency rate in June was up sharply from a year ago , when 6 % of California mortgages were delinquent and 5.2 % in Los Angeles County were in default .
In May 2009 , the state default rate was 9.2 % and the Los Angeles County rate was 9.5 % , according to First American CoreLogic .
Advertisement
At the same time , the California Mortgage Bankers Assn. reported a surge in the number of commercial real estate loans in default .
The total number of delinquent commercial loans remains small -- only 14 of 6,497 loans in the statewide survey -- but industry analysts say more defaults are on the way .
Low interest rates are enabling many commercial borrowers to stay current on loans , but that ’s certain to change if rates rise , and a high percentage of office , retail and apartment buildings are already underwater .
“ There ’s no question we ’re going to see more commercial properties end up in restructuring ; the question is how much , ” said Dan Fasulo , managing director of Real Capital Analytics , a New York research firm .
Fasulo said lenders are trying to avoid foreclosures on commercial properties partly because they do n’t want to take on properties they would have trouble selling .
Advertisement
“ They ’re saying , ‘ If we foreclose now , what are we going to do with it ? ’
This is the worst market to sell property in modern times . ”
Lenders have been making allowances to upside - down borrowers , hoping to keep from foreclosing long enough for commercial real estate values to recover , Fasulo said .
There ’s now a popular street term for the practice , he said : “ extend and pretend . ”
--
peter.hong@latimes.com
Oh noes !
Barack Obama was giving a speech on urban policy late this afternoon when his precious teleprompter fell and shattered all over the floor .
How could he possibly get through it ?
Well , he did have a second teleprompter to fall back on just in case , so the seance involving Sean Hannity , Rush Limbaugh and Mark Levin that probably made the thing fall and break failed after all !
Regardless , Jake Tapper , a man who knows Drudge link bait when he sees it , reports :
Midway through his speech on urban and metropolitan policy in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building this afternoon , one of his two small glass prompters came crashing down , hitting the wood floor and crashing in many pieces .
It made quite a ruckus .
" Oh , goodness , " a startled President Obama said .
" Sorry about that , guys . "
He then proceeded on with his remarks , " To pull our economy back from the brink , including the largest and most sweeping economic recovery plan in our nation 's history … "
For the rest of the speech the president relied on the one remaining teleprompter , to his right , and notes on his podium to finish his speech .
Shards of glass remained near the president 's feet for the duration of his speech .
And here 's video of the incident from CNN :
How does he , this man , Obama , do it ?
He must be the Antichrist !
It 's the only plausible explanation at this point .
If a teleprompter falls in the White House does it make a sound ?
[ Jake Tapper / ABC ]
Video via YouTube
Culture Wars
In a Presidential First , Obama Marks Gay Pride at the White House
By Michael D. Shear
President Obama on Monday became the first Oval Office occupant to officially celebrate gay pride in the White House even as the gay community remains bitterly divided about the pace of Obama 's efforts to turn words into action for their agenda .
In recognizing the march of progress since the protests outside New York 's Stonewall Inn 40 years ago , Obama achieved a milestone for many gay and lesbian Americans who mark the day as the beginning of their modern rights movement .
But the excitement among the several hundred guests invited by the first couple to the East Wing Monday was tempered by frustration among many who believe that the president has moved too slowly to make good on his campaign promises .
Obama 's refusal to take unilateral action to end the " don't - ask , do n't tell " policy regarding gays in the military and his administration 's support for a legal challenge to the Defense of Marriage Act even sparked a small protest outside a speech to gay activists by Vice
President Biden last week .
" There 's been an awful lot of noise and criticism , " said Steve Elmendorf , a top Democratic lobbyist who is openly gay .
" For him to send a message to the entire country that this is an event worth celebrating is a big deal .
But people expect beyond that to see some substance on a whole host of issues . "
Obama confronted those expectations directly Monday , renewing his campaign promises to change the military 's policy , repeal the marriage act and pass a federal hate crimes bill named for Matthew Shepard , the student murdered in Wyoming in 1998 .
" I want you to know that I expect and hope to be judged not by word , but by the promises my administration keeps , " Obama said to sustained applause from the crowd .
" By the time this administration is over , I think you guys will have pretty good feelings about the Obama administration . "
Posted at 5:47 PM ET on Jun 29 , 2009 | Category : Culture Wars
Share This : Technorati | Tag in Del.icio.us | Digg This
Previous : Gay Rights Groups Praise Pending End to HIV Travel Ban | Next : POTUS Events : A Nod to Nonprofits
Add 44 to Your Site
Get This Widget >>
Be the first to know when there 's a new installment of The Trail .
This widget is easy to add to your Web site , and it will update every time there 's a new entry on The Trail .
Posted by : tomsj | July 5 , 2009 5:15 AM
Posted by : madest | July 2 , 2009 1:55 PM
Posted by : ayodicebosteroyperonista | July 1 , 2009 3:13 PM
Posted by : StewartIII | July 1 , 2009 9:30 AM
Posted by : gregtexas | July 1 , 2009 12:22 AM
Posted by : gregtexas | July 1 , 2009 12:03 AM
Posted by : pastol | June 30 , 2009 7:57 PM
Posted by : gregtexas | June 30 , 2009 7:55 PM
Posted by : gregtexas | June 30 , 2009 7:53 PM
Posted by : pastol | June 30 , 2009 7:11 PM
Posted by : carbonware | June 30 , 2009 1:20 PM
Posted by : username | June 30 , 2009 1:11 PM
Posted by : yokohlman | June 30 , 2009 10:32 AM
Posted by : gregtexas | June 29 , 2009 11:02 PM
Posted by : prhornbeak | June 29 , 2009 10:51 PM
Posted by : gregtexas | June 29 , 2009 10:33 PM
Posted by : gregtexas | June 29 , 2009 10:30 PM
Posted by : prhornbeak | June 29 , 2009 10:22 PM
Posted by : gregtexas | June 29 , 2009 9:50 PM
Posted by : gregtexas | June 29 , 2009 9:47 PM
Posted by : JWx2 | June 29 , 2009 9:47 PM
Posted by : prhornbeak | June 29 , 2009 9:44 PM
Posted by : gregtexas | June 29 , 2009 9:43 PM
Posted by : prhornbeak | June 29 , 2009 9:42 PM
Posted by : JWx2 | June 29 , 2009 9:42 PM
Posted by : gregtexas | June 29 , 2009 9:40 PM
Posted by : prhornbeak | June 29 , 2009 9:36 PM
Posted by : JWx2 | June 29 , 2009 9:35 PM
Posted by : gregtexas | June 29 , 2009 9:34 PM
Posted by : gregtexas | June 29 , 2009 9:29 PM
Posted by : gregtexas | June 29 , 2009 9:23 PM
Posted by : zjr78xva | June 29 , 2009 9:21 PM
Posted by : prhornbeak | June 29 , 2009 9:18 PM
Posted by : prhornbeak | June 29 , 2009 9:08 PM
Posted by : gregtexas | June 29 , 2009 8:42 PM
Posted by : gregtexas | June 29 , 2009 8:38 PM
Posted by : prhornbeak | June 29 , 2009 8:33 PM
Posted by : prhornbeak | June 29 , 2009 8:31 PM
Posted by : glclark4750 | June 29 , 2009 8:25 PM
Posted by : Messagero | June 29 , 2009 8:21 PM
Posted by : gregtexas | June 29 , 2009 8:18 PM
Posted by : Messagero | June 29 , 2009 8:17 PM
Posted by : SocraticGadfly | June 29 , 2009 8:17 PM
Posted by : gregtexas | June 29 , 2009 8:11 PM
Posted by : prhornbeak | June 29 , 2009 8:04 PM
Posted by : gregtexas | June 29 , 2009 7:54 PM
Posted by : SocraticGadfly | June 29 , 2009 7:50 PM
Posted by : gregtexas | June 29 , 2009 7:45 PM
Posted by : thegreatpotatospamof2003 | June 29 , 2009 7:40 PM
Posted by : bobnsri | June 29 , 2009 7:28 PM
Posted by : douglaslbarber | June 29 , 2009 7:28 PM
Posted by : LOrion | June 29 , 2009 7:25 PM
Posted by : LarryG62 | June 29 , 2009 7:15 PM
Posted by : JakeLockley | June 29 , 2009 7:13 PM
Posted by : douglaslbarber | June 29 , 2009 7:13 PM
Posted by : thegreatpotatospamof2003 | June 29 , 2009 7:08 PM
Posted by : gregtexas | June 29 , 2009 7:06 PM
Posted by : Draesop | June 29 , 2009 7:02 PM
Posted by : gregtexas | June 29 , 2009 7:02 PM
Posted by : LOrion | June 29 , 2009 7:01 PM
Posted by : secretscribe | June 29 , 2009 6:58 PM
Posted by : douglaslbarber | June 29 , 2009 6:57 PM
Posted by : gregtexas | June 29 , 2009 6:52 PM
Posted by : FairfaxIsBlue | June 29 , 2009 6:47 PM
Posted by : eldergent | June 29 , 2009 6:47 PM
Posted by : gregtexas | June 29 , 2009 6:47 PM
Posted by : ZOCinDC89 | June 29 , 2009 6:40 PM
Posted by : kenyalover2003 | June 29 , 2009 6:28 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
Blender Basics - Introduction For Beginners
Mesh Modeling Fundamentals
In Blender
CG Cookie
Blender Cookie
Concept Cookie
Max Cookie
Unity Cookie
Sculpt Cookie
Free to access by everyone
One off payment to buy a particular course
Citizen Membership ( $ 18 per month )
Blender Basics - Introduction For Beginners
Mesh Modeling Fundamentals
In Blender
Blender Basics - Introduction For Beginners
Unsurprisingly given the title of the course , this course covers the very basics of using Blender .
It is split up into 6 video parts , 4 of which cover using Blender :
Introduction for Beginners
Interface and Navigation
Selecting and Transforming Objects
Adding and Removing Objects
Using and Customizing the Interface
Last Words
The course is aimed squarely at Blender beginners , if you have any experience with Blender previously this course will not be of use to you .
Each of the 6 videos in the course are very short , each one covering a specific basic topic of Blender usage .
The entire course is free to everyone and is narrated by Jonathan Williamson a very experienced Blenderhead .
Like all of Jonathan 's educational videos they are very well narrated and well produced .
He explains everything very clearly in all of his videos .
These videos have Closed Caption support .
Introduction For Blender Beginners - Covers what topics will be covered in the other videos in this course .
Gives a basic explanation of what Blender 3D Viewport is and what 3D is in general for those entirely new to 3D modeling .
Briefly Panning , Zooming and Rotating the 3D Viewport in Blender is demonstrated .
Selecting and moving objects using the 3D Manipulator is described and shown .
Interface And Navigation -
This videos covers the basic properties of Blender 's 3D Editor interface elements .
The Tool Shelf region and the 3D Viewport Properties region interface elements are explained and brief explanations of what they are used for is explained .
The same also goes for the Info , Outliner , Properties and Timeline Editors .
Blender Editor Headers are demonstrated and it is explained that they can be flipped from top to bottom and vice versa .
Finally switching between different 3D Viewport viewing directions is covered using the Numpad and View Menu , as is switching between Perspective and Orthographic view modes .
It may have been useful here to explain when Perspective Vs Orthographic modes are needed .
Selecting and Transforming Objects -
This video first covers how to select objects with the mouse .
Surprisingly it shows how to use the User Preferences to change the mouse button which is used to select objects from right mouse button to the left mouse button .
This is somewhat odd for a beginners tutorial and introduces non-standard ways of using Blender , seems to me to set a bad example .
Next how to select and deselected multiple objects is covered , and a clear explanation of the difference between a selected object and the Active Object is covered .
Once selecting objects had been covered the topic moves on to how to delete selected objects .
The 3D Manipulator is covered , showing how switch into it 's various modes of operation and then transformed selected objects with it .
Also covered are carrying out the same operations with keyboard hot keys .
Transform manipulation using Axis Constraining is gone over also .
And finally for this video a brief explanation of what the 3D Cursor is and what it is used for is covered .
Adding and Removing Objects -
This video covers adding and removing objects using the Toolshelf , hotkeys and menu entries .
Also covers some information on the effect of macro functions on duplication of objects .
Using and Customizing the Interface - This video is slightly more in - depth than the other video as it covers a fair number of the different methods for altering the layout of Blenders Interface , as well as covering what the difference is between an Editor and a Region .
Layout manipulation types covered are :
Resizing Editors
Resizing Regions
Changing Screen Layouts
Splitting / Joining Windows
Changing Editor Types
Saving Custom Layouts
And the final topic for this video covers Blender 's Theme System and how to change your theme .
Bear in mind that the purpose of this course is to give you the absolute basics of using and getting around in Blender .
It can be seen as preceding a more detailed and advanced course " Mesh Modeling Fundamentals In Blender " which I review next .
Mesh Modeling Fundamentals
In Blender
Creating Mesh Objects
Editing Modes
Mesh Anatomy
Mesh Selection Modes
Subdivide
Extrude
Loop Cut And Slide
Inset
Knife
Delete And Dissolve
Select All
Select More / Select Less
Box Selection & Circle Selection
Edge Loops
Edge Rings
Solid Vs Wireframe Shading
Limit Selection To Visible
Mesh Hiding & Mesh Unhiding
Transform Orientations
Object Mesh Data
Sharing Data On Object
Solid Shading
Wireframe Shading
I was recently contacted by the people at Blender Cookie the educational site concerned with all things Blender 3D and asked if I would review two of their courses : I have been a big fan of Blender Cookies previous tutorials so I agreed to do a review of both the products combined .
Before I move onto the review of the two courses , it is perhaps useful to first give some information about the Blender Cookie website and some of its features .
The Blender Cookie website is sub-section of a larger site called CG Cookie which is run by Wes Bruke .
The CG Cookie website acts as a educational hub around which you can learn many different topics using various different pieces of software ( not just Blender ) as well as various courses on more traditional forms of learning such as drawing , painting and traditional hands on sculpting .
The site is split up into the following main sections :
The CG Cookie section covers things like interviews and topics that are not specifically tied to a particular piece of software ( as far as I am able to determine ) .
The Blender Cookie section covers courses and tutorials which specifically use Blender .
The Concept Cookie section covers concept art and design as well as user exercises such as drawing and such like .
The Max Cookie section covers the 3D software 3D Studio Max , for those in the unfortunate position of having to use this inferior software :) .
The Unity Cookie section covers the Unity game engine system , for those that want ot make real time games .
The Sculpt Cookie section covers sculpting methods and tutorials for both traditional ( hand and clay ) and digital sculpting .
So as is probably becoming apparent CG Cookie coverages an awful lot of educational topics .
Now because I am a Blender user I will generally only focus on Blender Cookie section of the website .
It is important to realize though that all of the features that the website provides are provided across all the different sections of the site as a whole .
In general most of the educational content is provided in the forms of high quality videos which can be streamed directly in your browsers ( and is HTML 5 compatible ) .
The videos are very well encoded and very well narrated .
If you do n't have the fastest internet connection you can watch most of the videos off line by downloading them .
Also useful is that some of the videos also have Close Caption support , this does n't extend to all videos but I assume that over time more videos will get more Close Caption support .
If you are not into the video style of education then there are also occasionally written tutorials but note that the vast majority of the tutorials and courses on the site are video form .
For tutorials which require resources such as project files they are also provided with the videos .
The website recently underwent an upgrade which added a number of features and one of the most noticeable was gamification features .
In education Gameification means turning learning into a game which reward you with things like a score or in CG Cookies case XP points can be gained by taking quizes on the material you have seen or for using certain features of the website .
This allows members of the website to compete with each other to improve their skills .
You can track your progress with your own Dashboard and compare against other members using the leader board .
CG Cookie provides access to its content in 3 basic ways :
For courses that are not free the Citizen Membership is popular as not all the courses have the option to buy them out right .
As well as providing access to various educational materials the CG Cookie website also acts as sort of educational social site where users can interact with each other and post in their galleries which other users can comment on .
You can follow users and keep track of what each member is upto when they are on the CG Cookie website .
I have not really explored the social side of the site but it seems pretty effective if the galleries posted on the site are anything to go by .
Navigation around the site is as far as I am able to test fast and effective , videos downloaded quickly and web pages loaded quickly as well .
All in all a good website , well organized and covering a seriously large amount of topics .
Anyway now that I have given ( a brief and probably very incomplete ) run down of some of the features of the CG Cookie website it 's time to move on to giving my review of the two courses mentioned previously :
The second review is of the " Mesh Modeling Fundamentals In Blender " course , which follows on from the " Blender Basics - Introductions For Beginners " .
This course is more indepth and covers more of the features of Blender but is still aimed at the beginning Blender user .
It is not free however so you will need to be a Citizen Member of CG Cookie to access all of its videos .
It consists of 24 lessons which are video based and 3 of which are text based quizzes .
Just like the previous course the lessons are short bite sized lessons .
The course is again narrated by Jonathan Williamson .
This time around the focus is more generally targeted towards the tools that can be used on Blender Mesh objects .
There is some tiny overlap in topics covered in this course as in the previous one .
The topics covered are : Creating Mesh Objects -
This section of the course covers creating objects using the Toolshelf to add objects and also explains some of the Toolshelf entries .
The use of the 3D Cursor and it's role in positioning newly added objects to the 3D Viewport is clearly explained .
The roll of the Properties Panel is explained and how to use it to accurately position the 3D Cursor .
When adding objects to the 3D Viewport sometimes they can have extra options displayed in the Operator Panel .
Jonathan explains how these changable settings can be manipulated .
Handily Jonathan also shows the alternate Operator Panel which can be accessed by pressing the F6 key while the mouse is positioned over the 3D Viewport .
Editing Modes -
Blender is heavily dependent on use of modes which change the way Blender works and the tools which Blender will present to the user .
Jonathan goes over the major differences between two of Blender 's major operating modes " Object Mode " and " Edit Mode " with regard to Mesh Objects .
Jonathan shows multiple ways to switch between the two modes quickly , and also demonstrates how the Toolshelf entries change based on the mode Blender is in .
Mesh Anatomy -
This section covers how mesh objects are constructed and how you as the user can edit mesh geometry only while in Edit Mode .
Mesh Selection Modes -
Once in Edit Mode you can choose what type of mesh geometry you wish to easily select , this is achieved with the Mesh Selection Modes .
Jonathan goes over how the Mesh Selection Modes affects how you can select various parts of a meshes geometry .
Strangely the CTRL + TAB method of opening the Selection Mode menu was not covered .
Subdivide ( Operator ) - The Subdivide operator and some of its options are well covered and Jonathan does a good job of explaining just how useful this tool is .
He shows how to use Subdivide to divide a mesh equally in vertical and horizontal directions and also covers how to Subdivide in only one direction .
He also takes the time to issue the warning of accidentally creating very high density meshes if subdivide is used to quickly .
Extrude -
The Extrude tool is quite possibly one of the most often used tools when mesh modeling in Blender and Jonathan does a very good job of explaining what it is and how to use it .
Extrude Region and Extrude Individual versions of extrude are covered .
How to access the Extrude menu with ALT+E is also described .
Extrude is a form of macro and Jonathan explains why this matters and what effects it has when cancelling an extrude operation .
Loop Cut And Slide - Adding and positioning loops cuts into your mesh geometry is very import and being able to do it quickly is very important to quick and efficient work flow when modeling .
Jonathan goes over how Loop Cut And Slide works and also covers some of it limitations with regard to non-quad faces .
Inset -
The Inset tool is a reasonably newly introduced tool added to Blender that is extremely useful and a real time saver when you need to add inset faces and panels in mesh geometry .
Jonathan does a good job of explaining some of its options and shows a good few ways to use it to do useful things .
Knife -
The Knife Tool is used to cut extra vertices into Mesh Geometry where you need them .
Jonathan explains the tool very well .
Delete & Dissolve -
These are two related but different tools in Blender both of which have multiple ways of working depending on the version of the tool you select .
Jonathan explains clearly what these tools are for and how they differ from each other .
Since the Dissolve tool was introduced when Blender got support for NGons it is newer than the older delete tool and some people are not upto speed on the difference .
Select All -
This section covers how to select or deselect all mesh geometry .
Select More / Less -
Being able to select parts of a mesh and then have Blender automatically increase or decrease the amount of selected mesh geomtry is very useful .
Again Jonathan does a good job of explaning this feature and the various ways of activating it .
Box & Circle Selection / Deselection -
If you want to select or deselect large sections of a mesh quickly then Box and Circle Selection tools are the tools you will often use .
These are modal tools this means that while these tools are active all you can do is select or deselect parts of a mesh , other features are unavailable to you until you leave this tool .
This is not made clear by Jonathan but his coverage or the rest of their features is good .
Edge Loops & Edge Rings -
These two videos go into depth on what Edge Loops and Edge Rings are and how to select mesh geometry using these two types of structure .
Also covered is selecting multiple Edge Loops and Rings at once .
Solid Vs Wireframe Shading - Blender supports many different ways of displaying mesh data in the 3D Viewport .
Each different display mode has its advantages and disadvantages depending on when they are used .
Jonathan describes two of the major display modes : Jonathan describes how to quickly access these display modes in Blender and describes how these modes differ and why you would want to use them .
Limit Selection To Visible -
When dealing with complex mesh geometry Blender by default will not let you select mesh geometry which is positioned behind other mesh geometry .
This prevents accidentally selecting mesh geometry behind a mesh when all you wanted was to select mesh geometry on the front of a mesh .
This is often what is wanted , sometimes though you want to select all geometry that falls in a particular location and the Limit Selection To Visible setitng is what is used to achive this .
Jonathan does a good job of explaining what this tool does and showing the differences in how mesh geometry in the 3D Viewport are display when this option is enabled and disabled .
Mesh Hiding -
One of the ways of dealing with selection of parts of a complex mesh is to temporarily hide parts of the mesh you no longer need to see .
This makes the mesh less complex and makes it easier to interact with .
When you are done you can unhide the hidden geometry and carry on your work .
Jonathan 's explanation of Hiding and Unhiding mesh geometry was very complete .
Transformation Orientations - Blender has various ways of representing and interpreting how an object is tranformed .
The two most popular are Global and Local Orientations .
Although this topic can be somewhat difficult to explain clearly Jonanthan does a good job without getting too technical .
Object Mesh Data - Mesh Objects in Blender are basically made up of many independent data structures .
These structures can be shared between multiple objects and switched and changed at will by the user .
Again Jonathan does a good job of describing why this is useful .
Sharing Data Of Mesh Objects - Following on from the previous video Jonathan goes through how to link object data together so that they ca share data , he covers both standard duplication and linked duplicate methods .
Blender keeps track of the number of times data is shared and Jonathan shows how you can determine how many objects share a particular piece of data through user counts .
He also shows how to take data that is shared and make it a single user .
So that is all the video sections covered in this review and I would say that on the whole if you are a new Blender user or are new to 3D in general these two courses combined will be very useful to you , as I think they will very quickly get you up to speed with Blender and 3D in general .
You wo n't be a expert and you will still have a lot to learn but you will have the fundamentals .
All the videos are clearly explained and Jonathan does a very good job in them all .
My only complaint is the use of Left Mouse Button to select objects as this is non-standard and confusing to Blender users .
It even confuses Jonathan a few times .
This is small complaint and I find it strange that he did this but the rest of the course is good .
Well worth getting if you want to get upto speed with the fundamentals of Blender .
Review Score 80 %
What have you got to smile about ?
Meet the amazing piglet squid who always looks happy
He could almost be a new Mr Men character with his rotund shape , cute curls and shy smile .
But this is really a piglet squid caught in a rare image on camera .
His tentacles made what looks like a mop of curly hair over his large eyes while his skin patterns created a grin .
Grinning :
The piglet squid , about the size of an orange , gets its name from its tuft of tentacles and rotund shape
The small squid , which is the size of a large orange , is normally found more than 320 ft ( 100 m ) below the ocean surface , meaning little is known of its behaviour .
Measuring just 4in in length the species has unusual pigmentation and acquired its name from its tuft of arms and tentacles , and rotund shape .
Because of its deep water habit , little is known of the behaviour of the squid , although not surprisingly , judging by its body shape , it is known to be a sluggish swimmer .
Properly called Helicocranchia pfefferi , the animals are also noted for the light producing organs known as photophores located beneath each of their large eyes .
Gestalter
Shay Shafranek
Oded Webman
Beteiligte Unternehmen
Britze Elektronic
The Digital ruler is a 15 cm wooden ruler , which uses technology of electric - resistance and measurement in order to calculate length of line or distance .
Unlike any other ruler , it is relative , not absolute .
The 0 point of the ruler is defined by every new measurement with any pen .
Electronic Ruler is a functional surprising object , offering new ways of using an old device .
Is CBD Addictive ?
What You Should Know Before Trying CBD
By Sudeep Chand
Science reporter , BBC News
Macaques varied in their reactions to consuming alcohol A study has shown that having a particular gene variant causes some macaque monkeys to drink more alcohol in experiments .
The gene , known as the corticotrophin releasing factor ( CRF ) gene , is an important part of how we respond to everyday stress .
Sometimes it can become overactive and lead to stress - related problems such as anxiety , depression and alcoholism .
The findings may eventually lead to new treatments for alcoholism .
Writing in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) , the scientists found that some monkeys with the gene variant drank more alcohol , possibly to relieve their anxiety .
In particular the " T " form of the gene was associated with increased voluntary consumption of alcohol in drinks equivalent to the strength of strong beer .
Some were drinking " well over the limit , maybe up to four or five drinks in one hour .
They 're not drinking it because it 's tasty , it smelt like rubbing alcohol " .
" And they act much like humans do : some sleep , some are friendly , others are aggressive , " said Christina Barr , from the US National Institutes of Health in Bethesda , Maryland , one of the authors of the study .
It is thought that a similar variant of the gene exists in humans but may be rare .
There are also other genes that have been associated with alcoholism .
This may eventually lead to treatments that reduce the activity of these genes and the risk of alcoholism in those that carry them .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I 've spent the last few months looking at marketing textbooks .
I 'm assuming that they are fairly representative of textbooks in general , and since this is a topic I 'm interested in , it seemed like a good area to focus on .
As far as I can tell , assigning a textbook to your college class is academic malpractice .
They are expensive .
$ 50 is the low end , $ 200 is more typical .
A textbook author in Toronto made enough money from his calculus textbook to afford a $ 20 million house .
This is absurd on its face .
There 's no serious insight or leap in pedagogy involved in writing a standard textbook .
That 's what makes it standard .
It 's hard , but it should n't make you a millionaire .
They do n't make change .
Textbooks have very little narrative .
They do n't take you from a place of ignorance to a place of insight .
Instead , even the best marketing textbooks surround you with a fairly non-connected series of vocabulary words , oversimplified problems and random examples .
They 're out of date and do n't match the course .
The 2009 - 2010 edition of the MKTG textbook , which is the hippest I could find , has no entries in the index for Google , Twitter , or even Permission Marketing .
They do n't sell the topic .
Textbooks today are a lot more colorful and breezy than they used to be , but they are far from engaging or inspirational .
No one puts down a textbook and says , " yes , this is what I want to do ! "
They are incredibly impractical .
Not just in terms of the lessons taught , but in terms of being a reference book for years down the road .
In a world of wikipedia , where every definition is a click away , it 's foolish to give me definitions to memorize .
Where is the context ?
When I want to teach someone marketing ( and I do , all the time ) I never present the information in the way a textbook does .
I 've never seen a single blog post that says , " wait until I explain what I learned from a textbook ! "
The solution seems simple to me .
Professors should be spending their time devising pages or chapterettes or even entire chapters on topics that matter to them , then publishing them for free online .
( it 's part of their job , remember ? )
When you have a class to teach , assemble 100 of the best pieces , put them in a pdf or on a kindle or a website ( or even in a looseleaf notebook ) and there , you 're done .
You just saved your intro marketing class about $ 15,000 .
Every semester .
Any professor of intro marketing who is assigning a basic old - school textbook is guilty of theft or laziness .
This industry deserves to die .
It has extracted too much time and too much money and wasted too much potential .
We can do better .
A lot better .
[ Update : got more mail about this post than any other post ever .
People pointed to Flatworld and to Quirk , and so far , more than 94 % of the letters aggressively agree with me .
Most of the people are either students , parents of students , former students or other disgruntled customers that are tired of being ripped off by a senseless , broken system .
I also heard from a handful of people who said that I was jealous , that the union wo n't permit the system to change , that textbooks are really good , that professors are underpaid , that professors are too busy or ( possibly and ) that I 'm delusional .
I 'll note that not one of these letters came from a textbook user . ]
July 27th , 2009
PRESS RELEASE : 2009-7-27 -PR ( RTF , 4.6 KB )
The members of the campaign are pleased to announce that we have reached a settlement with Bloomington Transit regarding our lawsuit .
A preliminary injunction hearing was scheduled in the United States District Court , Southern District of Indiana , but Bloomington Transit capitulated in the days leading up to the injunction hearing .
The terms of the settlement are that BT will accept our ad , which features the slogan ‘ You Can Be Good Without God ’ for posting on as many buses and for as long of a time as we like , for the standard ad rate .
They will also be reimbursing the ACLU of Indiana for a significant portion of their legal expenses .
Let ’s be straight here : this is a victory not just for atheism and secularism , but for free speech all around .
It ’s not the end of our campaign , either .
We intend to make the most of this victory : look for our message on Bloomington Transit buses in the coming weeks .
We also hope the outcome of this suit provides a suitable precedent for the many other atheist bus campaigns around the country trying to get their own ads up .
Finally , we would like to thank our many supporters , who have given us both money and precious words of encouragement .
Speaking of money …
We still need your donations .
Bloomington ’s not the last stop for the atheist bus , but only if we have the necessary cash .
Please take a moment to donate using the button over in the sidebar ; we are currently surveying new locations for bus ads , and you could be next .
Most importantly , putting up new ads generates another round of interest from the press and public about atheism and starts vital conversations about religion and its role in society .
If you ’re interested in furthering that conversation , please support us .
Entry Filed under : Uncategorized
First :
This is neither a complaint nor a criticism .
I understand the intent of the CPAN and its goals .
I believe it meets those goals effectively .
If you talk to Jarkko about the CPAN , he 'll likely tell you that it 's primarily a distribution service .
It 's a series of regularly updated mirrors containing some metadata and an archive of redistributable code .
Many proposals for enhancements and replacements and reinventions in other languages have come and gone .
Most of them have tried to add complexity to this simple base .
That 's one reason they have n't succeeded .
This half of the CPAN makes code available to users .
Another half of the CPAN is PAUSE , the service which allows CPAN developers to upload their code to the metadata analysis and code distribution service .
The third half of the CPAN consists of the tools used to find and install CPAN distributions with partial or full automation .
It 's an optional part of the CPAN experience , but it demonstrates that the CPAN ecosystem also includes tools which rely on the metadata and mirroring services which the CPAN makes available .
Without this metadata , the CPAN would be much less useful .
It 's also the metadata which allows services such as search .
cpan.org ( which many people consider the face of the CPAN ) , RT for CPAN , CPAN Testers , CPANTS , CPAN Ratings , CPAN Forums , and plenty of other services now and in the future .
That 's what the CPAN is : a loose federation of sites and services built around a code and metadata mirroring system , with an upload service for registered developers .
Who 's It For ?
I believe the primary beneficiaries of the CPAN are active CPAN developers .
By uploading your code to the CPAN , you get worldwide mirroring and distribution .
You get test results from a wide variety of platforms and versions .
You get bug tracking , documentation hosting , reviews , and feedback on the quality and efficacy of your distribution .
You get to push your installation and dependency management to CPAN installers .
Because CPAN tools are effective about gathering dependency information and publishing it in a form that other CPAN tools can understand , the easiest way to install distributions from the CPAN is with a CPAN shell such as CPAN. pm or CPANPLUS .
Utilities exist for free software distributions such as Debian and Gentoo to wrap CPAN distributions into OS packages where the packaging system can manage them , but they 're necessarily specific to individual platforms , where the CPAN shells can run on any operating system where Perl 5 runs .
One strong benefit of the existing CPAN shells is that they run distribution test suites before installation by default , refusing to install when test failures occur .
This provides strong pressure to review , report , and fix test failures ; the focus is on quality by default .
Active CPAN developers know when and how to report bugs , how to read CPAN Testers reports , and how to force installations .
They may know how to use the BackPAN or to use an earlier version of a dependency .
This brings up a subtler feature of the CPAN which optimizes the experience for active CPAN developers : you always get the newest version of a distribution .
While a PAUSE / CPAN shell hack allows developers to upload a development version which people cannot install accidentally , there 's little ability to specify in dependencies that you want users to install a specific version of a dependency .
One accidental upload in any of a dozen distributions could render half of the distributions on the CPAN uninstallable .
In some ways , this feature creates and exacerbates a problem .
It can be difficult to bundle a distribution and all of its dependencies as the dependency graph can change during the bundling process .
A CPAN for Normal Users
What would a CPAN look like for normal users ?
ActiveState 's PPM is n't a bad model in some ways , though it hews too closely to the CPAN itself in others .
Binary repositories for Linux distributions have other advantages .
I can think of several attributes of a CPAN enhancement for non-developers :
Binary distributions , or at least not requiring the presence of a C or C++ compiler and make utilities .
This could be optional .
utilities .
This could be optional .
Run the tests on installation for verification and reporting purposes .
This could also be optional , but I like the quality - by - default approach .
Bundling a distribution and all of its dependencies into a single , installable package .
Automatic relocation ( perhaps through the use of local : : lib or something similar ) to allow multiple versions of a single distribution installed and usable .
or something similar ) to allow multiple versions of a single distribution installed and usable .
Regular , tested updates to bundles and the contained dependency graphs .
Working with upstream .
Integration with OS packages .
The latter two I have no good ideas how to accomplish .
Working with upstream can be difficult in the normal case ; not everyone looks at CPAN Testers reports or the CPAN 's RT or other CPAN extensions .
Building OS packages seems like a lot of trouble and a lot of duplicate work .
Even so , the Perl 5 ecosystem already has most of the tools necessary to build such a thing .
We can build a dependency graph for most CPAN distributions , and we can identify those without accurate graphs .
We can calculate the likelihood of tests passing on various Perl 5 versions and platforms given that graph .
It only takes a little bit of code to bundle most graphs into a dependency - first installable bundle , and a small loader module could set @INC paths appropriately .
Given a list of dependencies , it 's possible to analyze the potential graphs for solutions and identify potential points of conflict or failure .
If solutions exist , the software could create an installable bundle .
Source code is the easiest , but a binary is possible .
It 's also possible to keep these graphs and bundles up to date , with a lag of a few hours to a couple of days .
Though calculating the possible solutions from a graph may be expensive , most of the information is cacheable .
Would people use such a system ?
I do n't know .
Should it replace elements of the current CPAN system ?
Never ; it addresses a different purpose .
Is it worth building ?
The idea continues to tickle my mind .
The Case - Shiller has been signalling an improvement in the second derivative of housing prices for a few months , and in the latest report it even showed a sequential increase .
But check out the NAR 's numbers for all of Q2 .
The year - over - year drop in the median sales price of single family homes showed its worst decline ever .
They did n't even have a second derivative gain improvement .
Get This Delivered To Your Inbox
You can get this dropped in your inbox every afternoon as The Chart Of The Day .
It 's a simple .
It 's convenient .
It 's free .
All we need is your email address ( though we 'd love your name and state , too , if you 're willing to share it ) .
Sign up below !
If you ’re superstitious - or you ’ve seen the 1980 John Carpenter film or its 2005 remake too many times - you may have looked warily out the window yesterday around 5:30 p.m. as a soupy fog gathered over Boston .
Unlike in the horror movie “ The Fog , ’’ no ships were scuttled or sailors murdered , but yesterday ’s fog did result in delays of over three hours at Logan Airport , according to the Federal Aviation Administration .
The major landmarks and tall buildings of Boston were nearly hidden .
And if you felt like you were driving through a cloud , you were , literally .
Fog in the afternoon may seem odd , but there ’s a scientific explanation .
The morning fog we ’re used to is called “ radiation fog . ’’
At night the temperature drops and the earth is giving off energy .
As the temperature reaches the dew point , fog forms .
Yesterday ’s fog was different .
It is called “ advection fog , ’’ and it forms over an already cool surface like water and is gradually carried inland by the wind .
Matthew Belk , a meteorologist with the National Weather Service in Taunton , said yesterday ’s fog was some 30 miles in diameter , enough to linger in the Hub for several hours .
But it was n’t a horror show .
John M. Guilfoil can be reached at jguilfoil@globe.com
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
Embarrassment as ' moon rock ' in museum turns out to be just a piece of petrified wood
It 's not green cheese , but it might as well be .
The Dutch national museum said today that one of its most prized possessions , a rock supposedly brought back from the moon by U.S. astronauts , is just a piece of petrified wood .
In an investigation into the piece , a space expert told the Rijksmuseum it was unlikely NASA would have given away any moon rock so soon after Apollo returned to Earth .
Prized possession : A piece of moon rock on display at the Dutch national museum has been revealed to be a piece of petrified wood after an investigation
Rijksmuseum spokeswoman Xandra van Gelder , said the museum will keep the relic as a curiosity .
' It 's a good story , with some questions that are still unanswered , ' she said .
' We can laugh about it . '
The museum acquired the rock after the death of former prime minister Willem Dreesman in 1988 .
Dreesman received it as a private gift in 1969 from then - U.S. ambassador J. William Middendorf who accompanied the Apollo 11 astronauts on a visit to The Netherlands after the first moon landing .
Mr Middendorf told how the rock came from the U.S. State Department , but could n't recall the exact details .
' Apparently no one thought to doubt it , since it came from the prime minister 's collection , ' Ms Van Gelder said .
The rock is not usually on display at the museum , which is primarily known for fine art by masters including Rembrandt .
' It 's a nondescript , pretty - much - worthless stone , ' said Geologist Frank Beunk from Amsterdam 's Free University .
He said he could see at a glance the rock was not from the moon .
In the first week of October , 1836 , Captain Robert Fitzroy married Mary Henrietta O'Brien , the daughter of a prominent army general .
Within a few years , the respected naval officer would become a Member of Parliment , then the governor of the British colony of New Zealand — a post he would lose by being so impolitic as to treat with the Maori on a basis of equality .
In his public career , Fitzroy would become the head of the British Meteorological Department and be heralded as the father of modern weather forecasting .
He would invent a better , cheaper form of barometer and devise the first system of storm warnings .
He would be the commander of one of the first steam vessels in the British Navy and the master of the dockyard at which the most innovative ships of the day were constructed .
He would invent new techniques of cartography , explore distant lands , and lead some of the most celebrated expeditions in history .
And his fame would be completely overwhelmed by that of a man he took as a passenger on one of his voyages .
A man who had recently finished off a bachelor 's degree , and who a friend recommended to Fitzroy as a good conversational companion .
A young fellow named Charles Darwin .
Even the book we know today as The Voyage of the Beagle was originally the third volume of a set commissioned to record the expeditions led by Fitzroy .
Captain Fitzroy himself wrote the first two volumes .
Darwin , again at Fitzroy 's invitation , wrote the third .
It 's that third volume that 's still in print more than a century and a half later .
Both men were adventurous , intelligent , innovative and well connected .
Both were very young ( Fitzroy was only 26 when he wrote seeking someone with more knowledge of the natural world to come along on his next journey .
Darwin was 22 ) .
Over the course of a journey that took almost five years the two men talked , argued , and used each other as sounding boards .
They suffered through periods of cold silence and enjoyed occassions of warm friendship .
Fitzroy — not only a ship 's captain but the nephew of a duke — could be high - handed , officious , and prone to fits of rage his crew nicknamed " hot coffee . "
More than once he banished Darwin from his sight ( as when the two argued over slavery , which Darwin opposed ) only to apologize sincerely only a few hours later .
Darwin escaped to the land for over three years of their journey , leaving Fitzroy to carry out the expedition 's real purpose : creating detailed maps of the coasts and harbors .
But on many occasions Fitzroy delayed the progress of the ship to allow Darwin his observations and excavations , and when possible the two men went off together to share adventures .
They were friends .
Both men used the other in working through feelings on theology and on scientific theories to explain the features of the world they observed together .
It was during one of these discussions that Fitzroy and Darwin came to an agreement : the world around them could not have been formed in the short time allowed by a traditional interpretation of biblical events .
In particular , the placement of fossils and the structure of the land could not have been the result of the single great flood relayed in the story of Noah .
But that was before the wedding .
All during their long journey , Fitzroy held one personal secret that he never shared with Darwin — he was engaged .
Within days of the Beagle 's return to England , Fitzroy married the general 's daughter in a wedding that was a complete surprise to Darwin .
As it happened , Fitzroy 's new bride was a devout churchgoer , and lest he offend her , the captain censored the " progressive " ideas he had discussed during the journey .
So , despite what he had told Darwin , Fitzroy 's volumes recording the voyages of the Beagle were careful to present the results of landforms they had seen in terms of how they might have been gouged out by the waters of a universal flood .
Even seashells found on the highest peaks were explained in terms of Noah 's deluge .
This school of geologic thinking came to be known as Catastrophism — the idea that the world was primarily formed by a series of massive , unique events .
Though catastrophism originated among those who traced natural history through biblical stories of creation , it was n't restricted to only to those who expected the world to reflect their beliefs .
In fact , the best known proponent of catastrophism at the time was also the best known scientist , period — Georges Cuvier .
Unlike Fitzroy , Cuvier had no ancestral wealth or position in the peerage .
A polymath genius whose ideas were shaped by the Enlightenment , Cuvier did n't come to catastrophism as a means of explaining what he had read in the Bible .
He was looking for an answer to what he found in the rocks .
In particular , Cuvier was looking for an explanation for something that was only then becoming widely accepted — extinction .
Meanwhile , the man who had just finished collecting some of the best evidence in support of extinction 's worldwide reach was a follower of a diametrically opposed idea of how the Earth had been made .
The biggest influence on Charles Darwin 's geologic thinking was another unlikely character — a former lawyer who had taken to studying rocks when his failing eyesight made it too difficult for him to read the intricate text of legal documents .
Charles Lyell's , Principles of Geology would not only shape much of Darwin 's thoughts , but dominate geology for the next ... ever .
In this three volume set , Lyell laid out rules that seem simple ( and are ) , but which are also as essential to geology as a number system is to mathematics .
What Lyell taught can be boiled into a single , intensely profound statement : the present is the key to the past .
Want to understand how ripples were formed in the sands of ancient stones ?
Look for the places where those same kind of ripples are being formed on sands today .
The world of the past was n't shaped by extraordinary events , but by extremely ordinary events .
What to see what made the world ?
Look at wind .
Look at rain .
Look at streams .
Look at the sea .
The only difference between what happened then and what 's happening now is time , lots and lots and lots of time in which those streams and oceans had the chance to carry out their actions .
Our world was formed by the slow , steady accumulation of tiny features that led to large changes only over the course of millennia .
It was a theory that was called Gradualism .
The attraction of gradualism was great , and completely understandable .
Gradualism turned natural history into a testable , predictable endeavor .
In short , it makes geology into a science .
A world built completely around catastrophism would be a world of nightmarish , unpredictable events whose record can only be puzzled over — like a film made up of random clips .
Gradualism is a system , a tool , a lens by which past events can be interpreted sensibly .
It became the foundation for geology and paleontology , and the basis of Darwin 's theories .
The idea that both stones and bones are shaped by step - by - step change became such a primary feature of Darwin 's thinking that he defended gradualism against those who proposed more abrupt changes among species .
Mr. Mivart is further inclined to believe , and some naturalists agree with him , that new species manifest themselves " with suddenness and by modifications appearing at once . "
For instance , he supposes that the differences between the extinct three - toed Hipparion and the horse arose suddenly .
He thinks it difficult to believe that the wing of a bird " was developed in any other way than by a comparatively sudden modification of a marked and important kind ; " and apparently he would extend the same view to the wings of bats and pterodactyles .
This conclusion , which implies great breaks or discontinuity in the series , appears to me improbable in the highest degree .
When Cuvier died in 1832 ( in the midst of the Darwin 's prolonged trip on the Beagle ) catastrophism ruled the day .
For years after , respect for Cuvier 's genius , and the support of the church , helped to keep the theory at the forefront of scientific thought .
( The cult of Cuvier strengthened after his death .
When it was discovered that his brain was found to be extraordinarily large , this fact was often cited by those who wanted to make direct connection between brain size and intelligence , including those who misused Darwin 's theories to promote ideas of race ) .
But the attraction of gradualism , and a mass of scientific evidence that accumulated around the idea as steadily as the processes the theory predicted , won the day .
So much so that within a matter of decades gradualism had completely supplanted the theory of catastrophism .
In both biology and geology , the past was seen the same way : a series of small , minute actions that produced measurable change only over deep time .
Gradualism was predictable , measurable , comprehensible — comfortable .
That same love of comfort often pervades economic systems .
When economists look at the behavior of markets , consumers , and systems , they do n't look at each event as a unique occurrence .
They , quite rightly , look for guidance in past events , using the failures and successes of previous cycles to guide actions in the current situation .
In doing so , economists are expressing that same connection between past and present that Lyell formulated in 1830 ( though they 're looking through the other end of the scope — hoping to gain insight into the present by looking at the past , rather than peering at the present for clues to what went before ) .
It 's this kind of steady predictability that was used as a means to replace defined benefit pension plans with that most ubiquitous new instrument : the 401k plan .
Within three years of its inception in 1980 , more than half of American corporations were offering 401 k plan either as a supplement or replacement for defined benefit pension plans .
Even though the original legislation targeted executive compensation , by 1993 , most corporations offered only these kind of contribution - based plans for all employees .
And why not ?
Seen over the span of decades , the value of stocks increased more quickly than the value of benefits held in pensions .
Moving to contribution - based plans saved corporations billions , and employees enrolled in these plans were shown charts demonstrating that they would one day be millionaires ... all thanks to that slow , steady accumulation of wealth .
Though the basis of the 401 k shift was the steady predictability of financial markets , the shift away form pensions itself was so abrupt as to represent an enormous " catastrophic " change .
It can be argued that the whole of the economic boom experienced in the 1990s was due to corporations removing the cost of defined pension plans from their books and placing that risk on average workers .
The trouble is , they were all wrong .
Lyell was wrong .
Darwin was wrong .
Cuvier was wrong .
Fitzroy was wrong .
And the guy who sold you that 401k plan was wrong .
They were all wrong because , while they stood on opposite sides of the line of gradualism vs. catastrophism , they were united ( to varying degrees ) in a philosophy of absolutism .
The truth is that the world is formed both by gradual processes and by disaster .
Anyone who adhered too strongly to either theory was likely to miss the evidence that the other was also at work .
The affection for gradualism among geologists became so strong that when a physicist named Luis Alvarez suggested that ( shades of Georges Cuvier ) the extinction event at the end of the Cretaceous Period might have been caused by an object striking the Earth , it took years before geologists would accept the evidence .
Biologists had become so wedded to the idea of gradual change that when Niles Eldredge and Stephen Jay Gould introduced the idea of " punctuated equilibria " in 1972 , it was seen by some as an attempt to return to the pre-Lyell chaotic unpredictability of catastrophism .
Market watchers were still predicting ever higher peaks even as the " comet " of the coming disaster hung in the sky .
Lyell was absolutely right on the central point of his great book — the same processes that shape the past also shape the present .
But the present is n't only shaped by the drip - drip - drip of gradual change .
It 's also formed by asteroids , and eruptions , and floods .
The fossil record reveals that the kind of slow , steady change of species that Darwin originally proposed does occur , but periods of stability interrupted by times of accelerated transformation is a more typical pattern .
Not every change is predictable .
Not every change is gradual .
And steady contributions to a 401 k plan are not a guarantee of eventual wealth .
We all live in a " punctuated " world , one in which gradual processes are occasionally replaced by more momentous actions .
To Darwin 's great credit , he recognized that the difference between gradualism and catastrophism was often little more than a difference in degree .
Bird wings might not appear fully - formed , but he did accept that " everyone who believes in slow and gradual evolution , will of course admit that specific changes may have been as abrupt and as great as any single variation which we meet with under nature . "
Though his tendency was toward gradualism , Darwin was much less rigid in applying his theory than many of those who would come after him .
But if Darwin was willing to leaven his steadiness with a bit of abrupt change , Fitzroy never again seemed ready to make the move toward accepting gradualism as he had during that long voyage on the Beagle .
After Darwin revised his volume on the natural history of the expedition in 1845 , Fitzroy wanted no part of Darwin 's growing insistence on deep time and gradual change .
Instead , Fitzroy expressed great concern that such ideas might influence the next generation of young men , and devoted himself to a defense of literal interpretation of the Bible .
In 1860 , when The Origin of Species was published , FitzRoy felt crushed by guilt for the role he had played in helping bring natural selection to the world .
Though he was only fifty - five at the time , care and a lifelong struggle with depression had made Fitzroy frail and elderly .
He appeared at public meetings holding aloft a huge Bible and calling on people to believe " God , not man . "
For the most part , he was treated as a kook .
Even then , few people seemed to recognize that this was the man who had carried Darwin around the world , the inventor of the storm glass , the former governor , former MP , and vice - admiral of the navy .
He had become another face in the crowd , another voice lost in the storm brought about by Darwin 's theory .
Perhaps that was on Robert Fitzroy 's mind in 1865 , when he rose from bed one morning , passed his wife , and took his own life with a straight razor .
Or perhaps he was haunted by the fact that his family fortune was exhausted .
Vice - admiral Fitzroy , always the good public servant , had taken no money for his inventions and innovations .
As governor , he had made no land deals to assure his family 's wealth .
As MP he had made no arrangements to secure his financial future .
As harbormaster , he had taken no bribes when it came to supplying the Navy .
In fact , most of his money had gone for public expenses that the government was supposed to repay , but never had .
He died penniless .
A personal catastrophe to be sure , and one not softened by any form of pension .
However , following his death , a testimonial fund was established by sailors who had served with Fitzroy .
At their urging , the government repaid the equivalent of $ 330,000 ( half of what was owed ) to keep Fitzroy 's widow and children out of poverty .
Another $ 11,000 came by way of a donation from an old friend of the family — Charles Darwin .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. Congress will consider extending unemployment benefits after it returns in September to help 1.5 million Americans who risk exhausting them , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said on Friday .
“ Soon after Congress returns to Washington we ’ll need to address this matter , ” Reid said .
“ There is an economic case to be made for extending unemployment benefits . ”
The unemployment rate eased to 9.4 percent in July from 9.5 percent the prior month , according to Labor Department data released on Friday .
It was the first time the U.S. jobless rate has fallen since April 2008 .
But the number of long - term unemployed continues to rise as the country struggles with the longest recession since the Great Depression of the 1930s , and many analysts attributed the dip in July to people giving up the job hunt .
Data ranging from home sales to manufacturing have pointed to an economic revival , but the unemployment rate is expected to remain high , which could lead to an anemic recovery .
Obama administration officials say they still expect the unemployment rate to reach 10 percent this year .
As of July 25 , 6.31 million people were collecting long - term unemployment benefits , according to Labor Department data .
Some 1.5 million of those people could exhaust those benefits by the end of the end of the year , according to the National Employment Law Project .
“ We must help those who are suffering as a result of an economic crisis they did not create , ” Reid said .
Congress has already extended unemployment benefits for up to 79 weeks and Obama administration officials and Democratic leaders in the House of Representatives have said they will work to extend them further .
But that could widen the already yawning budget deficit , which shot up another $ 300 billion in July to reach a record $ 1.3 trillion for the first 10 months of fiscal 2009 , according to the Congressional Budget Office .
The CBO expects the budget deficit to top $ 1.8 trillion for the fiscal year which ends September 30 , in large measure due to a $ 787 economic stimulus bill passed by Congress in February .
Polls show rising public unease with the record deficit and Republicans have sharply criticized it .
“ Instead of seeking new ways to expand the government , this Congress needs to get back to the basics of deficit reduction , ” Republican Senator Judd Gregg said in a statement .
The abduction of the British computer expert Peter Moore and his four bodyguards was carried out partly in revenge for deadly bomb attacks in south - west Iran which Iranian officials blamed on Britain , according to a well - placed source in Baghdad .
The five men were abducted by an Iranian - backed group in 2007 and it is now believed four of them have been killed .
The fate of Mr Moore remains unclear .
The Iranians orchestrated the abduction through an Iraqi proxy , the Asaib al - Haq , which they largely controlled , the source said .
Their main motive was to obtain prisoners to be used as a bargaining chip to secure the release of Qais al - Khazali , the leader of Asaib al - Haq , and other imprisoned militants who had split from the movement led by the Shia anti-American cleric Muqtada al - Sadr .
But the Iranians had a second motive for targeting the British , says the source who , as a member of Mr Sadr 's movement , is well - informed about Asaib al - Haq and its supporters .
He says Iran was convinced Britain was backing Arab separatist groups in the Iranian oil province of Khuzestan which had made a series of bomb attacks on civilian targets , killing 28 people and wounding 225 in the two years before the kidnapping of the five Britons in Baghdad .
Khuzestan has an Arab minority of two million .
These bombings attracted little attention outside Iran , but were taken very seriously by the Iranians who furiously denounced the US and Britain for supporting small gangs of anti-government militants planting the explosives .
The attacks included four blasts in a single day in Ahvaz , the Iranian city across the Shatt al - Arab waterway from Basra , on June 2005 , which killed 11 people and wounded 87 .
The bombs were planted near government offices and a television station .
Targets were evidently chosen without regard for civilian casualties .
Iran blamed Britain , and British forces in Basra in particular , for the bombings in Ahvaz .
These incidents have never really stopped , the latest being the discovery in May this year of an explosive device in the toilet of an Iranian plane flying out of Ahvaz with 131 people on board which was defused before it blew up .
After two bombs exploded in Ahvaz in October 2005 , killing six people and wounding at least 100 , Iran 's Deputy Interior Minister , Mohammed Hossein Mousapour , said : " Most probably those involved in the explosion were British agents who were involved in the previous incidents in Ahvaz and Khuzestan . "
The Foreign Office publicly denied any British involvement for which Iran produced no evidence .
But at the time Mr Moore and his four security guards were kidnapped , America was escalating its own covert war against Iran .
It was revealed last year by the US newsletter Counterpunch that President George W Bush had asked Congress for $ 300 m ( £ 180 m ) to destabilise Iran by funding dissident groups .
" The covert activities involved support of the minority Ahwazi Arab and Baluchi groups and other dissident organisations , " added the journalist Seymour Hersh in The New Yorker magazine .
He said US special operations forces had been conducting cross - border operations into southern Iran during 2007 , seizing members of the al - Quds , the commando arm of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard , and bringing them back to Iraq for interrogation .
The fate of Mr Moore and the four British men working for the Canadian security company GardaWorld may have been affected by this tit - for - tat secret war between the Americans and the Iranians .
" The Iranians did not want to provoke the Americans into an all - out war , so Britain was a useful target as America 's main ally , " said one former Iraqi official .
He quoted the old Iraqi saying : " If you do n't dare fight your neighbour , you beat his dog . "
The Foreign Office has been blamed for its conduct of negotiations with the kidnappers , but its officials were faced with a uniquely complicated situation .
They had to deal not only with Asaib al - Haq , but with its shadowy Iranian backers and with the Americans , who actually had Qais al - Khazali and other militant leaders in prison .
It is unlikely that Mr Moore was abducted in order to suppress evidence of corruption in the finance ministry whose information service he was seeking to upgrade .
Ali Allawi , the former Iraqi finance minister , says the idea is " far - fetched " , though bureaucrats in the finance ministry were opposed to a new system of financial management which would have made the flow of government money more visible .
Mr Allawi says that official resistance in the finance ministry was sufficient to kill off the scheme .
The abduction by men dressed as interior ministry forces was not out of the ordinary in Baghdad at the time , where there was no clear boundary between police and death squads .
Belfast Telegraph
Exporters and Inspection agents from India Rough granite and marble blocks Granite slabs and tiles Granite and marble Counter , Vanity and kitchen tops Inspection services Satisfied clients across the world Started in 1988 with a mission to achieve success in the Indian granite export market , Wholesale Granite Tops has worked with various international granite companies and grown from strength to strength .
Now we are able to ...
More
Adventure and fun for Kids
Summer camp near Bangalore Ooty
Learned Orbital Mechanics , the study of how bodies move in space .
Learned what a Hohmann Transfer Orbit is and why to use it .
Learned what Lambert 's Theorem is , and how to apply it to missile guidance .
Wrote a Python program that did efficient calculations by generating a C program , compiling it , and then running it and talking to it via a pipe .
Read a ton of Wikipedia articles , Google Books books and old NASA tech reports on orbit planning and course corrections .
Learned how old - school Q-system guided missiles work .
Very clever use of ground - based computers to compute coefficient matrices that were fed into simple on - board analog computers for the duration of the flight .
Hanging out on IRC with 20 other contestants , trying to get the simulator to work .
Getting problems 1 and 2 to work .
Giving up on problem 3 , then thinking of a brute - force way of solving it while in the parking lot , about to drive home .
( Too bad I was n't further inspired to solve problem 4 . )
Seeing the pretty pictures of the satellite orbits for problem 4 .
Wasting an hour or so due to bugs in the specification
Wasting an hour writing a Tkinter alternative to turtle graphics , then not being able to get a Tkinter window to show up , then realizing that Tkinter graphics are so limited that there 's no feature benefit over using the already - working turtle graphics .
The buggy scoring in problem 1 encourages people to program - to - the - scorer rather than solve the stated problem .
I could probably increase my position in the standings by 10 places by hacking an " optimal " solution to problem 1 that uses all of the available fuel .
But it seems like a waste of time .
Having to give up on problem 4 .
Consider avoiding problems that require deep domain expertise .
There 's only so much orbital mechanics and numerical methods one can learn in 72 hours .
Do whatever it takes to ensure that your VM machine spec is correct .
In this case , just asking someone to spend a couple of hours implementing the spec would have exposed the show - stopping problems that everyone encountered .
Pace yourself on day two , to avoid burning out on day 3 .
Be sure you understand the scoring system .
For example problem 4 had partial credit , so a solution for problem 3 might have worked on problem 4 .
Scheduling work and family life to enable a free weekend for the contest worked out very well .
Do more planning , and keep an eye on how the work is progressing , to avoid spending too much time on unnecessary work .
" What 's the simplest thing that could possibly work " , and " you aint going to need it " are both good mottoes for this kind of contest .
Take a little time to refactor the code as you go along , to avoid slowing down due to barnacles .
( Example , passing the problem number all over the place because it was one of the inputs to the simulation , rather than special - casing it and setting it once in the VM . )
Analysis of programming languages I used in the contest
Rapid development due to no compilation time , clean sparse syntax , well designed libraries , plenty of documentation and help available on - line .
Turtle graphics made it dead simple to display satellite orbits
The " struct " package made it dead simple to import and export binary data .
The " subprocess " package made it easy to start and control other programs .
Python 3.1's exact printout of floating point values made it easier to tell what the math was doing .
( Other projects ran into problems with almost - zero values printing as zero . )
Slow .
I had to switch the simulation to C to have it run fast enough for problems 3 and 4
Global Interpreter Lock ( GIL ) - meant I could n't use multiple calculation threads written in Python in one process .
( And my machine 's got 8 hardware threads . :-) )
Lack of static type checking is frustrating when program run times are long : I had a half - hour period wasted debugging simple errors that only occurred after 2 minutes of simulation run-time that a static type checker would have caught immediately .
To be fair , I could also have caught them with unit testing .
Very simple to write code .
Runs really fast . :-)
Why My VM's Cool
How I solved the problems
Conclusions
I just threw in the towel on the ICFP 2009 Programming Contest
The problem this year was a set of 4 sub - problems related to orbital mechanics , plus a virtual machine spec .
The virtual machine was used to enable the problems to be specified exactly , without worrying about differences in the order of math operations .
Implementing the virtual machine was easy and fun .
Unfortunately , actually solving the final sub - problem required learning too much math and physics .
I was able to solve problems 1 and 2 , and make an entry for the lightning round .
And I brute - forced a solution for problem 3 .
But now , 56 hours into the contest , I am giving up on problem 4. I can see the general outline of how to solve it , but it would take sharper tools than I have now .
For example , I 'd like a way of solving Lambert 's equations , but I 'm having trouble deriving the code on my own , and the best example I 've found while searching the web is a 30 - year - old NASA Space Shuttle Fortran program .
Also , I 'm pretty tired , and this is affecting my judgment .
I do n't think it 's worth going on at this point .
Some fun things I did during the contest :
Highlights of the contest : Low - lights of the contest :
My advice to ( future ) contest organizers : Advice to myself for future contests : I used Python and C . I actually completed the lightning round in pure Python .
Benefits of PythonDrawbacks of PythonBenefits of CI wanted to explain how my VM implementation worked , because I think it probably ran faster than most other VMs .
I wrote a Python - based VM as a reference .
Then I wrote a VM generator that would read a VM spec and generate hard - coded C to implement that specific spec .
I used a " comparer " VM to compare the output of the two VMs to make sure that there were no bugs in the generated C version .
The hard - coded C VM was really hard coded to each problem .
All the VM instruction interpretation overhead was removed .
In addition , because the VM did n't have any indirection , the " mem " array was replaced by hundreds of individual local variables .
This allowed the C compiler to do a very good job of optimizing the code , because it could easily tell there was no aliasing .
I included a simple interactive shell in each generated hard - coded C program .
The console let you set inputs , run " n " simulation steps , and read the outputs .
This made it easy for me to control the simulation from Python .
It also made it easy to hand - test the C simulation .
One feature I meant to add , but ran out of time / energy for , was to save and restore the state of the simulation .
This would have been very helpful in solving problem 4 . Problem 1 : Wrote Python VM .
Implemented Hohmann transfers as described in a Wikipedia article Problem 2 : Calculated the correct time to start the Hohmann transfer analytically .
( I read about how to do this in a textbook I found through Google books . )
Added simple brute - force docking code to match orbits exactly .
No fancy " S " curves for me .
( And wasted about an hour wondering why I did n't score , because early versions of the contest problem spec did n't say you had to turn off your engine for 900 seconds .
I finally figured this out by disassembling the VM to see why the score was n't being set properly . )
Problem 3 : Used my fast VM to compute a table of where the satellites would be over time , then wrote a set of nested for loops that tried various Hohmann transfers at various times looking for a solution .
The precomputed tables meant I could just look up where the target satellite would be for any time in the future , rather than having to do complex elliptical math .
Problem 4 : Only got as far as simulating and visualizing this one ( boy the orbits are pretty ! )
Too tired to continue .
I was planning on using a variation of the brute - force approach that solved problem 3 , with save - and - restore of the simulator state , because I would have to recompute the table of locations for my rocket each time its orbit changed .
Upon reflection , I think that this particular contest , especially problems 3 and 4 , is best suited to a C / C++ solution .
This is due to the heavy reliance on numerical methods to calculate the optimal trajectories .
I liked that there were multiple versions of each problem .
It made it easier to tell if we were making progress , and also allowed whole - program - level parallelization to make use of muticore machines to solve the problems in parallel .
While I expect the ultimate contest winners will code in a mutable - state static - type - checked compiled language like C/C++ , I predict Haskell will do fairly well in the contest , due to its speed and the ease with which it handles math .
However , the winners will probably have a good grasp of orbital mechanics , and it seems that someone who knows the math is more likely to be using C - like - languages .
Well that 's it , now I 'm looking forward to next year !
P.S. Here 's a Wiki with other team writeups :
Darren James saw the news flash on his TV screen last week : A porn actress had tested positive for HIV .
James , 45 , felt a moment of shock , then sadness .
“ I feel really bad for this girl , ” he said .
“ One thing I can say , I just wish her well .
It ’s the worst thing to get that call . ”
It ’s the call James got in 2004 when the well - liked porn star known for his courteous nature on set found himself at the center of an HIV outbreak in the San Fernando Valley ’s multibillion - dollar porn industry .
His diagnosis , and the spread of the virus to three actresses he had worked with , shut down porn production for a month .
He had tested HIV negative just days before performing on screen .
Advertisement
“ I predicted it would happen again , ” he said late last week in an interview at his attorney ’s Woodland Hills office , his second since his name became public five years ago .
James , dressed in trim black slacks and a fitted black T - shirt that showed off his muscular frame , said he decided to speak out now because he hoped his story would spur the porn industry to require condoms , rarely used in straight porn films .
The latest HIV case in the porn industry became public last week when officials from the San Fernando Valley - based Adult Industry Medical Healthcare Foundation said a female porn performer had tested positive .
The acknowledgment came as rumors about a new HIV infection spread on porn websites .
Officials from the clinic , which serves the porn community , have said the woman most recently worked June 5 , the day after undergoing tests for HIV and other sexually transmitted diseases .
The medical director , Colin Hamblin , and co-founder , Sharon Mitchell , have given conflicting statements on whether the woman ’s test results first came back positive June 4 or June 6 .
Advertisement
Regardless , clinic officials said the woman should not have worked on June 5 since she had last tested negative April 29 , outside the industry ’s voluntary requirement that performers show negative test results within the last 30 days .
Los Angeles County public health officials said last week that the woman ’s case , which has not officially been reported to them , would mark the 22nd report of an HIV infection in an adult film performer since 2004 .
When he worked as a porn star , James said , he followed the clinic ’s guidelines closely , paying $ 100 a month out of his own funds to be tested .
The rules , he thought , kept him protected , even as he routinely worked without condoms .
If everyone had to test , he reasoned , everyone was safe .
By April 2004 , he was at the pinnacle of his career , traveling to foreign countries to shoot films , sometimes working six days a week and two or three scenes a day .
Advertisement
“ You ’re like Superman .
Especially with the amount of work that I had ?
It was nonstop , ” James said .
“ I ’m thinking , I ’m invincible .
. . .
That ’s just the way our mentality was .
It was , you get the test , you ’re clean , not realizing that in between the tests , and after the tests , you know , other people , you do n’t know what they ’re doing . ”
The call that changed his life came as James was getting ready to book tickets to Japan for another international shoot .
AIM clinic officials told him he was HIV positive .
And , he said , they told him they planned to release his name publicly .
He asked them not to -- in part out of concern for his parents who did not know how he made his living -- but they did anyway .
“ It was like a hit in the gut , ” James said .
“ My whole world stops . . . . Life was pretty much over . ”
Advertisement
A Detroit native , James said he joined the Navy after high school , working in the construction battalion .
When he left the Navy in 1989 , he settled in Southern California , attracted by the sunny weather .
He planned to pursue a career in law enforcement but struggled to find work .
At times , he was homeless .
At one point , he lived at a friend ’s gym .
Then , in 1997 , another friend referred him to a modeling gig in the San Fernando Valley , which turned out to be a porn shoot .
Desperate for cash , he performed , the shoot went well , and he was hired for more scenes .
In the beginning , he worked as a standby performer without getting credit , making little money .
But by 2004 he had loyal fans and was earning a good living .
Then he got the HIV diagnosis .
Distraught , James said , he bought a bus ticket to Tijuana , planning to disappear .
But the news spread quickly .
In Mexico , he saw TV footage with a photo of him smirking as if , he said , he was smirking at the situation .
Advertisement
In Tijuana , James said , he tried to kill himself .
After the attempt , he woke up days later in a hospital near San Diego .
It took him months to recover , he said .
He later found out that his mother learned about his diagnosis , and his porn career , on TV at her church .
In 2005 , James sued the AIM clinic and several of its officials , alleging medical negligence and invasion of privacy .
His suicide attempt and the turmoil caused by disclosure of his name are among the lawsuit ’s contentions .
James and his attorney said the case settled out of court under terms that they not disclose the amount .
James said he recently started talking to public health officials and young adults about his experiences and is studying to become an HIV counselor .
Other than a bad knee and bad back , James said , his health has remained good and his viral count is low .
James , who looks as if he is in his mid-30s rather than his mid-40s , has worked steadily as a security guard since recovering from his suicide attempt .
He said his porn past and HIV - positive status have cost him some jobs when he is recognized , but he still wants to speak out .
His story , he said , might get the attention of people who could require condom use on porn sets .
Advertisement
“ That ’s why I want to come out and do a little more , if I can .
And if it ’s just to help . . . just to get them to listen .
Not to boast up porn , not at all , just to make people be aware that I got caught up , man .
I thought I was invincible , and I got shot down so fast .
. . .
There ’s some really good people , and they want to change . ”
Asked whether he felt he was to blame for infecting the three women with whom he had performed , James said : “ I do n’t know what to say on that one .
I wish I could just go back and rewind that time .
If it was just me and myself in place of them not having it , I would do that .
But I can ’t . ”
--
ron.lin@latimes.com
As I already wrote about it , there was this annoying question on the Marketing BOF at YAPC :: EU 2009 on how can we measure success of the promotional or marketing project we are planning to do .
It is still unclear to me what are the objectives of others and I am sure some people will even say , that Perl does not need any promotion but the presence of those who came to the Marketing BOF confirmed that I am far from being alone in my thinking that Perl needs promotion .
I think I am also on the ambitious end of those who think we need more marketing .
Some would say I am just a dreamer .
So let me do just that here .
We need some measurable objectives and a time frame to achieve those .
I mentioned some of the general objectives in my previous post , let me try to describe a few specific and mostly measurable objectives along with a target date .
We can of course add more such objectives and discuss these too and set all of them to some reasonable value .
As we cannot really be sure which of the following is achievable at all IMHO we should say that by a certain date we would like to achieve some of these objectives .
Let 's say by end of 2012 we would like to achieve at least 3 out of the following targets :
Perl as an approved corporate programming language Turn Perl into an approved corporate programming language by 10 % of the Fortune 1000 companies
I wonder how many of those companies have a list of approved languages and which are those languages .
Before we can actually set an objective like this we should try to find out this and also try to find out how we can check this .
To make it clear , this means that Perl has entered in the short list of supported and recommended languages of the organization .
To refine this we could say 10 % of those that have any approved languages list .
I wonder how many of those companies have a list of approved languages and which are those languages .
Before we can actually set an objective like this we should try to find out this and also try to find out how we can check this .
To make it clear , this means that Perl has entered in the short list of supported and recommended languages of the organization .
To refine this we could say 10 % of those that have any approved languages list .
The same with the Fortune Global 500 so it will be clear our efforts are global .
Increase number of job posts
Double the number of jobs as listed on JobStats .
Currently I see the following data : Skill 30 days 90 days 1 year Java All Jobs 5,430 15,502 84,736 PHP All Jobs 2,150 6,395 35,772 Perl All Jobs 1,342 3,859 22,229 Python All Jobs 666 1,841 9,134 Ruby All Jobs 333 1,023 4,871
Doubling these numbers for Perl would be a nice achievement .
Currently I see the following data : Doubling these numbers for Perl would be a nice achievement .
Increase the number of job posts on dice.com that have " perl programming " in their description .
I could not find the data for the baseline .
Increase the monthly number of job posts on jobs .
perl.org to be 500 per month
This is three times as many as the peak was and about 8 - 9 times of the current numbers .
See the stats .
The increase here can come from both an increased number of overall perl jobs or by more companies and recruiters knowing about this site .
Someone could try to " game " the system by contacting all the companies looking for a Perl programmer and suggesting them to post on this site as well .
I would say such a behavior is most welcome .
That would be part of the promotion of Perl to make sure companies are aware of the services the community can offer them .
Increase the number of Perl book sales Increase the number of Perl book sales to be the number 5 group in the O'Reilly report .
The latest report from July 2009 indicated a decline in the whole market but I think I saw real numbers on in an earlier report from February 2009 Based on that I have this slightly rounded data on 1000 units sold for some of the languages I found relevant .
Language 2008 2007 C# 272 232 Java 211 242 PHP
173 159 Visual Basic 72 100 Ruby 61 96 Python 60 46 Perl 29 38 Lua 11 2
As an objective we can say that we would like to see the number of Perl books sold to reach 60,000 .
Get some major web - sites proudly display a " using Perl " logo Have 15 of the top 500 websites ( as listed by Alexa ) proudly display a " using Perl " logo .
For this first of all we need to figure out which companies are making heavy use of Perl that are listed among the top 500 websites .
Then we should contact them and encourage them to display a logo .
Of course they might want to have a nice logo to display and they might want to link to somewhere , so we have to make sure there is a web - site they would be ready to link to .
We could use this opportunity to try to understand why are they reluctant to put up a link - if that is the case - and see if we can change that .
Increase traffic on major Perl web sites Looking at Alexa again I searched for perl and found the following numbers : Rank Site Comment 9,605 cpan.org 92 % search.cpan.org , 5.4 % cpan.org , 2 % kobesearch.cpan.org 18,458 perl.org ( 50 % went to perldoc.perl.org 18 % went to perl.org see ) 21,231 perlmonks.org 38,831 perl.com 273,104 perlfoundation.org
In order to compare I searched for a couple of other keywords and found these : Rank Site Comment 931 php.net 975 java.com 6,736 python .
org 7.095 php.de 11,329 rubyonrails.org 19,007 selfphp.de 30,929 ruby - lang.org 70,586 diveintopython.org 74,125 php.ru
I am sure we have to invest more energy in locating other representative web sites and in analyzing this data .
We then should set a target ranking for the perl related web sites .
Getting two perl related web sites in the top 5000 sites should be a good target .
Increase traffic on IRC channels , web forums and mailing lists , blogging sites I have not looked for data on this , someone should see if we can have statistics on number of posts , number of ( new ) users , number of threads etc .
Publish at least 100 articles about Perl Publish at least 100 articles about Perl in important magazines and on important web sites .
This might be more of a tool in our quest than an objective and I do n't heave a ready made list of important journals but I think we can easily put together an initial list and we can measure the number of articles .
Improve the perception of Perl I guess if Ovid and others can manage to run a market research now that will help us analyze the state of the market and the perception of the world of Perl outside the community we could set some targets based on those data .
The achievements then could me measured later by running a similar research again a few years from now .
Increase the number of contributors to the Perl world During YAPC :: EU we saw some encouraging numbers in terms of number of new CPAN uploads and number of new authors .
( See the blog post of Mark Keating about Perl is alive , kicking and stronger than ever !
That seems to mean that there is disconnect between what the people in the Perl community do and what happens outside of the community , in the more general user - base .
Ohloh indicates that number of Perl projects and the number of commits are increasing but their percentages are sharply dropping .
I wonder if we can set some objectives in either of these metrics too ?
No conclusion yet We need to invest more energy in finding metrics that we think can be interesting and we should decide on some objectives that are reasonable to reach in a few years .
Update Updated on 19 August 2009 : I found the link to Job Trends by Indeed
Microsoft 's new search engine Bing has been receiving pretty impressive reviews since it launched a couple months back , and now the company is introducing one more reason to skip Google : using Twitter updates .
In a blog post by Sean Suchter , the general manager of its Silicon Valley Search Technology Center , Microsoft revealed that it would present the most recent Tweets of popular celebrities when users enter a relevant name into the search engine .
In other words , enter " Al Gore " into the search field and you 'll receive the former vice president 's last few Tweets -- probably something about the environment or inventing the Internet .
Number of Twitterers Limited , For Now
According to Suchter , the plan to incorporate Twitter has been in the works for some time .
" We 've been watching this phenomenon with great interest , and listening carefully to what consumers really want in this space , " he said .
" Today we 're unveiling an initial foray into integrating more real time data into our search results , starting with some of the more prominent and prolific Twitterers from a variety of spheres .
This includes Tweets from folks from our own search technology and business sphere like Danny Sullivan or Kara Swisher . "
( Source : businessweek.com )
Unfortunately , the service thus far is limited to celebrities of the tech world and mainstream North American popular culture .
You can find the random thoughts of American Idol host Ryan Seacrest , but a search for cousin Lou from Seattle wo n't end with Tweets .
Although it 's hard to know exactly how many people 's Tweets will be available through a Bing search , Suchter estimates the number to be about a few thousand .
( Source : pcworld.com )
MS Open to Suggestions
If there 's enough positive feedback the Redmond - based firm could push the project further .
" We think this is an interesting first step toward using Twitter 's public API to surface Tweets in people search .
We 'd love to hear your feedback as we think through future possibilities in real time search , " said Suchter .
Tags
On June 28 , 1934 , Franklin Delano Roosevelt signed into law the National Housing Act ( NHA ) of 1934 .
Hugh Potter , president of the National Association of Real Estate Boards ( NAREB ) called it " the most fundamental legislation … ever enacted affecting real estate and home ownership . "
While federal intervention in housing had begun in 1932 under the supposedly laissez - faire Hoover , Potter 's assessment was correct in the sense that the act broke new ground in terms of the range of public - private collaboration — and the unintended destructive consequences of such .
Let 's get the boring housekeeping facts out of the way first : NHA 1934 created the Federal Housing Administration ( FHA ) , which insured private lenders against losses on loans ; made loans to lenders ; " insured " lender mortgages meeting certain criteria ( including much longer loans up to 20 years in length , periodic payments by a borrower " not in excess of his reasonable ability to pay , " and interest ceilings ) ; established national mortgage associations that purchased and sold mortgages and issued securities funding such activity ; and created the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation ( FSLIC ) , which insured savings and loan ( S&L ) deposits .
( Recall that FSLIC — pronounced Fizz ' - lick in the industry — after repeated bailouts , fizzled into insolvency for the last time before being abolished in 1989 . )
The insuring of much longer mortgage loans is key here .
In 1930 , about 33 % of American households owned their own homes and by 1990 that figure had risen to about 67 % .
The typical mortgage was 5 years in length ending in a balloon payment ( principal plus interest ) .
Even though these loans were usually renewed for another 5 - year term and were a better reflection of natural scarcity , the system still drew accusations of favoring the upper middle class and the wealthy .
The government solution , beginning with NHA 1934 , was 20 - and 30 - year fixed - interest - rate mortgages repaid in small amounts over time to greatly boost house affordability .
This writer , who studied the private - interest dynamics of the time in graduate work , found little evidence , to his surprise , that the class - based criticism of the old mortgage system came predominately from progressives .
All the evidence examined clearly revealed progressives desiring more state intervention in terms of housing for the poor , but none asserting that the only suitable dwellings for the poor and lower middle classes were detached houses and some sort of government - given right of affordability to such .
( Of course today 's progressives in the Obama administration and the Heather Booths of groups such as ACORN are a different matter .
Some of them certainly do assert beliefs bearing some resemblance to the latter . )
The most powerful interests pushing the bill were the usual selectively free - market Republican - leaning bankers , realtors , builders , building - materials manufacturers , and even some architects .
One of the most powerful interests at the time was the National Association of Real Estate Boards ( NAREB ) .
Leonard Freedman wrote that
these antigovernmental crusades [ waged by NAREB against public housing ] were hypocritical .
No industry has received more help from government than the business of housing .
NAREB had advocated a federally chartered mortgage discount bank in the 1920s and early 1930s and was strongly supportive of the Federal Housing Administration and other agencies which employed the resources of the federal government to underwrite the credit structure of the housing industry .
To the Home Builders , FHA was indispensable .
They were also firm believers in the Federal National Mortgage Administration and the VA mortgage program .
While the savings and loan leagues had no use for most of these programs , they had promoted and supported the Home Loan Bank in the 1930s , and it became one of their main props .
While the S&L leagues may not have had much use for some federal programs , the S&L industry would eventually come to be destroyed by the replacement of the 5 - year mortgage with the artificial 20 - year amortized mortgage , plus regulatory and tax incentives that encouraged S&Ls to load over 80 % of their asset portfolios with the new longer - term mortgages .
It is amazing how long the system remained stable before calamity struck .
In legend at least , from the end of World War II to about the mid-1960s , the sleepy and idyllic world of the S&L executive conformed to the rule of 3 - 6 - 3 : pay your depositors 3 % , earn 6 % on their home loans , and be on the golf course by 3:00 p.m .
Even though it was released early during this period , the 1946 movie It 's a Wonderful Life and its beloved protagonist George Bailey ( Jimmy Stewart ) , who operated an S&L in the fictional Bedford Falls , propagates this wholesome apple - pie , church - steeple , red - white - and - blue small - town narrative .
While there could have been at least a little more than a grain of truth to this story , Martin Mayer reveals the part that resembles Shirley Jackson 's " The Lottery " :
[ d ] espite its lovely reputation … the old fashioned S&L was a nest of conflicting interests that squawked for sustenance from the customers ' deals .
On its board were the builder , the appraiser , the real estate broker , the lawyer , the title insurance company , and the casualty insurance company .
( Also the accountant : One mutual S&L in Ohio that lost virtually all of its depositors ' money was audited by an accountant who sat on the board , and nobody thought there was anything wrong with that . )
Plus there was somebody from the dominant political party and from one of the churches .
Many little mouths to feed .
It is not unfair to say that nobody controlled what this board did .
The beginning of the end came in about 1965 .
The rise in interest rates in the two decades after World War II posed little threat to S&Ls .
The interest rate on 10 - year T - bonds was 2.8 % in 1953 and 4 % by 1963 .
The yield curve remained normal throughout this period ( i.e. , short - term rates were lower than long - term rates ) .
The years between 1965 and 1982 were a different story .
By 1982 , the rate on 10 - year T - bonds was 13.9 % and , even worse for S&Ls , the rate on 1 - year T - bills was 14 % .
Not only had rates risen dramatically ; the yield curve had inverted as well .
The Fed had struck again .
For S&Ls , the rule of 3 - 6 - 3 had turned into 8 - 6 - 0 , quickly sinking them into heavier and heavier losses .
To bring a quick end to a long story , the Fed used Regulation Q ( its authority to set maximum rates on time deposits given to it by the Banking Act of 1933 ) for the first time to lower ( instead of raise ) deposit rates in 1967 .
FDIC and FSLIC extended the rate ceiling over every institution they had jurisdiction over .
Along came Henry Brown and Bruce Bent in 1971 with an innovation known as the money market fund ( MMF ) that was not subject to Regulation Q. Fidelity , Dreyfus , and Merrill Lynch quickly followed their example .
Funds poured out of banks and thrifts into MMFs .
The " deregulation " wave in the 1970s began under Gerald Ford ( not Jimmy Carter , as is commonly asserted ) with the railroad industry in 1976 .
Carter was involved in enacting the first financial " deregulation , " the Depository Institutions Deregulation and Monetary Control Act ( DIDMCA ) of 1980 .
The Garn - St. Germain
Act was enacted in 1982 during the Reagan administration .
Neither was truly deregulatory .
DIDMCA raised the deposit - insurance ceiling to a whopping ( at least in 1980 ) $ 100,000 , increasing the moral - hazard problem .
Both allowed thrifts only limited diversification of their asset portfolios .
Both completely failed and in 1989 the industry was bailed out with hundreds of billions of dollars .
Parallels to Today
Back to NHA 1934 .
In terms of the unforeseeable and destructive effects of government regulation , it 's difficult to find a better example of a time bomb : it was set in 1934 to explode in $ 147 billion ( about $ 239 billion in 2008 dollars ) of damage 55 years later .
Then , to top it all off , the free market received the blame !
Alan Blinder ( kind of the Paul Krugman of the late 1980s ) would write in his Keynesian College economics textbook that
[t ] he rash of bankruptcies in the savings and loan industry in the 1980s seemed to support those who claimed that deregulation had gone too far … [ as the ] industry began to be populated by financial cowboys … [ so that ] much imprudent risk - taking and mismanagement was tolerated , and the industry was beset by an outrageous amount of fraud .
It 's a hilarious assessment , as only about 4 % of the cost of the debacle resulted from private fraud ( and this because state regulators left the S&Ls ' vault doors open ) .
The largest portion ( 29 % ) consisted of the state fraud of $ 43 billion in interest costs accrued because zombie S&Ls were kept on life support by regulators hiding their balance - sheet deficiencies with accounting gimmicks .
On the current economy and housing debacle , Paul Krugman , writing just last May , blames everything on Garn - St. Germain , pretending as if DIDMCA and all the problems of the previous decades leading up to it never happened .
This is not to defend the Republicans , who created havoc as well as the Democrats did , but to point out the holes in Krugman 's " salvation through regulation " demagoguery .
His portrayal of the " responsible " New Deal is laughable .
For NHA 1934 did n't just help create the S&L crater ; it helped — every bit as much as the Fed and other factors — to pave the way for today 's acre upon acre of half - cleared land and half - finished subdivisions , and street upon unlit street of vacant homes with for - sale signs in front of them with few prospective buyers in sight .
( Environmentalists would seem to be natural enemies of the true cause of miles upon miles of ugly suburban sprawl , yet they overwhelmingly fix the blame on the " greed of the free market . " )
Rethinking Robert Taft
While the establishment Left is certainly horrible on the issue of housing , the Right has its own shameful legacy as well .
In 1943 , the National Resources Planning Board had already been anticipating the end of the war and drawing up extensive plans that were so ambitious for socializing US housing markets that they were practically communist .
So alarming were the board 's plans that the House of Representatives ended its funding for fiscal year 1944 .
Little better over the long run was the board 's de facto successor , the Senate Subcommittee on Housing and Urban Redevelopment , led by Senator Robert Taft of Ohio .
Taft declared that housing was an exception to laissez - faire and that restoration of urban areas was impossible without federal intervention .
This represented a huge victory for advocates of government intervention since it blurred ideological differences on the issue of government involvement in housing markets .
Out of Taft 's committee came many ideas that were eventually implemented in the Housing Act of 1949 .
( Bewilderingly ,
Taft still seems to be included in the history of notable free - market politicians .
Yet it would seem unthinkable for Ron Paul to participate in anything close to what Taft did . )
The current housing debacle was n't caused by " eight years of cowboy capitalism ushered in by George W. Bush " and there was never any real deregulation of any sort at any time .
It was a project created over three - quarters of a century by fascists from both parties .
25 - 27 Queen Street , Fingal Head 2487
House 3 1 2 $ 2,450,000 ...
If you have always wanted a home or weekender in a quiet beach side village , then this may be the one for you !
Unique and full of character , this classic beach ...
After nearly five years in draft , the next - generation Wi -Fi standard is set to be finalized in September .
Officially known as 802.11n and often referred to as " Wireless N , " the new standard paves the way for blazing fast high definition video and data at home .
Products based on the final 802.11 n standard could offer up to 600 Mbps connectivity speeds , plus the ability to have up to four simultaneous streams of high - definition video , voice and data through the house .
The standard also promises easy backward compatibility , which means new devices will work smoothly with older products .
For consumers , the difference in speed and range will be palpable , says Will Strauss , an analyst with Forward Concepts .
" Speed is everything and videos are the main driver for this technology , " he says .
" When you are home you want to get to YouTube fast and watch video and have a phone connection and surf . "
The 802.11n standard is the successor to the 802.11g Wi-Fi protocol , which offers speeds of up to 54 Mbps .
The 802.11n standard 's most important addition has been the multiple - input multiple - output capability , also known as MIMO .
MIMO allows for multiple antennas to resolve more information quickly .
Although 802.11n wo n't be final until next month , manufacturers have been making products based on a draft version of the standard for several years .
These typically offer two or three channels to send and receive data or voice respectively .
They also limit the overall speed to much less than the 600 Mbps that newer standard offers .
" So far we have had products based on the version of 802.11 n that is fairly basic , " says Kelly Davis - Felner , marketing director for the W - Fi alliance .
" Now we are likely to see more devices that have all the bells and whistles in place . "
Chip makers are racing to deliver on that promise .
At the Computex show last month , Qualcomm introduced a chip that could make 802.11n a dream standard for users .
Qualcomm 's chip offers 4x4 transmit and receive capability , meaning that it uses four separate streams to distribute concurrent voice , video and data in either the 5GHz or 2.4 GHz radio bands .
" At the least we can get six times the speed of the current 802.11g standard , " says Mike Concannon , senior vice president of connectivity and wireless modules for Qualcomm .
" That means we can transmit high definition video across multiple rooms in a pretty large house with just one access point . "
The chip , WCN 1320 , is expected to be available in consumer devices , such as routers and set - top boxes , early next year .
Qualcomm competitors such as Broadcom and Atheros are fighting to catch up .
The latter have chips based on the 802.11n draft standard but only with 2x2 or 3x3 MIMO capability , for either two or three simultaneous data channels .
Qualcomm 's latest chip also promises coverage of a 4,000 square feet with a single access point , compared to the two or more repeaters or boosters that would be required to cover the same area with 802.11g products .
" The challenge with today 's Wi-Fi is rate vs. range , " says Concannon .
" In your house if you are right next to the access point you can get really good data rate but if you go around the corner not so much . "
So if you have a McMansion or just a weird layout , that means adding repeaters or multiple access points to boost the range .
There is some fine print .
The high speeds and MIMO capability work best only when devices such as notebooks and routers support it .
Though the standard is be backward compatible , supporting older devices will cramp its style .
" To have true 4x4 MIMO capability , both ends of the connection need to support that feature , " says Strauss .
" The notebooks and desktops that we have today wo n't help . "
Qualcomm says it is working with device makers to help bring the chips to upcoming products .
See Also :
Photo : ( Florian / Flickr )
Horace Cooper is the latest person to be indicted in the growing and ongoing Abramoff Scandal .
He was an inside man for Abramoff from at least 1996 through Abramoff ’s fall from power in 2005 — first as a long - time staffer for former Republican Majority Leader Dick Armey , then as a Bush appointment to the Voice of America and finally as a Bush appointment to the Department of Labor .
Cooper ’s indictment is a reminder to the GOP that their long tainted history of corruption with Abramoff and other lobbyists is far from over .
It is a busy summer .
A lot is going on and it is hard to keep track of big stories in the news , especially in late August when they are almost always overshadowed the " shark attack " news story of any given year ( this summer I would give the non-news story award to " angry " conservatives being WATB in the face of a changing world .
In a related story I ’m told that a bear crapped in the woods , but I digress ) .
The ongoing investigation into the Abramoff scandal is a very big story that is flying under the radar .
In January I wrote about the status of the investigation as the year began .
16 people had pled guilty or were convicted in trial .
Since then at least another five have been indicted and there may be more plea deals that are under seal .
A lot of people are talking and the Kevin Ring Trial gives all that chatter a focal point .
Already lots of details are coming out .
Some of the best reporting on this case is currently being done by The Anti-Corruption Republican ( ACR ) a blogger from Tom DeLay ’s old District in Texas .
He is a conservative Republican .
I ’m a liberal Democrat .
And yet we see eye to eye when it comes to fighting corruption in Washington .
His work is outstanding .
It is well researched , detailed , fair and comprehensive .
In a recent post from last Thursday he reported that the DOJ has 30 co-conspirators in the scandal ( emphasis added ) :
The first item we want to report is some fascinating information that came out during the discussion over Exhibit 566 : Exhibit 566 : Email from [ Pat , full name Padgett ] Wilson to Ring , " RE : dave mattthews band " ; 2/4/2002 [ snip ] .
Mr. Ring 's defense team objected to the inclusion of this Exhibit on the basis of relevance ( FRE 403 ) , and Ring attorney Andrew Wise made a spirited case to Judge Huvelle extending far beyond relevance .
Mr. Wise made it clear that he felt that the inclusion of " oriental massage " and " hookers " would be very prejudicial to his client .
Mr. Wilson had been interviewed previously on this matter and had stated that he had only been joking and that no massages or hookers were ever offered up to anyone .
Judge Huvelle asked the government who Mr. Wilson was , and whether the government planned to use him as a witness .
DoJ attorney Michael Ferrara said the government did not intend to call Mr. Wilson as a witness .
< span style= " background : yellow ; " >
In fact , Mr. Ferrara said , " The government considers Mr. Wilson to be a co-conspirator . " </ span > Judge Huvelle asked , < span style= " background : yellow ; " >" Just how many co-conspirators do you have in the Abramoff case ? " </ span > [ paraphrased ] < span style= " background : yellow ; " >
Mr. Ferrara answered that there are 30 co-conspirators .
He said 17 have already been named .</ span >
This leaves another 13 individuals still to be formally identified as co-conspirators in the case .
Based on the government 's Exhibit List and today 's status conference , we can now name 4 of these conspirators : Julie Doolittle
Padgett ( Pat ) Wilson - Team Abramoff ( named today )
Jennifer Farley - White House Intergovernmental Affairs ( named today )
Susan Ralston - Karl Rove 's assistant ( named today )
As some may remember Susan Ralston was Jack Abramoff ’s long - time secretary and assistant before she " left " his services to work for Karl Rove in the WH .
So , according to the DOJ , Karl Rove ’s secretary was engaged in a conspiracy with Jack Abramoff to defraud the American people .
If the ACR is correct there are nine co-conspirators waiting in the wings to be named .
Based on what I know , it would be reasonable to include DeLay , Doolittle , Don Young and Karl Rove on a list of possible co-conspirators .
And based on the latest Abramoff indictment it might be worthwhile to add Dick Armey to the list of possible co-conspirators .
The latest indictment is Horace Cooper .
And that would leave only eight co-conspirators yet to be named .
Now I ’ll bet your wondering who Horace Cooper is and why his indictment is a big deal .
Well , Horace Cooper is a long - time Republican gadfly and a grifter .
His bio on the now defunct HoraceCooper.com web site states :
Horace Cooper is a writer and legal commentator .
He previously served as Counsel to the Honorable Richard K. Armey , Majority Leader of the United States House of Representatives from 1994 – 2002 .
He is a Senior Fellow with the National Center for Public Policy Research and the Centre for New Black Leadership .
Horace Cooper ’s interests include the current issues involving law and American society , political forecasting , the United States Supreme Court .
Media Experience : Most recently , Cooper has been an expert guest on Court TV : Banfield and Ford and ABC ’s Nightline .
Cooper has participated in hundreds of radio interviews and appeared on dozens of national television shows including On the Record with Greta Van Susteren , Hannity and Colmes , Fox and Friends , CNN Loud [ sic ]
Dobbs , MSNBC ’s Scarborough Country , C- SPAN ’s Morning Journal , and the The Tavis Smiley Show .
In addition to television , Cooper has been interviewed on National Public Radio and is regularly featured in print in the National Review , Human Events , Washington Times , and serves as senior columnist for Townhall.com .
Former professor Cooper often appears on university and association panels and is available to make expert appearances and for interviews if the subject matter is appropriate to his expertise .
And a GOPAC bio for Cooper described him this way :
Called a Republican " Top Gun " in a front page Washington Times profile , Horace Cooper is a Senior Fellow with the Washington , DC based think tanks , the Centre for New Black Leadership and the National Center for Public Policy Research .
He also writes a regular political analysis column for the Washington Times , United Press International and GOPUSA .
Rush Limbaugh once lamented that he was a " black man in America who happens to be conservative that the news media consistently ignores , " but now Horace Cooper appears frequently on radio and television discussing such issues as crime ( OJ Simpson trial and capital punishment ) , education reform , telecommunication , urban family issues ( affirmative action and anti-drug legalization ) , government ethics ( Clinton Impeachment ) , workplace issues ( minimum wage and immigration ) , and congressional reform ( term limits and election predictions ) , and community renewal ( school choice and faith based assistance programs ) .
Listed by Washington , DC's National Journal as a member of the " GOP 's Youth Brigade , " he was a regular guest on Bill Maher 's " Politically Incorrect " prior to its cancellation .
Horace Cooper also regularly speaks / debates on college and university campuses across the country and has served four years on the GMU Board of Visitors , the board of trustees of George Mason University .
Until November 2001 , he was a senior aide to then Majority Leader Dick Armey , ( Coalitions Director , Counsel , and Press Secretary ) where he worked for over a decade .
A confirmed cigar smoker ( profiled in Cigar Aficionado ) , Horace Cooper was also the Chief of Staff and Deputy Director of the Voice of America ( the U.S. international broadcasting arm ) for a year .
A graduate of the GMU School of Law and the University of Texas at Austin , he was praised as a key Republican strategist in Elizabeth Drew 's New York Times bestseller " Showdown : The Struggle Between the Gingrich Congress and the Clinton White House " and extolled as a " poster conservative " by Michele Mitchell in " A New Kind of Party Animal . "
Horace Cooper resides in Mason Neck , Virginia with his black convertibles .
And last week , the Department of Justice described him this way :
According to the indictment , Cooper was employed from approximately 1994 to late 2001 as a staffer for a member of the U.S. House of Representatives .
From approximately late 2001 to December 2002 , Cooper served as the chief of staff for Voice of America ( VOA ) , an executive branch agency of the U.S. government and subsequently from December 2002 through approximately August 2005 , he served as chief of staff for the Employment Standards Administration of the U.S. Department of Labor .
The indictment alleges that from approximately December 2001 to May 2005 , while he worked at VOA and then at the Department of Labor , Cooper conspired with Jack A. Abramoff , a former Washington , D.C. , lobbyist , and others , to defraud the United States of his honest services and of its right to have federal executive branch business conducted without improper influence .
The indictment also alleges that Cooper , Abramoff and others conspired to give and receive things of value to influence or reward Cooper for official acts as a federal executive branch employee .
Specifically , the indictment alleges that during this time , Cooper solicited and received from Abramoff and his colleagues thousands of dollars worth of tickets to sporting events and concerts ; that Cooper and his companions allegedly received free or discounted meals and drinks on dozens of occasions at a restaurant controlled by Abramoff ; and that Cooper , at Abramoff ’s invitation and expense , allegedly hosted a Super Bowl party for his friends at another restaurant Abramoff controlled .
The indictment also alleges that Cooper , rewarded and influenced by the tickets and meals solicited and received from Abramoff and his associates , agreed to use his official positions at VOA and the Department of Labor to advance Abramoff ’s interests and those of his clients .
In addition , the indictment alleges that from approximately 1998 to 2000 , Cooper received from Abramoff and his colleagues thousands of dollars worth of tickets to concerts and sporting events while Cooper was serving as a Congressional staffer .
The indictment also charges Cooper with concealing his relationship with Abramoff , Abramoff ’s colleagues and clients and the public by , among other things , failing to report certain gifts received from Abramoff on his annual financial disclosure forms , as he was required to do as a high - level official in both the legislative and executive branches of the U.S. government .
In addition , the indictment charges Cooper with making false statements on his 2003 and 2004 Executive Branch Public Financial Disclosure Reports .
Specifically , the indictment alleges that Cooper reported he had received no gifts from a single source with an aggregate value of more than $ 260 during those years , when allegedly he had received from Abramoff many tickets to concerts and sporting events that required disclosure .
Finally , the indictment charges Cooper with obstructing a grand jury investigation by making false statements to federal law enforcement officials and to the grand jury , and by providing investigators with certain documents that he maintained proved his statements regarding alleged free meals were true , when allegedly he knew that they did not .
The PDF of the Horace Cooper Indictment is damning .
This guy is a real weasel who viewed his service in Government as a ticket to the easy life .
He not only wanted the freebies from Abramoff he complained if he was ever actually charged for them .
For example :
25 . Between in or about May 2002 and June 2004 , COOPER received thousands of dollars worth of " comped " meals or drinks at Signatures , as well as a free Super Bowl party for COOPER and approximately twenty - five ( 25 ) of his friends at Stacks . [ snip ] 28 .
On or about May 18 , 2002 , after having dined at Signatures restaurant and been charged $ 140.93 , COOPER e-mailed Abramoff , stating : " I think there may have been a little glitch at the restaurant on Friday .
I went there and gave my credit card and it was charged , It 's no big deal , but I thought I 'd let you know . "
29 .
On or about May 18 , 2002 , in response to COOPER 's e-mail , Abramoffe - mailed two colleagues involved with Signatures , stating : " I did not want [ COOPER ] charged for meals where he is paying .
I am doing a huge deal with [ COOPER ] and want to comp [ COOPER ] .
Can you have this credited and make sure we do n't charge [ COOPER ] in the future ?
Thanks . "
30 .
On or about May 19 , 2002 , Abramoff notified COOPER that he would be reimbursed for the May 18 , 2002 meal at Signatures and that he would not be charged in the future ..
There is a lot in the indictment .
When at VOA , Cooper tried to get millions of tax dollars moved to a front company owned by Abramoff for TV / video production , but what really sets this indictment apart is what Cooper did for Jack at the Department of Labor .
This is where the sleaze of this conspiracy embraces its heart of darkness .
In 2002 the Department of Labor was investigating labor abuse and other complaints from a garment manufacture based in the Commonwealth of the Northern Marianas Islands ( CNMI ) a US Territory some forty miles North of Guam in the Western Pacific .
When Cooper moved to the Department of Labor he quickly started working with Team Abramoff to block any investigation .
Here are some highlights from the indictment :
46 . On or about November 27 , 2002 , in an e-mail to a representative of the CNMI Garment Manufacturer regarding a pending investigation by the U.S. Department of Labor , Abramoff informed the client : " I have a contact now at DoL who will look into this .
. . he knows nothing , so you have to summarize the situation and give him the ideal action item . " [ snip ] 49 .
On or about December 4 , 2002 , Abramoff e-mailed COOPER at his personal account , providing " more info on [ the CNMI Garment Manufacturer 's ] situation .
Please let me know what can be done . "
50 .
On or about December 13 , 2002 , COOPER e-mailed Abramoff from his personal account regarding the U.S. Department of Labor investigation , stating : " Let 's chat on Sunday .
I think we can get something done here .
The asst sec ( my boss ) appears to give me wide latitude to help oversee [ Wage and Hour Division ] people here . " [ snip ] 53 .
On or about December 17 , 2002 , Volz sent an e-mail to a representative of the CNMI Garment Manufacturer , requesting a list of " EVERY person you have worked with at Labor Department ( and if you know whether they could be classified as " friendly " or " enemy " ) so we can get our contacts out here in touch with the right people at Labor to get meeting postponed as well as expanded [ to other favorable topics ] . " [ snip ] 61 .
On or about January 27 , 2003 , Volz e-mailed COOPER at his personal account regarding the CNMI Garment Manufacturer 's issues with the U.S. Department of Labor , stating : " Nice seeing you at the Super Bowl party , Horace .
Thanks for being willing to get re-engaged in this important issue .
I will get you the names of the problem people at the regional level who are playing politics with this .
[ snip ] 69 .
On or about April 7 , 2003 , Volz sent an e-mail to Abramoff , summarizing a luncheon meeting with COOPER several days earlier and explaining that " due to some of the reorganization efforts which Horace is helping out with ( and the names we gave Horace ) in December , somehow , several of our enemies have taken new jobs . " [ snip ] 73 .
On or about April 28 , 2003 , Volz e-mailed Abramoff , telling him that " Horace [ COOPER ] is talking with General Counsel at DOL to assess options [ on the CNMI Garment Manufacturer issues ] . "
74 .
In or about late - April 2003 , COOPER suggested to Volz that the best way to remove an attorney on the U.S. Department of Labor investigation into the CNMI Garment Manufacturer would be to identify an actual or perceived conflict of interest , which would lead to removal of that individual from the investigation .
75 .
On or about April 29 , 2003 , COOPER inquired of colleagues within the U.S. Department of Labor regarding the process for removing an attorney from an investigation .
76 .
In or about late - April 2003 , COOPER told Volz that he was " putting someone in place in [ the U.S. Department of Labor office in ]
San Francisco who could help with the next stage of the process - getting a negotiated agreement with DOL to stop all this madness . " [ snip ] 79 .
On or about October 5 , 2003 , Volz sent an e-mail to Abramoff updating him on the assistance he believed COOPER had been providing : " Horace [ COOPER ] has been good at inserting himself through reorganizations at holding off punitive action ( could be couple million dollars ) and getting some of the ' problems ' moved to other offices . "
80 .
On or about October 8 , 2003 , during a meeting between COOPER , Volz and a representative of the CNMI Garment Manufacturer in his office at the U.S. Department of Labor , COOPER reaffirmed his commitment to assist the CNMI Garment Manufacturer with respect to the U.S. Department of Labor investigation and advised Volz and the CNIMI Garment Manufacturer representative that they should direct their allies on Capitol Hill to contact the U.S. Department of Labor as another method of influencing the Department 's position .
COOPER never disclosed to his supervisors or other U.S. Department of Labor officials involved in the CNMI Garment Manufacturer matter that he was hosting this meeting with an adverse party .
Now the CNMI Garment manufacture that Cooper met with was most likely Willie Tan ( who I think was in Washington in October of 2003 ) .
If not him , it was somebody from his company as it was his factories that faced a DOJ inquiry .
Cooper protected the sweatshops and allowed a horrific system of labor abuse to go on uncheck by any Federal oversight or the rule of law .
It was not a surprise that Cooper would work with Abramoff to do this in 2003 because by then he had been working with Abramoff and the Tan Family to protect the sweatshops of Saipan for years and years .
Back in 1995 when Abramoff was first hired to protect the sweatshops and labor abuse of the CNMI from any reforms or Federal oversight one of his first tactics was to organize junkets to the islands for Congressional staffers .
The first Abramoff paid for trip left in April 1996 and Horace Cooper was a traveler .
Back then he worked for Congressman Dick Armey , the Republican Majority Leader .
The GOP had just taken over in the wake of the 1994 election and could use their newfound power for anything .
They chose to help Jack protect sweatshops .
It is well known that Abramoff had a very close working relationship with Tom DeLay , but that was also true that Abramoff was tight with Dick Armey .
Because Armey was already out of Congress when the scandal broke he has escaped any examination of his close ties to Abramoff .
The Cooper Indictment should give people a reason to look at the many favors Armey did for Jack Abramoff .
In fact , Dick Armey was so tight with Jack that a February 19 , 1998 Dallas Observer article on the relationship was titled , Dick Armey : Our Man in Saipan :
All of this is so awe - inspiring to right - thinking individuals that five top aides of House Majority Leader Dick Armey have taken time away from fighting the dark forces in Washington to witness the invisible hand at work .
Their boss , who has made opposition to the minimum wage his political mantra , has n't taken the 9,000 - mile trip himself , although last month he dispatched his press secretary , Michelle Davis .
Armey 's fellow Texan and right - hand man , House Majority Whip Tom DeLay , from Sugar Land , made the journey too . [ snip ]
The trips DeLay and the five senior Armey staff members have made to the islands have been on the Marianas government 's tab , trips typically costing $ 4,000 to $ 6,000 per person .
Most got rooms at the Hyatt Regency Saipan , a $ 250 - to - $ 2,500 - a- night luxury hotel that , as its Web site seductively notes , " lies on 14 acres of lush tropical garden , lagoons , and a magnificent beach , " with amenities such as a championship golf course and snorkeling above coral reefs .
[ snip ]
To deal with the garment sector , the administration proposed to raise the minimum wage to mainland standards , ban the use of temporary workers in permanent jobs , and encourage the hiring of U.S. citizens in the Marianas ' labor force .
For products to be shipped to the U.S. mainland tariff - free , 50 percent of the workers in a factory would have to be U.S. citizens or legal immigrants eligible for citizenship .
The proposal would be phased in over the next two years .
Armey and DeLay vowed within a week that they would fight to preserve the current system .
Their June 6 , 1997 , letter to the Marianas ' governor mentioned that " a number of our colleagues and their staff have visited the commonwealth in recent months , " and saw nothing but progress in conditions and living standards .
Five Armey staffers , including his chief of staff , have to date taken their all - expenses - paid tours of Saipan .
The trips were arranged by the Seattle - based law firm of Preston , Gates Ellis & Rouvelas Meeds , which the Marianas hired and paid more than $ 4 million over the past two years to lobby for the status quo. [ snip ]
" On the junkets , they 're getting wined , dined , tattooed , and screwed , " says Joe Allen , a harsh critic of Armey and DeLay .
" It 's difficult to get much of a picture there by touring a couple of showpiece factories and a model barracks or two . "
Indeed , DeLay , whose New Year 's holiday junket received considerable press attention , was n't on the island more than a day when he gave the Marianas ' garment industry his seal of approval .
On his first night on the island , DeLay was invited to a reception at the posh , beachfront Pacific Islands Club hosted by Willie Tan , the powerful garment factory king .
According to a promotional brochure , Tan Holdings Corp. owns the island 's largest garment factories , several hotels , a bank , and businesses ranging from travel agencies to ice cream parlors .
" When one of my closest and dearest friends , Jack Abramoff , your most able representative in Washington , D.C. , invited me to the islands , I wanted to see firsthand the free - market success and the progress and reform you have made , " DeLay said , after thanking Tan for " that great introduction . "
In the wake of the Cooper indictment I re-read the Abramoff billing records for the CNMI that have been released ( most of 1996 , 1997 and 2001 plus some of 2000 ) .
Horace Cooper is all over these documents especially in 1996 and 1997 .
He is Armey ’s point man to help Abramoff get whatever he needs for his sweatshop - owning clients .
Unlike many travelers to the CNMI , Cooper did n’t just take the junket — he was active in working for to protect the interests of the sweatshops as a Congressional staffer .
Abramoff himself bills the CNMI for more than a dozen meetings with Cooper .
In the fall of 1996 and 1997 when votes are coming to the floor , Abramoff is meeting with Cooper on an almost daily basis .
And when Cooper is n’t meeting with Jack , he ’s working with Jack ’s team to help frame the debate and stop any reform .
Samples of billing entries concerning meetings with Cooper include :
3-13 - 96 : Work on immigration bill Rule with calls and visits to Horace Cooper with Majority Leader Armey 4-15 - 96 : Calls from Chris Myers with Chairman Crane ; Horace Cooper with Majority Leader Armey and Matt Miller , AA for Rep Gutknecht regarding ongoing review of trip ; possible committee / floor action on minimum wage and immigration issues important to CNMI 4 -19 - 96 : Meetings and discussions with Horace Cooper , Matt Miller and Chris Myers to frame issues and review questions for Friday afternoon meeting 6 - 10 - 96 : meeting with Horace Cooper to review latest difficulties in CNMI ; discuss ways to frame problems in a positive way , etc. 6-17 - 96 : meeting with Horace Cooper to update on hearings , what to expect , latest DOI report .
7-9-96 : Meeting with H. Cooper with Rep. Armey to review recent House and Senate Hearings and potential future actions by House and Senate staff , attempts to attach damaging language to appropriations bills and other vehicles between now and end of Congress ; review issues with J. Abramoff ; 8-29- 96 : Meeting with Leadership office staffers including H. Cooper , K. Knott and B. Gunderson regarding timing of September floor action , legislative priorities for GOP Leadership as related to Delegate bill ; 2-24- 97 : meeting with H. Cooper , Leg Counsel for Majority Leader Armey to review agenda for l05th Congress leadership agenda .
4-6-97 : Business dinner with Horace Cooper of the Office of Majority Leader Armey to discuss a range of issues .
5-13 -97 : Phone calls to the Hill to monitor a variety of issues ; follow - up with Horace Cooper , General Counsel to - the Office of the Majority Leader ; 9-4- 97 : call to H. Cooper ( Majority Leader Armey ) regarding fall floor schedule , Interior Appropriations bill .
And so on and so on and so on ...
By 2001 Abramoff had moved to a new lobbying firm and Kevin Ring had taken over the CNMI account and of course Ring was in contact with Cooper who was still helping Team Abramoff from Dick Armey ’s office .
The efforts of Cooper , Armey and DeLay to give Abramoff whatever he wanted ensured that thousands of workers were condemned to horrific labor conditions , abuse and stolen wages .
Some were forced to have abortions .
Others were forced into the CNMI ’s booming sex trade and then the global networks of human trafficking .
This is the result of the work that Horace Cooper did for almost a decade as he did the bidding of Jack Abramoff — first as Dick Armey ’s right hand man , then as Abramoff ’s mole in the Department of Labor — in exchange for tickets , meals and access to the conservative pundit / think tank gravy train .
In the indictment , Cooper uses his position in the DOL to help Abramoff protect a sweatshop owner from a DOL investigation .
That is the crime Cooper is charge with , but he committed far more crimes than were detailed in the indictment .
When he helped block a DOL investigation into labor abuse on the CNMI he was also helping to block an investigation into his own complicity and involvement in that abuse .
Of all the indictments to date in the Abramoff scandal this is the one where the horrific nature of the impact of the crimes can be seen in the destruction of the lives of so many young women and workers who were lured to the CNMI with a false promise of a better life .
Horace Cooper is a scoundrel and he deserves to spend many years behind bars .
I hope he does .
But he is more than that .
He is also a classic Conservative Republican grifter .
Meals and tickets were not the only payoffs Cooper got from Abramoff .
He also got a punched ticket into the Right - wing noise machine gravy train .
It is a pathway to riches .
Spend some time on the Hill , then maybe a stint at an agency in the Executive branch ( if there is a Republican President ) .
While in Government service use your time and power to serve the needs of private sector power brokers .
And when you leave — cash out .
Get a sweet gig on the gravy train and milk it .
Before his indictment a few days ago , Cooper was milking his connections for all they were worth .
He had a gig with the Abramoff connected National Center for Public Policy Research .
As a Black Conservative he helped to front the National Center ’s Project 21 , a cynical effort to find African Americans willing to hype a conservative agenda for fame and fortune .
Cooper got on that gravy train .
His connections with Abramoff got him a teaching gig at GMU and easy access to conservative organizations .
He became a Fellow at the Institute for Liberty and was ( at least until his indictment ) writing regular columns for conservative publications and web sites .
Cooper also worked his connection to be a TV talking head pundit on this , that or the other thing .
And of course he has worked with his old boss Dick Armey to promote the ideas and goals of Freedomworks and has had his writings published at Townhall and other collection points for predictable conservative dribble .
But now , his voice may grow dim .
I ’ve noticed that some right - wing sites are already scrubbing him from their pages .
Still up is a new web site that Horace Cooper started just a few days before his indictment .
On August 18 Townhall announced the site with great fanfare ( emphasis added ) :
Conservatives Defend Glenn Beck
As several large corporations join the boycott of Glenn Beck , conservatives are rallying to his defense .
Institute for Liberty Senior Fellow in Law and Regulation Horace Cooper , JD , has created a FIGHT FOR GLENN BECK website as " a place for those of us who support him to speak out . "
Yep , Abramoff crony Horace Cooper started a wingnut effort to pushback on the growing boycott of Glenn Beck by sane people just hours before he was indicted .
His opening post is a classic example of a conservative grifter spewing lies and spin :
ColorofChange.org -- the group once run by self - professed communist Van Jones , now a senior White House staffer , a.k.a. the " Green Czar " -- is spearheading an effort to persuade advertisers to drop their sponsorship of Glenn Beck 's show .
That is , lefties want to muscle Fox into canceling Beck 's show on Fox .
There is no evidence that Fox is ever going to cave in to such pressure , of course , but that wo n't stop ColorofChange , aided by the MSM , from trying .
[ snip ]
There are millions of us who watch Glenn Beck 's show regularly .
And so I have created this website as a place for those of us who support him to speak out .
Let 's all join together on behalf of Glenn Beck .
Please join me -- because this is your fight , too .
And even under indictment , Cooper is still finding the time to defend Beck ( it looks like he put up a new post today , but it is hard to tell as all posts are unsigned ) .
So far his defense of Beck has attracted an impressive 25 followers .
Beck .
Abramoff .
Sweatshops .
Armey .
DeLay .
I ’m never surprised as circles of corruption and wing - nut idiocy overlap .
So it is not a surprise that a Republican columnist , talking head , think - tank gadfly who worked with Abramoff for almost a decade while also working with Dick Armey , the Voice of America and then the Department of Labor would bring so many of these circles together .
The Cooper Indictment opens a new pathway into the Abramoff scandal .
It links the quid pro quo of the scandal more directly to the abuse on the Marianas Islands .
Abuse that continues to this day ( you can learn more by visiting Unheard No More ) .
If you care about Justice this is an encouraging development .
The DOJ investigation of the Abramoff scandal is getting more and more focused .
Soon some bigger fish will be pulled into the light of justice , but the sad truth is that most of the crimes will go unpunished .
One of the most disgusting aspects of this scandal is the lack of investigation and policy corrections by the US Congress .
This is a scandal that involved well over sixty Members of Congress and Senators .
This is a scandal that also involved dozens and dozens and dozens of Hill staffers .
And yet neither the US House nor the US Senate ever launched an ethics investigation into the scandal .
Some minor and limited investigations of Abramoff and Native Americans or Abramoff and the White House or Abramoff and conservative nonprofits were launched but they were all more concerned with protecting Members of Congress than finding the truth .
The DOJ can only go so far .
Only Congress has the power to get to the truth of this scandal .
Unfortunately I do not think anybody in either Chamber has the courage to call for an investigation into the role of Congress , Members , Senators and staffers in this scandal .
I do not know if anybody in Washington wants to take on lobbying reform in a serious way .
As a result crooks like Grover Norquist , Ralph Reed , Dick Armey , Newt Gingrich and others walk the streets just waiting for another opportunity to launch a new crime spree .
And without exposure to justice they will get another chance .
More lobbyists than ever follow the trail of corruption blazed by Abramoff .
New scandals are being born and real reforms as well as a curious investigative press are required to stop them from growing .
There is good news tonight about the DOJ investigation into the Abramoff scandal .
There will be more developments , more details will be released and more people will be indicted and convicted .
But once the DOJ is done with its investigation the truth will still be unknown .
Many crimes will still wait for Justice .
A real solution will require somebody in Congress having the courage to call for an investigation that will be painful for both Democrats and Republicans .
Courage in Congress ?
Now that would be something to see .
A lad can dream .
Cheers
Year Unemployment rate 1923-1929 3.3 1930 8.9 1931 15.9 1932 23.6 1933 24.9 1934 21.7 1935 20.1 1936 17.0 1937 14.3 1938 19.0 1939 17.2 1940 14.6 1941 9.9 1942 4.7
I recent months , we have constantly been told that this is the worst economy since the Great Depression .
The Dean of the University of Texas business school said so in March .
President Obama said so in September during his presidential campaign and continues to say so today .
If you look at a few key indicators , one may question that assessment .
Professor Lee McPeters takes exception to the notion .
But , when one looks at the unemployment rate numbers from the years just after the 1929 crash , we find that they rise to an average rate of 8.9 in 1930 and top out at 24.9 in 1933 .
( as per the BLS ) It stays above 20 % through 1935 and then remains in the mid to upper teens until World War II .
Our most recent unemployment rate was pegged at 9.5 % which is far less than the era of the Great Depression .
However , when one looks at more recent historical numbers , we find that the current unemployment rate reflects more accurately with the early 1980’s .
In 1982 , the avg rate for the year was 9.7 % and in 1983 , 9.6 % of labor was unemployed .
For the 8 years of President Clinton ’s administration , the unemployment rate was 5.2 % .
During the GW Bush administration , the average unemployment rate was 5.3 % ,
Beginning Date Ending Date Dow Industrials Loss
— — — — – ————- — — ———— —-
Sep. 3 , 1929 Jul. 8 , 1932 381.17 to 41.22 - 89 %
Mar. 10 , 1937 Mar. 31 , 1938 194.40 to 98.95 - 49 %
Nov. 12 , 1938 Apr. 8 , 1939 158.41 to 121.44 - 23 %
Sep. 12 , 1939 Apr. 28 , 1942 155.92 to 92.92 - 40 %
Jan. 11 , 1973 Dec. 6 , 1974 1051.70 to 577.60 - 45 %
Sep. 21 , 1976 Feb. 28 , 1978 1014.79 to 742.12 - 27 %
Apr. 27 , 1981 Aug. 12 , 1982 1024.05 to 776.92 - 24 %
Aug. 25 , 1987 Oct. 19 , 1987 2722.42 to 1738.74 - 36 %
Jul. 16 , 1990 Oct. 11 , 1990 2999.75 to 2365.10 - 21 %
If we take a brief look at the stock market crash of 1929 , we find that the market ’s initial jolt was a loss of 89 % from late 1929 to mid 1932 .
For the current environment to be on par with that time frame , if we consider a market high in 2007 of a 14164 Dow Jones , then the Dow would have to fall to 1558 to equal the malaise .
Midday on July 15 , 2009 the Dow stood around 8500 .
The most recent bear market had a low of 6547 which means the drop from the 14164 high was about 54 % .
Now , the Dow had a rebound after the 1929 - 1932 bear market ended and it rose to at least 194 by 1937 , from which time the Dow took another 49 % tumble .
The rebound is often referred to as a “ false peak ” because the apparent recovery in the economy as indicated by the Dow rising 373 % from the 1932 low to the 1937 high .
Our current rise from the 6547 low is about 30 % .
Earlier in the year , the rebound was more like 40 % .
So , the question will be , is our current rise just another “ false peak ” or is there a real recovery .
GDP percent change based on current dollars GDP percent change based on chained 2000 dollars 1930 - 12.0 - 8.6 1931 - 16.1 - 6.4 1932 - 23.2 - 13.0 1933 - 4.0 - 1.3 1934 17.0 10.8 1935 11.1 8.9 1936 14.3 13.0 1937 9.7 5.1 1938 - 6.2 - 3.4 1939 7.0 8.1 1940 10.0 8.8 1941 25.0 17.1 1942 27.7 18.5 1943 22.7 16.4 1980 8.8 -0.2 1981 12.2 2.5 1982 4.0 - 1.9 1983 8.7 4.5 2004 6.6 3.6 2005 6.3 2.9 2006 6.1 2.8 2007 4.8 2.0 2008 3.3 1.1
The 2008 GDP numbers are a bit misleading because the last two quarters showed contraction with a substantial 4th quarter contraction of the GDP over 6 % with the first quarter of 2009 contracting by 5.5 % , based on 2000 dollars .
The contraction of the economy as a percentage of GDP is definitely more pronounced than in the late 1970 ’s and early 1980 ’s if you only look at the last two quarters and compare it to the annual GDP .
But , you ca n’t do that .
It ’s comparing a full year to a couple of quarters .
For instance , the second quarter of 1980 saw a GDP fall of 7.8 % , which is greater than any of the past 3 quarters .
It was bad timing for President Carter because he was trying to get re-elected .
Bad timing because the total change in GDP for that year was just 2 tens of one percent .
So , the story is still being written as to how well this recession compares to the early 1980’s .
But , the GDP change for the entire year of 1930 was negative 8.6 % followed by - 6.4 % in 1931 and then a huge contraction of 13 % in 1932 .
We ’ve had two quarters with a 6 % and 5.5 % decline .
All of this points to a recession comparable to the late 1970 ’s and early 1980’s .
The comparison to the Great Depression is simply a tough argument to make , at this point .
I truly hope , as I think everyone does , that politicians will not be able to accurately say that we are in the worst condition since the Great Depression .
Many people have blamed the depression on Herbert Hoover .
Others blamed the deep recession of the late 70’s and early 80 ’s on Jimmy Carter .
Could this be the reason why the media and politicians choose Republican President Hoover ’s legacy instead of Democrat President Jimmy Carter ’s ?
Or is it more because from a PR standpoint , the Great Depression is something that every one knows about .
Maybe its more attention getting or sexy to talk about the Great Depression instead of a simple recession .
But , regardless of the reasoning , many aspects of the current situation cannot credibly be compared with the depression and more accurate reporting by the media and proclamations by policians would be that it is the worst in 30 years .
Weather Bottom Line :
Today we have a classic situation with a storm coming out of the plains , dragging up warm front .
Clouds and showers with a few t’storms are in the cards but all of the clouds and such should suppress any big storms .
But , the warm front will draw up warm , moist , unstable air behind it so that will set the stage for Thursday as the cold front approaches .
It ’s a pretty strong cold front with highs behind it for Friday and the weekend in the upper 70’s and low 80’s .
I would think that we would have a reasonably good chance for t’storms and possibly strong storms on Wednesday afternoon or evening .
DAY 2 CONVECTIVE OUTLOOK
NWS STORM PREDICTION CENTER NORMAN OK
1252 AM CDT WED JUL 15 2009
VALID 161200Z – 171200Z
… THERE IS A SLGT RISK OF SVR TSTMS FROM PORTIONS OF THE
CENTRAL /SRN PLAINS EWD INTO THE TN / LOWER OH VALLEYS…AND THEN NEWD
INTO NY / PA …
… SYNOPSIS …
UPPER TROUGH OVER THE WRN GREAT LAKES WILL DEEPEN SEWD THU FROM THE
MID MS /TN VALLEYS EWD INTO THE CAROLINAS …AS THE UPPER RIDGE BUILDS
NWD ACROSS THE INTERMOUNTAIN WEST .
THE GRADIENT BETWEEN THESE
SYSTEMS WILL RESULT IN STRONG FLOW ALOFT…40-55 KT
AT 500 MB… WITH
NWLY WINDS FROM THE NRN ROCKIES SEWD INTO KS / OK…AND WLY / SWLY WINDS
FROM THE MID MS /TN VALLEYS NEWD THROUGH THE OH VALLEY AND INTO THE
NORTHEASTERN STATES .
COLD FRONT ASSOCIATED WITH THE UPPER TROUGH IS
FORECAST BY LATE THU AFTERNOON TO EXTEND FROM NY SWWD TO NEAR THE
AR / MO BORDER …AND THEN WWD TO THE CO / NM BORDER .
… KS/OK / NEB SEWD INTO SRN MO /AR …
CLUSTERS OF STORMS MAY BE ONGOING AT THE START OF THE PERIOD ACROSS
THE OZARKS AND WRN CENTRAL PLAINS DUE TO LIFTING ASSOCIATED WITH
SEPARATE LOW LEVEL JETS .
WHILE THESE STORMS ARE EXPECTED TO BE
ELEVATED …STEEP MID LEVEL LAPSE RATES MAY SUPPORT A HAIL
THREAT…ESPECIALLY WITH THE CENTRAL PLAINS STORMS .
HOWEVER …BOTH
CLUSTERS OF STORMS ARE LIKELY TO INTENSIFY AND BECOME SURFACE BASED
LATER IN THE DAY AS THEY SHIFT SEWD AND ENCOUNTER A
WARMING / DESTABILIZING
AIR MASS .
OTHER STORMS SHOULD ALSO DEVELOP
NEAR THE FRONTAL BOUNDARY BY LATE AFTERNOON AS STRONG HEATING
WEAKENS CAPPING INVERSION .
ONCE SURFACE BASED STORMS DEVELOP…THE
COMBINATION OF MODERATELY STRONG INSTABILITY AND EFFECTIVE SHEAR AT
30 -40 KT WILL BE FAVORABLE FOR SEVERE STORMS .
GIVEN THE STRONGLY
VEERING WIND PROFILES AND NWLY FLOW ALOFT …THE DEVELOPMENT OF MCS/S
WITH COLD POOLS APPEAR MOST LIKELY … WITH WIND DAMAGE THE GREATER
THREAT…ESPECIALLY DURING THE AFTERNOON /EVENING
HOURS .
… LOWER OH /TN VALLEYS NEWD INTO NY / PA …
AS UPPER TROUGH AMPLIFIES…HEIGHTS WILL GRADUALLY LOWER AND
TEMPERATURES COOL ALOFT ACROSS THE REGION .
ONCE TEMPERATURES WARM
INTO THE 80S…MODERATE INSTABILITY WILL DEVELOP WITHIN MOIST AIR
MASS LOCATED AHEAD OF THE COLD FRONT .
ALTHOUGH WINDS ABOVE THE
BOUNDARY LAYER WILL BE MOSTLY WLY / WSWLY …SPEED SHEAR WILL PROVIDE
SUFFICIENT DEEP LAYER SHEAR TO SUPPORT ORGANIZED STORMS .
EVEN
THOUGH MODELS VARY ON THE COVERAGE OF STORMS…THE AMOUNT OF
INSTABILITY AND COOLER TEMPERATURES ALOFT SHOULD SUPPORT SOME SEVERE
HAIL .
HOWEVER …THE DEEP UNIDIRECTIONAL WIND PROFILES APPEAR MOST
FAVORABLE FOR LINE SEGMENTS AND WIND DAMAGE .
SINCE STORMS WILL BE
DIURNALLY DRIVEN …THEY SHOULD DIMINISH QUICKLY AFTER SUNSET .
..IMY ..
07/15/2009
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
Hi , I ’m Pete And I Love Gadgets ..
As someone who loves gadgets , and who can never get their fill of the newest and latest technology , having self control and not buying all the latest toys is n’t an easy thing to do .
If there is a new Ipod , I would love to find a deal and get my hands on one .
New DSLR camera ?
Put me on the waiting list !
For some reason I ’ve never been one to wait a year or two until the gadget can be had for a fraction of the price .
I have to have it when it ’s new , it ’s cool and it ’s in demand .
Electronic gadgets seem to be one of my main spending downfalls .
Reining In The Spending
Once my wife and I started watching what we were spending a little closer , I realized that I would n’t be able to continue with always having the newest and the greatest .
Once in a while ?
Maybe .
But not every time that I really wanted to .
Part of the problem that I kept running into when I was trying to stop spending was that the things I wanted were always in front of me , a constant source of temptation .
When I would check my email , I would get email alerts for deals on all the newest electronics .
I would open my web browser and it would always go to my homepage – a hot deals website always trumpeting the best deals on the hottest electronics .
I would check my RSS reader , and I had an entire section devoted to hot deals , electronics and coupon sites .
When talking with friends they would always talk about the newest gadget that they had as well .
After realizing just how much temptation was bombarding me every day , I realized something .
I needed to remove the temptations to buy wherever I could .
Part of the reason I was having a hard time stopping the spending was because things were constantly being offered to me , when I could in fact remove those temptations .
Removing The Temptation To Buy
Here ’s what I did to remove several sources of temptation
I changed my browser ’s homepage from a electronics deals site , to my gmail page .
No more temptation every time I logged on !
I unsubscribed from email lists for major electronics retailers that I had purchased from before .
I removed many of the electronics and deals sites from my daily reads section in my RSS reader so I was n’t bombarded with new deals on the hottest items every day .
I counted my blessings , and started enjoying the things I already had !
Often the need to pursue the next best thing , and the need to just “ have things ” becomes more important than the items themselves .
It ’s then that we know that it ’s time to take a step back .
When the temptation is n’t in front of you , it is n’t top of mind .
When it is n’t top of mind , it ’s a lot easier to realize that you do n’t really need it .
I think it ’s important to remember that we need to be careful not to become owned by our possessions .
If we consistently want more , bigger , better things , they can begin to take over our lives .
I believe we need to take the advice given in the bible in order to live better more rounded lives :
And he said to them , “ Take care , and be on your guard against all covetousness , for one ’s life does not consist in the abundance of his possessions ” – Luke 12:15
Have you ever noticed that you are surrounded by temptations , and everyone is offering you ways to spend your money ?
Have you found that removing the temptation makes it easier to not spend ?
Tell us your thoughts in the comments .
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
This article is written by Paul Rouget , Mozilla contributor and purveyor of extraordinary Open Web demos .
Starting with Firefox 3.5 , you can embed a video in a web page like an image .
This means video is now a part of the document , and finally , a first class citizen of the Open Web .
Like all other elements , you can use it with CSS and JavaScript .
Let ’s see what this all means …
The Basics
First , you need a video to play .
Firefox supports the Theora codec ( see here to know all media formats supported by the audio and video elements ) .
Add the video to your document :
You might need to add some “ fallback ” code if the browser does n’t support the video tag .
Just include some HTML ( which could be a warning , or even some Flash ) inside the video tag .
Your browser is not awesome enough !
Here ’s some more information about the fallback mechanism .
HTML Attributes
You can find all the available attributes here .
Some important attributes :
autoplay :
The video will be played just after the page loads .
autobuffer :
By default ( without this attribute ) , the video file is not downloaded unless you click on the play button .
Adding this attribute starts downloading the video just after the page loads .
controls : by default ( without this attribute ) , the video does n’t include any controls ( play / pause button , volume , etc. ) .
Use this attribute if you want the default controls .
height / width :
The size of the video
Example :
You do n’t have to add the “ true ” value to some of these attributes in HTML5 , but it ’s neater to do so .
If you ’re not in an XML document , you can simply write :
JavaScript API
Like any other HTML element , you have access to the video element via the Document Object Model ( DOM ) :
var myVideo = document.getElementById(" myVideo " ) ;
Once you obtain a handle to the video element , you can use the JavaScript API for video .
Here is a short list of some useful methods and properties ( and see here for more of the DOM API for audio and video elements ) :
play ( ) / pause ( ) : Play and pause your video .
currentTime :
The current playback time , in seconds .
You can change this to seek .
duration : The duration of the video .
muted :
Is the sound muted ?
ended :
Has the video ended ?
paused :
Is the video paused ?
volume :
To determine the volume , and to change it .
Example :
Play Set Volume Volume ?
Events
You know how to control a video ( play / pause , seek , change the volume , etc. ) .
You have almost everything you need to create your own controls .
But you need some feedback from the video , and for that , let ’s see the different events you can listen to :
canplay :
The video is ready to play
canplaythrough :
The video is ready to play without interruption ( if the download rate does n’t change )
load :
The video is ready to play without interruption ( the video has been downloaded entirely )
ended :
The video just ended
play :
The video just started playing
pause :
The video has been paused
seeking :
The video is seeking ( it can take some seconds )
seeked :
The seeking process just finished
timeupdate : While the video is playing , the currentTime is updated .
Every time the currentTime is updated , timeupdate is fired .
Here ’s a full list of events .
For example , you can follow the percentage of the video that has just been played :
function init ( ) { var video = document.getElementById(" myVideo " ) ; var textbox = document.getElementById(" sometext " ) ; video.addEventListener(" timeupdate " , function ( ) { textbox.value = Math.round ( 100 * ( video.currentTime / video.duration ) ) + " % " ; } }
Showing all this in action , here ’s a nice open video player using the Video API .
Now that you ’re familiar with some of the broad concepts behind the Video API , let ’s really delve into the video as a part of the Open Web , introducing video to CSS , SVG , and Canvas .
CSS and SVG
A video element is an HTML element .
That means you can use CSS to style it .
A simple example : using the CSS Image Border rule ( a new CSS 3 feature introduced in Firefox 3.5 ) .
You can view how it works on the Mozilla Developer Wiki .
And obviously , you can use it with the video tag :
One of my demos uses this very trick .
Since Firefox 3.5 provides some new snazzy new CSS features , you can do some really fantastic things .
Take a look at the infamous washing machine demo , in which I subject an esteemed colleague to some rotation .
It uses some CSS rules :
And some SVG :
Because the video element is like any other HTML element , you can add some HTML content over the video itself , like I do in this demo .
As you can see , there is a < div > element on top of the video ( position : absolute ; ) .
Time for a Break
Well , we ’ve just seen how far we can go with the video element , both how to control it and how to style it .
That ’s great , and it ’s powerful .
I strongly encourage you to read about the new web features available in Firefox 3.5 , and to think about what you can do with such features and the video element .
You can do so much with the power of the Open Web .
You can compute the pixels of the video .
You can , for example , try to find some shapes in the video , follow the shapes , and draw something as an attachment to these shapes .
That ’s what I do here !
Let ’s see how it actually works .
Canvas & Video
Another HTML 5 element is canvas .
With this element , you can draw bitmap data ( see the canvas reference , and I strongly suggest this canvas overview ) .
But something you might not know is that you can copy the content of an < img / > element , a < canvas /> element and a < video /> element .
That ’s a really important point for the video element .
It gives you a way to play with the values of the pixels of the video frames .
You can do a “ screenshot ” of the current frame of the video in a canvas .
function screenshot ( ) { var video = document.getElementById(" myVideo " ) ; var canvas = document.getElementById(" myCanvas " ) ; var ctx = canvas.getContext ( " 2d " ) ; ctx.drawImage( video , 0 , 0 , canvas.width , canvas.height ) ; }
Copy current frame to canvas
You can first apply a transformation to your canvas ( see the documentation ) .
You can also copy a thumbnail of the video .
If you draw every frame in a canvas , your canvas will look like a video element .
And you can draw what you want in this canvas , after drawing the frame .
That ’s what I do in this demo .
Once you have a video frame in your canvas , you can compute the values of the pixels .
Some things you should know if you want to compute the pixels values of a frame :
you ca n’t use this mechanism with a video from another domain .
you ca n’t use this mechanism with a video from a file :/// URL ( which would be useful during the development of your web application ) .
But you can change this behavior for testing : in about : config , change the value of “ security.fileuri.strict_origin_policy ” to “ false ” .
But be very careful !
editing about : config — that ’s an expert feature !
There are two ways to display the result of your application on the top of the video : use your canvas as a video ( if you draw the frame every time ) , and then draw directly into the canvas use a transparent canvas on the top of the video
the canvas element can be “ display : none ”
the video element can be “ display : none ”
About JavaScript
For the image processing , you will need to do a lot of computation .
Here are some tricks :
copy your frame in a small canvas .
If the canvas is three times smaller than the video , it means nine times fewer pixels to compute .
avoid recursion .
In a recursion , the script engine does n’t use the JIT optimization .
if you want to do a distance between colors , use the L.A.B colorspace .
if you want to find the center of an object , compute its centroid .
See the “ computeFrame ” function that I use in this JavaScript snippet for my demo .
if the algorithm is really heavy , you can use a Worker thread , but take into account that you will need to send the content of the canvas to the thread .
It ’s a big array , and objects are automatically JSONified before being sent .
It can take a while .
Conclusion
As you can see , you can do powerful things with the video element , the canvas element , CSS3 , SVG and the new JavaScript engine .
You have everything in your hands to create a completely new way to use Video on the web .
It ’s up to you now — upgrade the web !
References
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Abu Dhabi has confirmed that its race will start at 5 pm this year - as it hailed what will be the first day - night grand prix .
As AUTOSPORT reported earlier today , Formula 1 chiefs had informed television broadcasters at the Belgian Grand Prix that the first event on the Yas Marina circuit would start at 5 pm - two hours later than originally scheduled .
With sunset at 5.43 pm on race day , it means the final race of the season will start at dusk and end under floodlights at night .
The Abu Dhabi circuit's CEO Richard Cregan said : " Yas Marina Circuit has been built from the outset to host day and night - time activities .
" Staging Formula 1's first ever day / night race offers us the unique opportunity to demonstrate the circuit 's inbuilt flexibility and state - of - the - art facilities .
It has always been our intention to showcase to the world this spectacular venue and this decision allows just that opportunity .
" It is the best of both worlds , spectators and television viewers will see the stunning architecture of the world 's newest Formula 1 circuit during the afternoon sunlight and then experience what it is like under floodlights .
We hope that everyone will be impressed by what they experience and see . "
Abu Dhabi has said that the floodlights used to illuminate the circuit will be switched on from the start of the event to ensure there is a seamless transition from daylight to darkness .
The US Federal Communications Commission is seeking additional information about Apple 's decision to reject Google 's voice application for the iPhone in the United States .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The Google application is seen by some as a competitive threat to the voice services that come with the iPhone , which is carried exclusively in the United States by AT&T Inc .
The FCC sent letters of inquiry to Apple , Google and AT&T on Friday after Apple failed to approve the Google Voice app and removed a similar application from the App Store .
Copies of the letters were posted on the FCC's Web site .
The commission said it was making the request in light of upcoming proceedings regarding wireless open access and handset exclusivity .
Last month , several US senators urged regulators to review exclusive handset arrangements between wireless carriers and cell phone makers and how they affect competition and choice in the marketplace .
President Barack Obama 's choice to head the FCC has said he plans to review handset exclusivity arrangements .
An Apple spokesman declined to comment on the FCC move .
Google and AT&T could not immediately be reached for comment .
Google said on Tuesday that Apple rejected its Google Voice app , a program that allows users to store transcripts of voicemail messages in their email inbox and find specific information within a phone message .
It can also be used to make low - priced international calls , and offers a single phone number that can route incoming calls to home , office and cell phones .
In addition , GV Mobile -- a third - party Google Voice iPhone app -- was removed from the App Store .
In its letter to Apple , the FCC asked for the reason behind the rejection and the decision to remove the third - party application .
It also asked whether Apple acted alone or in consultation with AT&T , and what role AT&T plays in the approval process for iPhone apps .
On Larry King Live Jesse Ventura takes on the Bush administration chickenhawks and Rush Limbaugh , and defends Colin Powell .
After being waterboarded himself in the SERE program , Ventura makes no bones about it .
Waterboarding is torture .
I 'd like to see Hannity have Ventura on his show to debate the issue .
King 's reaction to Ventura 's straight talk on how terrible of a President W was is amusing .
He 's shocked ... just shocked I tell you , that anyone would talk so badly about our former President .
VENTURA : I will .
I will .
And he 's the worst president in my lifetime .
So Barack Obama , President Obama inherited something I would n't wish on my worst enemy .
You know ?
Two wars , an economy that 's borderline depression .
So it 's far too early to judge him 100 days in .
I think if you have me back about two years from now , I can give you a much better of how he 's doing .
JESSE VENTURA , FMR .
GOV .
OF MINNESOTA : Too early to tell , Larry , really .
In my opinion , George Bush is the worst president in my lifetime .
KING : Joining us now , Jesse Ventura , former wrestler , former governor of Minnesota , former Navy SEAL , the author of " Do n't Start The Revolution Without Me . "
That book is now out in paper back .
Welcome to have you back , Jesse .
There you see the cover of the book .
How 's Obama doing ?
KING : He poked fun at himself at the White House correspondents ' dinner Saturday night .
Let 's watch .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
BARACK OBAMA , PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES :
Finally , I believe that my next 100 days will be so successful I 'll be able to complete them in 72 days .
And on the 73rd day , I will rest .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
KING : He 's very likable .
VENTURA : Oh , yes .
KING : Right ?
VENTURA : Very intelligent , which is a change from our previous president .
KING : All right already with Bush .
VENTURA : No , I live in Mexico now , Larry .
So I do a lot of reading .
I do n't watch much TV .
This year 's reading , I covered Bush 's life .
I covered Guantanamo and a few other subjects .
And I 'm very disturbed about it .
I 'm bothered over Guantanamo because it seems we have created our own Hanoi Hilton .
We can live with that ?
I have a problem .
I will criticize President Obama on this level ; it 's a good thing I 'm not president because I would prosecute every person that was involved in that torture .
I would prosecute the people that did it .
I would prosecute the people that ordered it .
Because torture is against the law .
KING : You were a Navy SEAL .
VENTURA : That 's right .
I was water boarded , so I know -- at SERE School , Survival Escape Resistance Evasion .
It was a required school you had to go to prior to going into the combat zone , which in my era was Vietnam .
All of us had to go there .
We were all , in essence -- every one of us was water boarded .
It is torture .
KING : What was it like ?
VENTURA : It 's drowning .
It gives you the complete sensation that you are drowning .
It is no good , because you -- I 'll put it to you this way , you give me a water board , Dick Cheney and one hour , and I 'll have him confess to the Sharon Tate murders .
KING : Even though you know it 's not going to happen -- even though before it , you know you 're not going to drown .
VENTURA : You do n't know it .
If it 's -- if it 's done wrong , you certainly could drown .
You could swallow your tongue .
You could do a whole bunch of stuff .
If it 's it done wrong or -- it 's torture , Larry .
It 's torture .
[.....]
KING : A lot of things to go into , Jesse .
What do you make of the Cheney / Limbaugh --
VENTURA : I do n't have a lot of respect for Dick Cheney .
Here 's a guy who got five deferments from the Vietnam War .
Clearly , he 's a coward .
He would n't go when it was his time to go .
And now he is a chicken hawk .
Now he is this big tough guy who wants this hardcore policy .
And he 's the guy that sanctioned all this torture by calling it enhanced interrogation .
KING : Do you think Rush Limbaugh 's a better Republican than Colin Powell ?
VENTURA : No , not at all .
In fact , if you compare the two , let 's look at Colin Powell , who 's a war hero , who strapped it on for his country , and did n't run and hide .
KING : Twice .
VENTURA : And then you look at Dick Cheney who ran and hid .
I have no respect for Dick Cheney .
I have tremendous respect for General Powell .
[ Script reads : " We Are Creating the New Germany !
Remember the victims -- Vote the National Socialist List " .
Larger image here . ]
Following up on yesterday 's correction of Rush Limbaugh 's historical revisionism , noting that both Blackshirts and Brownshirts made their political bones by beating up on union organizers and socialists ...
From State of Deception : The Power of Nazi Propaganda , by Steven Luckert and Susan Bachrach , pp. 48-50 :
The space shuttle Churchill is assigned to observe Halley 's Comet under the command of Colonel Tom Carlsen .
They see a strange form attached to the comet and Carlsen goes with a team to investigate .
They find three humanoid life forms in caskets and they bring them to the Churchill .
However , Earth loses contact with the shuttle and the Space Research Center sends another spacecraft to search the Churchill .
They find the crew dead and the shuttle burnt and one rescue pod missing .
They bring the humanoids to Earth and soon Dr. Hans Fallada and his team discover that the Space Girl is a sort of vampire and drains the life force from people , transforming them into zombies .
When the authorities find that Colonel Tom Carlsen has survived , they summon him to explain what happened in the Churchill .
Carlsen tells an incredible story about the three aliens and he teams up with Colonel Colin Caine trying to save mankind from the evil vampires from space .
Written by Claudio Carvalho , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil
Test - Driven development ( TDD ) is a well known software development technique and follows the mantra “ Red- Green - Refactor ” .
Behavior - Driven Development ( BDD ) is a response to TDD and introduces the idea of using natural language to express the Unit Test scenarios .
There are a lot of popular testing frameworks around which can be used for BDD including xUnit.net , NUnit , StoryQ , MSpec , NSpec and NBehave .
Most of them can be used with fluent interfaces and therefore provides a good readability of the sources .
Some of them even provide the possibility to generate a spec in natural language out of passed Unit tests .
What is a spec ?
“ A specification is an explicit set of requirements to be satisfied by a material , product , or service . ” American Society for Testing and Materials ( ASTM ) definition
A spec is an important document for the communication process – it enables domain experts to communicate with developers .
But how can you verify the compliance with the spec ?
The answer is : you have to write unit tests .
Even with the mentioned frameworks there is a lot of work to do in order to translate a spec scenario into a Unit Test .
Question 7 in the famous Joel Test is “ Do you have a spec ? ” .
The idea of NaturalSpec is to give domain experts the possibility to express their scenarios directly in compilable Unit Test scenarios by using a Domain - specific language ( DSL ) for Unit Tests .
NaturalSpec is completely written in F# – but you do n’t have to learn F# to use it .
You do n’t even have to learn programming at all .
Example 1 – Specifying a list
Let ’s consider a small example .
If we want to test a new List implementation a spec could look like this :
[< Scenario > ] let When_removing_an_3_from_a_small_list_it_should_not_contain_3 ( ) = Given [ 1;2;3;4;5 ] //
“ Arrange ” test context |>
When removing 3 // “ Act ” |>
It should n't contain 3 // “ Assert ” |>
It should contain 4 // another assertion |> Verify // Verify scenario
I used BDD style here and expressed my scenario in a quite natural language .
As the comments are indicating the scenario is following the Arrange Act Assert ( “ AAA ” ) pattern .
With the Keyword “ Given ” I can create a test context ( the objects I want to test ) .
In this sample I created a list with 5 elements .
With the keyword “ When ” I call a function which does something with my test context .
In this case I want to remove the value 3 .
In the Assert section ( keywords “ It should ” or “ It should n’t ” )
I can give some observations , which should hold for my manipulated test context .
When I run this scenario via a NUnit runner ( i am using TestDriven .
Net )
I get the following output :
Scenario :
When removing an 3 from a small list it should not contain 3 – Given [ 1 ; 2 ; 3 ; 4 ; 5 ]
– When removing 3
=>
It should not contain 3
=>
It should contain 4
==> OK
Example 2 – Specifying a factorial function
If you implement factorial function the spec could look like this :
[< Scenario > ] let When_calculating_fac_5_it_should_equal_120 ( ) = Given 5 |>
When calculating factorial |>
It should equal 120 |> Verify [ < Scenario > ] let When_calculating_fac_1_it_should_equal_1 ( ) = Given 1 |>
When calculating factorial |>
It should equal 1 |> Verify [ < Scenario > ] let When_calculating_fac_0_it_should_equal_0 ( ) = Given 0 |>
When calculating factorial |>
It should equal 1 |> Verify
And the output of NaturalSpec would look like this :
Scenario :
When calculating fac 0 it should equal 0 – Given 0
– When calculating factorial
=>
It should equal 1
== > OK Scenario :
When calculating fac 1 it should equal 1 – Given 1
– When calculating factorial
=>
It should equal 1
== > OK Scenario :
When calculating fac 5 it should equal 120 – Given 5
– When calculating factorial
=>
It should equal 120
==> OK
Getting started
Of course you can use NaturalSpec to specify C# objects .
I see my post " Using NaturalSpec to create a spec for C# projects " for a small sample .
You can download NaturalSpec at GoogleCode and follow the “ Getting started ” tutorial in order to write your first automatically testable spec .
I am very interested in your feedback .
Do you like the syntax ?
What should I change ?
Do you consider using a spec tool like NaturalSpec ?
Tags : BDD
Arab health ministers have decided to ban children , the elderly and those with chronic medical conditions from attending the annual Muslim pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia this year in effort to slow the spread of swine flu .
In a meeting in Cairo that ended late last night , the ministers , however , stopped short of calling for the cancellation of this year 's hajj - a duty for all Muslims in their lifetime - which attracts about 3 million people every year to the holy cities of Mecca and Medina .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The fear is that the close proximity of millions of people from around the world in late November , when the hajj takes place following peak flu season , will fuel the outbreak of the deadly disease .
The ministers hope to blunt the possibility of contagion by excluding those most vulnerable to the influenza .
Global deaths from the H1N1 virus have doubled in the past three weeks , to over 700 from about 330 , according to the World Health Organisation .
There are 952 reported cases in WHO 's eastern Mediterranean region , which consists of the Middle East , as well as Afghanistan , excluding Israel .
Israel has 727 cases , according to WHO .
So far in the Arab world , an Egyptian woman died from the disease , after returning from a pilgrimage to Mecca .
The latest figures , however , may seriously underestimate the true toll because not all swine flu cases are being picked up due to testing limitations .
The race is now on to develop a vaccine that is effective against the pandemic strain before the flu season begins this fall in the northern hemisphere .
Estimates for when a vaccine will be available range from September to December .
The ministers say if a vaccine is ready before the hajj , pilgrims will have to provide an immunisation report to obtain their visa for the pilgrimage .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
They also demanded the WHO to set aside a quota of any future vaccine for developing countries .
There has been a great deal of debate in Egypt and across the Middle East over skipping hajj this year to avoid exacerbating the spread of the disease .
Today 's decision appears to be an attempt to head off such a controversial move .
" The ( Egyptian ) Health Ministry will take this decision if it poses danger on Egypt but we have n't reached this level yet , " said Egyptian Health Minister Hatem al - Gibali said about cancelling the hajj , following the meeting , according to state news agency .
One of Sunni Islam 's highest authorities , Grand Sheikh Mohammed Sayyed Tantawi of Al - Azhar , endorsed the Arab ministers decision to ban certain groups from performing hajj without cancelling the whole ritual , which is one of Islam 's five pillars .
In Lebanon , the widely respected Shiite Grand Ayatollah Mohammed Hussein Fadlallah decreed that Muslims who have serious concerns about contracting swine flu while performing pilgrimage may stay away this year but described hajj as " divine duty " and dismissed the idea of cancelling it altogether .
An editorial in the London - based Al - Quds Al - Arabi daily , however , still called on Saudi authorities to take the initiative and cancel it .
" Mecca receives millions of pilgrims and worshippers 24 hours a day , shoulder to shoulder ... and if one person carries the virus , he can spread it to a ten thousand others , " the paper said , adding that the number of people visiting Saudi Arabia during the holy month of Ramadan in September and October should also be limited .
83 - year - old woman overpowers 107 - kg boar
( China Daily )
Updated : 2009-08-28 11:46
An 83 - year - old woman in Wushan county , Chongqing municipality , killed a wild boar with a knife when the animal attacked her on Sunday .
Hu Chengzhen , a resident of Longwan village , was weeding her farms when the 107 - kg boar leapt on her .
Hu , who only sustained minor injuries , killed the animal using her knife .
( Chongqing Morning News )
Never in the past two turbulent years has the chancellor looked more distressed or looked more likely to lose his job at the Treasury .
More so even than after having to tear up his economic forecasts or admit to record falls in growth and rises in borrowing .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
Alistair Darling 's first response to the Telegraph 's claims about him was to robustly deny the charges that he had simultaneously claimed for two homes or " flipped " his house claims to make a profit or inappropriately claimed the cost of an accountant to manage his tax affairs .
The prime minister too declared that he was sure that his " friend " had done nothing wrong .
By the end of the day though , Mr Darling had paid money back and apologised for another - and he claims inadvertent - mistake altogether , not repaying his claim for the service charge on his second home after he 'd rented it out .
Though he still has the prime minister 's public backing , there is a sense in Whitehall that Mr Darling 's time as chancellor may be coming to an end .
Long before the expenses saga , some close to Gordon Brown had argued that Labour needed a more political and more aggressive man at the Treasury .
It will be a source of huge frustration and personal sadness to Alistair Darling if , after he leaves the Treasury , people assume that it is because of some abuse of the expenses system .
Perhaps that is why he was visibly upset through much of my interview with him .
The proposed laws allow police and spies to tap phone calls and trace emails and text messages of people believed to be in contact with suspected criminals .
Police will be able to have a tap in place for up to 45 days in the hope it will lead them to those they suspect of committing a crime .
The Australian Security Intelligence Organisation ( ASIO ) will be able to have the taps in place for three months .
Rights advocates have expressed alarm at the moves , but Mr Ruddock says they will be subject to strict controls .
" The issuing authority - that is , the judge - has to be satisfied in relation to a number of other matters - that is , the privacy of a person wo n't be unduly interfered with , " he told ABC radio today .
" ( The judge ) has to take into account the seriousness of the offences being investigated , how much of the information would be likely to assist in the investigation by the agency , to what extent alternative methods of investigating it have been used , and how much use of such methods would be likely to assist the investigation by the agency of the offence , and how much the use of the methods would be likely to prejudice an investigation by the agency , " he said .
" So you can see these are very significant tests that have to be satisfied . "
The proposals sparked debate in the coalition party room yesterday , but civil libertarians say they are unnecessary .
" This is the first time ever in Australia 's history that we see the police being given the power to tap the phones of people who are not suspects , who are innocent people and just people who happen to be in contact with someone , likely to be in contact with someone , who 's a criminal , " NSW Council for Civil Liberties president Cameron Murphy said .
" It massively expands police surveillance and it's directly targeted against innocent people who are doing nothing wrong , " he told ABC radio .
Mr Murphy said he did not trust Mr Ruddock 's assertions that restrictions on the surveillance powers would be sufficient to protect innocent people .
" I do n't have the confidence to trust the attorney - general when he says that it 'll be subject to strict oversight .
" We 've seen ... already that Australian phones are 26 times more likely to be bugged than an American phone .
" There 's much more phone tapping in Australia than in any other nation on earth and judicial oversight has done nothing to stem that .
" Most warrants that are asked for by police are granted by the courts and there 's very little scrutiny over the process . "
The Telecommunications ( Interception ) Amendment Bill will also make permanent existing powers to tap suspects ' phones and monitor their emails and text messages .
The legislation is a response to a report by former head of the Attorney - General 's Department Tony Blunn , handed down in September last year .
Mr Blunn found that , although phone tapping was essential to fighting crime and protecting national security , there should be tighter laws to protect privacy .
- AAP
真空绝热板 材料是一种性能优良的合成材料，具有强度高、导热系数小等优点，主要是被用于保温隔热材料，然后才是作为结构材料使用。那么真空绝热板施工注意事项又有哪些呢？......
stp保温板在施工时有哪些注意事项 stp保温板 在施工的过程当中，基本上也都是有着更多不同面积的施工，而且按照现场所采用的一些保温材料来看，它们的构造的做法和工艺的制作基本上都是一样的，基本上要经过各个
Mr Brown accepted that anger among Labour supporters affected the result Senior Labour MPs have accused Gordon Brown of being directly responsible for the party 's crushing defeat in the Norwich North by - election .
Tory Chloe Smith reversed a comfortable Labour majority to win by 7,348 votes .
Ex-home secretary Charles Clarke blamed the result on Mr Brown's " incompetent " treatment of outgoing MP Dr Ian Gibson .
Senior backbencher Barry Sheerman said the result was a " self - inflicted wound " and warned Mr Brown had until the end of the summer to reconnect with voters .
Left - winger John McDonnell said the prime minister had made a " terrible miscalculation " in his handling of the episode while fellow Labour backbencher , Kate Hoey , told the BBC that Mr Brown needed to re-examine his leadership techniques .
She said : " By- elections are always unique but there is no doubt about it that this is a bad result . "
" The prime minister I hope will be looking at how he 's looking to lead the party and to talk to the party , and a lot of party members feel that they are not listened to . "
But Tony Lloyd , chairman of the Parliamentary Labour Party , insisted there was " no leadership crisis taking place " .
' Self - inflicted '
Mr Brown has acknowledged the by - election result was affected by the anger of many local Labour supporters at the party executive 's treatment of their former MP .
Dr Ian Gibson had resigned after being told he could not stand for election again by the " Star Chamber " , which ruled on MPs ' positions in light of their expenses claims .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" The voters were clearly torn between their anger and dismay at what 's been happening with MPs ' expenses ... [ and ] support for the former MP , " Mr Brown said .
He claimed none of the main parties could take " any cheer " from the result , with only the fringe parties picking up more votes than previously .
However , Mr Sheerman says morale among Labour members was low and that the party was in a " desperate situation " .
The MP - who had called for a secret ballot on Mr Brown 's leadership after last month 's dismal showing in the local and European elections , before promising to support the prime minister for the " time being " later in June - warned that Mr Brown urgently needed to demonstrate he could re-connect with voters .
Unfair " He 's got this summer to show he's got the capability to do it , " Mr Sheerman said .
" In any other human organisation I know , if the chief executive actually does n't make it , he does n't get it and he does n't deliver , then he 's got to consider his position . "
Mr Clarke - the MP for neighbouring Norwich South and a long - time critic of the prime minister - said there had been no " guiding principles " to the prime minister 's handling of the expenses scandal .
" What happened to Ian Gibson was not fair and many , many people felt that , " Mr Clarke told the BBC .
" You need the transparency , you need a comprehensive approach , you need fairness and you need it to be done quickly and these things did n't happen . "
NORWICH NORTH BY - ELECTION Chloe Smith ( Con ) 13,591 ( 39.5 % ) Chris Ostrowski ( Lab ) 6,243 ( 18.16 % ) April Pond ( LD ) 4,803 ( 13.97 % ) Glenn Tingle ( UKIP ) 4,068 ( 11.83 % ) Rupert Read ( Green ) 3,350 ( 9.74 % ) Craig Murray ( Ind ) 953 ( 2.77 % ) Robert West ( BNP ) 941 ( 2.74 % ) Bill Holden ( Ind ) 166 ( 0.48 ) Howling Laud ( Loony ) 144 ( 0.42 % ) Anne Fryatt ( NOTA ) 59 ( 0.17 % ) Thomas Burridge ( Libertarian ) 36 ( 0.1 % ) Peter Baggs ( Ind ) 23 ( 0.07 % ) Con majority 7,348 ( 21.37 % ) 16.49 % swing Lab to Con
Turnout 34,377 ( 45.76 % , down 15.33 % on gen election )
Profile : Chloe Smith Analysis :
What did n't happen Tories ' poll triumph over Labour Send us your comments Mr McDonnell , MP for Hayes and Harlington , said the leadership should apologise to Labour activists for its treatment of Dr Gibson .
He added : " Between them , Gordon Brown and Peter Mandelson decided that Ian Gibson should go .
" If they had listened to the local party members we would n't be in this mess . "
Ms Hoey , MP for Vauxhall , said those seeking a leadership election had missed their chance .
She said there were no current serious contenders and most MPs would use their summer break to reflect .
But Mr Lloyd said the real issue for voters was the recession , adding that they would come back to Labour once government measures to boost the economy bore fruit .
" Time is beginning to tell that these policies have worked , " he told the BBC's Today programme .
He added that Mr Sheerman was " one of a small group of persistent critics of Gordon " and " does n't represent anything like even a significant view in the parliamentary party " .
The by - election saw a swing from Labour to the Tories of 16.5 % as they garnered more than 13,500 votes .
The Lib Dems came third with 4,803 , narrowly ahead of UKIP on 4,068 , who enjoyed their best ever by - election result .
' Moral compass '
Mr Cameron said the victory - only the Tories ' second by - election win in a Labour seat for 27 years - showed people " want change in our country " .
He accused Labour of running an " utterly despicable " campaign full of allegations about policies which were " not true " .
" I say to this prime minister who talks about courage and who talks about a moral compass , where was the courage in not even coming to this by - election ?
" And where is the moral compass in allowing a campaign of lies and half truths about your opponents ? "
Ms Smith , who at 27 will be the youngest MP in the House of Commons , paid tribute to Dr Gibson in her victory speech and wished her Labour rival Chris Ostrowski a speedy recovery - he was hospitalised with suspected swine flu days earlier .
She will not take her seat officially until October , after the summer recess , but said she would be concentrating on her constituents .
" This is n't about me jumping off here and then going and living up on expenses for the three summer months , " she said .
" This is about getting down to it , being honest , and being held to that . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
OCRACOKE , N.C. ( AP ) 
Five people working on Independence Day fireworks shows were killed by explosions , four of them by a single blast that rocked this remote village on the Outer Banks .
The fifth died after an explosion at a fireworks show in Pennsylvania , police said .
In another holiday accident , a pedestrian bridge collapsed in Indiana as fans were leaving a fireworks show , injuring 25 people .
Authorities said Sunday the crowd had overloaded the bridge .
The blast at Ocracoke came as workers were unloading fireworks Saturday from a truck at the Anchorage Marina , shaking homes and businesses across the southern end of Ocracoke Island and rattling residents and tourists .
Earl Woodham , a spokesman for the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , said agents determined the cause was accidental .
ATF will not investigate further , but a workplace safety agency such as the state Labor Department likely will try to find the specific cause , he said .
Dock master Robert Raborn was about 200 yards away from the truck and said the explosion was one of the loudest things he had ever heard .
" It was like 40 minutes worth of fireworks going off in four seconds , " Raborn said .
One of the workers died at the scene Saturday and three others died later at area hospitals , including one who died on Sunday , said Hyde County spokeswoman Jamie Tunnell .
Another person was listed in fair condition at the North Carolina Jaycee Burn Center at the UNC Medical Center in Chapel Hill .
The Ocracoke victims worked for Melrose South Pyrotechnics near Rock Hill , S.C.
The company said it had sent a representative to work with investigators .
Meanwhile , a silent parade was held Sunday in tribute to the victims and the people who responded to the explosion , following the intended route of Saturday 's Independence Day parade .
In Pennsylvania , state police fire marshals were investigating the death of a worker Saturday at the start of the grand finale of fireworks at Quakertown 's Memorial Park .
Quakertown Police Chief Scott McElree said authorities immediately halted the show and evacuated part of the park in eastern Pennsylvania .
Authorities did not immediately identify the man 's employer .
At Merrillville , Ind. , the collapse of a wooden pedestrian bridge dropped at least 50 people into a lake Saturday night and injured about half of them , police said .
None of the injuries was life - threatening , authorities said .
The collapse occurred at Hidden Lake Park in Merrillville , about 45 miles southeast of Chicago , as spectators were leaving a fireworks display at about 10 p.m .
The wooden , cable - suspended bridge could support about 40 people at a time but as many as 80 were on it when it gave way , said Ross Township Trustee John Rooda , who attended the fireworks show .
The township operates the park .
" The problem is it was overloaded , " Rooda said .
In Albuquerque , a man watching a fireworks show was killed by lightning from a thunderstorm Saturday evening and his wife was also injured , police said .
Names of the victims were not released and authorities said the woman was listed in stable condition at a hospital .
And in Missoula , Mont. , an 8 - year - old girl was accidentally electrocuted and two other children were injured while watching a fireworks show Saturday night from a church rooftop .
Missoula County Sheriff Mike McMeekin said the children had climbed on some air - conditioning equipment .
Home fireworks shows also proved dangerous .
In Wisconsin , Jefferson County Sheriff Paul Milbrath said a 12 - year - old boy suffered a head injury when he was hit by one of the pyrotechnics fired at a July Fourth party .
The boy was taken to a hospital in Milwaukee .
His name and condition were n't released .
The Callahan Eye Foundation Hospital in Birmingham , Ala. , treated five patients who were hurt in fireworks accidents , spokeswoman Gail Short said Sunday .
Flames from fireworks damaged at least seven homes in western Washington state and destroyed some ranch housing near Harrah on the Yakama Indian Reservation , causing more than $ 2 million in damage , authorities said .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The economy is bad , games are expensive , and the combination of those two things has got you down .
Do n't worry , friendly gamer : Capcom has your back .
Starting on September 8 you 'll be able to purchase three damn good Capcom titles for the Xbox 360 in a single package for only $ 39.99 .
What games will be included in the package ?
Dead Rising , Lost Planet : Extreme Condition - Colonies Edition , and Devil May Cry 4 .
That 's $ 13 per game , give or take , and there 's not a stinker in the bunch .
Capcom is calling this the Platinum Hits triple pack , but we 're calling it awesome .
The hardcore among you have probably played all three of these games , but if you have n't , this gives you a wonderful excuse .
Heck , if you just purchased your first Xbox 360 , this will be a cheap way to get your collection going .
There 's not much to complain about here , but let 's hope that Capcom has something equally awesome planned for the PS3 .
Hiya , kids , hiya , hiya , hiya .
I know some cool stuff .
You do n't .
And I can't tell you yet .
( Yes , I am a monster of inhuman cruelty ) .
Well , maybe I 'll let slip a few things at the Montreal worldcon .
Or maybe not .
You 'll have to ply me with booze and plunk my magic twanger , and we 'll see .
Off on Tuesday ...
PwnedPasswordsChecker is a tool that checks if the hash of a known password ( in SHA1 or NTLM format ) is present in the list of I Have Bee ...
Advertisement
Firefox tip : Firefox 3.0's Awesome
Bar added all kinds of features to the 'fox , but unfortunately it 's also created some performance issues — for example , by upping the default history time , leading to larger , fragmented databases .
This quick hack speeds things up .
All - things - Firefox weblog Mozilla Links previously detailed how to defragment SQLite databases with a vacuum command , but the whole process was a bit clumsy , and it required a restart .
Now they 've updated the technique with a simple bit of code you can run inside Firefox 's Error Console that requires no restart .
Open the Error Console : Tools menu / Error Console
In the Code text box paste this ( it 's a single line ) : Components.classes ["@mozilla.org/browser/nav-history-service;1 " ].getService( Components.interfaces.nsPIPlacesDatabase).DBConnection.executeSimpleSQL(" VACUUM " ) ; Press Evaluate .
All the UI will freeze for a few seconds while databases are VACUUMed
Advertisement
Once the process is complete , you should notice a big improvement in performance , especially when using the Awesome Bar to search for a web site .
While you 're tweaking away , you may also want to take a look at how you can speed up Firefox by limiting your history size .
Vacuum Firefox databases for better performance , now with no restart [ Mozilla Links ]
Their heads are too large or too small , their limbs too short or too bent .
For some , their brains never grew , speech never came and their lives are likely to be cut short : these are the children it appears that India would rather the world did not see , the victims of a scandal with potential implications far beyond the country 's borders .
Some sit mutely , staring into space , lost in a world of their own ; others cry out , rocking backwards and forwards .
Few have any real control over their own bodies .
Their anxious parents fret over them , murmuring soft words of encouragement , hoping for some sort of miracle that will free them from a nightmare .
Health workers in the Punjabi cities of Bathinda and Faridkot knew something was terribly wrong when they saw a sharp increase in the number of birth defects , physical and mental abnormalities , and cancers .
They suspected that children were being slowly poisoned .
But it was only when a visiting scientist arranged for tests to be carried out at a German laboratory that the true nature of their plight became clear .
The results were unequivocal .
The children had massive levels of uranium in their bodies , in one case more than 60 times the maximum safe limit .
The results were both momentous and mysterious .
Uranium occurs naturally throughout the world , but is normally only present in low background levels which pose no threat to human health .
There was no obvious source in the Punjab that could account for such high levels of contamination .
And if a few hundred children – spread over a large area – were contaminated , how many thousands more might also be affected ?
Those are questions the Indian authorities appear determined not to answer .
Staff at the clinics say they were visited and threatened with closure if they spoke out .
The South African scientist whose curiosity exposed the scandal says she has been warned by the authorities that she may not be allowed back into the country .
But an Observer investigation has now uncovered disturbing evidence to suggest a link between the contamination and the region 's coal - fired power stations .
It is already known that the fine fly ash produced when coal is burned contains concentrated levels of uranium and a new report published by Russia 's leading nuclear research institution warns of an increased radiation hazard to people living near coal - fired thermal power stations .
The test results for children born and living in areas around the state 's power stations show high levels of uranium in their bodies .
Tests on ground water show that levels of uranium around the plants are up to 15 times the World Health Organisation 's maximum safe limits .
Tests also show that it extends across large parts of the state , which is home to 24 million people .
The findings have implications not only for the rest of India – Punjab produces two - thirds of the wheat in the country 's central reserves and 40 % of its rice – but for many other countries planning to build new power plants , including China , Russia , India , Germany and the US .
In Britain , there are plans for a coal - fired station at the Kingsnorth facility in Kent .
The victims are being treated at the Baba Farid centres for special children in Bathinda – where there are two coal - fired thermal plants – and in nearby Faridkot .
It was staff at those clinics who first voiced concerns about the increasing numbers of admissions involving severely handicapped children .
They were being born with hydrocephaly , microcephaly , cerebral palsy , Down 's syndrome and other complications .
Several have already died .
Dr Pritpal Singh , who runs the Faridkot clinic , said the numbers of children affected by the pollution had risen dramatically in the past six or seven years .
But he added that the Indian authorities appeared determined to bury the scandal .
" They can't just detoxify these kids , they have to detoxify the whole Punjab .
That is the reason for their reluctance , " he said .
" They threatened us and said if we did n't stop commenting on what 's happening , they would close our clinic .
" But I decided that if I kept silent it would go on for years and no one would do anything about it .
If I keep silent then the next day it will be my child .
The children are dying in front of me . "
Dr Carin Smit , the South African clinical metal toxicologist who arranged for the tests to be carried out in Germany , said that the situation could no longer be ignored .
" There is evidence of harm for these children in my care and ... it is an imperative that their bodies be cleaned up and their metabolisms be supported to deal with such a devastating presence of radioactive material , " she said .
" If the contamination is as widespread as it would appear to be – as far west as Muktsar on the Pakistani border , and as far east as the foothills of Himachal Pradesh – then millions are at high risk and every new baby born to a contaminated mother is at risk . "
In the Faridkot centre last week , Harmanbir Kaur , 15 , was rocking gently backwards and forwards .
When her test results came back , they showed she had 10 times the safe limit of uranium in her body .
Her brother , Naunihal Singh , six , has double the safe level .
Harmanbir was born in Muktsar , 25 miles from Faridkot .
Her mother , Kulbir Kaur , 37 , watched her slowly degenerate from a healthy baby into the girl she is today , dribbling constantly , unable to feed herself , lost in a world of her own .
" God knows what sin I have committed .
When we go to our village people say there is a curse of God on you , but I do n't believe so , " she said .
" Every part of this area is affected .
We never imagined that there would be uranium in our kids . "
A few miles down the road in Bathinda , Sukhminder Singh , 48 , a farmer , watched his son Kulwinder , 13 , staring into space while curling his hands up under his chin .
Tests showed Kulwinder has 19 times the maximum safe level of uranium in his body .
He has cerebral palsy and has already had seven operations to unbend his arms and legs .
" The government should investigate it because if our child is affected it will also affect future generations , " he said .
" What are they waiting for ?
How many children do they want to be affected ?
Another generation ?
I can leave the house for work , but my wife is always with him .
Sometimes she cries and asks why God is playing with our luck .
Every morning he sends a new trouble . "
Doni Choudhary , aged 15 months , is waiting to be tested , though staff say he shows similar symptoms to those who have tested positive and are treating him for suspected uranium poisoning .
His mother , Neelum , 22 , from the state capital , Chandigarh , says he was born with hydrocephaly .
His legs are useless .
" He is dependent on others .
After me , who can care for him ? "
Neelum asks .
" He tries to speak but he can't express himself and my heart cries .
When will he understand that his legs do n't work ?
What will he feel ? "
India 's reluctance to acknowledge the problem is hardly unexpected : the country is heavily committed to an expansion of thermal plants in Punjab and other states .
Neither was it any surprise when a team of scientists from the Department of Atomic Energy visited the area and concluded that while the concentration of uranium in drinking water was " slightly high " , there was " nothing to worry " about .
Yet some tests recorded levels of uranium in the ground water as high as 224mcg/l ( micrograms per litre ) – 15 times higher than the safe level of 15 mcg/l recommended by the WHO .
( The US Environmental Protection Agency sets a maximum safe level of 20 mcg /l. )
Some scientists have proposed that the ground water may have been contaminated by contact with granite rocks that rise above the ground about 150 miles away to the south in the Tosham hills , in Haryana state .
A continuation of these rocks is believed to run deep below the thick alluvial deposits that form the plains of Punjab .
Increasing demands for water , in particular to irrigate the rice crop , have led to greater dependence on tube wells .
That in turn is depleting the water table in the state at an alarming rate – by at least 30 cm a year , according to one study – with the result that water is being drawn from ever deeper levels .
However , this theory seems to be in conflict with evidence from parents of many of the children , who say they use the mains supply , which comes from other sources .
There have also been claims that the contamination may have been exacerbated by depleted uranium carried on the wind from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
At a seminar in Amritsar in April , Admiral Vishnu Bhagwat , a former chief of the naval staff , suggested that areas within a 1,000 - mile radius of Kabul – including Punjab – may be affected by depleted uranium .
Although the prevailing monsoon winds blow either from the north - east or the south - west , there are times when a depression originating in the Mediterranean can result in rainfall in Punjab .
Meanwhile , smoke continues to pour from the power station chimneys and lorries shuttle backwards and forwards , taking away the fly ash to be mixed into cement at the neighbouring Ambuja factory .
Inside the plant last week , there was ash everywhere , forming drifts , clinging to the skin , getting into the throat .
Ravindra
Singh , the plant 's security officer , said that most of the ash went to the cement works , while the rest was dumped in ash ponds .
It would be more efficient to burn better quality coal that left less ash , he said .
Every day the plant burned 6,000 tons of coal .
He had no idea how much ash that generated , but the stream of lorries to take it away was continuous .
The first coal - fired power station in Punjab was commissioned in Bathinda in 1974 , followed by another in nearby Lehra Mohabat in 1998 .
There is a third to the east , at Rupnagar .
Tests on ground water in villages in Bathinda district found the highest average concentration of uranium – 56.95 mcg/ l – in the town of Bucho Mandi , a short distance from the Lehra Mohabat ash pond .
Such a concentration of uranium means the lifetime cancer risk in the village was more than 153 times higher than in the normal population .
Tests on ground water in the village of Jai Singh Wala , close to the Bathinda ash pond , showed an average level of 52.79mcg / l .
People living there said they used the ash to spread on the roads and even on the floors of their homes .
Scientists in Punjab who have studied the presence of uranium in the state have dismissed the government denials as a whitewash .
" If the government says there is a high level of uranium in an area that would create havoc – they do n't want to openly say something like that , " said Dr Chander Parkash , a wetland ecologist working at Guru Nanak Dev University , Amritsar .
Both he and Dr Surinder Singh , who works at the same university and has also carried out tests on the state 's ground water , said it was clear that uranium was present in large quantities and should be investigated further .
Another scientist , Dr GS Dhillon , a former chief engineer with the irrigation department , is convinced that the uranium has come from the power stations and accuses the authorities of failing to control the ash ponds , which he believes have contaminated the ground water .
Their concerns are bolstered by a report from the Kurchatov Institute in Moscow , Russia 's leading state organisation for nuclear research , published last month in the Russian Academy of Sciences ' Thermal Engineering journal .
The report 's author , DA Krylov , raised serious doubts about the safety of coal - fired thermal power stations ( TPSs ) , concluding that radiation from ash residues and from chimney emissions built up around coal - fired power plants and posed an additional risk to those living and working in the area .
" Natural radionuclides contained in coals concentrate in ash - and - slag wastes and gas - aerosol emissions as these coals are fired at TPSs , with the result that an elevated man-made radiation background builds up around TPSs , " the report stated .
The situation became worse , the report said , if ash was used as a construction material or as a filling material for roads .
A previous report in the magazine Scientific American , citing various sources , claimed that fly ash emitted by power plants " carries into the surrounding environment 100 times more radiation than a nuclear power plant producing the same amount of energy " , adding : " When coal is burned into fly ash , uranium and thorium are concentrated at up to 10 times their original levels . "
How Literacy Effects the World Population Growth
For some time there has been some ambiguity about the derivation of the term Third World .
It presupposes there must be a First and Second World .
The following tables and data have been compiled in an effort to show some demarcation with respect to this point .
It is not a traditional definition but it does demonstrate some criteria for establishing different world orders .
The first table depicts eight countries , generally thought to be First World .
The second table has six countries .
Their status as Second World may be more controversial than those characterized in table one or three .
The third table has thirty five countries .
This table obviously has the greatest amount of entries and to some extent it may come as no surprise .
It categorically shows the trends of the Third World .
In all tables countries have been left out for reasons of practicality .
However , enough are shown to give a significant picture of the trends .
As the title suggest the article focuses on population primarily as a function of growth .
The literacy rate is a secondary concern .
Other specific data compared , is the literacy of women , average age of the population and what if any correlation there might be to population growth .
These particular comparisons are easily described using the trends to draw a distinction to help differentiate the three world orders .
With the defining values as literacy and population growth rates , the boundaries are drawn as follows .
The First World is based on a literacy rates greater than 98 % for the entire population while growth rates are below .60 .
With respect to the Second World , the literacy rates are greater than 70 % while growth rates are between .60 and .88 .
Then finally , the Third World , the literacy rates are greater than 12 % , while the growth rates are between .99 and 3.83 .
At first there might be some confusion because of the overlap in literacy rates .
Keep in mind the determining factor as to why a country was placed in a given world order primarily rest upon population growth rate .
To the extent each country shares other commonalities this will give the table ’s characterization more weight .
There are some countries that seem out of place .
For example , the United Sates , China , Iran and India are the most obvious .
For their part the growth rate trends justifies the placement .
Keeping this in mind , the three tables could have been just as easily referred to in social structural terms like the world ’s upper class , middle class and lower class .
Such classification would not have eliminated the controversy .
Perhaps one set of expressions more preferable would have been Old World , New World and Future World .
If one wishes , these terms can be taken literally .
In another sense they are truly metaphorical .
However , framing the United States , China and Iran as a part of the New World Order with India being at the heart of the Future World Order is perhaps less contentious .
As long as when reviewing the data it is understood the strongest determining factor for why a country appears in a certain table has to do with growth rate , it will minimize any distress to everyone ’s sensibilities .
Having said all that , in the first table , Russia and Japan are at the top .
They represent the First World , ( Or Old World or the Upper Class , the choice is left up to the reader ) .
The list shows those countries enjoying the lowest population growth rates coupled with the highest literacy .
Literacy , in cases of both the population as a whole and women are equally high .
This brings us to the Second World , China and Thailand lead the way with the lowest population rates and relatively high literacy .
The United States is holding up the last position because of the relatively high population growth rate but with the noticeably highest literacy rates .
There are some obvious points of contention here .
If it were not for the high population growth rate , the United States would definitely be First World .
Especially since the United States further has an aging population , another indicator of First World .
Yet an aging population in this case may also have to do with a good medical system and high life expectancy or the “ Baby Boomer ” Phenomena .
As apposed to the case of the other First World countries were all of the above apply and decrease in population growth is the acceptable key factor .
Also it should be noted from a historical perspective it looks like a country with a rich heritage like China one would think they would be First World as well .
It would appear that countries like the US , China and India , ( India which is Third World ) , have the ability to transcend all three worlds .
It is very interesting that China , Iran and the United States fall into the same category of the Second World .
However , when mentioning these three countries it might be better to make reference to the category as members of the New World Order .
The countries notably falling into this order may have the dubious distinction of being entities most suited to have a significant effect on the world stage .
Or stated another way , they may be strategically positioned to have the most profound impact on bringing about the Future World or Third World .
The Third World is led by Vietnam and Tunisia while Mexico , Indonesia , Brazil and India are the most populous .
For those countries traditionally thought to be male dominated such as the Arab Nations , men generally out number women , juxtaposed to the First World where woman out number men .
In the Third World the literacy rate for women is also traditionally lower , juxtaposed to the First World where it is equal to those of men .
Another characteristic , different in those communities is the population growth rate .
In the Third World , it is sometimes well over 2.00 , while in the First World the numbers are well below 1.00 and in most cases show a decline .
Other contrast , in most Arab , central Asian and African societies the numbers with respect to literacy for women are relatively low and the number of men tends to out pace the number of women .
However it is uncertain in those countries traditionally thought to be male dominated , if the population numbers for women out pace the numbers for men , is it a false indicator ?
It might be these are signs where perhaps the specific countries have matriarchal systems .
Such a practice might allow the increasing numbers for women to come into play .
In most cases where the literacy rate is exceptionally low and especially in the case of women , as mentioned the population growth rate is well above 2.00 .
It is worth noting the impact of Islam may also be a factor .
Most of the countries in the Third World are greatly influenced by Islam .
This influence can be seen not just in the Arab world but in Africa and countries like Indonesia as well .
The other thing all of these countries have in common is the average age of their population ’s .
They are all relatively young .
In many cases the average age is around 20 years .
It would appear that the Third World is primed as the next generation in this regards .
One surprisingly encouraging number discovered during the informational search had to do with Africa .
Even though Africa has approximately 69 % of the worlds HIV and AIDS cases , the population is expected to grow from 800 million to 1.8 billion in the year 2050 .
This is a staggering increase .
Under the current circumstance , if the trends remain the same , Africa will go from being 13 % of the world to 34 % of the population in approximately 50 years .
The burden will not only be on solving the AIDS crisis but how to feed such masses .
Currently Africa produces enough food to feed about 37 % of its population .
Food production will definitely be the industry of the future as the population of the entire world is slated to go from 6.7 billion in 2009 to 9.3 billion in 2050 .
Perforated paper
Pattern along Path
Using the Rectangle Tool draw a rectangle :
draw a rectangle :
And with the Ellipse Tool a circle ( keep the Ctrl key pressed to get a circle ) :
a circle ( keep the key pressed to get a circle ) :
Select the circle and then the rectangle :
And put the circle on the path defined by the rectangle ( Effects > Generate from Path > Pattern along Path ) .
Ensure copies are Repeated , the deformation type is Snake and adjust the space to fit the size of your circle :
) .
Ensure copies are , the deformation type is and adjust the space to fit the size of your circle :
You will get a contour made from circles for your rectangle :
Select the contour and substract it ( Path > Difference ) from the rectangle :
) from the rectangle :
This is the perforated paper :
Change its color in something paper - like , white or something near white ( a very light yellow for old paper ) :
For a shadow which will make the paper more visible duplicate the shape and make the copy black :
Put it at the bottom of the stack and move a little to the right and down :
Slightly blur the shadow and if you want adjust its transparency :
the shadow and if you want adjust its transparency :
Optionally , for increased realism rotate it a little :
Tiled Clones
With the Ellipse Tool create a circle :
create a circle : Create tiled clones ( Edit > Clone > Create Tiled Clones ) .
Leave the symmetry as simple translation and change the Shift X Per column and Shift Y Per row to something to fit the size of your circle ( here I used 20 % ) .
Set the number of rows and columns ( here 6x8 ) to get the desired size of the stamp :
) .
Leave the symmetry as and change the and to something to fit the size of your circle ( here I used 20 % ) .
Set the number of rows and columns ( here 6x8 ) to get the desired size of the stamp :
The result is a grid like this :
Select and delete the inner circles and leave only a border like this .
Select all and unlink the clones ( Edit > Clone > Unlink Clone ) .
Select all and make an union ( Path > Union ) .
) .
Select all and make an union ( ) .
Draw a rectangle at the desired size and put it under the border made from circles :
Substract ( Path >
Difference ) the border from the rectangle :
) the border from the rectangle : Change its color and add a shadow :
Align and Distribute
Create a Rectangle :
: And a circle :
Select the circle and create a lot of duplicates ( Edit > Duplicate ) .
The number depend on the circle size and rectangle width ( here I made 18 circles ) :
) .
The number depend on the circle size and rectangle width ( here I made 18 circles ) : Select all the circles and the rectangle :
And use the Align and Distribute dialog ( Object > Align and Distribute ) :
dialog ( ) :
Align the circles ( relative to biggest item , which is the rectangle ) evenly by horizontal :
, which is the rectangle ) evenly by :
Select the circles , perform an union ( Path > Union ) and move the result at the top edge of the rectangle :
) and move the result at the top edge of the rectangle : Duplicate and move the copy to the bottom edge :
Make two more copies , rotate them by 90 degrees and move them to the left and right edges .
Adjust their position as needed :
Substract the lines of circles from the rectangle ( Path > Difference ) one by one :
) one by one :
And get the perforated paper :
Change the color and add a shadow :
The postage stamp
Import or make on the spot whatever image or drawing you want to put on the stamp :
Make sure it is in a rectangle :
Add the issuer name ( here I used " Posta Romana " - " the Romanian Post " ) and the denomination ( I used " 2 bani " , the moral equivalent in the Romanian language to the English " two cents " ) :
My stamp image was too simple so I added more texture to the background :
Draw the paper , a rectangle , and put it under the image :
, and put it under the image :
Using one of the ways described above transform the rectangle in perforated paper and you are done :
Done
Feedback
a disclaimer will appear here soon
Many thanks to my friends at OpenArt.ro , www.xdrive.ro and Inovatika for motivating me to write this .
In this easy tutorial we will learn to create postage stamps using Inkscape , the results will look like this : Stamps look like tiny pictures on paper with a white perforated paper .
This is the most important thing for a stamp and the core of this tutorial : I will present three ways to create the perforations , use what you like best .
Now for the easy part : Use any kind of perforations , larger , smaller , round or elliptic , any kind of image , even photos , put the stamp on vertical or horizontal , the possibilities are endless :
You can leave comments , complaints , suggestions , praises on my blog Romanian translation is also available .
Seven people in custody in slaying of Fla. couple Authorities in the Florida Panhandle said they have seven people in custody in the slayings of a wealthy couple known for adopting special - needs children .
Melanie and Byrd Billings were shot to death in their home near Pensacola on Thursday night .
Escambia County Sheriff David Morgan told their daughter , Ashley Markham , at a press conference Tuesday that investigators have found the people responsible for killing her parents .
" It is my honor today to tell you , Ashley , and your family , we have found them and they are in custody , " Morgan said .
Morgan said investigators are still looking for at least one more person in the case .
He said at least one of the suspects in custody may have done work at the Billings ' home .
Prosecutor Bill Eddins said the primary motive was robbery .
A safe was one of the items taken from the home , he said , declining to describe the other items .
Earlier , Morgan told ABC's Good Morning America that authorities had tied at least seven people to the crime but that nothing links any of the suspects to the family directly .
Four arrests were earlier identified by police , including a father and son .
Leonard Gonzalez II , 35 , and Wayne Coldiron , 41 , are charged with murder and home invasion .
Gary Sumner , 30 , is charged with murder , and Leonard Gonzalez Sr. , 56 , is charged with evidence tampering for allegedly painting over damage on a van videotaped by a security camera at the Billings ' house Thursday .
His neighbors alerted police after a description of the van was publicized .
Three more people were arrested Tuesday — a juvenile whom police did not identify ; Frederick Thorton Jr. , 19 ; and Donnie Ray Stallworth , 28 , who was arrested in Alabama but lives in Florida .
Byrd and Melanie Billings were shot to death Thursday night after a home invasion and robbery , Morgan said at a news conference Monday .
Nine of their children were in the house but were unharmed , he said .
" Mr. Billings was well - to - do .
He was an entrepreneur and he opened his home to the community .
You are asking me to speculate on a motive .
That could have been one reason , " Morgan said , likening the killings to the 1959 slayings of a Kansas farm family .
In that case , chronicled by Truman Capote in the book In Cold Blood , the killers mistakenly believed the prosperous family kept a safe full of cash at home .
When asked if the Billings kept much money at their home , Morgan replied , " That has not been verified . "
The investigation has police scrolling through MySpace , the social - networking website , and scanning surveillance tapes from a Wal - Mart where they suspect the men bought the clothing and gear they used in the crime .
" It seems each phase we complete in this investigation , we answer a set of questions , and it opens up another set of questions , " Morgan said .
" The complexity of it is amazing . "
He said investigators are following various leads .
Morgan would not elaborate .
Morgan said he sees no connection between the killings and a MySpace profile in the name of the younger Gonzalez in which the writer refers to a daughter he says was taken from him .
The profile was updated just after midnight Thursday , the day the Billingses were found dead in their rural Beulah home , 17 miles from Pensacola on the Gulf Coast .
The update said : " Making a move for humanity . "
The Billingses had been married 18 years and saw their life 's work in adopting children , said their daughter , Ashley Markham , 26 .
Each had two children when they married .
They adopted 13 children who had been abused or neglected , or had physical or developmental disabilities , Markham said .
" They chose a life that many people did not understand , " she said .
" They had a calling to adopt and to provide love to children that most did not see as normal .
To my mom and dad , their children are perfect . "
The family have planned a visitation for Thursday night and a funeral Friday , family attorney Crystal Collins Spencer said .
The couple were known for philanthropy and as the owners of several businesses , including a car dealership .
The nine children who lived at home and were in the house when the killings occurred are staying with relatives .
Markham would not say where .
Three of the children saw the intruders , Morgan said .
One ran out of the house when the assailants left and alerted a neighbor , who called police , Morgan said .
Surveillance cameras captured the intruders ' movements and images of a van four of the men arrived and fled in .
The elder Gonzalez told police he drove the van , according to an arrest warrant .
Morgan said the operation was conducted with precision :
The men parked their vehicles .
Three entered through the front door and two or three more through a rear door .
At one point , as many as five men in black clothing and masks , at least two carrying guns , moved through the nine - bedroom two - story house .
They were out in less than 10 minutes .
Morgan called the slayings " chilling . "
" It leads me to believe this was a very well - planned and methodical operation . "
Contributing : Marisol Bello , USA TODAY , Pensacola ( Fla . ) News Journal , Associated Press Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A teenage American tourist says he spent two hours clinging to the side of a long - distance train as it sped across the Australian outback in the night .
Chad Vance said he had to leap onto
The Ghan as it left the station at Port Augusta , South Australia , after he had disembarked during a 40 - minute stop .
He became cold and tired as the train reached speeds of up to 110 km /h ( 70 mph ) on the journey to Alice Springs .
Engineer Marty
Wells finally heard his yells and applied the emergency brake .
Mr Vance , quoted in the Herald Sun , said : " I feel very lucky to be alive . "
' Instinctive ' reaction
He thought he had timed his return to the station accurately , but as the train pulled away he ran after it along the tracks .
When it stopped soon afterwards , he said he spent five minutes trying to attract the attention of passengers on board by shouting and banging the windows .
When we rescued him his skin was white and his lips were blue
Marty Wells
Train engineer
" People were looking at me but did nothing , " he said .
With his luggage and passport on board , he decided to grab a handrail in a stairwell .
" Call it instinct , but I just went for it and I did n't even consider if I would be in any trouble . "
Dressed in jeans , a T - shirt and boots , Mr Vance , 19 , said he was worried " my hands would get so cold and numb that I might lose my grip and fall off " .
After two hours , he saw one staff member inside and started banging and yelling .
" He heard me , but he did n't know where the noise was coming from , I could see him walking around and looking for me inside the train .
" He alerted other staff members but they could n't find me either - I guess they did n't think someone could actually be outside the train ! "
Describing the situation as " real scary " , Mr Vance said he was relieved when ten minutes later Mr Wells spotted him and pulled the emergency brake .
" Marty was absolutely a life saver , he was amazing , I could have died without his help . "
Mr Wells agreed .
" When we rescued him his skin was white and his lips were blue .
" We were still about three hours away from our next scheduled stop and in that time he could easily have died of hypothermia or lost his grip and fallen to his death , " he was quoted as saying in the Sunday Territorian .
Mr Vance said he had not told his parents about the train escapade " because I do n't want them to worry about me while I 'm away . "
The Ghan travels from Adelaide , Alice Springs and Darwin , taking two nights to cover 2,979km .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Kimi Raikkonen took his fourth Belgian Grand Prix win on Sunday , but the Ferrari driver was pushed all the way by Force India ‘s Giancarlo Fisichella , who finished less than a second behind the Finn .
Sebastian Vettel was third for Red Bull , ahead of the BMW Saubers of Robert Kubica and Nick Heidfeld .
Brawn ’s Jenson Button failed to finish , but saw his championship lead cut by only two points .
Force India scored its maiden F1 Points and took podium .
Vijay Mallya probably the happiest person on the circuit .
ジメジメ＆暑い日が多くなってきたので、すぅーっと体が寒くなるロボットを10体ほど、ご紹介したいと思います。
１ まず、ご紹介するのは ｢SimMan 3G ｣。これは、お医者さんの卵たちの教育用に開発されたロボット。SimManは人間みたいに泣いたり、咳したり、しゃべったり、痙攣したり、心拍停止状態になったりもするんです。それにしても、不気味すぎるからSimManと二人っきりで居残り練習なんて絶対にできないかも。
２ 次は、あの懐かしいキャベツ人形を使っ てDIY したクモ型ロボット。一瞬アダムスファミリー とチャイルドプレイの両方を思い出しちゃいました。今晩夢に出てきちゃいそう です･･･ 。 [ Make via Link ]
３ 覚えてます？ 学天則。こ ち ら80 年前に昭和天皇即位を記念してデザインされたロボットですが、最近約2100万円かけて復元されてコンピューター制御式のロボットになったんです。学天則は首を傾げたり、瞬きしたり、ほほ笑んだり表情豊か。おまけに、ゴムのチューブで空気圧をコントロールして頬をプクゥ～とさせたり胸が動いたりするんです。観る人によっては、カワイイって思う人もいるのかも!?
[ Link ]
４ Lucyは、Steve Grand作の人工知能を持つオランウータン・ロボット。これは、人間の赤ちゃんの成長をシミュレートさせようと思って作ったロボット。こんな顔ですが、そのうち、心を持つぐらいまで成長するかも!?
とかいろんな目標を託されたロボットなんです。だったら、もうちょっとカワイイ子ににすればよかったのに...。それに、どう見てもオランウータンじゃないでしょっ。邪悪すぎます。
[ Image via Streeb - Greebling ]
５ 人型ロボッ トSayaは小学校の先生。18個のモーターと複雑なプログラミングのおかげで、いろんな表情をすることができたり、出欠をとったり、小学校の生徒たちに科学の楽しさを教えたりすることができるんです。更に複数の言語をしゃべることもできちゃうから、インターナショナルスクールの先生にもなれそうですね。とはいうものの、表情が怖すぎだから、低学年にはキツイかも...。
６ 夢ねこスマイルは、まるで本物のネコを飼ってるのと同じような体験をさせてくれるネコ型ロボット。ほっぺをなでると甘えてきたり、シッポを触ると怒ったりもするんです。このほか、なでると｢なによぉー｣とか｢うふふっ｣とかしゃべる夢ねこもあるんです。寂しんぼうには癒しになるのかもですけど、恋人の家にあったら、なんかちょっと複雑な気持ちになりそう。
７ 次は、人間型ロボッ トSimroid。こちらは、最初にご紹介したSimManの仲間。今回は歯医者さんの卵が練習するために開発されたロボット。人間の患者さんが治療されている時と同じ反応ができるようになっているそうです。横のアングルから見た時は、けっこうリアルなかんじなんだけど正面から見ると、やっぱり怖いです･･･ね。
８ 以前ご紹介し たWD-2、再び登場です。この百面相なロボットは心に焼き付いていて、ホラーなロボットというと、ついつい思い出しちゃうんですよね。こちら、サーボとマイクロコントローラーを使って、いろんな表情を自由自在につくれちゃうんです。WD-2を顔に装備したロボットが好きな時に好きな顔に変身して、人間社会の中に知らないうちに溶け込んでる日がくるかもしれませんね･･･。
[ Link ]
９ Geminoidは、大阪大学の教授でもあり、ロボット研究家の石黒浩さんが、自分のドッペルゲンガーなロボットとしてデザインしたロボットです。Geminoidはどこからでもリモートコントロールができるようになっているので、これで教授は同時に2ヶ所に存在することができるようになったんです。
[ Wired ]
１０ 最後にご紹介するのは子供型ロボットCB2。これは子供が発達する過程を研究するためのロボットだそうで、１歳児ぐらいの子供の生体模倣ができるそうです。内側には、197のセンサー、アイカメラ、51の圧縮空気を送る管が筋肉の役割をしています。確かに中に人間が入ってるんじゃ？と思うような動きをするのはスゴイなぁと思っちゃいます。でも、僕的にはこの10体のロボットの中でも不気味度ナンバー1だと思ってるんですけど、みなさんは？
－ Sean Fallon（原文 ／junjun ）
60 % オフの￥ 7,560
【関連記事 】
・フォトショップコンテスト｢殺意を感じるロボット｣（ギャラリーあり）
・美しく、妖しい、広瀬茂男教授のロボットたち（動画あり）
・自分でコンセントを入れようと奮闘するロボット
・お姫さま抱っこができるリアルな女性型ロボット
・あまりにもダウナーなノリの５歳少女ロボット（動画）
About This Game
Key features :
Diverse array of levels from quaint towns to alien locations , including Deep One City
Dynamic Sanity system resulting in hallucinations , panic attacks , vertigo , paranoia , and more !
Incredibly detailed real - time graphics with atmospheric lighting and dynamic shadows
Intelligent gameplay involving puzzle solving as well as combat and exploration
1920s weaponry and vehicles as well as evil artifacts and alien technology
Lovecraft 's famous monsters and locations
Call of Cthulhu : Dark Corners of the Earth is a first - person horror game that combines intense action and adventure elements .
You will draw upon your skills in exploration , investigation , and combat while faced with the seemingly impossible task of battling evil incarnate .
In a New York Times story today about health insurance executives and their employees complaining about criticism of the health insurance industry , one executive acknowledges that the industry is all about rationing care :
" I believe we 're getting the pushback because we are standing up for what we believe in , " said Cheryl Tidwell , 45 , Humana 's director of commercial sales training .
" We believe there 's a better way to control costs by controlling utilization and getting people involved in their health care . "
Now , I know we 're supposed to think that private for - profit health care companies do n't ration care , while government - run programs like Medicare do - but as the insurance industry admits right here for all to see , that 's just not the case .
The obvious truth is that the health insurance industry works hard to " control utilization " - that is , it works hard to make sure that when you need a costly medical service , you are " controlled " ( read : prevented ) from getting it .
Sure , we 're all against excessive testing - and there are good ways to deal with those inefficiencies .
But that 's not what the insurance industry is talking about .
It is talking about its practice of rationing care - and now that reality is right there in black and white for all to see .
_______
About author David Sirota is a political strategist and NY Times bestselling author whose work appears in major newspapers and magazines .
He has appeared on CNN , MSNBC , CNBC and The Colbert Report .
He has appeared in TV debates with right - wing icons like Ann Coulter , John Stossel and John Fund .
Email : david [ at ] davidsirota.com .
After having negotiated a deal with the entertainment industries , ISPs in the UK have agreed to send out warning letters to customers who are suspect of downloading copyrighted movies and music .
However , one ISP has decided to take it one step further , by acutally disconnecting alleged copyright infringers .
Every day , tens of thousands of warning letters are sent out to ISPs on behalf of copyright holders .
Some ISPs simply ignore them but the majority forwards the emails to their customers .
However , the actions of the UK ISP Karoo in dealing with these requests are quite unique , and more far reaching than this .
Instead of notifying its customers that they have received a letter from a copyright holder , with the claim that their IP - address is associated with illegal downloading – Karoo customers are immediately disconnected without any prior warning .
As we reported last year , Karoo does n’t even allow users to have an open router .
Andrea Robinson is one of the Karoo customers who was accused of downloading illegally , Terminator Salvation in her case .
She lost her Internet connection and the only option she has to get her Internet access reinstated is by signing a form sent to her by Karoo , which says she admits guilt .
“ The form basically said ‘ if I admit my guilt you ’ll reconnect me ’ .
So I did n’t sign it and walked out .
I ’m still not reconnected , ” she told the BBC .
With Karoo being the only ISP in her neighborhood she is now left with no Internet , and clueless what to do about it .
According to the BBC she is not the only one , as there are similar cases at Karoo dating two years back .
In the United States there is one ISP that employs a similar strategy – Cox .
When Cox receives a takedown request from a copyright holder , it will disconnect the customer associated with the IP - address , if they do n’t admit to being guilty .
If a customer receives three takedown requests their Internet is cut off entirely .
The real problem with Karoo and Cox ’s methods lies in the fact that they act upon accusations made by anti-piracy organizations who employ evidence gathering methods that are shoddy , to say the least .
In the UK , the BBC consumer show Watchdog revealed how easy it is to point the finger ( and pull the plug ) on the wrong person .
For Karoo this means that these wrongfully accused customers will lose their Internet access , unless they admit to an offense they were not involved in .
Since Karoo is the one and only Internet provider in the area , some will feel that they have no alternative , and they will sign the “ guilty ” form just to get back online .
The anti-piracy groups must be proud of Karoo and their reckless tactics but the ISP should stop to consider the future .
Monopolies do n’t last forever and the Internet has a long memory .
Update : After today ’s reports Karoo decided to change their policy .
Instead of disconnecting alleged pirates directly , they will operate a a three strikes and you are out rule .
By GottaLaff
U.S. Army Maj .
Stefan Frederick
Cook is seeking a federal court order to stall and eventually prevent an upcoming deployment to Afghanistan
In the 20 - page document — filed July 8 with the United States District Court , Middle District of Georgia — Cook 's California - based attorney , Orly Taitz , asks the court to consider granting his client 's request based upon Cook 's belief that President Barrack Obama is not a natural - born citizen of the United States and is therefore ineligible to serve as commander - in - chief of U.S Armed Forces .
Photo by Photo by e-magic
There has been plenty of venting in the blogosphere about the difficulty and frustration that ensues when dealing with web developers .
In fact , we ’ve contributed to this topic ourselves when we wrote about The Myopic Web Developer .
In an ideal world there would be a unity between the designer and the developer , a shared understanding of the medium and a unified approach to problem solving on the web .
However , that is rarely the case .
It ’s just the nature of how a designer thinks and executes her ideas and how a developer approaches and solves a problem .
They do n’t mix well in that overlapping area known as implementation .
Having been on both sides of the relationship I can demonstrably state that the inverse can be equally as frustrating .
Here are some common areas where developers can butt heads with web designers and some of our experiential insight on how to resolve conflicts while keeping creative vision and practical implementation ( and , let ’s face it , egos ) intact .
As a web site project manager , understanding the nuances of the relationship between designer and developer will help you manage your online projects more effectively .
Line wrap ( AKA rag , widows and orphans )
I once spent hours on the phone with a production designer at a large design agency going through the web site page by page , line by line , inserting line breaks so the text would wrap the same as it had in the design comps they delivered .
Being a big design firm with a strong print background , they were particularly concerned with the look or the ‘ rag ’ of the text and the widows and orphans the browser had created .
When I tried to explain that the exercise was futile , that different browsers would display the text differently , that the user themselves could resize the text and render this a moot point , I was countered with one simple statement :
The web site had to look just right on the CEOs computer .
Every other user who might come across this site — potential clients , future employees , scrutinizing peers — would be thrown to the winds of the browser - of - choice rendering engine .
Resolution
Although we found no resolve , we did approach it the correct way .
We explained to the client the consequences of their actions and gave our strong recommendation for leaving the text alone .
The web , we explained , is a much different medium than print .
Then we let them make the decision .
That is all you really can do in a situation like this , especially when the client is paying the bills .
I once spent hours on the phone with a production designer at a large design agency going through the web site page by page , line by line , inserting line breaks so the text would wrap the same as it had in the design comps they delivered .
Being a big design firm with a strong print background , they were particularly concerned with the look or the ‘ rag ’ of the text and the widows and orphans the browser had created .
When I tried to explain that the exercise was futile , that different browsers would display the text differently , that the user themselves could resize the text and render this a moot point , I was countered with one simple statement :
The web site had to look just right on the CEOs computer .
Every other user who might come across this site — potential clients , future employees , scrutinizing peers — would be thrown to the winds of the browser - of - choice rendering engine .
Although we found no resolve , we did approach it the correct way .
We explained to the client the consequences of their actions and gave our strong recommendation for leaving the text alone .
The web , we explained , is a much different medium than print .
Then we let them make the decision .
That is all you really can do in a situation like this , especially when the client is paying the bills .
Desired design dimensions and common screen resolutions
The abundance of web analytic tools has given us developers a wealth of information regarding the user ’s browser environment and their online habits .
These statistics are invaluable when designing for the web , however , some designers refuse to acknowledge them .
For example , we had a client whose usage statistics showed greater than 60 % of their online audience were using computers with a maximum screen resolution of 1024 ×768 .
The designers delivered a comp that was 1280 × 1024 , with most of the site content falling below the fold .
When we pointed out the discrepancies the higher resolution was defended as being a necessity to keep the site in the same ranks as other high end sites in the industry whose resolutions had moved beyond 1024 ×768 eons ago .
Resolution
We presented a healthy amount of evidence to justify reducing the site ’s dimensions .
However , quantifying the human response has been a subject of research and fierce debate for years .
As developers we would put usability before brand .
As designers , the inverse sometimes prevails .
It ’s best to follow the advice of the wise sage Kenny Rogers , who said “ You ’ve got to know when to hold ’em , and know when to fold ’em . ”
Engage both the designers and the client in an objective review of the facts and be OK with the fact that they may still choose to exclude your perspective .
The abundance of web analytic tools has given us developers a wealth of information regarding the user ’s browser environment and their online habits .
These statistics are invaluable when designing for the web , however , some designers refuse to acknowledge them .
For example , we had a client whose usage statistics showed greater than 60 % of their online audience were using computers with a maximum screen resolution of 1024 ×768 .
The designers delivered a comp that was 1280 × 1024 , with most of the site content falling below the fold .
When we pointed out the discrepancies the higher resolution was defended as being a necessity to keep the site in the same ranks as other high end sites in the industry whose resolutions had moved beyond 1024 ×768 eons ago .
We presented a healthy amount of evidence to justify reducing the site ’s dimensions .
However , quantifying the human response has been a subject of research and fierce debate for years .
As developers we would put usability before brand .
As designers , the inverse sometimes prevails .
It ’s best to follow the advice of the wise sage Kenny Rogers , who said “ You ’ve got to know when to hold ’em , and know when to fold ’em . ”
Engage both the designers and the client in an objective review of the facts and be OK with the fact that they may still choose to exclude your perspective .
Browser text and graphical text , the SEO debate
Fortunately , SEO has come a long way in the minds of designers and their clients over the years .
It used to be that any clickable text on the page had to be graphical to incorporate snappy mouseover effects and crisp anti-aliased text .
Today , web browser and css improvements have given the web developer a lot of power in producing great looking text for navigation menus and buttons .
However , some designers are still holding out for graphical text .
It is true that some of the sites do n’t need to be concerned with SEO .
But , for those that do , it can be difficult trying to convince the designer that creating graphical text will hurt online search engine rankings .
The most common response is that the brand is more important than the rankings .
The font families used in the design of the site are inseparable kin sticking together until the very end , regardless of what fate awaits them .
Resolution
Your best bet is to rely heavily on CSS to convince the designer to switch over to browser text .
If necessary , specify the first font as the actual font in the original comp .
This way it will look pretty on the designer ’s and the client ’s browser , while the rest of the world will see the secondary serif or san serif approximation .
We have had a lot of success using CSS to create web pages that are almost identical to the original comp , thereby convincing the designer to do away with the graphical text .
In other cases we ’ve been able to convince them to convert a good portion of the text while retaining a few of the brand essentials as graphical text .
Fortunately , SEO has come a long way in the minds of designers and their clients over the years .
It used to be that any clickable text on the page had to be graphical to incorporate snappy mouseover effects and crisp anti-aliased text .
Today , web browser and css improvements have given the web developer a lot of power in producing great looking text for navigation menus and buttons .
However , some designers are still holding out for graphical text .
It is true that some of the sites do n’t need to be concerned with SEO .
But , for those that do , it can be difficult trying to convince the designer that creating graphical text will hurt online search engine rankings .
The most common response is that the brand is more important than the rankings .
The font families used in the design of the site are inseparable kin sticking together until the very end , regardless of what fate awaits them .
Your best bet is to rely heavily on CSS to convince the designer to switch over to browser text .
If necessary , specify the first font as the actual font in the original comp .
This way it will look pretty on the designer ’s and the client ’s browser , while the rest of the world will see the secondary serif or san serif approximation .
We have had a lot of success using CSS to create web pages that are almost identical to the original comp , thereby convincing the designer to do away with the graphical text .
In other cases we ’ve been able to convince them to convert a good portion of the text while retaining a few of the brand essentials as graphical text .
Image optimization
Another area of debate can be image optimization .
As the web developer it is your job to find that happy medium between image quality and compression .
While broadband is alleviating some of the pressure on creating smaller image filesizes , optimizing some images can still present challenges .
The threshold of what a developer considers an acceptable optimized image is always going to be lower than that of the designer .
When this has come up with past clients we ’ve always been able to find an acceptable compromise by sitting down together and optimizing a few baseline images in Photoshop .
Resolution
Everyone wants the page to load faster , making this issue an easy one to work through with most designers .
Sit down together and optimize a few baseline images in Photoshop .
Take note of the filters and optimization settings applied to create the images and use them as guidelines for the rest of the images on the site .
Another area of debate can be image optimization .
As the web developer it is your job to find that happy medium between image quality and compression .
While broadband is alleviating some of the pressure on creating smaller image filesizes , optimizing some images can still present challenges .
The threshold of what a developer considers an acceptable optimized image is always going to be lower than that of the designer .
When this has come up with past clients we ’ve always been able to find an acceptable compromise by sitting down together and optimizing a few baseline images in Photoshop .
Everyone wants the page to load faster , making this issue an easy one to work through with most designers .
Sit down together and optimize a few baseline images in Photoshop .
Take note of the filters and optimization settings applied to create the images and use them as guidelines for the rest of the images on the site .
Too much Flash
Yeah , it still happens .
Despite the inability to bookmark a page , or use the back button on your browser , or email a link to your friend , along with the absence of a number of other usability features , web sites are still being developed in Flash .
And to make things worse , publications such as Communication Arts usually give Flash sites much more attention and praise in their interactive annuals then they do HTML - based web sites .
There are some amazing Flash designers out there doing some great work , it ’s just not the type of work we do .
So when a client approaches us about building out a Flash site , we simply say “ no thanks . ”
Some designers can be persuaded from building out a Flash site based on the sheer number of usability issues , while others may insist on it and choose to look elsewhere for a developer .
Resolution
Building out a Flash site can take a lot of expertise .
If you have that expertise or have chosen to employ a Flash developer , by all means , pursue it .
If , however , you want to champion the building of more content - driven , usable web sites , explain to the designer and the client the trade - offs involved when developing a Flash site .
Awards and prestige can create an insatiable thirst for catering to peers instead of the end - user , but we never wanted to be rock stars in the first place .
The question to answer is , do you ?
Yeah , it still happens .
Despite the inability to bookmark a page , or use the back button on your browser , or email a link to your friend , along with the absence of a number of other usability features , web sites are still being developed in Flash .
And to make things worse , publications such as Communication Arts usually give Flash sites much more attention and praise in their interactive annuals then they do HTML - based web sites .
There are some amazing Flash designers out there doing some great work , it ’s just not the type of work we do .
So when a client approaches us about building out a Flash site , we simply say “ no thanks . ”
Some designers can be persuaded from building out a Flash site based on the sheer number of usability issues , while others may insist on it and choose to look elsewhere for a developer .
Building out a Flash site can take a lot of expertise .
If you have that expertise or have chosen to employ a Flash developer , by all means , pursue it .
If , however , you want to champion the building of more content - driven , usable web sites , explain to the designer and the client the trade - offs involved when developing a Flash site .
Awards and prestige can create an insatiable thirst for catering to peers instead of the end - user , but we never wanted to be rock stars in the first place .
The question to answer is , do you ?
Content to imagery ratios
I do periodic portfolio reviews of students graduating from my Alma Mater , the Art & Design program at Cal Poly at San Luis Obispo .
And what I often see are web site designs that were created in Photoshop and then chopped and tiled in ImageReady .
The result is a well designed poster pasted onto a computer screen using hundreds of small tiles , with atrocious load times and a general uncertainty of what is clickable and what is not .
It ’s not their fault .
They do n’t fully understand how the web works — how HTML and CSS can be used in conjuction with Photoshop to create more fluid web sites with increased usability and much less imagery .
None of them have ever worked with a web developer or have been required to learn development skills as part of their curriculum .
It is , afterall , a design program they are attending .
Resolution
Fresh designers with little exposure to web development are still a part of the design and development process .
It is not uncommon for a client to bring in a student designer or a freshly graduated one to save some money and give the designer some real - world experience .
Having been this designer once myself , I welcome them with open arms .
The best approach in this situation is to audit the design from the perspective of a web developer .
Give them feedback on how to alter the design to make it more web friendly .
They are fresh and they are young , they will soak up your words of wisdom like a sponge .
I do periodic portfolio reviews of students graduating from my Alma Mater , the Art & Design program at Cal Poly at San Luis Obispo .
And what I often see are web site designs that were created in Photoshop and then chopped and tiled in ImageReady .
The result is a well designed poster pasted onto a computer screen using hundreds of small tiles , with atrocious load times and a general uncertainty of what is clickable and what is not .
It ’s not their fault .
They do n’t fully understand how the web works — how HTML and CSS can be used in conjuction with Photoshop to create more fluid web sites with increased usability and much less imagery .
None of them have ever worked with a web developer or have been required to learn development skills as part of their curriculum .
It is , afterall , a design program they are attending .
Fresh designers with little exposure to web development are still a part of the design and development process .
It is not uncommon for a client to bring in a student designer or a freshly graduated one to save some money and give the designer some real - world experience .
Having been this designer once myself , I welcome them with open arms .
The best approach in this situation is to audit the design from the perspective of a web developer .
Give them feedback on how to alter the design to make it more web friendly .
They are fresh and they are young , they will soak up your words of wisdom like a sponge .
Navigating the site
Ultimately , it ’s the content contained within a web site that the audience is seeking .
As web designers and developers our goal is to get them there as quickly and easily as possible .
However , we ’ve been asked to jettison drop down menus , search boxes , and other useful navigation tools because they did n’t fit the look of the web site .
We ’ve also built out designs where the primary content is buried several links deep in order to force the audience through a series of intermediary pages that reinforce a message or a visual brand .
While I can understand the importance of emphasizing the brand experience in an overcrowded and noisy market , there comes a point where you have to draw the line and put the needs of the audience first .
Otherwise , they ’ll go elsewhere .
Resolution
Similar to the other examples above , there are usability studies that support reducing the number of clicks .
Likewise , there is data supporting the impact of branding on the consumer .
It ’s a game of repetition being played against one of reduction .
There are two ways we ’ve approached this problem when working with designers in the past .
First , we suggest dropping some of the intermediary pages that are funneling the audience into a modal method of perusing the site .
These pages can always be reintroduced in other areas of the site .
Second , we suggest creating an alternative route into the deeper areas of the site , thus creating a more flattened site architecture .
This can be accomplished with drop down menus or lists of popular links — anything to enable the audience to quickly descend into the site while still maintaining the brand objectives of the web site .
Yes , every one of these experiences is a true story .
And yes , we found a way through each scenario and found a way to work together toward a completed project .
The important thing for the web designer and web developer is to put the project before their own pride and inflated egos and see it through to the end .
And it ’s the job of the project manager to keep the work flowing through all of the intricacies of such a working relationship , while simultaneously keeping the client happy and the project on time and under budget .
Glenn Beck had a glass of wine with Nancy Pelosi last night .
Of course , it was n't actually Pelosi .
It was some poor Fox employee made to sit across the desk from Beck with a cardboard Pelosi mask , holding a glass of juice of some kind that was serving as a stand - in for wine .
It was all meant to spoof Pelosi for supposedly listening only to " millionaire contributors " instead of her constituents .
But then he tossed in a little " joke " :
Beck : I just want you to drink it .
Drink it .
[ Laughs ]
Drink it !
I really just wanted to thank you for having us over here to wine country .
You know , to be invited , I thought you had to be a major Democratic donor or longtime friend of yours , which I 'm not .
Oh , ah , by the way , I put poison in your -- no I --
Funny , it seems like only a couple of days ago Beck was imploring his viewers not to resort to acts of violence .
( It was . )
And now he 's encouraging violence by joking about poisoning the Speaker of the House .
% of all
players
Total achievements : 29
You must be logged in to compare these stats to your own
Matt Goldstein over at Reuters reports someone tried to steal Goldman Sachs ’ ( GS ) secret program trading platform which deals with “ a very low latency ( microseconds ) event - driven market data processing , strategy and order submission engine . ”
The platform apparently gives Goldman the edge over the competition when it comes to rapid - fire trading of stocks and commodities .
From Reuters :
While most in the US were celebrating the 4th of July , a Russian immigrant living in New Jersey was being held on federal charges of stealing top - secret computer trading codes from a major New York - based financial institution — that sources say is none other than Goldman Sachs .
The allegations , if true , are big news because the codes the accused man , Sergey Aleynikov [ photo above ] , tried to steal is the secret code to unlocking Goldman ’s automated stocks and commodities trading businesses .
Federal authorities allege the computer codes and related - trading files that Aleynikov uploaded to a German - based website help this major “ financial institution ” generate millions of dollars in profits each year .
…
Federal authorities say the platform quickly processes rapid developments in the markets and uses top secret mathematical formulas to allow the firm to make highly - profitable automated trades .
The criminal case has the potential to shed a light on the inner workings of an important profit center for Goldman and other Wall Street firms .
The case against Aleynikov , notes Goldstein , may explain why the NYSE moved quickly last week to stop reporting program stock trading for its most active firms .
Goldman often was at the top of the chart , usually a mile ahead of its competitors .
Separately here : Wallstreetpit was contacted by NYSE ’s Vice President of Corporate Communications , Mr. Ray Pellecchia , on the day we ran the story about NYSE ’s decision to decomission the daily program trading report , July 1st .
Mr. Pellecchia informed us that “ NYSE [ was ] not [ in fact ] eliminating the weekly report ; [ it was ] just changing the source of the data to eliminate duplication . ”
I ’m quoting the rest of Ray ’s comment to us :
Israel last month asked the United State for permission to attack Iran 's nuclear facilities , Kuwaiti newspaper al - Jarida reported on Friday .
The paper quoted a " US diplomatic source located in Jerusalem " , but the report 's credibility was not confirmed .
According to the sources , after the opposition riots broke out in Iran following June 's presidential election results , Israel asked the US government for a green light to strike the country 's nuclear facilities , along with other vital facilities in Iran .
The source added that the Obama administration ignored the Israeli request , that was sent by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , with President Shimon Peres 's signature as well .
According to the source , Israel was serious about its intentions to attack Iran and hit it hard , but the US 's lack of response to the request left Israel frustrated and the operation was called off .
The source also said explained White House 's decision to withdraw its recognition of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's re-election , saying , " We were under Israel and Arab pressure to take back our recognition of him .
" There are moderate Arab countries that do not want us to recognize Ahmadinejad . "
Connecting to server …
Looking for someone you can chat with .
Hang on .
You ’re now chatting with a random stranger .
Say hi !
Stranger : is there anybody there ?
You : oh! hello !
You : sorry !
Stranger : ok
You : how are you ? :
Stranger : fine thanks
Stranger : and u ?
You : I am very good indeed
You : I am sunbathing
You : the light energy fills my every pore and rejuvinates me
You : I feel 10 years younger
Stranger : where are you from ?
You : I am from the vile catacombs ‘ neath the eldritch fortress of Geldoriad , you ?
Stranger : brazil
Stranger : and where is geldoriad ?
You : it is south of paris
Stranger : cool
Stranger : are u from france then ?
You : yes , I am
Stranger : nice
Stranger : may I ask you your age ?
You : I am 163
You : you ?
Stranger : ok gandalf … hahaha
Stranger : i´m 19
You : wow , you are old !
Stranger : hihihihi yeah
You : so what do you do ?
Stranger : i´m student … jornalism on university
You : that is cool
Stranger : and u ?
You : I direct all of my attentions to fighting the dread - spider of Arkanos , I hope one day to take its venom and develop a cure in order to save my beloved wife Raina
Stranger : humm …
You : you think that will work ?
You : perhaps a sonic frequency – if tuned to the resonant frequency of its stomach – could rend the lining and cause a slow death
Your conversational partner has disconnected .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
TANSOR , England --
In the land of Sherlock Holmes and Agatha Christie , it has fallen to a taxidermist to uncover whether foul play is to blame for the corpse found floating in a lake here late last month : Benson , the legendary 52 - pound carp whose untimely death has captivated a nation 's anglers .
For years , Benson was a catch - and - release attraction in Bluebell Lakes , a private fishing complex .
Benson was a normal - size carp when she was placed in Kingfisher Lake 16 years ago .
The lakes ' owner , Tony Bridgefoot , noticed Benson 's propensity to pack on the pounds and groomed her for stardom .
For years , Mr. Bridgefoot was able to claim that Benson was the U.K.'s largest common carp , her appeal bolstered by bright - orange scales that seemed painted on and perfect lips .
The result was a plus - size phenomenon .
Fishermen from as far afield as Germany trekked to this lake hoping to hook a fish the size of a family dog .
Benson was caught and put back in the lake 63 times , hitting a high weight of 64 pounds two years ago .
But at 2 p.m. on July 28 , Mr. Bridgefoot , at his holiday home in Norfolk , took a disturbing call from his grandson , Jimmy : a large fish body had been found floating in one of his lakes .
" You 'd better get back here , it looks like it 's Benson , " Mr. Bridgefoot remembers being told .
Mr. Bridgefoot got in his car and drove home .
Sure enough , Benson was sleeping with the fishes , so to speak .
With the Playstation 3
Slim starting to show up at Best Buys around the country , the national retailer has kicked off a plan to try and cut down on the number of people returning a recent PS3 for the newer PS3 Slim , sources tell Kotaku .
Advertisement
An internal memo , verified independently by a number of employees at different stores , shows that Best Buy is offering people who come into the store to exchange recently purchased Playstation 3's for the newly released PS3 Slim a choice of a free Playstation 3 title and price match in lieu of the new slimmer , larger - hard - drive sporting console .
Due to the interest in the new Slim model , the memo warns , stores may see people trying to return their console for the newer model .
Before doing the exchange , a store is allowed to offer a choice of a free copy of Infamous , MLB 09 The Show or Killzone 2 .
Not a bad selection , but is it worth more than the smaller footprint and bigger hard drive ?
Advertisement
It 's important to note that this is n't an advertised sale , it 's an internal memo .
So it may be up to the store manager 's discretion how often to offer the deal .
I 'd also assume that this would only hold for Playstation 3's purchased within the past 30 days and with a valid receipt .
We 've contacted Sony and Best Buy for confirmation .
If this is true , I think it 's just further evidence of a console war heating up to deliver plenty of great deals for gamers on both sides of the fence .
The Lehman Bros. of 2009
Here comes another financial systemic risk crisis .
The drama du jour is at CIT , a commercial lender not to be confused with Citigroup .
CIT is a small - to - midsize business lender that actually has a lot more in common with Lehman Bros .
Like Lehman , the company ’s business model is reliant on debt and easy credit — CIT relies on money borrowed from capital markets to finance its loans .
And also like Lehman , CIT is saddled with debt of its own — about $ 35 billion worth .
Having already bailed out CIT with $ 2.3 billion in TARP bucks , the Obama administration gave the company the cold shoulder ( thank heavens ) when CIT came knocking for more earlier this week .
Evidently , their moronic board was counting on renewed government aid .
Now the company has just a matter of days to raise as much as $ 3 billion .
Fat chance , says the market :
This time last week , we compared some eerie similarities between 2008 and 2009 … investor attitudes , market behavior and economic indicators are lining up a bit too close for comfort .
And now this — what would be the biggest banking failure since Lehman .
Oy , could get interesting .
Most media outlets are downplaying CIT ’s peril , but we ’re not so quick to brush it off .
Its bankruptcy wo n’t likely produce a Lehman style meltdown , but on Monday , tens of thousands of businesses might not have a primary source of financing .
In this credit environment , do you think it ’ll be easy for them to get fast loans from someone else ?
Narration :
One morning , Robert Vickers purchased a large quantity of dry ice , and set about destroying his perfectly healthy left leg
Robert Vickers :
Initially there was a bit of pain .
But I guess knowing the outcome , the endorphins or whatever were probably running rampant through my body .
And then later in the day when I thought it was just about done , I rang my wife , asked her to come and collect me .
My leg was frozen stiff .
So she arranged for me to be taken to the hospital .
And the next time I woke up it was absolute ecstasy .
The leg that I 'd wanted to get rid of for all those years was ah just reduced to a , you know , a neat little bandaged stump .
Narration :
By now , you 're probably thinking this man is crazy .
But the truth is far more interesting and strange .
From as early as he could remember , Robert had the strongest feeling his left leg did n't belong .
Robert Vickers :
Around about 5 - 8 years old I started to think about it .
And when I could , I 'd pretend to be a left leg amputee - you know I 'd get a leather belt and ah tie my leg up and put it into my pyjamas .
And I could get a certain amount of satisfaction out of pretending for a little while .
Dr Jonica Newby :
You did n't even tell your family ?
Robert Vickers :
No .
Narration :
By his teens , the stress of his secret had led to severe depression - and ultimately a suicide attempt .
Dr Jonica Newby :
Did you try to do anything more constructive about this problem with your leg ?
Robert Vickers :
Well at times I tried to - you know sort of fatally injure the leg with tourniquets and the likes of that .
Dropping the weight of the car on the knee and things like that and but you know the leg was made of tougher stuff than I imagined .
And it was n't until I was about thirty that I thought now get rid of it once and for all .
Narration :
That was the first time he tried dry ice .
But the doctors managed to save his leg .
What 's more , they believed he was mad - and gave him tranquilizers , anti-psychotics , and electroconvulsive shock therapy .
Dr Jonica Newby :
Did you think you were crazy ?
Robert Vickers :
Very much so .
Narration :
Until he was confronted with his first similar case a few years ago , psychiatrist Chris Ryan shared that view .
Dr Chris Ryan :
They 've been extremely normal people .
Just everyday people - bankers , doctors , - not nutty but very distressed by having what they see as an extra leg .
That was the thing that really made me think this is n't a psychiatric illness , it does n't fit any of the known psychiatric illnesses , Iit must be a problem with the brain in some sort of way .
Narration :
But how could your brain disown your leg ?
Dr Jonica Newby :
You'd think the sense of owning your body would be one of the most rock solid things in your life .
But apparently , it 's amazingly easy to mess with .
Narration :
With the help of these virtual reality goggles , Dr Lorimer Moseley and his team are going to put my awareness into someone else 's body ... and being a good sport , Robert has volunteered .
Dr Jonica Newby :
No offence Robert , but I 'm not really sure I want to swap bodies with you .
Robert Vickers :
That 's alright .
I 'm not easily offended .
Narration :
Robert is wearing a camera , so I 'm seeing what he sees .
We 're also being touched at exactly the same time .
Amazingly quickly , something weird happens .
Scientist :
Now Jonica , on which arm are you feeling the touch .
Dr Jonica Newby :
Well the arm that 's in front of me with the black pen , that 's gone all hairy .
Narration :
It 's completely real - that hairy arm is mine .
Dr Lorimer Moseley :
So your brain is receiving touch information from your arm and visual information from Roberts arm and concludes that vision is winning , vision makes sense here .
Scientist :
OK so now I 'll try and give you a disembodied touch .
Dr Jonica Newby :
Oh !
Now that 's really strange .
wow .
Dr Lorimer Moseley :
So if you close your eyes now Jonica and point to where you 're feeling that touch - now point ... so you 're actually feeling that touch to be half a metre away from your own body .
Dr Jonica Newby :
Wow , so this is a full on out of body experience .
Narration :
How on earth is this possible ?
Our brains are born with a basic map of a four limbed body outline .
But the map needs constant updating from the senses ... touch ... vision ... joint position .
These send a live feed to a part of the brain known as the right parietal lobule - which integrates the feeds , and updates the body map .
Dr Lorimer Moseley :
If we start messing with those sensory feeds , we can very easily mess with the body image , and then all of a sudden bang you 're outside of your own body .
Narration :
And you do n't need fancy virtual reality gizmos to mess with those sensory feeds .
How about a trip to the dentist - remember how the anaesthetic made your lip feel fat ?
Amputation leads to phantom limbs which often change shape .
The sense of owning your body can even expand to accept objects ... so can it shrink to reject bits of you ?
Dr Jonica Newby :
OK , I 'm back in my own body , but now we 're going to try another experiment called the rubber hand illusion .
Narration :
This illusion is so simple , you can do it at home .
By stroking my real hand when all I can see is a rubber hand - the fake hand becomes mine - totally .
Dr Lorimer Moseley :
Now tell me what happens when I just cut into your hand ....
Dr Jonica Newby :
scream and look at camera .
I thought he was going to cut my fingers off .
Narration :
But more amazing was what happened to my real hand .
The scientists have had a thermal camera on it ... measuring temperature .
Dr Lorimer Moseley :
You can see here you 've dropped by half a degree here .
Dr Jonica Newby :
Wow .
Dr Lorimer Moseley :
So your hand is now half a degree cooler than it was when we started .
Narration :
This is n't supposed to be possible .
When Lorimer published his discovery last year - that the real hand goes cold - it rocked the world of neuro - science .
Dr Lorimer Moseley :
Well , we think that it means that your brain is in a sense neglecting your hand .
Dr Jonica Newby :
Starting to reject it ?
Dr Lorimer Moseley :
Well , rejecting is a strong word but it certainly looks like the brain is starting to think well I do n't care as much about that over there , I 'll allocate less blood to it .
I mean that 's , I reckon that 's an astounding result .
Narration :
And it 's given me some insight into how Robert may have felt - but is it really the same ?
Dr Jonica Newby :
So Robert ; where 's your real hand .
Robert Vickers :
It 's here right in front of me
Dr Jonica Newby :
Is it anything like you experienced with your leg ?
Robert Vickers :
No . ( he looks up ) No .
Narration :
Unlike this illusion , it seems Roberts problem was n't a simple case of messed up sensory inputs from the leg .
Robert Vickers :
It felt normal in every way .
It looked normal , it behaved normally .
There was nothing physically wrong with it except that somehow it did n't belong to me .
Narration :
So what was going on ?
By 2008 , many experts were convinced people like Robert were sane .
His condition even had a new name - Body Integrity Identity Disorder or BIID .
But the cause was still baffling .
A group of neuro - scientists in California were hot on the trail though , with a big clue .
David Brang :
So people with strokes to the back of their head will often start to deny their left arm or leg .
Some people actually think that their arms are a communist or that it'll belong to the doctor .
Narration :
These people had strokes to the right parietal lobule - the very bit of the brain that as we saw integrates and maintains the body map .
Was this where the problem was ?
Managing to recruit 4 sufferers of this rare condition - they put them in a brain scanner - and touched the bits of the leg they did n't want .
Sure enough the sensory part of the brain lit up - so the feeds were getting in fine as Robert said - but the right parietal lobule did not .
David Brang :
Every subject with BIID that we 've tested so far , failed to light up their parietal lobe .
Dr Jonica Newby :
That 's amazing .
David Brang :
Oh this is certainly a breakthrough - we were stunned by the results .
It 's very clear that this is a neurological phenomenon when is always been thought of as a psychological issue .
Narration :
They suspect it means people with BIID have bits missing from their brain 's body map .
David Brang :
Just as many of us have n't developed a tail representation , like we used to have in the primordials .
These individuals just may only develop a representation for one leg , or one arm .
And some people who want both legs amputated , may just have been born without leg representations at all .
Narration :
While it 's a huge step forward ...
Robert Vickers :
It 's beautiful to see that .
Narration
.. unfortunately , it 's unlikely brain faults like this can be repaired - though in future they may be prevented if caught early .
Meanwhile , having seen the risks BIID sufferers take , Dr Chris Ryan now believes they should have what they want - a safe surgical amputation .
Dr. Chris Ryan
Nobody wants to be chopping off people 's legs for no reason but nobody wants people to be standing under train tracks either .
Narration :
Far from being the act of a crazy man , for Robert Vickers , removing his detested leg felt like the only sane thing he could do .
Dr Jonica Newby :
Have you had any regrets since ?
Robert Vickers :
Only that I had n't done it sooner .
The Moon could have been formed from a giant impact
The Smart 1 lunar probe is trying to solve the mystery of how the Moon was born billions of years ago .
Manuel Grande , of Aberystwyth University , said one theory was that it was formed from debris from Earth .
Smart 1 will crash into the Moon 's surface on 3 September , bringing to an end a three - year research project .
Launched in 2003 , it was the beginning of an exploration voyage by the European Space Agency .
Sending back details and pictures for about 18 months , the craft has been producing an X - ray map in an attempt to deduce precisely how the Moon was made .
Apollo missions
Now scientists will start to analyse the data it has sent back .
Professor Manuel Grande with a model of Smart 1
Professor Grande , of the university 's Institute of Mathematical and Physical Sciences , said the Moon had become " sexy " again .
" Over the next few years Japan , China , India and the United States will send exploratory probes to the moon ahead of planned manned mission , " said Prof Grande .
He said the six Nasa Apollo missions and three unmanned Soviet Union lunar landings only investigated a small portion of the Moon , which has a surface roughly the size of Africa .
" It eventually dawned on experts a few years ago that there was more to the Moon .
Over the last decade there have been two similar information - gathering missions , " he said .
There are a few theories about how the Moon was formed .
One is that a Mars - sized object smashed into the juvenile Earth billions of years ago , flinging up debris which later merged to form the Moon .
Tip of the Day
You can enlarge the text on any Web page .
In Windows , press Ctrl and the plus or minus keys
I ’ve been thinking for a while now about how software engineers can help their communities .
Lawyers have pro bono work .
Engineers and contractors can help build houses for people .
But computer programming is really specialized ; most people do n’t need custom computer programs .
This spring , though , I found a rewarding way to use my computer science skills : teaching kids how to program .
I did this though the Citizen Schools program , which encourages members of the community to share what they know with middle school students .
It is a really neat idea : the kids get to learn things their school probably does n’t have the expertise ( or time ) to teach , and the “ citizen teachers ” get a chance to help the community and work with some fun kids .
The topics which people teach vary widely .
For example , here are some of the topics other people were teaching during this last semester :
Digital photography .
The kids presented a gallery of their photos at a local coffee shop .
The science ( and math ) of baseball .
10 teenage boys happily doing statistics for an hour .
Awesome .
Make a text adventure game in Javascript .
You can play the game they made right now .
Cooking and nutrition with a chef from one of Google ’s famed cafeterias .
So what did I teach ?
I showed the kids in my class how to use Python to create a drum machine program which plays various drum sounds when you hit different keys on the keyboard .
For example , pressing S played the snare drum , C played the cowbell , and B was the bass drum .
The finished version of the program had about 20 different drum sounds which the user could play .
There were some colorful graphics ( drawn by one of the students ) showing which drums were being hit .
The program could record drum loops , letting the user layer more beats on top of the original beat , and could save and load the sequences of beats .
The kids ended up being much better at laying down beats than I was .
At the end of the class , the kids presented the program to their parents & teachers , plus had a field trip to a local cafe to demo their work to the community .
What ’s it like teaching a class ?
Citizen Schools took care of most of the logistics , provided some training on effective ways to teach , and paired us with advisors who helped us work with the children every week .
This was really helpful for me , because I was a bit lost figuring out how to present computer programming in a way that middle school students would enjoy .
Arturo , my advisor , was super helpful .
He worked with the kids every day so he knew them all , plus he had lots of great ideas for ways to present the material and keep the students ’ attention .
The semester I taught was a one hour class per week , for ten weeks .
That ’s not very much time , so I had to work really hard to keep the material short and simple so the kids could learn it .
Code is like essays : being terse takes a lot more effort than being verbose .
I definitely spent more time preparing for class than I did teaching it .
The kids all knew how to use computers , thanks to myspace , youtube , etc. but none of them had ever written a computer program before .
For the first several classes , I would project some simple code and have them type it in and run it .
Then I would have them change it or write some similar code .
For example , one week we were making the program play different sounds .
I showed them how to make it play a snare drum sound , then had them figure out how to make it play a bass drum sound , cymbal sound , etc .
They got very good at the repetitive code .
There were some one - off lines of code that I do n’t think they ever did understand ( a function definition , for example ) .
It was interesting to watch as they learned how to make the computer do what they wanted it to do .
I was a little worried a few weeks before the final presentation because the kids were n’t able to explain how to make the program play a new sound .
However , when I asked them to code it they knew exactly how to do it .
It turns out they just did n’t know the right jargon to explain what they were doing .
By the end of the semester , they could make simple modifications to the program to change the way it behaved , or to fix bugs in the code .
Would I do it again ?
Will I teach another semester ?
Yes , I think so .
Although it turned out to be a pretty big time commitment this time , I should be able to reuse my lesson plans the next time around so it should be much easier .
Like I said at the beginning , it is a really good way to use software engineering skills to help the community and it was really cool to see the students figuring out how to modify their programs on their own .
I think that ’s reason enough to do it again .
This week my company issued what I thought was an innocuous announcement - our software now allows applications to process Twitter tweets with an application and analyze the contents of the messages in real - time .
A firestorm of debate ensued , and the issue gained mainstream media coverage in the Financial Times , the Telegraph , CNBC , and dozens of others .
The debate gives us pause to consider the role of the sweeping adoption of Twitter as a real - time , global information source , and how that information might be used beyond the mostly social nature of Twitter today .
One of the examples we cited for this technology is automated trading on Wall Street , where any of the 16 million tweets a day can be analyzed in real time as a means to inform trading decisions .
Wall Street tends to be an innovator with new technologies , so it ’s useful to use it as a petri dish to examine some of the opportunities and issues around Twitter in a business context .
Trading on rumor is a time - honored trading technique .
“ Buy on rumor ; sell on news ” is one of the oldest mantras on Wall Street and Main Street alike .
Any tool that improves the speed or quality of transmitting information is of interest to traders .
Twitter does that .
But be careful what you ask for – lots of the tweets on Twitter are garbage – scam artists and manipulators .
On the other hand , there are thousands of credible sources of information , from the SEC ( @SEC_Investor_Ed ) , to the New York Times ( @NYTimes ) , and even exchanges like CMEGroup ( @CMEGroup ) , which has over 500,000 people subscribed to its tweets about the futures and options markets , and more .
And beyond any individual source , and probably more uniquely , Twitter allows instant access to the sentiment of the masses .
In the Wall Street & Technology article , Todd C. Mirabella , chief investment officer and principal of New York hedge fund QAT , says one of the uses he has found for Twitter is to help look at market volatility and compare it .
" So how we get our information , that 's the trick .
Twitter can give us information on retail " [ Tweeters ] are the herd , " he says .
For example , anything new that Apple does throws Apple ’s stock into volatile gyrations .
The recent launch of the iPhone 3GS set off a rash of Twitter tweets about what the herd thinks – taken together , they can reveal sentiment – good and bad .
Getting that feedback a few seconds faster , or a little better can make a big difference in trading returns .
Business leaders , from CEOs to inventors , use Twitter .
For example , Richard Branson ( @richardbranson ) , the CEO of Virgin , tweets regularly .
Now I ’m pretty sure the news in the first tweet about Jimmy Fallon is n’t actionable for trading Virgin stock , but the fact that he ’s ordering $ 2.1 billion worth of new planes might be .
Nasir Zubairi , former product manager for algorithmic trading and FX E - commerce , RBS , put it this way in the Wall Street & Technology article : " [ Twitter can be ] the fastest source of news , particularly in reference to trading and algorithmic trading , " he says .
" News feeds are gaining a lot of popularity .
Twitter provides the medium in that people , who are there , experiencing things , are able to broadcast their sentiments to their user base via tweets .
This provides lots of competitive advantage to firms with trading strategies . "
News about world events moves the foreign currency markets as Mr. Mirabella also pointed out .
He ’s not yet trading on Twitter but said he sees real use for Twitter in currency trading : " We like to trade in ranges , " he explains .
" That helps us characterize the extreme edges in any specific currency .
We 've been trying to follow more individualized Twitter sites to see if we can get extreme views [ of Tweeters ] .
It does give us flavor for what types of ranges we 're looking at . "
But real use of Twitter has some serious issues .
Technically , it was n’t built for the kind of quality of service that a robust news source , like Reuters ( @Reuters ) , provides – what happens when Twitter is unavailable ?
There are questions about latency of the transmissions – is it fast enough ?
Can it be faster ?
Authentication and forgery are challenges – there ’s a big difference between the real Richard Branson ( @richardbranson ) , and the fake Richard Branson ( @sirdickbranson ) - who is responsible for the quality and reliability of the information transmitted via Twitter ?
Should it be regulated ?
And regulatory issues abound , as well .
Trading decisions are moving faster , so regulators have to move more quickly , too .
In December the unfortunate trading run on United Airlines ( UAL ) ( read the story from the Wall Street Journal ) stock to drop from $ 12 to $ 3 in just 15 minutes only served to remind us how quickly conditions can change in an era of sweeping automation .
The chain reaction was started by an erroneous trading signal from an old story that the Google news crawler picked up from 2002 .
How can we guard against these unintended technology - triggered mistakes ?
The adoption of Twitter in a social context has been swift , massive , and global .
As technology like event processing makes the content contained in Tweets readily available to business applications , the questions of what to do with this power and responsibility looms large .
Postscript and continued debate ( July 1 , 2009 )
Since this writing , there has been a flurry of response - positive , negative , and vitriolic .
My favorite coverage was the excellent , balanced story by Melanie Rodier at Wall Street & Technology : Algo Traders Connect to Twitter .
She did her homework , including comments by some well - respected people from the trading industry .
Read it first .
CNBC's Day - Trading 2.0 : Twitter Takes on Stocks took a day - trader 's view on using Twitter to understand market sentiment .
The Telegraph 's coverage , Hedge fund managers betting Twitter will give them an edge in rapid trading also covered the intelligence and military side of the potential use of Twitter .
A spirited message board debate on Server Side was provoked by John Davis ( @jtdavis ) from OnixS .
Like many message board debates , there are rat holes , but there 's good stuff there , too .
There was an assertion that StreamBase 's announcement of Twitter connectivity is a cheap marketing gimmick .
It is n't .
This announcement was driven by current and anticipated customer demand , as you can see from our history of connecting to Alpha Trading , Interactive Data , Lime Brokerage , Reuters , other news and data sources of many types , and so on .
The article you 're reading illustrates the balanced way we 're talking about Twitter .
One blogger , who used to work for one of our competitors , even took the opportunity to predict that StreamBase will be trounced by the " big boys " as they enter our market !
To that , I say : " bring it on . "
Dr. Michael Stonebraker is one of the inventors and thought leaders in event processing , and StreamBase is known as one of the leading businesses in the CEP market , renowned for its performance and ease of use .
Are we wary of their deep pockets ?
Yes .
But the big companies have yet to field compelling products - in fact , we rarely compete with them .
Furthermore , the " big boys " have not showed signs of innovation and intrapreneurship as I wrote in When Microsoft enters your market : cause for worry or cause for celebration ?
And in Innovation : why size does n't matter , I countered the argument that big companies are the most effective at innovating in a market like CEP .
Richard Tibbetts , StreamBase CTO , clarified IBM 's recent claims of innovation as misleading in On IBM , unstructured data , and CEP .
Finally , and most importantly , our customer endorsements from CME Group , BNY ConvergEx , BlueCrest , and PhaseCapital and many more say it best - directly from our customer 's mouths .
A clearly emotional Sen. Lindsey Graham ( R ) of South Carolina Sunday invoked former President Clinton as a defense for why embattled Gov. Mark Sanford , also of South Carolina , should potentially be allowed to finish his term .
Senator Graham is the godfather of Governor Sanford ’s fourth and youngest son , and he fielded questions about Sanford ’s admitted infidelity with difficulty on NBC ’s “ Meet the Press . ”
In a contrite moment , he called the GOP “ a party of sinners ” – apparently referring to his own religious convictions , because he added that the same was true of " every other group in America . "
Along with Sen. Jon Ensign ( R ) of Nevada , Sanford was the second major Republican politician to admit in affair in two weeks .
Sanford was considered an up - and - comer with national aspirations before this week .
Asked if Sanford should now step down as governor , Graham said Sanford should be given the chance to set things right , so long as he can reconcile with his wife , Jenny .
In a curious example , Graham noted that former president Clinton was discovered to have had an affair while in office , yet his approval rating remained high among Americans because of his job performance , Graham noted .
“ Bill Clinton had his problems .
People looked at his job performance , they looked at his personal failings and they said , ‘ You know what , we 're going to put one over here and the other over there , ’ ” Graham said .
“ That 's no justification for what Mark did , but I think the people of South Carolina appreciate what Mark tried to do as governor to change their state . ”
Graham voted to impeach Clinton , though he said Sunday that vote was based on his perceptions that Clinton had obstructed justice – not because he had had an affair .
Graham also mentioned a surprising antidote to the current spate of politicians behaving badly : President Obama .
Going so far as to call him a role model as a good parent , Graham added : “ Obama has done a lot of good in the area of family . ”
Good role models are exactly what politics needs , said former GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney , also appearing on “ Meet the Press . ”
Though he said he was not commenting specifically on the Sanford situation , he said : “ You have to recognize that people that are in public life ought to be held to a higher standard , ” he said .
“ We expect [ these ] people to live by a higher standard , because what they do is going to be magnified . ”
Speaking on CNN ’s “ State of the Union ” Sunday , Gov. Tim Pawlenty ( R ) of Minnesota said Sanford was guilty of serious political mistakes .
He “ should not have left the state and not allowed people to know how to contact him in case something happened , ” said Governor Pawlenty .
“ Your staff has to be able to reach you and reach you quickly for all the obvious reasons – natural disaster , terrorism , or other events . ”
[ digg-reddit-me ]
Bill Maher – as is his wont – perfectly parries the conservative arguments defending our “ capitalist ” health care system by linking it to capitalism in general :
Now , I know what you ’re thinking : “ But Bill , the profit motive is what sustains capitalism . ”
Yes , and our sex drive is what sustains the human species , but we do n’t try to fuck everything !
There are exceptions , rule , and regulations to everything .
Maher – by bringing the matter back to sex – demonstrates that the radical capitalist ideology that seeks to impose itself on every facet of life is in fact just that – an unpragmatic and radical ideology .
And he makes the case that liberals and the others in the majority who are opponents of this radical capitalism that the profit motive is a good thing – just like sex drive – but like sex , it needs to be constrained in order to be productive and not destroy our society .
Like Loading ...
Newton Heath depot has lately been catholic in its choice of power for the 6.10 p.m. Manchester - Southport and the 9 p.m. back via Bolton .
Pros : Titillating and sizzlingly erotic ; takes a new and different direction with Maid Marian ’s tale
Cons : Characters sometimes slow on the uptake ; a little too much back - and - forth on who will end up with whom
Rating : 4 out of 5
Review book courtesy of Penguin Group .
Colette Gale has a tendency to take famous romantic tales and turn them on their heads while spicing them up with a boatload of erotic sex .
I very much enjoyed Unmasqued , her version of Phantom of the Opera .
Bound by Honor , a tale of Maid Marian , Robin Hood , and so forth , did n’t grab hold of me quite so tightly , but I did enjoy the story .
Unlike some of the other books I receive for review , Colette Gale ’s are more toward the erotica end of the spectrum than the romance end .
They ’re highly explicit , often with scenes of group sex , as well as elements of coercion .
I ’m making this clear because each reader tends to have very different ideas of the sort of sexual content that is acceptable , titillating , enjoyable , or offensive , and there ’s no point in your picking up a book you wo n’t enjoy !
While I do n’t normally read much in the way of historical romances , Colette Gale ’s novels appeal because they use such familiar characters and milieus and give them fun new twists .
If you ’re unfamiliar with the genre the prose is less spare and more flowery , but once you get used to it , it sets the mood quite nicely .
In Bound by Honor , Maid Marian , now the widowed Lady of Morlaix , journeys to the court of Prince John in order to spy on him for his mother .
Unfortunately for her , John ’s debauched Court of Pleasure is wildly out of control , and John is quite taken with her good looks .
Will , the Sheriff of Nottingham and a childhood acquaintance of both Robin and Marian ’s , does what he can to protect Marian from John , but he ’s also bound to do as John wishes .
Walking the fine line of obeying John while keeping Marian from John ’s clutches is a nightmare , particularly as he falls in love with Marian while believing her to be Robin ’s lover .
While Will enforces the brutal will of Prince John , Robin receives the public ’s love as their dashing and arrogant hero .
Will he fall for Marian , however , or for Alys , the maiden niece of Queen Eleanor who scorns his attempts at a tryst ?
Will is the tortured dark soul , while Robin is the arrogant hero .
Alys plays the role that Marian more usually occupies of the headstrong young maiden , while Marian is an older and more experienced woman now .
Prince John , for his part , is a dangerous and devious lech .
I enjoyed the new take on the tale , although the question of which of the two women would end up with which hero seemed somewhat drawn - out .
The debauchery of the Court of Pleasure is wild and a bit rough ; the real problem I had with John is that while he ’s portrayed as having some attractiveness to him , I could n’t help picturing him from an old BBC series a couple of decades ago .
And , well , that made any sexual content involving him a bit revolting !
On the beautiful side , Colette has a gift for both evocative narrative that draws the senses in , and wild and steamy sex .
On the negative side , I occasionally found the characters a little frustratingly slow on the uptake regarding some details .
As an alternative , steamy version of the Robin Hood milieu , Bound by Honor is definitely an enjoyable book .
It did n’t bowl me over as much as Unmasqued did , but it ’s still a gorgeous and evocative read !
Fighting for Atheist Rights
People should be as free to be atheists as they are to be conservative or liberal ; Christians or Muslims .
The truth is , in many parts of the world , atheists are not free .
Too often atheists are persecuted and discriminated against by civil authorities .
In some countries , particularly Islamic countries , atheists are criminalized and live in fear of fear of loss of rights , imprisonment , public lashing or execution by the state .
AAI is campaigning for the Right to be Secular .
We need to clarify Human Rights declarations and treaties to explicitly confer upon atheists the same rights as are enjoyed by the religious .
Read more about this exciting and important campaign ↠
Built on OA from scratch without legacy code , Analog Rails Basic uses the same database as Virtuoso .
Never have a DRC nor LVS violation .
Crossprobing and backannotation at all times .
Infinite supply of multithreaded co-simulation licenses .
Infinite number of simulator licenses
Cosimulation and multithreaded , users can run millions of fets alongside both digital and analog behavioral simulations on a single engine simulator .
No need to klunk away with an analog and digital simulator on a backplane , our XMS simulator / environment is way superior to AMS Designer .
Included is Harmonic Balance and built - in RF measurements , such as transient noise .
Never again pay for a simulator , XMS is the best simulator in the business .
Works with BSIM3 , BSIM4 , BSIM6 , etc .
Users can also optionally simulate with 3rd party Hspice compatible simulators just in case they want to double verify .
The netlister is customizable .
Hundreds of behavioral models , both analog and digital are also included .
Measurements and analysis components in the schematic
Place settling time , overshoot , bandwidth , phase margin , risetime , and etc. components into the schematic , along with multiple analysis components ( ac , dc , tran , pss , etc ) .
Corner setups are included in the analysis components .
Sensitivity Analysis
All measurements receive the variation and the largest culprits , both the devices and their parameters , causing the variation .
Manual DRC / LVS correct by construction™ layout
Much more powerful than DRC and LVS , the users cannot make a DRC or LVS violation .
Primitives ( fets , caps , resistors , bipolars , and differential structures ) are generated automatically based on the technology file .
No CAD scripts required .
Structures snap / repel / permute based on schematic connectivity .
Collision avoidance on wiring .
Once again , it is impossible for users to make violations .
Never lose crossprobing
Even when flattening the layout , Analog Rails continues to crossprobe the schematic and layout .
The circuit designer can always follow the signal ... even in 3D !
Simulate layout parasitics at all times
Why wait months to get layout parasitics , such as STI Stress Effects , length of diffusion , and well proximity ?
DC Currents can be off by 20 % without knowing these layout generated values .
Now setting reltol has more meaning .
VirusBye is a misleading application that gives exaggerated reports of threats on the computer .
The user is then prompted to pay for a full license of the application in order to remove false or exaggerated threats .
VirusBye is a scam just like many of the fake antivirus programs that have launched since January 2009 .
Type : Misleading Application
Name : VirusBye
Publisher : Unknown at this time
Risk Impact : Medium
Systems Affected : Windows 2000 , Windows 95 , Windows 98 , Windows Me , Windows NT , Windows Server 2003 , Windows Vista , Windows XP
Behavior :
This security risk can be downloaded from a Web page and must be manually installed .
Removal Instructions
The following instructions pertain to all current and recent Symantec antivirus products , including the Symantec AntiVirus and Norton AntiVirus product lines .
Disable System Restore ( Windows Me/XP ) .
Update the virus definitions .
Run a full system scan .
Delete any values added to the registry .
For specific details on each of these steps , read the following instructions .
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - A defeated candidate in Iran ’s disputed election has said the Islamic system may face “ collapse ” unless it embraces change , in unusually blunt language from a prominent establishment figure .
Iranian protesters hold up placards that read , " Death to European racists " ( L ) and " Savage killing ( remains ) the European human rights logic " ( 3rd R ) and a Iranian national flag during a protest gathering in front of the German embassy in Tehran July 11 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Morteza Nikoubazl
Conservative Mohsen Rezaie , a former Revolutionary Guards commander who finished third in the June 12 vote won by hard - liner Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , called for national unity in a statement posted on his website on Sunday evening .
“ Continuation of the current situation would lead us to collapse from inside , ” he wrote .
“ We need cooperation and brotherhood .
We need to respect people and their rights . ”
The presidential election sparked days of street protests by supporters of moderate candidate Mirhossein Mousavi , who says the vote was rigged in Ahmadinejad ’s favor , and exposed deepening divisions within the Islamic Republic ’s leadership .
Mousavi has said the next government of Ahmadinejad would be illegitimate .
The authorities reject opposition charges of vote fraud and Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has upheld Ahmadinejad ’s re-election for another four - year term .
In his statement , Rezaie criticized the way the election was handled as well as “ mismanagement in dealing with public demands and protests , ” in a clear reference to post - vote unrest , saying this had led to a crisis which the West could exploit .
The vote further strained ties between Iran and the West , which are also at odds over Tehran ’s disputed nuclear ambitions .
Western powers have criticized a post-election crackdown on demonstrations and Iran has accused the United States and Britain in particular of interfering in its internal affairs .
State media say at least 20 people were killed as protesters clashed with riot police and members of the Basij militia .
The authorities and Mousavi blame each other for the bloodshed .
Hardliners have called for Mousavi to be put on trial .
Rights activists have said 2,000 people detained during the vote ’s turbulent aftermath may still be held across Iran , including leading reformers , academics , journalists and students .
Rezaie , who initially filed formal complaints against the election but later withdrew them , stressed the need for unity within the Islamic state ’s establishment .
“ There is no other way but to have unity on the continuation of the Islamic revolution , in which some reforms on the political scene are needed , ” Rezaie said .
“ We would move in a wrong track if we can not give our seat to the others or if we can not let the others to participate in handling the country ’s affairs , ” he said .
Rezaie said Mousavi , Ahmadinejad and other politicians and political activists had no choice but “ sitting next to each other for preservation of national interests . ”
He added : “ We need unity and people ’s support if the government wants to get success in its nuclear negotiations with the big powers in the next months or to defend the country against a possible strike by Israel . ”
PRIMER GOLPE .
Rodolfo Cruz , coordinador de las Fuerzas de Apoyo y Luis Cárdenas , encargado de inteligencia de la PF , dieron a conocer la captura de dos de 53 fugados del penal de Cieneguillas .
( Foto : FOTOS : ALMA RODRÍGUEZ / EL UNIVERSAL )
El cupo de los penales del país está rebasado en 53 mil 626 reos , de acuerdo con los datos más recientes de Seguridad Pública federal , a abril de este año
Blogging conferences and presentationsA recent China story unraveled The China blogosphereAssaying ( and Essaying ) China storytellers China Around the World
China coverage in the global mediaPodcasting China China Annals
Interviews on the China BeatThings to watch forRetrospective recommendations China Beat plays number gamesOf small and great significance Frivolous Fridays
The lighter side of China Beat Self - Promotion Saturdays
News from China Beat writers
Are we ready ?
Reading Recommendations and CommentaryA year of Chinese anniversaries
Nemanja Vidic has sought to play down speculation about his future by insisting he is happy at Manchester United .
The Serb has spoken out after recent comments credited to his agent Paolo Fabbri claimed he was chasing a move to Barcelona .
Vidic , who was one of United 's key players in their Premier League title defence last season , made his first start of the season in Saturday 's 5 - 0 win over Wigan after recovering from injury .
" I 've never said anything about Barcelona or Real Madrid or Milan – or any club , " he said .
" I never speak about my future so I do n't know why someone else does .
I showed at Wigan on the pitch how happy I am at this club .
" Any fan of United only has to see how I played to know how committed I am .
I spoke with my agent about this and what he said .
I know about all the rumours about me but I do n't want it to have an impact on the club .
" It 's not a good time for my club to be hearing those rumours , " said the 27 - year - old , in reference to the summer departures of Carlos Tevez and Cristiano Ronaldo .
Vidic also dismissed as untrue reports his wife , Ana , has not settled in Manchester .
" It 's not true that my wife is not happy , " he continued .
" I do n't know how that rumour came out , she 's not what you 'd call a famous wife .
She 's never spoken to a newspaper . "
# Pythonic Perversities : the Guido taunts - part I # Parser Combinators in Python - for shits and giggles , but mostly for shits .
# # `` We deployed this lib on our prod server .
Picture of cat . '' - codinghorror.com # ``I am literally on it this time .
This stuff is hot '' - joelonsoftware.com # `` We use it to open the pod bay doors .'' - anonymous blogger #
The author of this grand work accepts donations and is also available for # Python related consulting and coding jobs .
He 's expensive though and currently running # from the government for a crime he did n't commit ( allegedly he used an catamorphism in public -- # I know this is something he would never condone ) , but he will lambda your shit up if you can find him .
# Features : # Uses nested lambdas to simulate currying and laziness ( OOOH YEAH ! ) #
Uses nested ternary operators and list comprehensions to be able to write everything as a lambda ( IT'S SHORTER ) #
Can ostensibly be used to write context free and context dependent grammars #
Gives strange non-descriptive errors that you wo n't see using conventional Python , making it hard to write context free and context dependent grammars #
Only suitable for real programmers import operator satisfy = lambda charToBool : lambda text : ( [ ( text [ 0 ] , text [ 1 :] ) ] if charToBool ( text [ 0 ] ) else [ ] ) if text != " " else [ ] is Char = lambda c : satisfy ( lambda x : c == x ) letter = satisfy ( str . isalpha ) digit = satisfy ( str . isdigit ) alphanumeric = satisfy ( str . isalnum ) token = lambda token : lambda text : [ ( token , text [ len ( token ) : ] ) ] if token == text [ : len ( token ) ] else [ ] comb = lambda parser1 , parser2 : lambda text : [ ( v1 ( v2 ) , t2 ) for v1 , t1 in parser1 ( text ) for v2 , t2 in parser2 ( t1 ) ] choice = lambda parser1 , parser2 : lambda text : parser1 ( text ) + parser2 ( text ) # Extra combinators just = lambda parser : lambda text : [ ( v , " " ) for ( v , t ) in parser ( text ) if t == " " ] succeed = lambda value : lambda text : [ ( value , text ) ] option = lambda parser , value : choice ( parser , succeed ( value ) ) fail = lambda parser : lambda text : [ ] mapp = lambda f , parser : lambda text : [ ( f ( v ) , t ) for v , t in parser ( text ) ] anyp = lambda plist : lambda text : [ v for p in plist for v in p ( text ) if v != [ ] ] parse = lambda parser , text : just ( parser ) ( text ) # holy shit -- lazy evaluation !
many = lambda parser : option ( comb ( mapp ( lambda a : lambda b : [ a ] + b , parser ) , lambda x : many ( parser ) ( x ) ) , [ ] ) many1 = lambda parser : comb ( mapp ( lambda a : lambda b : [ a ] + b , parser ) , many ( parser ) ) # extras for characters ; automatically flatten list ( ie. concatenate , dumbledoremorphism ) concat = lambda xs : reduce ( operator .
add , xs , " " ) manyc = lambda parser : mapp ( concat , many ( parser ) ) many1c = lambda parser : mapp ( concat , many1 ( parser ) ) #
Some helper functions for my new language that will soon take over the world by storm .
integer = many1 ( digit ) whitespace = many1c ( satisfy ( str . isspace ) ) space = many1c ( is Char ( " " ) ) # Example : counting highest matching parentheses - # IT'S CRAZY INTUITIVE !
parens = lambda text : choice ( comb ( comb ( comb ( mapp ( lambda x : lambda h1 : lambda y : lambda h2 : max ( 1 + h1 , h2 ) , isChar ( " ( " ) ) , parens ) , is Char ( " ) " ) ) , parens ) , succeed ( 0 ) ) ( text ) print parse ( parens , " ( ) ( ( ( ) ) ) " ) #
Here 's a bigger tree generating parser .
I know you want it .
class ParseTree : def __init__ ( self , value ) : self .
value = value def __str__ ( self ) : return " %s { %s } " % ( self .
__class__ .
__name__ , self .
value ) def __repr__ ( self ) : return str ( self ) class Identifier ( ParseTree ) : pass class IdentifierList ( ParseTree ) : pass class Operator ( ParseTree ) : pass class Lambda ( ParseTree ) : pass class Expression ( ParseTree ) : pass class ApplyOperator ( ParseTree ) : pass class ApplyFunction ( ParseTree ) : pass class Program ( ParseTree ) : pass spacepad = lambda parser : choice ( comb ( mapp ( lambda a : lambda b : b , whitespace ) , parser ) , parser ) spacepad1 = lambda parser : comb ( mapp ( lambda a : lambda b : b , whitespace ) , parser ) ident = comb ( mapp ( lambda a : lambda b : Identifier ( a + b ) , spacepad ( letter ) ) , manyc ( alphanumeric ) ) identlist = comb ( mapp ( lambda a : lambda b : IdentifierList ( [ a ] + b ) , ident ) , many ( comb ( mapp ( lambda a : lambda b : b , whitespace ) , ident ) ) ) funcapply = comb ( mapp ( lambda a : lambda b : ApplyFunction ( [ a ] + b ) , ident ) , many1 ( spacepad1 ( ident ) ) ) simple_expr = anyp ( [ ident , funcapply ] ) compound_expr = anyp ( [ simple_expr , lambda text : operapply ( text ) ] ) expr = anyp ( [ lambda text : _lambda ( text ) , compound_expr ] ) program = comb ( comb ( mapp ( lambda a : lambda b : lambda c : Program ( [ a ] + b ) , expr ) , many ( comb ( mapp ( lambda a : lambda b : b , isChar ( " ; " ) ) , expr ) ) ) , many ( satisfy ( str . isspace ) ) ) oper = mapp ( Operator , spacepad ( many1c ( anyp ( map ( is Char , [ " = " , " - " , " | " , " ! " , " < " , " > " , " $ " , " + " , " / " ] ) ) ) ) ) operapply = comb ( comb ( mapp ( lambda a : lambda o : lambda b : ApplyOperator ( [ a , o , b ] ) , simple_expr ) , oper ) , compound_expr ) _lambda = comb ( comb ( comb ( mapp ( lambda a : lambda idents : lambda c : lambda exp : Lambda ( [ idents , exp ] ) , spacepad ( is Char ( ' \\ ' ) ) ) , identlist ) , spacepad ( token ( " - > " ) ) ) , expr ) print parse ( program , " " " \\ a b -> a + b + c ; b " " " )
5
This does n't mean you should be completely fake .
It just means you should be absorbed in what you 're doing instead of always wanting to be doing something " cooler " or " better . "
If you want to be cool and popular , then you can't look desperate , or like you 're always trying to hang out with the cool kids or waiting for people to come up to you .
If you act like the life of the party , people will think you are .
Even if you 're at the party and are talking to someone who you do n't really like so much , if you try to make the most of the conversation , laugh , and look like you 're having a great time , then people will think , there 's a person who is always having an awesome time , and they 'll want to come up to you , too .
Posted on : Thursday , April 6 , 2006 Spill may have led to critical sickness By Beverly Creamer and Loren Moreno
Advertiser Staff Writers Johnson WHAT INFECTED OLIVER JOHNSON ?
Three bacteria types identified in Oliver Johnson ’s infection include : • Vibrio vulnificus :
A potentially deadly marine bacterium that lives in brackish seawater , but usually in small quantities .
Under certain conditions , such as when extra nutrients are available , the water is dirty or temperatures increase , its numbers can multiply .
The bacteria create toxins in humans that cause a flesh - eating cascade in the body .
• Aeromonas : Another virulent group of bacteria that can be devastating if they find their way into the bloodstream .
Can create disease rapidly , including flesh - eating symptoms that kill tissue .
They also can be contracted from eating shellfish , and restaurants have been known to warn people with significant liver disease or who are immuno - suppressed against eating shellfish .
• Enterococci :
These bacteria are found in sewage , and tested regularly as a measure of contamination .
Can cause gastrointestinal illnesses .
Source : state Department of Health , University of Hawai 'i scientists Friends are praying for Oliver Johnson , 34 , who is fighting a flesh - eating infection after falling in the Ala Wai Yacht Harbor on Thursday .
Zobel Dela Cruz photo GOT EVEN A TINY WOUND ?
STAY ASHORE
Anyone with injuries or wounds that provide germs with easy entrance into the body should clean the wounds well , said a state Health Department official .
" It goes back to using common sense for wound care , " said Dr. Sarah Park , deputy chief of the department ’s Disease Outbreak Control Division .
" If you ’ve got an open wound , be aware and take some time to think about whether it ’s worth exposing yourself to danger . "
Wounds should be washed thoroughly with soap and water , Park said .
It does n’t need to be anti-bacterial soap , she said .
If you must take risks  such as being in water with an open wound  make sure it ’s covered well with a waterproof dressing .
But first , said Park , " think twice about water exposure . "
" Whether it ’s a small nick or a huge cut , it does n’t matter .
It ’s still a break in your skin . "
And , " if a wound is red , warm , swollen or painful , go see your physician . "  Beverly Creamer Experts say a massive sewage spill could have combined with brackish conditions in the Ala Wai Yacht Harbor to create a bloom of virulent bacteria that has Oliver Johnson fighting a flesh - eating infection .
Johnson , 34 , a Honolulu mortgage broker , remained in extremely critical condition in intensive care last night at The Queen 's Medical Center , said Queen 's spokeswoman Monica Ivey .
Friends of Johnson said he was unconscious and on life support .
Police said Johnson reported being assaulted and thrown into the harbor Thursday night .
By Sunday he was in Queen 's with severe leg pain and swelling .
Doctors have amputated his left leg and were concerned that all four limbs would have to be taken to save his life .
Yesterday , friends said his condition has barely improved .
While a state health official said it 's unclear whether the 48 million gallons of raw sewage that poured into the Ala Wai Canal more than a week ago contributed to Johnson 's medical condition , University of Hawai 'i scientists said the sewage could have played a part .
Dr. Sarah Park , deputy chief of the state Health Department 's Disease Outbreak Control Division , said there 's no way to know if the sewage caused or affected Johnson 's infection .
" Is it because of sewage ?
We do n't know , " Park said .
" No one can answer that . "
However , UH scientists note that the raw sewage that flowed out of the canal , and into the boat harbor and the ocean , would have provided nutrients for the deadly bacteria to suddenly flourish .
FLESH - EATING EFFECT
Two bacteria  Vibrio vulnificus and aeromonas identified in Johnson 's wounds , according to the Health Department  are potentially deadly , and both can cause a flesh - eating effect .
" That would be an organism that can kill very quickly , " said Roger Fujioka , a UH microbiologist familiar with the vibrio bacteria that grow in seawater .
" It gets into the bloodstream . "
It 's the same bacteria that killed a man on the Big Island in 2001 , after he swam in brackish hot springs .
Fujioka said the bacteria are in the water all the time , but in very low concentrations .
There are n't enough bacteria to create infections , he said , " until something unusual happens like the sewage spill . "
Dr. Alan Tice , an infectious disease specialist with UH and Queen's , said several conditions combined in Johnson 's case to increase the danger : the bacteria bloom because of the sewage spill ; wounds Johnson suffered beforehand , giving bacteria easy access ; and the fact he had been drinking , which could have reduced his liver 's ability to filter them out .
But Fujioka said that safety need not be an issue for most people concerned about going into the water .
Fujioka said he does n't see a danger for coastal waters but believes signs should be posted at the harbor and the canal .
" Now that we know it 's there , signs at this point would be appropriate , " he said .
While most of the pollution warning signs along Waikiki beaches have been removed , some remain along the Ala Wai Canal , at the harbor and at Magic Island Lagoon .
Tice agreed with Fujioka about the role the sewage could have played .
" The Ala Wai likely had these organisms , but when you put sewage in , it 's a nutrient for the organisms and they grow more and become more concentrated , " Tice said .
" These organisms do n't cause disease or infections unless there 's some unusual exposure . "
But once that occurs , these bacteria " can cause a tremendous amount of disease very rapidly , " Tice said .
" The toxins will rupture the cells and shut down blood vessels and stop the circulation , " he said .
" Bacteria grow in dead tissue like wildfire . "
Early yesterday , doctors told Johnson 's friends and family that amputation of his right leg and arms may not be necessary after blood flow had improved , said retail consultant Stephany Sofos , a close friend of Johnson's .
But Zobel Dela Cruz , another friend who spent several hours yesterday at Queen 's , said doctors reported in the afternoon that it may still be necessary to amputate the right leg .
" Every day , his condition changes .
That 's the problem , " Dela Cruz said .
POLICE INVESTIGATION
City officials said they could not comment on this case .
" We remain concerned for the health of the public , and again urge people to heed the signs the city posted warning them to stay out of waters that may be contaminated , " said Bill Brennan , city spokesman .
The events leading to Johnson 's infection are sketchy , but Honolulu police spokeswoman Michelle
Yu said yesterday that officers responded to a " medical assist " call at Johnson 's Tradewinds apartment on Ala Moana at 6:30 p.m. Friday .
Johnson told police he had been assaulted the night before and thrown into the Ala Wai Yacht Harbor .
Police have opened an investigation , Yu said .
Dela Cruz , 35 , said Johnson told her an altercation occurred , but she was unwilling to share details so as not to compromise possible criminal investigations .
Friends pieced together these events leading to Johnson 's hospitalization , based on bits and pieces he had related to them :
On Thursday night , Johnson went to a bar near the Ala Wai Yacht Harbor .
That night he was drinking with people he had just met and was later assaulted .
He was thrown into the waters in the harbor and then climbed out .
Johnson returned to his apartment , where Dela Cruz said he took a shower and went to bed .
When Dela Cruz saw him on Friday , " He had scratches all over him , " she said .
" His feet  you could pretty much tell he was stepping on coral or something . "
' EXCRUCIATING PAIN '
According to the police report , Johnson called for emergency help on Friday night and was to be taken to Straub Hospital .
Dela Cruz said he was instead transferred to Queen 's because of his injuries .
She took him home from the Queen 's emergency room around 10:30 p.m. Friday .
" He left the hospital without any antibiotics or painkillers , " Dela Cruz said .
She said she suspected that Johnson did not inform emergency room personnel that he had fallen into the harbor .
" Maybe if they would have known , they would have treated him differently , " she said .
The next day , Johnson told friends he was still feeling sick .
Dieter Giblan , 34 , one of Johnson 's close friends , was supposed to go out with him on Saturday night .
But when Giblan called to confirm their plans , Johnson told him he had injured his leg .
" I told him to give me a call if he needed anything , " Giblan said .
" So he did and I went down there and gave him some Motrin . "
Giblan said Johnson had scratches and cuts on his legs and feet and complained about excruciating pain .
Johnson even suggested that he might lose his leg , Dela Cruz said .
" By Sunday his legs had ballooned , he was in excruciating pain , " Sofos said .
He was rushed to the Queen 's emergency room by ambulance .
There , his kidneys shut down , his liver failed and he had full - blown pneumonia , doctors told his friends .
Friends later were told that Johnson 's body was being attacked by a flesh - eating bacteria .
ORGANS SHUT DOWN
Doctors told friends that he was experiencing septic shock  an overwhelming infection that shuts down organs  and also had three different bacteria in his body .
While laboratory reports did not show the presence of type A strep that is usually associated with flesh - eating , Johnson 's friends insisted yesterday they were told differently by doctors .
Friends said Johnson is an outgoing , athletic guy who is always the life of the party .
" Oliver is what you call a connector , " Giblan said .
" He is just a dynamic person who brings different people together . "
Johnson kept friends in many different circles including colleagues .
Dela Cruz , also a mortgage broker , met Johnson 2 1/ 2 years ago when he first moved to Hawai'i and was working as a loan officer .
" We used to surf Bowls and Kaiser together , " Dela Cruz said .
" We were pretty close . "
Sofos said Johnson taught her to surf and that he loved the ocean .
" This is really hard , really tough on all of us .
It 's been such a roller coaster ride .
All we can do is hang in there and support each other , " Sofos said .
Johnson is originally from North Carolina but grew up in Florida , said Dela Cruz .
He moved to Hawai 'i after visiting a few years before .
" He fell in love with Hawai'i and he wanted to fall in love with an island girl , " she said .
Giblan said this incident has brought all of Johnson 's friends together , many of whom never knew each other .
" There are few people who can have no family in Hawai 'i but still have 20 people sitting in a waiting room hoping for the best , " Giblan said .
Johnson 's mother arrived from Florida on Monday .
" She 's a strong woman .
She 's hanging in there , " Dela Cruz said .
His father is expected to arrive today , she said .
Johnson 's mother declined to talk to media yesterday .
Reach Beverly Creamer at bcreamer@honoluluadvertiser.com and Loren Moreno at lmoreno@honoluluadvertiser.com .
Correction : Monica
Ivey 's name was misspelled in a previous version of this story .
Information that Oliver Johnson was unconscious and on life support was given to an Advertiser reporter by friends of Johnson , not by Queen's .
Also , the bacteria Vibrio vulnificus does not carry cholera .
Information in a previous version of this story was incorrect .
