Our results show that Toxoplasma infection increased the risk of traffic accidents in military drivers .
The data also indicate that RhD positivity protected infected subjects against the increase in the rate of traffic accidents .
In RhD - negative subjects , the probability of traffic accidents increased with titer of anti-Toxoplasma antibodies suggesting that the risk of traffic accidents decreased with duration of Toxoplasma infection .
The probability of traffic accidents increased across the years of testing .
This phenomenon was , probably , caused by the observed downward trend in overall quality , e.g. in intelligence , of conscripts ( data not shown ) , related to the forthcoming abolition of compulsory military service in the Czech Republic in 2004 .
Our results are in good agreement with the results of laboratory testing of reaction times in Toxoplasma - infected and Toxoplasma - free , RhD-positive and RhD- negative subjects [ 6 , 9 , 10 ] .
Latent toxoplasmosis had a strong negative effect on RhD- negative subjects and no effect on RhD - positive subjects .
The strength of the negative effect of toxoplasmosis on reaction times increased with duration of infection ( with decreasing anti-Toxoplasma antibody titer ) [ 6 ] .
In contrast , in the current study the risk of traffic accidents decreased with duration of infection .
It should be noted , however , that the decrease of the risk of traffic accidents with duration of infection was already observed in a previous case - control study [ 7 ] .
The most plausible explanation for such conflicting results is that , on the one hand , reaction times increase with duration of infection and , on the other hand , the infected drivers are able to gradually adapt to their impaired reaction times .
Such effect has already been described in aging drivers [ 19 ] .
It was previously speculated that personality differences between Toxoplasma - infected and Toxoplasma - free subjects could result in lower willingness of Toxoplasma - infected subjects to participate in serological surveys and therefore also in their underrepresentation in a control population [ 7 ] .
The design of the current study , i.e. a prospective cohort study , made it possible to confirm that the increase of the risk of being involved in a traffic accident rather than a decreased chance of being enrolled in epidemiological surveys is responsible for the higher prevalence of Toxoplasma - infected subjects among victims of traffic accidents compared to the general population of the same area .
At face value , our results in some respect contradict those of the previous traffic accident studies .
In the present study , the effect of latent toxoplasmosis on traffic accidents was not apparent in an unsorted population of RhD- positive and RhD- negative subjects .
When infected with Toxoplasma , the RhD- negative subjects had a significantly higher and RhD- positive subjects a nonsignificantly lower incidence rate of traffic accidents than the corresponding Toxoplasma - free subjects .
On the other hand , the present results are in agreement with the unpublished results of our retrospective case - control study performed in Prague between 2002 –2006 using the same method as in the 1997 – 2000 study [ 7 ] .
In that study , similarly as in the present prospective study , the effect of latent toxoplasmosis on the incidence rate of traffic accidents in the RhD unsorted population was not significant .
In January 2000 , a dramatic change in Czech traffic rules came into action .
For example , pedestrians did not have priority at zebra crossings before the year 2000 .
We suppose that changes in behaviour of Czech drivers and pedestrians could be responsible for differences between results from 1997 –2000 and 2001 –2006 .
It must also be noted that the effect of latent toxoplasmosis on reaction times varies across testing minutes [ 6 , 9 , 10 ] .
The effect of toxoplasmosis on reaction time is always stronger in RhD- negative subjects than in RhD - positive subjects .
However , RhD-negative Toxoplasma - infected men expressed nonsignificantly shorter reaction times ( p = 0.37 ) than RhD- negative Toxoplasma - free subjects in the first minute of the three minute - test [ 10 ] .
The authors speculated that two effects of infection might interplay in Toxoplasma - infected men .
Latent toxoplasmosis is known 1 ) to impair reaction times in infected men [ 6 ] and animals [ 20 ] and also 2 ) to increase the concentration of testosterone in infected men [ 21 –23 ] .
Increased concentration of testosterone positively influences the level of personality trait competitiveness in men [ 24 ] , which , in turn , could enhance performance under certain circumstances .
Therefore , the negative effects of latent toxoplasmosis on psychomotor performance in men could influence the rate of traffic accidents under certain conditions only , which could explain some differences in results between the published case - control studies and present cohort study .
Our study has several limitations .
Despite the fact that nearly 80 % of draftees agreed to participate in our study , this population cannot be considered fully representative of the Czech general population .
For example , our anecdotal observation of increased frequency of traffic accidents in 20 % of drivers who did not agree to participate , suggested that this subpopulation differed in both psychological profile and probability of traffic accident from subpopulation under the study .
The subjects were screened for latent toxoplasmosis in the beginning of the military service only .
Some drivers probably acquired toxoplasmosis during their 0.5 – 1.5 year military service .
It must be stressed , however , that the presence of Toxoplasma - infected drivers in our set of Toxoplasma - free subjects ( as well as possible presence of Toxoplasma - free drivers in our set of Toxoplasma - infected subjects ) can only increase risk of false negative but not false positive results of our statistical tests .
According to military legislation all traffic accidents including material damage and / or injuries shall be reported to the military police .
Of course , some less serious accidents might remain unreported ; however , according to the experience of military traffic experts completeness of military records is much higher in comparison with the civic sphere ( personal communication ) .
A major limitation of the present study is the absence of RHD genotype data .
Previous case - control study on a large sample of blood donors has shown that RhD- positive heterozygotes are resistant to pathological effects of toxoplasmosis while RhD - positive homozygotes are only temporarily resistant : their psychomotor performance decreases with length of infection .
The psychomotor performance of RhD- negative homozygotes decreases immediately after infection .
Our population of RhD- positive drivers includes both RhD- positive heterozygotes and RhD- positive homozygotes ( some of them with relatively low concentration of anti-Toxoplasma antibodies and therefore relatively old infection ) .
Possible contamination of the accident protected RhD population by an unknown number of non-protected RhD - homozygotes might decrease the power of our tests and undervalue the strength of the observed effects .
The absence of data on RHD genotype of subjects makes any speculation on the mechanism of RhD positivity protection very difficult .
However , the results of previous studies [ 6 , 9 , 10 ] and current knowledge about localization and probable function of RH proteins [ 11 , 12 ] suggest that RhD and RhCE proteins that act as ion pumps , coded for at the RH locus and localized on the erythrocyte membrane , are involved in the regulation of ion balance in some critical compartment of nerve or muscle tissue .
Such regulation could be important especially in the subjects handicapped by the presence of Toxoplasma cysts in nerve and muscle tissues .
Do n’t want to take a ‘ jab ’ to the wallet , but still want to go a few rounds with Fight Night Round 4 ?
Well now you can as one retailer has discounted the price of Fight Night Round 4 to $ 39.98 .
That ’s a whopping $ 20 off the latest EA ‘s signature boxing franchise .
As part of Amazon ’s Deal of the Day , they are bring you a knock out of a discount on Fight Night Round 4 , that is sure to leave you in a daze .
For today only , you can get the famed boxing game for $ 39.98 .
That ’s $ 20 off the retail price .
This amazing deal applies to both the PS3 , and Xbox 360 versions of the game .
Head on over to Amazon now and pick up a copy .
If you do n’t you ’ll be ‘ punching ’ yourself later for missing out on such a great game for such a great deal .
Fight Night Round 4 at Amazon.com
Via ESPN …
Venus Williams advanced to the quarterfinals at Wimbledon when opponent Ana Ivanovic retired Monday one game into the second set .
Second - seeded Serena Williams also advanced with a 6 - 3 , 6 - 1 win over Daniela Hantuchova , losing just two points on her first serve and breaking Hantuchova five times to complete the win in 56 minutes .
Aufregung um das Online - Gästebuch von Bundespräsident Horst Köhler .
In verschiedenen Blogs sind jetzt Vorwürfe laut worden , dass die zuständigen Mitarbeiter im Bundespräsidialamt zahlreiche Zensursula - Einträge nicht freigeschaltet , beziehungsweise nachträglich wieder gelöscht haben sollen .
Der Hintergrund : Vor einer Woche wurde im Bundestag die Einführung von Internetsperren beschlossen .
Daraufhin haben einige Blogs ihre Leser dazu aufgerufen , sich über das Gästebuch an den Bundespräsidenten zu wenden und auf diese Weise an ihn zu appellieren , das umstrittene Gesetz nicht zu unterzeichnen .
Am 22.06 . war noch keiner der Einträge im Gästebuch erschienen .
Am 23.06 .
wurden dann zehn Einträge freigeschaltet : Neun gegen das Zensurgesetz und einer wegen Afghanistan .
Am 25.06 .
wurden davon mindestens sechs wieder entfernt – alles solche die gegen Netzsperren waren .
Jetzt sind gerade mal vier Gästebucheinträge freigeschaltet , die sich gegen das Zensurgesetz richten .
Weniger als vor zwei Tagen und nur ein Bruchteil der gemachten Eintragungen gegen das Gesetz .
Weiter heißt es :
So , jetzt wird es noch merkwürdiger .
Heute sind mal wieder keine Einträge hinzugekommen .
Aber dafür sind ein paar entfernt worden .
So wie ich das überblicke sind nur Einträge gegen das Zugangserschwerungsgesetz entfernt worden .
Der Protest gegen das Gesetz ( 4 Einträge , davon einer uneindeutig ) erscheint im Gästebuch nur noch als einer von vielen – neben Afghanistan ( 3 Einträge ) und Überwachung im Allgemeinen ( 1 Eintrag ) und Iran ( 1 Eintrag ) .
Das war gestern noch deutlich anders ( siehe Google - Cache - Link ) .
Wieso wurden Gästebucheinträge gegen das Gesetz gelöscht und noch viel mehr erst gar nicht angezeigt ?
Unmut zu diesem
Thema gibt es auch bei Fefe :
Köhler hat die ganzen Zensursula - Beiträge in seinem Gästebuch wieder gelöscht .
Das waren gefühlte 100 Stück vom 19 .
und 20 .
Juni .
Der hat sich wohl gedacht , hey , Michael Jackson ist tot , damit sind die Leute alle abgelenkt .
Schnell weg damit , bevor das im Google Cache oder bei archive.org landet !
Mittlerweile hat sich auch die Pressestelle des Bundespräsidenten zu diesem Thema zu Wort gemeldet .
Laut den Nutzungshinweisen im Gästebuch werden lediglich ausgewählte Einträge von Zeit zu Zeit veröffentlicht .
Nicht veröffentlicht werden beispielsweise sich wiederholende Beiträge zum demselben Thema oder mehrere Einträge von demselben Verfasser .
Einen Zensurverdacht sehe die Pressestelle hier nicht .
Auf das Thema Löschung von bereits veröffentlichten Beiträgen geht die Pressestelle allerdings nicht ein .
Ich habe deshalb dort nochmal telefonisch nachgefragt :
Das Gästebuch ist dazu gedacht , Kommentaren , Anregungen und Meinungen zu den verschiedensten Themen , die mit dem Amt des Bundespräsidenten in Verbindung stehen , ein öffentliches Forum zu bieten .
Dazu gehören durchaus auch kritische Beiträge .
Zum Thema „ Kritik am Zugangserschwerungsgesetz “ wurden zahlreiche Einträge veröffentlicht .
Da dies dazu führte , dass seitenweise nur noch Beiträge zum selben
Thema zu lesen waren , haben wir uns entschieden , die Breite der Debatte ohne Redundanzen abzubilden , um den Lesern des Gästebuches den Zugang zu einer größeren Vielfalt von Themen nicht unnötig zu erschweren .
Ich frage mich nach dieser
Ansage jedenfalls , welchen Sinn es macht , einen Gästebuch - Eintrag bei Horst Köhler zu hinterlassen , wenn mein Anliegen im digitalen Nirvana landet , weil sich schon drei Schreiber vor mir zu diesem Thema zu Wort gemeldet haben .
Repräsentativ hin oder her – unter einem Gästebuch stelle ich mir irgendwie etwas anders vor .
Was meint ihr ?
LinkedIn - Guide gratis !
Melde dich für unser wöchentliches BT kompakt an und erhalte als Dank unseren großen Linked In - Guide kostenlos dazu !
( Michael Friedrichs )
WASHINGTON -- Obama administration officials are holding discussions that could result in White House counsel Gregory Craig leaving his post , following a rocky tenure , people familiar with the matter said .
Mr. Craig , the top lawyer at the White House and a close aide to President Barack Obama , has helped lead the administration 's efforts on several national - security issues that once enjoyed popularity but have since become become political liabilities for Mr. Obama .
These ...
Experienced , Dedicated Iowa Personal Injury and Wrongful Death Attorneys
For more than a quarter of a century , the personal injury and wrongful death attorneys at Galligan Law have been a strong and effective voice for injured or killed Iowans and their families .
We are passionate about fighting for justice for our clients and dedicated to making our communities safer by holding negligent individuals and entities accountable for their harmful conduct .
By working with a local , Des Moines personal injury lawyer you can rest assured we will do our best to do right by our community .
Our team can help you file a wrongful death claim and guide you through the process to receive justice for your family .
Skilled , Caring Representation for Injured and Grieving Iowans
What we do not only makes a difference in the individual lives of the people we have the privilege to represent , but also makes Iowa a safer place to live .
Every personal injury claim or wrongful death lawsuit we pursue shines a light on careless conduct that endangers Iowans and our communities .
At Galligan Law , we firmly believe that each time a courageous client stands up and demands accountability for the wrongs they ’ve suffered , it makes an impact .
We are tremendously proud of our clients and honored to give them a strong and meaningful voice in court by fighting to hold careless and negligent parties accountable by pursuing justice in personal injury and wrongful death cases relating to motor vehicle collisions , medical malpractice , dog bite , defective products / devices , dangerous drugs , and other harmful conduct .
Every time we obtain justice for a client , it has the capacity to inspire individuals to change their behavior and can even force the biggest hospitals , corporations , and governments to change policies and practices that will make Iowa safer for all .
For effective and experienced injury counsel in Iowa , contact us online today for your free consultation .
If you ’ve suffered from an injury or the loss of a loved one , you need help from an experienced Iowa lawyer with a proven track record of success statewide .
You can turn with confidence to Galligan Law P.C.
Our Des Moines injury attorneys are here to be your voice and fight for you after a devastating car crash , medical error , defective product , or other careless conduct causes you injury or robs you of your health , well - being , or the life someone you love .
We will give a proven , strong , and effective voice to your case and fight for the financial compensation you deserve under the law .
Protecting Iowans Through Legal Action and Education
As a result of over a quarter of a century representing thousands of injured and aggrieved Iowans , Galligan Law has amassed a deep knowledge base on injury prevention and safety .
We take pride in our educational efforts within the community and encourage you to view our blog or follow us on social media to learn about important safety matters , including knowledge and tips for you and your loved ones on patient safety and rights , avoiding medical malpractice , safe travel tips , finding safe products and more .
Our knowledgeable , professional team is prepared answer your legal questions and get you the help you need .
We are dedicated to ensuring justice for you and your loved ones by holding wrongdoers accountable , making sure they fully compensate you for the harm done and the impact on your life and health .
Contact Us Today
Our lawyers in Des Moines will fight aggressively for the justice you deserve and create a safer Iowa today , tomorrow , and for generations to come .
To schedule a free consultation with one of our Des Moines personal injury lawyers , call our offices today at 800-217-9312 .
Finally , holy cow , we 've got 781 members on the Dino Comics distributed computing team , which makes us the 16th biggest team on the network , and we 've done 5 years of worth of disease - curing computing since last week .
That is pretty incredible .
If you 'd like to join AND let your computer do useful work for humanity in its spare time , you can do so here .
Brian emailed me to say that this is basically like Progress Quest , only you get to help cure AIDS at the same time .
SOUNDS GOOD TO ME .
One year ago today : ways to make someone fall in love with you comics
– Ryan
The government has dismissed reports that suggest business secretary Lord Mandelson plans to crackdown on illegal file sharing , by slapping hefty fines on thousands of individuals found guilty of abusing their web access .
A spokeswoman at the Department for Business Innovation and Skills ( BIS ) told The Register that it was “ nonsense ” to “ speculate ” that Mandelson would target teenagers who illegally download music and films .
She said news reports that had appeared over the weekend were “ simply journalists putting two plus two together and coming up with seven ” .
The Daily Telegraph claimed that millions of people throughout the UK faced fines of up to £ 50,000 if their kids were caught illegally downloading films and music .
Meanwhile , according to the Times , Mandelson , who took over responsibility for digital policy after Lord Carter — author of the Digital Britain report — recently left the government , is supposedly mulling tougher measures against online piracy following a meeting with DreamWorks co-founder David Geffen .
He had a private dinner with Geffen , who is a long - standing critic of illegal file sharing , while holidaying in the Greek island of Corfu earlier this month at a villa owned by the Rothschild banking family .
However , the BIS spokeswoman denied that any discussion had taken place between the two men about internet piracy .
Treasury minister Stephen Timms , who took charge of the government ’s Digital Britain plans earlier this month , told the Financial Times on Friday that UK.gov was hoping to reduce illegal file sharing in Blighty by 70 per cent within a year .
He confirmed that ISPs had been told to write letters to people caught illicitly downloading copyrighted material , and added that persistent offenders could face the threat of court action .
“ The [ 70 per cent ] target is a reasonable one , ” Timms told the FT .
“ The concern is if the target is n’t hit , what happens then and how quickly we look at it again . ”
Communications watchdog Ofcom would , under the Digital Britain proposals , be granted powers to step in ; either by slowing internet connections or blocking access to piracy websites used by anyone who persists in illegal file sharing online .
Carter ’s final report on Digital Britain was published in June .
It stopped short of mandating a mechanism for persistent copyright infringers to be disconnected , but did suggest port blocking , protocol blocking , URL and IP address blocking , bandwidth capping , bandwidth shaping and filtering of specific content as sanctions . ®
Qaradawi’s Revisions
Yusuf al - Qaradawi , probably the single most influential living Sunni Islamist figure , has just written a major book entitled Fiqh al - Jihad ( The Jurisprudence of Jihad ) which decisively repudiates al Qaeda ’s conception of jihad as a “ mad declaration of war upon the world . ”
At the same time , he strongly rejects what he calls efforts to remove jihad completely from Islam , and strongly reaffirms the duty of jihad in resisting the occupation of Muslim lands , specifically mentioning Israel as the arena of legitimate resistance .
Qaradawi ’s intervention has thus far received no attention at all in the English - language media .
It should , because of his vast influence and his long track record as an accurate barometer of mainstream Arab views .
His book , described by the Egyptian newspaper al - Masry al - Youm last week in a seven part series , is far more important than the much - discussed “ recantations ” and “ revisions ” of former jihadist intellectuals such as Dr. Fadl ( Sayid Imam ) and the leaders of the Gama ’a Islamiya .
The internal revisions by ex-jihadists ( which Qaradawi praises ) may influence that tiny group of extremists , and demonstrate cracks in their intellectual foundations .
But for the most part , the mass Arab public has never heard of and does n’t care about them .
And unlike the Gamaa leaders or Dr. Fadl , Qaradawi did not produce his revisions from an Egyptian prison cell ( hence Ayman Zawahiri ’s cutting rejoinder to Dr. Fadl , that Egyptian prisons had n’t had fax machines back in his day ) .
Qaradawi is different .
Qaradawi , an intensely controversial figure in the West , appears on a weekly al - Jazeera program and is probably the single most influential Sunni Islamist figure in the Arab world .
The Egyptian - born Qaradawi is closely associated with the Muslim Brotherhood ( he reportedly turned down an invitation to become its Supreme Guide because he felt he had more influence from his base in Doha ) .
He is a populist whose views generally reflect widespread attitudes in the region — he strongly endorses democracy , for instance , while also supporting Hamas attacks against Israelis .
Whether he leads or follows popular opinion is a difficult and fascinating question — but either way , he is quite a useful barometer .
His criticism of al Qaeda is not new — he condemned 9/11 and has engaged in a number of public polemics with Abu Musab al - Zarqawi and with the leaders of al Qaeda .
But the timing of this book merits attention .
His views generally closely mirror trends within wider mass public opinion will reach a far wider swathe of the Arab mainstream and will likely have far greater impact than did the internal revisions which received such attention in the West .
His intervention strengthens the impression that al Qaeda ’s extreme form of salafi- jihadism is on the wane in the Arab world , but political Islam and the spirit of muqawama ( resistance ) remains strong .
Qaradawi ’s text deserves lengthy discussion , but a brief summary here will have to suffice .
Fiqh al - Jihad stakes out the centrist ( wasatiyya ) ground where Qaradawi has always comfortably resided ( he has authored dozens of books about wasatiyya concept ) .
He rejects two trends : those who seek to eliminate jihad completely from the Muslim world , stripping it of its power and its ability to resist ( which is how he sees the project of much of so - called moderate Islam or secularists ) ; and those who apply it indiscriminately in a mad campaign of killing of all with whom they disagree ( like al - Qaeda ) .
Straw men , yes .
But very effectively allowing Qaradawi to distinguish between al Qaeda ’s excesses and the legitimacy of resistance to occupation and to Israel .
Qaradawi also offers an intriguing broadening of the concept of jihad , away from violence to the realm of ideas , media , and communication — which he calls the “ jihad of the age . ”
The weapons of this jihad should be TV , the internet , email and the like rather than guns .
Persuading Muslims of the message of Islam and the importance of this jihad in the path of God should be the first priority , he argues : “ the jihad of the age , a great jihad , and a long jihad . ”
He also goes into great detail about the different forms of jihad , the need for pragmatism , and the diverse nature of possible relations between Muslims and non-Muslims .
There is much more to Qaradawi ’s text worth discussing , including his views on international law ( he deploys Guantanamo and Abu Ghraib to depressing effect ) , his form of argumentation , his categories of jihad , his conceptions of Muslim relations with non-Muslims , and much more .
Parts of it are deeply problematic , others are surprisingly forthcoming .
But for now , I mainly want to signal the appearance of this important text , which deserves close attention from all those interested in such matters .
FAYEZ NURELDINE /AFP / Getty Images
iPhone
GV Mobile developer Sean Kovacs has reacted to GV Mobile , his Google Voice client for iPhone , being pulled from Apple 's App Store by releasing it through Cydia , an application distributor for jailbroken iPhones .
The app has made headlines in the tech world as one of several Google Voice - related applications pulled by Apple in the last couple of days for duplicating functionality in the iPhone .
Hosted by Modmyi.com , the app is able to those who have jailbroken their iPhones .
Jail breaking was once all the rage before Apple launched the App Store and released an SDK for developers to make sanctioned apps , but there is still a thriving community of tinkerers and others who wish to make of their iPhone what they will .
" Maybe you 've seen GV Mobile was tossed out of the AppStore , " Modmyi.com said in a post .
" Apple 's , 'hey , we have apps that do that too ... you can't be in here !' attitude is well documented ( remember Podcaster ?
which wound up on Cydia in the MMi repo as well ? ) , and once again a great app has been pushed out of folks ' hands so Apple can minimize the competition . "
" Well do n't you worry , " the site added , " all you folks who still wanted the app - we 've got it up in Cydia now and you can download away - completely free .
Although , if you 're nice , you 'll toss Sean a few bucks donation for his work . "
Mr. Kovacs has already updated the app to deal with an issue for jailbroken iPhones , and posted a note explaining the differences between the App Store version and the Cydia version .
He wrote , " Push : It will never happen now - thank Apple .
Push uses Apple 's server / techonology to push notifications - without GV Mobile on the App Store , I ca n't utilize their servers to push you notifications . "
Here 's some advice for anyone hoping for a career as a spy , said Nadia Gilani in Britain 's The Times .
Stay off Facebook .
Sir John Sawers — the new head of the U.K. 's Secret Intelligence Service , MI6 — learned that the hard way , after his wife , Shelley , posted vacation photos and personal details on the social - networking site .
Lady Sawers used no privacy protections , potentially exposing the family 's friends and associates to Facebook 's 200 million users worldwide .
" Wow , " said Foster Kamer in Gawker .
John Sawers is " supposed to lead up one of the world 's two most powerful secret service organizations .
And serious secrets — like where the guy lives , who his friends are , who his family is , and what his wife 's favorite Liza Minnelli musical is — have been exposed ( along with his Speedos , which terrorists and enemies of the British state everywhere will , at the very least , get a laugh out of ) . "
But , seriously , Laborites and Tories alike are wondering — with good reason — whether to keep this guy on the job .
Online oversharing is a problem for a lot of people , said Judy Berman in Salon .
There 's a blog called STFU , Parents that makes fun of moms and dads who embarrass their offspring by airing the family laundry — or flat - out ridiculing their kids — on Facebook .
Note to everybody : Your business ceases to be private the second you post it online .
Despite Apple 's reputation for being a notorious gatekeeper with its iPhone App Store , there 's a way to sneak in content such as porn , profanity or potentially malicious code , with no hacking required : Easter eggs .
Apple initially rejected Jelle Prins ' iPhone app Lyrics , which displays lyrics for the songs in your music library , including the profanity contained in some song lyrics .
Apple cited that fact as the reason for turning Prins down .
So Prins installed a profanity filter and Lyrics got approved .
But he also secretly planted an Easter egg ( programmer parlance for a secret feature ) into the app for users to unlock the dirty words if they so pleased .
All users have to do to unlock the filth is go to the About page , swipe downward three times and select the option to turn off the filter .
" It 's almost impossible for Apple to see if there 's an Easter egg because they can't really see the source code , " Prins said .
" In theory a developer could make a simple Easter egg in their app and provide a user with whatever content they want . "
The Lyrics app's Easter egg points out the inconsistency and incompleteness of Apple 's approval process .
When Steve Jobs introduced the App Store on June 9 , 2008 , he laid out a simple set of rules :
No porn or malicious apps that invade your privacy .
But Apple has kept the details of its approval process shrouded in secrecy , and as a result , little is known about how it works .
Apple declined to comment on this story .
Many iPhone developers do , however , agree on one thing : Apple 's approval policy is inconsistent .
Here 's an example :
The novelty fart app Pull My Finger was initially rejected from the App Store , and then later approved , but the game Baby Shaker , which involved shaking a baby to death , was initially approved before it was pulled down amid parental outrage .
Part of the problem may be that Apple lacks the manpower to review every app carefully , which is not surprising .
The App Store has published 46,000 apps since it opened in July 2008 , according to iPhone analytics company Medialets .
According to Prins , his server logs show that a single Apple employee tested his app prior to its approval .
( His application works in conjunction with an online database , which logs activity from the app . )
All Apple did during that testing , Prins says , was perform a search on profane words , which went undetected thanks to the Easter egg , and to check if the app worked when connected to the internet .
A few days later , Lyrics appeared in the App Store , Prins said .
Prins said it would be technically possible for Apple to discover a hidden Easter egg , but it would require intense inspection and perhaps asking developers to hand over their source code , which Apple does n't currently do .
Secret features could adversely affect the iPhone and iPod Touch platform , says Nullriver CEO Adam Dann .
" If people start putting in naked pictures of their ex-girlfriend as an Easter egg to get revenge , or something like that , that is n't quite right , " Dann said .
" It has the potential to really mess things up for everybody . "
Dann has had his own run-in with App Store inconsistency :
He developed the iPhone tethering app NetShare , which was approved and then banned after Apple discovered the app violated AT&T 's terms of service .
Speaking on security matters , Jonathan Zdziarski , author of the book iPhone Forensics : Recovering Evidence , Personal Data , and Corporate Assets , said the iPhone 's API is mostly secure and that it would be difficult to harm a user through an Easter egg unknown to Apple .
He noted , however , a few areas where users ' privacy could be violated : audio , the camera and the address book .
For example , an audio app with a malicious Easter egg , Zdziarski explained , could potentially allow a developer to record a user 's conversations without him or her knowing about it .
And a harmful photo app could snap photos with your camera even when a user is not pressing the shutter button .
Third , a malicious app could steal your address book contacts .
" It 's not impossible to write code that looks innocent and acts innocent until you throw some kind of switch , " Zdziarski said .
" It 's not hard to get that sort of thing past Apple ....
It 's the equivalent of a doctor using a magnifying glass to try and find germs . "
However , Zdziarski said just because an application is approved does n't mean Apple wo n't revisit it and pull it down later .
That means a developer might only get away with shenanigans or harmful activities temporarily , only to be caught and banned by Apple later .
Prins said he was aware this was a possibility , and that if Apple pulled down Lyrics , he would install a better profanity filter .
Until then , Lyrics has slipped in a quiet " Screw you " to Apple 's App Store gatekeepers — albeit one mumbled behind their backs .
Update : Lyrics is no longer in the App Store .
The developer removed the app temporarily because of licensing issues .
See Also :
Photo : Jon Snyder / Wired.com
Cover
Theme : Productivity – Turn Ubuntu into the Best Work Environment
DVD /CD : Ubuntu 17.04 - Zesgty Zapus , 32 & 64 bits
Essentials : Ubuntu ’s repositories come with literally tens of thousands of packages .
With so many apps to choose from , sometimes you may not know what to look for when searching for a tool for a ...
• Defender fails to recover for Wednesday 's match • England squad down to 21 with Gareth Barry 's suspension
Rio Ferdinand will not join up with the England squad ahead of Wednesday 's World Cup qualifier with Andorra .
Ferdinand , the Manchester United defender , was ruled out of yesterday 's victory over Kazakhstan as he was still experiencing discomfort in a calf injury that disrupted his preparation for last month 's Champions League final .
It was expected Ferdinand would join up with his England colleagues today but the FA have now confirmed he will miss out again , giving himself more chance to rest to ensure his fitness for the new season .
It ends an injury - blighted campaign for Ferdinand , who has also been troubled by a back complaint since December .
There was little point in him being risked against Andorra , who will surely not prevent Fabio Capello 's side from making it seven Group Six wins on the trot at Wembley on Wednesday , leaving them close to booking a place at next summer 's World Cup in South Africa .
Capello has opted not to bring in a replacement , leaving him with just 21 players as Gareth Barry has been ruled out of Wednesday 's game through suspension .
Barry was booked in Almaty yesterday and has now been cleared to link up with his new club Manchester City .
Forget blaming it on the dog , thanks to Amazon students have a 21st century excuse for lost homework .
When Amazon foolishly yanked 1984 from thousands of Kindles , Justin Gawronski's electronic notes for a summer assignment became useless .
Advertisement
Now a class action lawsuit has been filed that seeks punitive damages for those affected by the deletion as well as an injunction that forbids Amazon from improperly accessing Kindles in the future .
Granted , after the fallout and subsequent Bezos apology , there probably was n't much risk of Amazon crossing the line again .
Still , I agree that they had this coming .
Advertisement
Again , the fact that Orwell 's 1984 is at the center of all of this controversy is one of those delicious coincidences that is impossible to ignore .
[ Trading Markets ]
By Roger Harrabin
Environment analyst , BBC News
Wind has the power to revolutionise the UK's electricity industry , according to a study published on Wednesday .
Research from analysts
Poyry says that the UK can massively expand wind power by 2030 without suffering power cuts or a melt - down of the National Grid .
The cost of electricity would then be determined not by consumer demand , but by how hard the wind is blowing .
When it is windy power will be so cheap that other forms of generation will be unable to compete , the report says .
If accepted by government , these key findings could strongly influence the UK 's future energy supplies .
The study was done for National Grid , Centrica and others .
The researchers reviewed 2.5 million hourly weather reports on wind speeds all around the UK .
Idle time
If the wind were to drop everywhere round the UK ( as happened during the January high pressure cold snap ) , other generators would make their money by switching on back - up fossil fuel power stations for a very short time , charging extremely high prices , it predicts .
Dr Phil Hare from Poyry said these back - up generators might stand idle for years without making a profit - so the government might need to find a new way of ensuring they were funded .
There is no such thing as cheap green power - that is a myth
Phil Hare
Poyry
The study bases its assumptions on current levels of subsidy .
It concludes that , thanks to the wind subsidy through the " Renewable Obligations Certificates " issued by regulator Ofgem , electricity prices would be negative if the wind were blowing hard .
" The market will have to evolve to accommodate the wind .
The average output of a wind turbine is only about a third of its full capacity .
So when the wind is blowing strongly you 'll have to turn some of the wind power off ; otherwise it will swamp the system , " Dr Hare said .
" Nuclear power stations will have to be built with variable output so they - like gas and coal plants - can occasionally cut their power when the wind is blowing most strongly .
It does look as though nuclear , coal and gas are competing for the same share of the market . "
Dr Hare said the study answered another key question : whether we could move to widespread intermittent power from the wind , waves and tides together .
" Some people were worried that the complexity stemming from intermittent wind with an overlay of tidal power peaking twice a day might simply have been too much change for the grid to bear .
But our research shows the grid can cope . "
The study investigated a scenario for 2030 , in which electricity is more than 40 % renewable - mostly from wind .
But some experts urge caution .
Dr John Constable , from the Renewable Energy Foundation , said : " The study confirms that while very high levels of uncontrollable renewable generation are theoretically manageable , the practical difficulties are significant , and the cost will be high .
" Less ambitious levels of wind would almost certainly result in a system which is not only just as clean but is also more robust and affordable . "
The study amplifies a recent paper from National Grid itself stating that a move towards wind power would not necessitate widespread investment in expensive back - up power plants fuelled by gas or coal .
This is a key finding which helps remove one of the main barriers to the advance of wind , although some will remain sceptical .
But it comes with a warning .
Dr Hare said : " It will cost more .
There is no such thing as cheap green power - that is a myth . "
The authors of a report from the Royal Society this week made the same point .
But politicians are still reluctant to pass on this message to the public .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
CONSUMER confidence is racing into territory normally associated with an economic boom as the fastest jump on record turns even Coalition voters into optimists .
The Westpac - Melbourne Institute confidence index soared 28 per cent in three months to August , a far bigger jump than the 23 per cent recorded as Australia climbed out of the early 1980s recession and the 20 per cent recorded as Australia rose from the recession that began in 1987 .
Optimists outnumber or equal pessimists in every age group , income range and occupation and , for the first time in almost two years , every political persuasion .
' ' I am amazed , '' said Melbourne Institute 's Professor Guay Lim , who compiled the survey .
'' We asked the questions this weekend after a week of very good news on employment and the Reserve Bank 's positive assessment of the economy .
People seem to have come around to the view that the worst wo n't happen to them . ''
( Photo : Ben Curtis / Associated Press )
Updated , June 16 , 9:15 p.m. | Djavad Salehi -Isfahani , an economist at Virginia Tech , reports from Iran on how young people in small towns are different from their urban counterparts .
Updated , June 16 , 4:05 p.m. | Janet Afary , a professor of Middle East history , discusses how gender politics became a central issue in the election .
In the largest antigovernment demonstration since the Iranian revolution of 1979 , thousands of people took to the streets in Iran on Tuesday to protest the disputed presidential election in which President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was declared winner this past weekend .
The supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has called for an examination of opposition charges of vote - rigging and the country ’s powerful Guardian Council said Tuesday that it would order a partial recount .
That concession was rejected by the main opposition candidate , Mir Hussein Moussavi , and other opponents , who demand that a new election be held .
We asked some experts to give some background on the developments over the past few days , and what the Obama administration ’s reaction should be .
A Middle - Class Uprising
Abbas Amanat is a professor of history at Yale and author , most recently , of “ Apocalyptic Islam and Iranian Shi’ism . ”
This election and the post-election protests are by far the greatest challenge the Islamic Republic of Iran has faced since its inception in 1979 .
Neither the downfall of President Banisadr in June 1981 nor the election of Mohammad Khatami to presidency in June 1997 matches in size and intensity the events of the past few weeks .
Even though the outcome is uncertain , the ongoing protests reflect a remarkable phenomenon : the rise of a new middle class whose demands stand in contrast to the radicalism of the incumbent President Ahmadinejad and the core conservative values of the clerical elite , which no doubt has the backing of a religiously conservative sector of the population .
The protesters are far more urban , more educated and more interested in creating their own indigenous secularism than ever in the past .
Nevertheless , this new middle class , a product of the Islamic Revolution that supports Mir Hussein Moussavi and the reformist cleric Mehdi Karroubi , the two moderate opponents of Mr. Ahmadinejad , is a force to be reckoned with .
This middle class has a different vision for the Iranian society and state .
It is much larger in size and younger in age , politically more engaged and less timid .
Nearly 80 percent of today ’s Iranians are urban or semi-urban and with a substantial percentage of them residing in provincial centers with populations over one million .
In the 1950 ’s urban population was around 25 percent and at the time of the Islamic Revolution in 1979 barely exceeded 50 percent .
The new middle class wants to participate in the discourse of democracy and create its own indigenous secularism .
Like any other middle class it demands better living standards , more cultural and social freedoms , greater gender balance and women ’s rights , ethnic and religious inclusion and better access to the outside world .
It wants accountability from the government and it demands to be heard .
It is sensitive to Iran ’s image abroad and does not wish to be portrayed as extremist and uncouth .
It is more articulate , better educated , technologically savvy , and more confident of its own place .
If the conservative forces within the Iranian regime crush the peaceful protest movement they stand to alienate the largest , the most productive sector of the population .
This may severally paralyze , even destroy , Iran ’s chances to emerge as a prosperous and stable country pivotal to the stability of the whole region .
Read more …
If the Iranian protesters prevail , however , it may lead to a pluralistic society more in tune with the outside world and less isolationist even in legitimate pursuit of a peaceful nuclear program .
It may develop potentially into a model for the rest of region , having left behind its Islamic radical experience .
The Obama administration cannot remain indifferent to such a development .
Any attempt to engage Iran no doubt should avoid acts that may endanger Iran ’s stability .
Yet the U.S. should be acutely aware that beyond the surface of President Ahmadinejad ’s radical rhetoric and Ayatollah Khamenei ’s myopic worldview there is a massive movement of public discontent that if unaddressed can turn into a revolutionary torrent .
It is questionable how fully aware Ayatollah Khamenei is of the depth of the Iranian resentments .
His turnabout in calling for an examination of possible election fraud and now the Guardian Council ’s call for a partial recount , which the opposition has rejected , may be window dressing to buy time in the hope that demonstrations would die down .
Yet he must have been troubled by a sense of déjà vu having lived to hear the calls of “ God is Great ” from Tehran rooftops denouncing his handpicked president .
The same calls 30 years ago brought the shah ’s regime to its knees .
Why Engagement Failed
Meyrav Wurmser , the former executive director of the Middle East Media Research Institute , is director of the Center for Middle East Policy at the Hudson Institute .
Ahmadinejad ’s recent election “ victory ” completes a process begun in June 2005 , with his first election as president of the Islamic Republic of Iran .
After that , Iran went through a quiet revolution consuming the theocracy , which is anchored in the clerics of Qom .
The Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps ( IRGC ) , particularly the veterans of the Iran - Iraq war , had seized ownership of Iranian revolution from the clerics , whom they accused of being weak - willed opportunists who retreated at the first sign of trouble .
The elections represented the last desperate attempt by the clerics of Qom to reassert their legitimacy against a crowd that had already essentially wired all power .
As they have said clearly in their statements , these veterans of that war believe they are the true defenders and vanguards of the revolution , and they have come back to “ save ” it .
For want of better terminology , this can best be described as a theo - fascist coup against a theocracy .
The June 12 elections had come to represent the last desperate attempt by the clerics of Qom to reassert their legitimacy against a crowd that had already essentially wired all power .
Knowing that they lacked the repressive powers of the IRGC - run state , they hoped for an “ Orange ” revolution and sought support from abroad .
This took place while we in the West spent immense energy searching to no avail for moderates and moderation , thus ignoring the nature of the regime that we were confronting .
Our ill focus originated in the second Bush administration and culminated in the Obama administration ’s heightened attempts to engage the Iranian regime .
A string of failed policies and efforts has created dynamics in Tehran that bolstered the most extreme elements and brought about the current crisis .
Israel failed to deliver a withering blow against Iran ’s proxies in Lebanon and Gaza in the war of 2006 .
Then the 2007 U.S. National Intelligence Estimate validated Ahmadinejad by claiming , despite evidence to the contrary , that Iran had stopped working on its nuclear program in 2003 .
The West engaged — and thus legitimized — the Iranian regime over the last few years .
Read more …
Even when Iran defied the West and developed a nuclear program , intimidated our allies in the Middle East , and made direct threats against Israel , Washington kept on its course of engagement .
Our policies encouraged the Iranian radicals and indulged their schemes , thus enabling a fascist revolution .
But now the façade has been removed ; the Iranian regime is a thug - run theo - fascist state without internal Iranian support .
We could persist in our attempts at engagement , but that would further legitimize the regime which has proved it means what it says , and it says that it is unwilling to slow its amassing the power to destroy Israel and the West .
Or we could turn to a deterrent posture , but this regime seems to hold an apocalyptic mindset shaped in the bloody trenches of the Iran - Iraq war .
What is left is a military strike to stop the bomb program and rattle the regime .
The Supreme Leader Is Supreme
Mohsen M. Milani , the chairman of the political science department at the University of South Florida , is the author of “ The Making of Iran ’s Islamic Revolution . ”
He is also the author of “ Tehran ’s Take : Understanding Iran ’s U.S. Policy , ” an essay in the current Foreign Affairs .
Will there be a fundamental change in the strategic direction of Iran ’s foreign policy ?
The answer depends on the outcome of the disputed election , as Mir Hossein Mousavi and millions of his supporters have accused the government of staging a premeditated but clumsily executed “ electoral coup ” against the forces of reform .
Tehran views the U.S. as an existential threat and to counter it has devised a strategy that rests on both deterrence and competition in the Middle East .
Unless there is a fundamental change in the existing structural configuration of the Islamic Republic , or in a change in the institution of the Supreme Leader , it is unlikely that Iran will radically change its foreign policy .
If anything , the next president of Iran is likely to rely increasingly on nationalistic sentiments in order to bring harmony to a divided , dynamic and assertive Iranian electorate .
The strategic direction of the Islamic Republic of Iran has always been determined by the Supreme Leader , in consultation with the main centers of power in Iran ’s highly factionalized polity .
As the second most powerful man in the country , the Iranian president has profound impact on strategy and policy , but the Supreme Leader — Ayatollah Ali Khamenei — is the final “ decider . ”
As the country ’s most powerful figure , he is the commander of the armed forces and in charge of the intelligence and security forces and serves for life .
He — not the president — makes the key decisions regarding war and peace , Iran ’s nuclear policies , and relations with Washington .
The Islamic Constitution was deliberately structured to insure that the unelected component of the government , or its Islamic part , dominates its elected or the republican part .
Read more …
Tehran ’s foreign policy , particularly its policies toward the U.S. , has its own strategic logic , and is based on Iran ’s ambitions and Tehran ’s perception of what threatens them .
Tehran ’s top priority is the survival of the Islamic Republic as it exists now .
Tehran views the United States as an existential threat and to counter it has devised a strategy that rests on both deterrence and competition in the Middle East .
The logic of Iranian foreign policy is driven not by a single faction or a single issue but by an entire system of governance , with its long - standing international alliances .
A fundamental change in that strategy will not come when Iran has a new president , no matter how reform - oriented he is .
It can come only when the Supreme Leader approves it .
Moreover , that change will come only if Tehran and Washington reach some sort of understanding to normalize relations –something that the electoral dispute has made considerably more difficult to achieve .
The pivotal part of this engagement should be building upon the common interests of the two governments , such as stability and reconstruction of Iraq and Afghanistan and the fight against al Queda , and establishing concrete institutional mechanisms to manage their remaining differences .
President Obama ’s measured and prudent response to the electoral dispute , his concerns with the escalating use of violence , and his decision not to publicly entangle Washington in the ongoing and ferocious factional struggle inside the Islamic Republic are necessary steps in the right direction .
What if Ahmadinejad Really Won ?
Djavad Salehi -Isfahani is a professor of economics at Virginia Tech and a guest scholar at the Brookings Institution .
Iran ’s young people helped energize this election with the hope that it would bring relief to their twin problems of unemployment and social restrictions .
Moussavi appealed to young Iranians in cities , but not in small towns .
Young people ages 15 - 29 make up 35 percent of the population but account for 70 percent of the unemployed .
In addition , they feel constantly harassed by restrictions on how to dress and who they can hang out with .
In the weeks before the election , they had come to believe that , thanks to their sheer numbers ( 40 percent of the voting age population ) and strong determination , they could take control of their destiny by electing a new president .
Their optimism was underscored by the fact that though they have no memory of the Islamic Revolution , its founder , Ayatollah Khomeini , or of the 8 - year war with Iraq , they chose as their leader — Mir Hussein Moussavi — a well - known figure with strong ties to all three .
Now that the results have gone completely contrary to their expectations , they are naturally very disappointed , and , as the world has witnessed , they are taking great risks to express it .
So far , protests are confined to Tehran and a few large cities , and smaller towns and rural areas have been very quiet .
True , large crowds in large urban centers offer a degree of safety that is lacking in rural areas and small towns .
But , behind the difference in reactions to Ahmadinejad ’s election may lie real divisions among the young Iranians in large cities and in small towns and rural areas .
Mr. Moussavi ’s main appeal to them was on social , not economic , issues , which are more important to the more affluent youth in Tehran and large urban centers .
Indeed , he confined his campaign to Tehran and a few large cities .
Read more …
By contrast , Mr. Ahmadineajd spent the last four years traveling across the country courting the rural and small town votes .
There is even evidence that his programs to distribute income and wealth more evenly have begun to bear fruit .
The so - called “ justice shares ” that entitle each individual to receive about $ 1,000 worth of equity in public companies pay out about $ 70 a year have been distributed to many in rural areas , and many more are waiting for their turn .
Others are waiting to receive funds for housing and marriage from various funds that his administration has established .
Once these factors are taken into account , it is not so implausible that Mr. Ahmadinejad may have actually won a majority of the votes cast , though not those cast in Tehran .
The well - to - do urbanite Iranians and their political leaders would do well to allow room for the possibility that a recount may reduce but not eliminate Mr. Ahmadinejad ’s lead , and , in that case , respect the voters will and prepare for a comeback in 2013 .
After all , as the Moussavi camp has correctly pointed out , while Mr. Ahmadinajd ’s policies have put money in poor people ’s pockets , they have failed to provide more jobs for their young .
If his critics are correct , the next four years will be difficult years for Mr. Ahmadinejad and may well see the undoing of his populist majority .
A Political Wife , a Women ’s Movement
Janet Afary will hold the Mellichamp chair in Global Religions and Modernity at the University of California , Santa Barbara , this fall and is author of “ Sexual Politics in Modern Iran . ”
The presence of Zahrad Rahnavard , the wife of Mir Hussein Moussavi , was a significant factor in the election .
Mr. Moussavi , who is not a very charismatic speaker and had left politics nearly 20 years ago , saw his prospects for victory increase when his wife joined him in the campaign .
The well - publicized picture of them holding hands was not merely symbolic .
During the campaign , both spoke out for greater women ’s rights , which is an issue that resonates with Iranian voters .
Her presence also encouraged other candidates to campaign with their wives , the first time this has happened since the 1979 revolution .
Sexual politics was a dominant focus of the campaign .
Ms. Rahnavard was a leftist long before she became an Islamist , and in that sense she and her husband are different from the more conservative rightist Islamists .
Leftist Islamists were moved by social and economic concerns of the poor and dispossessed , and thought that Islam would be a unifying ideology toward greater social progress and democracy in Iranian society .
Since 1979 , both she and her husband have gone through a series of changes .
She has become a strong advocate of women ’s rights and headed al - Zahra Women ’s University until President Ahmadinejad removed her from that post in 2005 .
Piratenpartei : Eher kentern als entern ?
Florian Rötzer
In Münster und Aachen konnten die Piraten bei den Kommunalwahlen den Stadtrat mit einem Sitz entern , in Sachsen erzielten sie bei der Landtagswahl 1,9 Prozent .
Auch wenn die Piratenpartei in manchen Online - Umfragen wie bei StudiVZ , XING oder Telepolis ( 76 Prozent ) geradezu sensationelle Erfolge erzielte und mehr Besucher auf ihre Website als auf die der anderen Parteien kommen , schaut es draußen in der Offline - Realität doch ganz anders aus .
Angetreten waren die Piraten allerdings nur in Sachsen zu den Landtagswahlen .
In Thüringen und im Saarland war man nicht dabei .
Geentert haben die Piraten in Sachsen den Landtag aber nicht .
Sie blieben etwa bei dem Wahlergebnis , das ihnen auch in den Bundestagswahlen prophezeit wird .
1,9 Prozent erzielten die Piraten in Sachsen .
Sicherheitshalber hieß es vorher schon einmal : " Freilich ist jeder Pirat das Kentern gewöhnt , die See ist bekanntlich mitunter recht rau .
Doch jedes Kentern schweißt mehr zusammen .
Und manchmal in der Vergangenheit der drei Jahre alten Partei schien es notwendig , um hinterher umso schneller voranzukommen . "
Bei den Kommunalwahlen in Nordrhein - Westfalen traten die Piraten an , in den Universitätsstädten Aachen und Münster in den Stadtrat gewählt zu werden .
Das Ziel war realistischer , schließlich gibt es hier keine 5 - Prozent - Prozent - Hürde .
Als politische Ziele gaben die Piraten an , für " ein transparentes Verwaltungswesen , sowie Einfluss auf die Gestaltung und Finanzierung von Bildungsangeboten " eintreten zu wollen .
In Münster erhielten die Piraten 1,6 Prozent der Stimmen , was ihnen einen Sitz im Stadtrat sichert .
In Aachen erreichten sie 1,7 Prozent , was ebenfalls einen Sitz im Stadtrat einbringt .
Jetzt also müssen und können die Piraten ihrfe Politikkompetenz auf schwieriger kommunaler Ebene demonstrieren .
Robert Mugabe and Morgan Tsvangirai hoped to steer through an elite - driven constitution .
Photo from http://kickmugabeout.blogspot.com/.
July 25 , 2009 -- The first All - Stakeholders ' Conference aimed at drafting a new constitution in Zimbabwe was held in Harare on July 13 - 14 .
The constitutional reform process is the result of the agreement reached between President Robert Mugabe 's Zimbabwe African National Union - Patriotic Front ( ZANU - PF ) and the Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) , when they formed a power - sharing government in February 2009 .
The agreement between ZANU - PF and the MDC sets an 18 - month timeline for drafting the constitution .
It mandates two so - called all - stakeholders ’ conferences and national consultation , but the process is controlled by a parliamentary committee .
The final draft is to be determined by parliament before going to a referendum .
Many in the pro-democracy movement believe the constitutional reform process is dominated by politicians and will fail to incorporate the demands of ordinary Zimbabweans suffering worst from the country ’s social and economic crisis .
On May 22 , a gathering of social movement organisations formed the Democratic United Front for a People - Driven Constitution ( DUF ) .
It unites more than 30 organisations , including trade unions , women ’s groups and HIV / AIDS groups .
DUF members took part in the July 13 - 14 conference and distributed thousands of leaflets calling for a “ democratic , participatory , gender - balanced [ and ] people - driven ” constitution - making process ( see below ) .
While in Harare recently Green Left Weekly 's Simon Cunich spoke to DUF co-chairperson Mike Sambo and secretariat member Tatenda Mombeyarara .
Sambo and Mombeyarara are also leading members of the International Socialist Organisation , Zimbabwe .
* * *
What led to the current constitutional reform process ?
TM : Last year , when Zimbabwe was at the peak of the political and economic crisis , the constitutional question emerged as the key to a resolution .
The current reform has emanated from the government of national unity between ZANU - PF and the MDC , which sees constitutional reform as a priority to resolve the crisis .
To what extent do you think ZANU - PF wants to limit the process ?
MS : I am convinced that ZANU - PF is not genuine about this whole process of constitutional reform — they really want to limit it as much as they can .
One of the demands coming from the MDC rank - and - file is to limit the presidential tenure and take away some of the extensive presidential powers .
ZANU - PF does not want this .
ZANU - PF is full of bourgeois politicians who have accumulated so much wealth , taking advantage of being the ruling party .
They would n’t want any constitution that threatens the property they have accumulated .
What is the MDC ’s perspective for constitutional reform ?
MS : The MDC sees this as part of their “ regime change ” agenda , through which fresh elections are to be held in the coming 18 months .
ZANU - PF , however , seeks to consolidate the political powers it unjustifiably holds and would not tolerate fresh elections soon .
But on socioeconomic issues , which ordinary people are demanding or expecting to be addressed by the constitution , ZANU - PF and MDC agree not to allow such things to be written in .
TM : The MDC elites , like ZANU - PF , want to protect the propertied class .
By endorsing the Kariba draft constitution [ drawn up by the two parties in secret in 2007 ] they are saying “ no ” to the social and economic rights of the people .
They want to make sure they do not cross swords with the international community by attacking property .
What has been the approach of social movements to the constitutional reform process ?
TM : Three positions have emerged in civil society .
The first position , held by the National Constitutional Assembly ( NCA ) , the Zimbabwe Congress of Trade Unions and the National Union of Students is that this process is flawed .
It ’s led by parliament , it ’s not people - driven — so they will not participate .
Another part of civic society , led mainly by the Crisis In Zimbabwe Coalition and the National Association of Non-Governmental Organisations , which are pro-MDC , is saying that the political situation in Zimbabwe has changed so this constitutional reform will bring the results people desire .
The last position is that of DUF , a coalition of social movements that agrees with the NCA that the process is not people driven .
Learning from Venezuela and South Africa , a constitution should be spearheaded by a constitutional assembly composed of direct representatives of the people , not by parliament .
But for tactical reasons , we will participate in the process under protest and continuously expose it for the sham it is .
What sort of economic rights do you seek to have included in the constitution ?
MS : DUF is for a constitution that reverses the attacks by neoliberal and political authoritarian structures on ordinary people over the past decades , and enshrines as legally enforceable the socio-economic rights of the working people .
Zimbabwe is just recuperating from economic crisis .
From education to food and health , everything is virtually collapsed .
We want the right to education , free and funded by the state .
We want the right to health .
If you go to hospitals , except for private - only hospitals , there are no drugs .
There are no doctors , because they are not being paid .
Go to schools and they are open but there are no teachers , because they are not being paid .
There is plenty of food on the shelves of shops , but people are not earning enough to afford it .
So we want affordable food .
What is DUF ’s strategy for involving people in the constitutional reform process ?
MS : We are limited by our resources — we cannot be as mobile as we want to in order get to people in rural areas .
But our strategy is “ outreach ” , to go to people to make them aware what the constitution is and what should be expected from it .
Also , to [ promote ] lessons from other countries with very progressive constitutions , such as Venezuela and other Latin American nations .
Even in South Africa , there is a very progressive constitution .
TM : We have managed to gain support from about 16 unions , which is a significant section of the labour movement .
We have managed to mobilise various social movements .
The way forward is to go into the provinces and tell people how to express their positions in favour of their rights being protected in the constitution .
How do you expect this process to unfold ?
MS : The process is heavily polarised .
The MDC is using the constitutional process as a regime change process .
Its eyes are cast on future elections , which they expect within 18 months .
But ZANU - PF are saying there will be no elections for five years .
But the solution to rescuing Zimbabwe lies in putting in place a constitution that addresses economic democracy to determine whether we continue a situation where our mineral resources are benefiting a handful , or Zimbabweans get free quality education , health care and shelter funded by the proceeds from our resources .
If the constitution is written as suggested in the ZANU - PF - MDC agreement , the end result will be nothing more than what we currently have , save for a few civil rights the MDC may win .
TM : If the government insists on imposing a constitution that does not incorporate social and economic rights , we will campaign for a “ no ” vote .
We do n’t intend to demobilise DUF after the writing of the constitution .
It will play a watchdog role and ensure the rights we are campaigning to be in the constitution are realised .
We will put the government to task by way of mass action to make sure they are realised .
[ This article first appeared in Green Left Weekly , issue # 804 , July 29 , 2009 . ]
Interview with International Socialist Organisation , Zimbabwe leader Munyaradzi Gwisai
July 23 , 2009 -- SW Radio Africa 's Behind the Headlines program -- Former Movement for Democratic Change MP for the seat of Highfield in Harare and University of Zimbabwe law lecturer Munyaradzi Gwisai is the guest on Behind the Headlines .
Gwisai was one of the presenters at the All Stakeholders Constitutional Conference , which was disrupted by ZANU - PF thugs .
He gives his thoughts on the current national unity government and says the MDC gave Mugabe breathing space by entering into a coalition , when the ZANU - PF regime was on the verge of collapse last year .
[ List to this interview HERE . ]
Lance Guma : Hello Zimbabwe and welcome to another edition of Behind the Headlines .
My guest this week is former member of parliament for Highfield with the Movement for Democratic Change , Mr Munyaradzi Gwisai .
Mr Gwisai is also a lecturer at the University of Zimbabwe .
Mr Gwisai , thank you very much for joining me .
Munyaradzi Gwisai : Thank you Lance and manheru mhuri ye Zimbabwe .
Guma :
Right the starting point Mr Gwisai obviously is the constitution - making process that you yourself are involved in right now .
Give us a summary of what you think is happening so far and your attitude towards it .
I ’ve had Dr Madhuku on the program ; he ’s heavily opposed to this process saying it should not be politician driven .
What ’s your take on it ?
Gwisai : I work under a coalition of progressive and people - based civic groups called the Democratic United Front for a People - Driven Constitution ( DUF ) .
We are participating , and we participated in this stakeholders conference , under protest but we believe that this is a very important occasion and an event that the ordinary people of Zimbabwe and those who seek to fight for democracy and progress must engage in as an important platform and terrain for democracy .
We do not think that the process should be boycotted as has been called for by colleagues who for instance are in the National Constitutional Assembly ( NCA ) chairperson Lovemore Madhuku and others .
We think it ’s just like the March 2008 elections , this is an important opening that democrats and all those who are fighting for a better Zimbabwe , especially those who are fighting for a Zimbabwe in which ordinary people can have a stake , and can have a say and can make a living in this country .
It ’s an opening that we must take advantage of and that we must push for change in , so for that reason we have called for participation and we call upon for participation but under very strict benchmarks and conditions .
Lance :
Is there not a worry then Mr Gwisai that you might , as participants to this process , not have control over the final outcome ?
Gwisai :
Oh well , the issue of control that you raise that people like Madhuku and others have said you do not want a politician - driven process .
We in the DUF believe in a people - driven process but I think you must be very clear about what ``people driven '' means .
``People driven '' ultimately does not mean parliament but neither does it mean asking civic society [ organisations ] as well .
It must mean the people of Zimbabwe .
The ideal opportunity and ideal process for writing a people - driven constitution is through an elected constitutional assembly .
That is in the experience throughout Africa and throughout the global South and not self - chosen personalities or organisations as is happening now , or as would happen under some of these things .
The real thing at the end of the day , I think , as to whether or not we achieve it , will depend on the level to which the opposition , democrats and ordinary people are prepared to stand up and defend the space that is opening up .
That is exactly what we did on the second day of the All Stakeholders Conference when elements aligned to hardliners in ZANU - PF tried to obstruct and stop the conference precisely because they are afraid that if this kind of process goes on , just like in March 2008 , they will be exposed and that the will of the people will prevail .
Lance :
Let ’s draw on your experiences of what happened on that day , Monday July 13 , that the whole stakeholders conference was supposed to be convened , I understand that you were also one of the presenters on various thematic issues there , just for our listeners who were not there , what exactly happened ?
Gwisai : Well , what happened is that during the course of [ the conference ] ... many delegates were very clear in pointing out their opposition to any process that would be driven by the political parties around the Kariba Draft [ the draft constitution written by and agreed to by ZANU - PF and MDC without any popular input ] .
You must bear in mind that the three political parties , that is ZANU - PF and the two MDC formations , had actually agreed in 2007 to a constitutional draft which they are going to try and use as ... the foundation of the constitutional process .
Now this draft is completely unacceptable to most ... ordinary people in the opposition and most democrats because it was written secretively by six people .
It seeks to perpetuate the executive presidency of Robert Mugabe .
It also excludes bread and butter issues – the right to education , the right to jobs , the right to health , [ anti- AIDS ] drugs etc. for ordinary people .
So most people were opposed to this and were making this very clear , and I think what was very clear in the mood of the meeting was that up to two - thirds if not more of the conference was clearly in opposition to the Kariba Draft ...
So when this happened , elements of ZANU - PF started ... chanting down the speaker of parliament , Lovemore Moyo , and causing disruption because they could clearly see that they were in a minority in the conference and that is what eventually led to the disruption .
But we stood our ground , that is most of the ordinary people who were there in the opposition and the civic society , and we insisted that the conference had to take place .
We also insisted that proper security had to be provided and the conference did resume only partially the following day after the leaders of the three major parties had also come out on television saying that they did not support the disruption .
So I think it was a very important test and this is where I think colleagues and comrades who are boycotting are making a mistake , the fact that people were able to stand their ground and insist that this process must continue , but also insist that the constitutional process must continue , not around the Kariba Draft because that is what was won , and secondly that the constitutional process must also ensure gender parity with 50 % of women .
I think were important gains were made and that we need to defend and go ahead and fight for in the opening process .
Lance :
But some will point obviously to that chaos ... as evidence that this whole process is going to be dominated by partisan interests from the various parties .
Gwisai : Yah , but how can you avoid a partisan political interest in a constitutional process ?
A constitutional process is a fundamental process of setting up values , principles and institutions of society , and in that process , political parties are going to be engaged .
So one of the issues that we have raised with colleagues , for instance in the NCA , is that their demand that political parties have 20 % representation in the constitutional process is unrealistic .
It ’s unrealistic because the MDC , certainly the major MDC faction led by opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai and ZANU - PF between ... them -- as shown by the March 2008 election -- represent millions of Zimbabweans .
You ca n’t just dream and wish them away and neither can you just wish that civic society groups , many of whom are small groups that are run by volunteers and are funded externally should then seek to represent the will of the people .
You come to South Africa where the most democratic constitutional process in Africa , that process was done by seven political parties after an election .
You go to Uganda , you go to Ethiopia .
So , but the reality is that I think , those of us who seek change within the political parties and outside must fight for benchmarks that allow genuine consultation and engagement of the people and defending the space that is there .
So I do n’t buy the argument that you must marginalise political parties .
Political parties are legitimate expressions of the will of people and you ca n’t just wish them away in favour of civic groups .
Lance : Ok , Mr Gwisai , I ’ll move to another topic , just setting aside the constitutional debate , and focus on the [ government of national unity between ZANU - PF and the MDC ] that we have had since February .
What do you make so far of this new arrangement ?
Gwisai :
Well this arrangement just proves what many of us on the left have been arguing .
That this was a compromise arrangement between the elites in both the ruling party ZANU - PF and elites in the opposition MDC to reach a compromise that would allow them to sit down and share the cake of Zimbabwe among themselves while the people are suffering .
So the reality is that the conditions and lives of ordinary people -- of workers , of people in the rural areas , of our students , our children -- has continued to be extremely harsh , extremely hard while politicians across the divide are busy looking after themselves , as seen by a situation where the University of Zimbabwe remains closed , as seen by a situation where water and electricity are unaffordable for ordinary people but MPs demand and are given US $ 30,000 each for cars .
So this is an elite arrangement .
The dollarisation of the economy has also brought untold suffering but at the same time , it ’s an elite arrangement that leaves the ZANU - PF dictatorship in power .
The power of Robert Mugabe as the president of Zimbabwe remains intact despite the fact that he lost the election .
So as far as I ’m concerned the arrangement has allowed a bit of space in terms of a democratic opening but fundamentally it has not changed the character of an authoritarian and dictatorial regime in power .
Lance :
Do you think the opposition had a choice ?
Is there any other alternative that maybe you would have recommended and say right , this is the route that you should take ?
Gwisai :
Well certainly , by the end of the December 2008 , Zimbabwe was grinding to a halt .
Virtually everything was coming to a standstill in terms of public services like electricity , like water , education and when you have a situation where members of the armed forces , junior soldiers were now revolting in the streets you can then know that the regime is on its back .
So what was required I think was the courage and vision to mobilise the ordinary people , the working people of our country and the same remains [ the case ] now which is indeed one of the reasons why we still support participation in the constitutional process , we ’re simply saying we must use this space to reorganise , to remobilise , knowing full well that this government and regime that is in power right now is not going to surrender power on a silver platter .
We are going to have to wrest power , we are going to have to fight in the streets of our country and use the current space to build towards that confrontation .
Anyone with illusions that Mugabe is going to go peacefully , anyone with delusions that ZANU - PF is going to go peacefully , is just dreaming or is fooling the people of this country .
The real struggle remains ahead .
What we must do is to mobilise and organise from the working people ’s perspective .
Lance : Ok Mr Gwisai , we ’re running out of time but I ’ll ask one final question .
In your own assessment of this arrangement , obviously both parties to this agreement have something that they want from it , in your assessment , let ’s start off with ZANU - PF and Mugabe , what do you think they want from this coalition government ?
Gwisai : Mugabe needs breathing space .
ZANU - PF and Mugabe need a breathing space .
As I said , their backs were against the wall as a result of a collapsing economy and as a result of isolation regionally , internationally and also growing working people 's unrest .
So what he wanted was and what he still wants is a breathing space , which that Tsvangirai [ and ] the MDC gave him and to be able to reorganise with a build and after that , re-impose the dictatorship of the regime .
So this is why the security operators of the regime have not been dismantled .
This is why Joint Operation Command is still meeting .
So the dictatorship is still here and will crush the opposition , including Tsvangirai , when the time is right , when it feels that it has gone over the hill .
Lance :
And what about Tsvangirai and the MDC , what do you think they are seeking to benefit from this arrangement ?
Gwisai : Well I think they are just naive ... Tsvangirai [ argues ] , as he did when he was recently on his Western trip , that things have fundamentally changed in Zimbabwe .
Now I think for most of the leadership of the MDC , many of them are tired , exhausted , some are just outright rank opportunists who are prepared to make their bed out of this new arrangement .
But in terms of the ordinary people of the MDC , of the opposition , I believe that obviously there was an element of that tiredness and exhaustion but I think that to continue trusting and for them to continue putting complete faith in their leadership would be disastrous .
I think that for the ordinary people of Zimbabwe in the opposition , they must take the slight opening up of democratic space that is there now , including the current constitutional process , to reorganise , rebuild in order to take , head on , this dictatorship .
I think a united people of Zimbabwe , especially from the ordinary people , fighting from a working people 's perspective , centred on bread and butter issues , can in fact take on and defeat the Mugabe regime .
Lance : Now Mr Gwisai , a lot of people are curious , you are a former member of the MDC and people would want to know is there is any chance of you rejoining the party ?
Gwisai :
Well not necessarily in the immediate but what brought us together I think is also what still can allow us to work together .
The desire and goal of fighting the dictatorship in Zimbabwe and the fight for democracy in particular , the democracy that would make ordinary people have better lives as opposed to the elite , and that is what we are doing in the constitutional process .
More so that the MDC leadership has now come out renouncing the Kariba Draft and we are going to be ready to work with them in that process as long as they are fighting the dictatorship and as long as we are saying the many fronts on which to fight .
What matters is that our goal remains one of fighting for a people - based democracy against a dictatorship by Mugabe and by the capitalists .
Lance : That ’s Mr Munyaradzi Gwisai joining us on Behind the Headlines .
Mr Gwisai , thank you so much for joining us .
Gwisai : No , thanks a lot , Lance .
Promotion
Azadpura is a village in Bundelkhand region .
This area faces acute water scarcity and one problem that the women faced was a faulty well which required urgent repairing .
The women aired this problem on Radio Bundelkhand and within four days the concerned authority replaced the missing wheel of the well .
This is the power of Radio Bundelkhand , an initiative of Development Alternatives .
Community Radio for facilitating dialogue and interactive communication
The purpose of setting up Radio Bundelkhand , as identified with the help of our communities in the radius of the radio station , is to work along with them to use this communication medium to create awareness , give information , participate in local self governance and provide entertainment – all based on requests and feedback from the community .
The audience includes the communities in the radius of the broadcast range – with special attention to women , youth and the marginalised groups .
The community and DA , jointly manage the station .
There are five community reporters and six community coordinators .
The villages these reporters represent are Azadpura , Ramnagar , Sitapur , Basova , Bagan , Bhagwantpur , Ghatao , Jamuniya , Gujerra Kalan , Mathrapur and Ghatao .
There is also a Management Committee comprising the Sarpanch ( elected village - head ) of Basova Village , doctors , farmers and Self Help Group members .
Until now , Radio Bundelkhand has the longest duration of programming of four hours a day , seven days a week , in Bundelkhandi and Hindi amongst the government licensed community radio stations in India .
The Government of India has given licenses to several NGOs throughout India to start community radios in their project areas .
DA is one of the first to set up such a radio with the communities it has been serving for more than two decades in the Bundelkhand region .
The communities have decided that they would like information related to employment and livelihood opportunities , development of women , girl ’s education , legal rights , farmers ’ issues , training , their culture and history , how to ensure the availability of basic infrastructure such as water , energy and roads , development issues , and any other information sought by the communities .
The broadcast timings in the morning and evening have been selected by the communities , with the women preferring the morning and the men the evening .
Programming Content on Radio Bundelkhand
Vandana – Devotional songs broadcast every morning .
Khet Khaliyan –
It includes the Jhansi Mandi ( unorganized market ) prices for farmers so that community gets all the information related to agricultural products .
Bundelkhand Radio also
broadcasts discussions about agriculture issues like how to protect seeds , crops & vegetables
from insects .
Experts answer question asked by the farmers .
Bal Bandhu – Especially for school - going children .
Moral stories , poems and jokes by school
children are included .
Story telling through the Radio Jockeys is also a part of this programme .
Bundelo harbolo ke–
This is about the Freedom Fighters of Bundelkhand .
Stories of the freedom fighters & songs related to freedom fighters are also broadcast .
Aas Paas –
In this programme Bundelkhand Radio broadcasts information on Right to
Information ( RTI ) and any other problem .
Mere Bundeli Mere Geet – is a listener ’s programme in which they get the opportunity to listen to their choice of songs .
Amma ke Chauki Se –
In this programme community women give their ideas on home receipes and step by step instructions for preparing the dish .
Nuskhe Nani Dadi Ke –
In this programme older woman give tips on using home remedies or
Desi nuskhe for common ailments and diseases .
Also , give tips of using simple home remedies and alternative herbal medicine , available from the average kitchen shelf .
Radio Drama – On every Sunday Bundelkhand Radio broadcasts a radio drama .
In this
programme reporters discuss an issue and convey the messages related to social issues like
dowry , female foeticide , importance of education etc .
Sathin – Sathin is a special programme for women .
Women from the community tell their story .
They discuss the struggle in their lives and success story too .
These women also share their
feelings what they want or wish for themselves .
Chhotou Kam Badou Munafou –
This programme is for those people who want to do small business .
Small entrepreneurs give tips to take up small business .
The programming , based on issues and content identified by the communities , is broadcast in the formats which they have preferred , that include the use of traditional Bundelkhandi songs , folk music and nataks , discussions , reports , commodity prices , phone-ins , experts speak , coverage of events in villages , jokes and satire , listeners ’ letters and feedback .
The Wireless Operating License was issued on July 31st , 2008 and the first transmission took place on August 15 2008 with the broadcast of the national anthem .
Meanwhile the selected community reporters were trained over three months and a woman from Sitapur village inaugurated the station on the eve of Diwali .
Community radio broadcasting / narrowcasting has allowed the rural poor to develop their communication in a language they understand .
Community radio fosters debate on issues , facilitates access to government , decision - making and helps community members to organise themselves and evolve to manage their own affairs .
Radio Budelkhand is characterised by its signature tune and jingles which declare that it is “ Apna Radio Apni Baatein ” – Our radio Our conversations .
Promotion
Reaching our communities
The reach of the community radio is in a wide range of approximately 5 - 10 kms and 25 villages with a population of 15000 in the coverage area that are benefiting through the infotainment - based programmes .
So far , Radio Bundelkhand radio has penetrated to the rural communities settled in and around TARAgram Orchha like the villages of Gundrai , Chandravan , Bagan , Orchcha , Sitapur , Azadpura , Lachmanpura .
The targeted beneficiaries are the marginalised and poorest with special emphasis on women and the unemployed youth who are the most vulnerable but also the potential change - makers .
By selecting women community reporters , marginalised community reporters in an average age group of 20 we hope to reach them better .
The Management Committee also has a woman self - help group head .
DA aims to ensure the participation of local people for the programming , broadcast and management of the station by the community itself .
The above article was written by Indira Mansingh , Chief Advisor , Development Alternatives .
Thank you Purnima Gupta for sending this across !
Previous article of Development Alternatives – Click here .
Reddit Alien Soap ! Reddit Alien Soap
Price : $ 12.50 Now only $ 10.00 !! -
The Reddit Aliens are back in stock and at a lower price !
We also changed the coloring a tad , to improve the quality of the soaps , as well as added many new colors and flavors SCENTS !
( Do not attempt to eat Reddit Alien Soaps , while they smell delicious , they are not edible ! )
See the video below for an example .
Enjoy ! :)
Check it out !
The Reddit Alien soaps are back and they are even more awesome than before !
Three fragrances ?
Try 7 , In fact , we have a whole rainbow of Reddit Alien soaps now !
Raspberry ( neon red )
Sadly , the Reddit Alien is not wearing a beret
Orange ( neon orange )
The classic Orangered you all know and love
Lemon ( neon yellow )
There is nothing sour about this one
Green Apple ( neon green )
So fresh you will think it fell out of a tree and hit you on the head !
Intergalactic Spice ( neon blue )
Yep , it 's blue and smells deeply of Cinnamon .
You can figure this one out .
Chocolate Fudge ( neon pink )
It 's the cute pink one , it 's not indigo but we still think it fits nicely in the rainbow
Grape ( neon purple )
Just like your favorite grape gum , you just can't blow bubbles with it Oh wait , we almost forgot ..
Bacon ( the classic light blue )
Yeah , it smells like bacon .
We could never get rid of this !
Ok , so we lied , the Reddit Alien Rainbow contains 8 different Aliens .
Buy them individually , or buy the entire set for a small discount !
These are still 10 oz of soap .
They will still last forever .
Not like Everlasting Gobstopper forever , but a long time .
Ish . ** Reddit receives a percentage of each sale !
The Reddit Alien ( owned by Conde Nast Digital ) was used with permission from Reddit and Conde Nast .
Find even more reddit - branded goods at their store !
( Discount coupons do not include reddit alien or envelope soaps )
h/t to Christian Dem in NC
This is an outrageous story , but true .
The realm of the ill equipt , manufactured , poorly made Chinese products running rampant in this country is unbelievable .
Now , you can't even have a decent night sleep without the following .
Officials are looking into claims that Chinese - made drywall installed in some Florida homes is emitting smelly , corrosive gases and ruining household systems such as air conditioners , the Consumer Product Safety Commission says .
The Florida Health Department , which is investigating whether the drywall poses any health risks , said it has received more than 140 homeowner complaints .
And class - action lawsuits allege defective drywall has caused problems in at least three states -- Florida , Louisiana and Alabama -- while some attorneys involved claim such drywall may have been used in tens of thousands of U.S. homes .
Homeowners ' lawsuits contend the drywall has caused them to suffer health problems such as headaches and sore throats and face huge repair expenses .
The drywall is alleged to have high levels of sulfur and , according to homeowners ' complaints , the sulfur - based gases smell of rotten eggs and corrode piping and wiring , causing electronics and appliances to fail .
" It 's economically devastating , and it 's emotionally devastating , " said Florida attorney Ervin A. Gonzalez , who filed one of the lawsuits .
It would cost a third of an affected home 's value to fix the dwelling , Gonzalez said .
" The interior has to be gutted , the homeowners have to continue paying mortgages , and they have to pay for a [ temporary ] place to live , " Gonzalez said .
[ snip ]
Dick and Nancy Nelson , who say the Florida retirement home they bought new in 2006 has Chinese - manufactured drywall , contend all their appliances with copper are failing , according to CNN affiliate WFTS - TV .
" The washing machine , the dryer , the microwave , a refrigerator -- these are all brand - new appliances , and they 're breaking down , " Nancy Nelson of Palmetto told the Tampa station .
The Nelsons are among those who have complained to the state health department .
In a neighborhood in Homestead , Florida , owners of homes with Chinese - manufactured drywall say the dwellings smell like rotten eggs , especially on humid days , according to CNN affiliate WPLG - TV .
Electronics and appliances with copper components stopped working in short order , and copper pipes and wiring turned black , homeowners told the Miami station .
" My dream has turned into a nightmare , " one of the homeowners , Felix Martinez , told WPLG - TV .
He said he closed on the home in August 2006 .
Wow , the elected officials of this country really care about us , the constituents .
There have been millions of complaints about everything China and in some instances horrific side effects because of their products , China is still allowed to pimp , push , prod and get their products into this country .
We , the taxpayer end up holding the bag repeatedly .
When is this country going to say enough to China ?
Oh , that 's right , they own too much of our paper , debt , so we talk with a big stick but walk softly around China .
But the technical leap is not the only reason for high prices .
Traditionally , hearing aids have been sold through professionals who also fit and adjust the devices as part of the overall cost .
The system , however , leaves room for plenty of inept or even greedy providers to take the reins .
That ’s why choosing an audiologist or hearing aid technician can be just as important as choosing the aid itself .
What follows is advice on how to do just that  as well for finding financial help when purchasing hearing aids .
SHOP FOR THE PROVIDER .
No matter how state of the art your hearing aid may be , Ms. Hamlin says , if it is not properly programmed and adjusted it will not do you any good .
Ms. Kasewurm , the audiologist , says two people with the same degree of hearing loss will process sound differently depending on the cause of the hearing diminishment and how long the problem has gone untreated .
That makes it difficult to buy the right hearing aid over the counter or through the Internet .
Most hearing aids are sold by an audiologist or a hearing instrument specialist .
Audiologists have a doctorate , but not a medical degree , while instrument specialists go through a training program and an apprenticeship .
Sometimes a hearing aid center will employ both types of professionals .
Your ear , nose and throat medical specialist may have an audiologist on staff who will dispense hearing aids .
The Hearing Loss Association of America provides a good checklist for anyone purchasing a hearing aid and looking for a good dispenser .
In addition , the American Academy of Audiologists lists providers by locale .
WHAT TO ASK BEFORE YOU BUY .
¶ Do you sell a wide range of products ?
Your dispenser should sell every style of hearing aid , including behind - the - ear open fit , behind - the - ear with ear mold , inside the ear and inside the ear canal .
That way you will have a better chance of finding the type that works best and is most comfortable for you .
A trench that was cut through collapsed mud bricks and the compacted debris of buildings leveled centuries ago is revealing a dusty scene of roof - topped streets in ancient Amheida , a city marooned on an oasis deep in Egypt ’s western desert .
The latest in a chain of archaeological discoveries in a site that dates back at least 5,000 years , the covered streets are a glimpse into rural life under the Egyptian sun .
At Amheida , archaeologists led by Roger Bagnall at New York University have sifted through the remains of a settlement far removed from the thoroughfares of the Nile Valley .
The site is in the Dakhleh Oasis , 500 miles ( 800 kilometers ) from Cairo and 185 miles ( 300 kilometers ) from Luxor , a religious and political hub of ancient Egypt .
The archaeological work has yielded a treasure trove of art and writing .
Through this rural lens , archaeologists are shifting their notions of education in ancient Egypt during the Greek and Roman empires .
And they have noticed deep connections between powerful central governments and the outposts in the oases .
Bagnall described the latest discoveries at a conference in Manhattan last month .
First glimmer of Egyptian culture The Dakhleh Oasis stretches several hundred square miles below a barren escarpment , hedged by the dunes of the eastern Sahara that roll to its edges .
The sand contrasts with the farms and the cattle - grazed meadows within .
Wine , olives and dates remain important to the economy for the 75,000 residents of the oasis today .
People settled in Dakhleh at least 5,000 years ago during the Neolithic period , the twilight of the Stone Age as agriculture began to catch on .
At that time , the climate was wetter and residents were surrounded not by a desert , but a savanna .
Bagnall suspects that Egypt 's first farmers may have worked in the oasis before agriculture arrived in the Nile Valley .
“ They may well have contributed something to the development of Egypt before the time of the pharaohs , ” Bagnall said .
The early settlers of the oasis cultivated figs , dates and , later , olive groves and littered the site with pits .
They were expert vintners , as well , likely producing finer wines than those available in the Nile Valley , in part because they could control the irrigation .
Until the 19th century , those who lived in the oases may also have been the sole producers of cotton in the Roman period , a luxury at the time .
“ They were always , in some sense , peripheral or marginal , ” Bagnall said .
“ But they were important sources of things people could n't produce in the [ Nile ] Valley . ”
By the time the Greeks and then the Romans conquered the region , excavated statues and paintings suggest that Amheida followed the dominant culture in lockstep .
In spite of their geographic isolation , they were fully integrated in the Roman world , Bagnall said , displaying the same art and mythology found throughout the Roman Empire .
The surprising quality of education Scholars have thought that schools in Roman Egypt were chintzy affairs , often with just one teacher who held forth to a handful of students and charged their parents for his effort .
“ I always laugh because they were exactly like the teachers now .
They were kind of looked down upon . ” said Raffaella Cribiore , a classics professor at Columbia University in New York .
Today , like then , teachers are paid little , she explained .
But the denigration of the profession cut even deeper centuries ago .
“ If someone said your father is a teacher , it was a common slur , it was really an offense , ” she said .
The school room that archaeologists uncovered at Amheida lent a different perspective .
Divided into three rooms lined with benches for more than 50 students , it more closely resembled today 's formal institutions .
Students were segregated by subject and age , and the teacher ’s lessons were scrawled on the walls , which were treated like blackboards at the time .
What remains of that writing has caught Cribiorre ’s attention .
" There you have a poem written on the wall in the column in red ink .
The poem speaks of rhetoric .
It says , ' come on , get up , get to work , ' " she explained .
" It 's encouragement from a teacher of rhetoric to his students .
But it 's all poetry .
In Greek . "
Scholars had thought that rhetoric , not poetry , was taught in Roman Egyptian schools .
The schools churned out politicians and bureaucrats , aristocratic young men destined for leadership .
Prior to the find , Cribiore had suspected that they might also have learned poetry , and this confirmed it .
The teacher had written his lessons in verse , showing that schools from the period were more formal than once believed .
Brasso and sagging stairs
The archaeologists at Amheida apply dental tools , Brasso metal polish and gentler chemicals to hundreds of Roman coins and sift through millions of potsherds , sorting and drawing some of them for records .
" You can learn a lot from pottery , " said Jen Thum , an undergraduate student from Barnard College who accompanied Bagnall early this year .
They can help date a site , for example , or a concentration of them in one spot is a telltale sign of an ancient kitchen .
Like many of the oasis ' residents ,
Thum lived in a mud - brick house , ate variants of falafel called tameya and watch televised soccer games .
The walls of her borrowed home cracked and the earthen staircase sagged during an especially intense rain storm this year .
It 's a quirk of excavation in the rural oases .
Bagnall and his team continue to piece together this oblique perspective on ancient Egypt .
Still on the docket are the hunt for a church , and the exploration of large , buried cemeteries .
Willie McGinest has competition if he wants to fill the “ Old dude that saves the day ” role on the Patriots defense this Fall .
In an interview with XX 1090 in San Diego , Junior Seau indicated he ’ll be available if the Patriots need his services during the NFL season .
“ I ’ll definitely look at it at the end of October or November .
Let ’s put it that way . ”
Unlike McGinest ,
Seau does n’t sound interested in showing up for training camp or the beginning of the season .
He ’s too busy surfing .
The Patriots must hope that they do n’t need to call either player .
While it ’s a luxury to have quality veterans available who know their system , a call is only necessary if injuries strike .
Karlheinz Schreiber has surrendered himself to the Toronto West Detention Centre .
He arrived at around 4:45 p.m. , exiting a taxi and declaring to reporters that they had just witnessed the " biggest political justice scandal in history . "
He is to be deported to Germany as early as tomorrow , after a judge this afternoon dismissed his appeal of a surprise extradition order .
" Mr. Schreiber has travelled a long road in fighting his extradition to Germany , " said Judge Barbara Ann Conway in handing down the ruling .
" He is now at the end of that road . "
It has been almost 10 years since Schreiber started fighting his extradition .
He was served with an order to surrender by Justice Department officials Friday evening .
Speaking at a snap hearing at the 361 University courthouse earlier this afternoon , Schreiber 's counsel , Ed Greenspan , said the timing of the order was a deliberate attempt on the part of Federal Minister of Justice Rob Nicholson to ensure Schreiber 's extradition will take place before he had a chance to file an application of judicial review .
" To be served Friday night at 5:10 p.m. on a long weekend ... is unfair ... devious ... and unnecessary .
It 's a purposeful attempt to make sure Mr. Schreiber will have no recourse on his extradition to Germany , " Greenspan told the court .
Crown prosecutor Richard Kramer argued that the timing of the minister 's order is inconsequential and that Schreiber must satisfy three conditions in the eyes of the court to avoid extradition .
First , he had to prove his extradition is a serious issue that must be tried .
In the past and again today , Greenspan had argued that the Canada - Germany extradition treaty was invalid .
Kramer disagreed .
Second , said Kramer , Schreiber has to prove he faces irreparable harm if extradited to Germany .
Greenspan argued that imminent jail time should be considered harmful .
Kramer countered that Germany practices high standards of human rights and due process .
Third , Kramer said , Schreiber had to win the balance of convenience .
Greenspan asked the court what difference a judicial review lasting less than a week would make to the court .
Kramer suggested Schreiber has already had 10 years to fight extradition .
Schreiber was not able to say exactly when he 'll be extradited , and numerous attempts to contact the Ministry of Justice have gone unanswered .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
He did say , however , that he has big news to share with the Canadian media .
" But I have to be careful at the moment , " he said .
Read more about :
Well , it seems like a possibility and if so that would potentially blow a hole in the smartphone market which is currently the preserve of high - end handsets like the iPhone .
I noticed an item on the TalkAndroid website reporting on a comment Samsung product development manager Casey Ryan made to the New York Times .
“ By next year , ” he said , “ touch - screen phones , with full Web browsers running the Android operating system will be available for well under $ 100 . ”
I assume this refers to a pay - as - you - go price for the basic handset without a contract .
As you can already get a free G1 from T - Mobile on a 18 month contract .
This would represent a signficiant price fall for this class of smartphone and would potentially be very competitive in the market .
We ’ve received a report that Rep. Henry Waxman ( D - CA ) was taken this afternoon to Cedars - Sinai hospital in Los Angeles .
We contacted Waxman ’s office in order to confirm the story .
A source in the office confirmed to us that the Congressman was n’t feeling well today , and went to a hospital for what were described as routine checks .
Further details were not immediately available , and the source was unable to confirm which hospital Waxman was taken to .
( ed.note : Additional reporting by Eric Kleefeld . )
Police say firefighter Charles Diez was upset that a man was riding a bike with his 3 - year - old son on a busy street so shot the cyclist in the head .
The bullet embedded itself in the rider 's helmet .
Diez was arrested on attempted first degree murder charges , but lucky for him the fire department in Asheville , NC is keeping him on paid investigative leave , so he will continue to draw a salary .
Asheville Firefighter Shot Bicyclist — Officers Say Pair Argued Over Child Safety
The price of oil is much lower that it was a few months ago but there are still opportunities for working overseas in the oil and gas industry .
Rig workers are paid more overseas and in some cases make twice as much as domestic oil and gas workers .
Usually oil and gas companies are looking for more experienced workers but occasionally will hire less experienced workers for locations that are not as desirable .
There is a small element of danger while working in certain countries , such as Columbia , Nigeria and other areas where revolutionary forces are at odds with the ruling government about the distribution of oil and gas revenue , however the dangers are often mitigated by oil company policies such as security guards and other procedures .
The Advantages and Disadvantages of Working Overseas In the Oilfield
In addition to the small danger of rebel attack or kidnapping that exists in some areas of the world , there are infectious diseases such as malaria that must be understood and prepared for .
All major oil companies will require workers to be immunized against all of the major infectious diseases including hepatitis .
Anti malaria medication may be required for some companies for work in tropical regions such as South America and Africa .
One of the biggest disadvantages of working overseas are the long commutes .
You may have to make several airline connections and spend a couple of days in transit to reach an oil rig in a far flung part of the world .
This may include several hours in a crew boat or helicopter or small plane once you arrive in country .
Overseas oil rigs usually rotate workers on a thirty day schedule .
You may be home for thirty days and at work for thirty .
This schedule applies to rig workers , who work for the drilling company .
Other employees of service companies , such as mud engineers and mudloggers may stay on the job until it is finished , even if it is several months in duration .
How to Find An Overseas Oil Rig Job
If you have prior oilfield experience search sites like Rigzone and Texas Oilfield Jobs for links and job postings about offshore jobs .
If you do not have any prior oilfield experience you should take a personal inventory of your strengths and weaknesses and what oilfield jobs your skills may be transferable to .
For a list of the kinds of different oilfield jobs see Kinds Of Oilfield Jobs and try to find one that you are qualified for .
If you possess trade skills , such as welding and electrical , you may find a job on an offshore rig in that area .
The lowest paid oilfield workers , who do odd jobs , are known as roustabouts .
Most often roustabouts are hired from workers in the country where the drilling is being done , but in some cases they are brought in from overseas .
Once you have identified the kind of oilfield job that you may qualify for , get a good resume together .
Indicate in your cover letter any experience you have working abroad , if any , and your willingness to travel .
If you have good insurance , get all of the inoculations that you can that may be needed and indicate this in your resume as well .
Brush up on basic phrases in different foreign languages , such as Spanish , and indicate this in your resume as well .
Getting an overseas oilfield job can be a challenge , but if you are determined and willing to go the extra mile you will find that it can be a very financially rewarding career path .
The famed classical economist Thomas Malthus once said : “ The power of population is indefinitely greater than the power in the earth to produce subsistence for man .
Population , when unchecked , increases in a geometrical ratio .
Subsistence increases only in an arithmetical ratio .
A slight acquaintance with numbers will show the immensity of the first power in comparison with the second . ”
With the world population at 7 billion , it is difficult to question the insight of this 19th century philosopher - economist .
But even Malthus could n’t have predicted the environment of the early 21st century .
Looking at population figures from the history of human history , one indeed observes exponential growth .
The total population of the world in 1500 was about 500 million .
In roughly 1800 , the world ’s population was 1 billion , it did n’t double again for another 130 years , in 1930 .
44 years later , in 1974 , we had hit 4 billion .
It only took 25 more years to add another 2 billion .
Those readers who have a “ slight acquaintance with numbers ” will realize that these numbers are fairly consistent with models for exponential growth .
So are we ultimately doomed to having our numbers controlled only by disease , famine , or warfare ?
In a word – no .
To understand this , we need to examine a concept called the “ logistical growth model ” .
When observing the population of just about anything except humans , scientists noticed that initially , when resources were plentiful , the growth rate is exponential .
Eventually , resources become scarce , and the growth slows down and eventually stops .
This can be modeled by the differential equation :
basically means “ the rate of population growth over time ” , r is a constant which defines the growth rate and K is the “ carrying capacity ” or the maximum population that can be sustained .
Let ’s think this through – at the start , when N ( the population ) is small relative to the carrying capacity , is a small number .
This means that is a value close to 1 .
So the rN dominates .
The solution to is simply – exponential growth .
When N approaches the carrying capacity K , becomes a value close to 1 , so goes to 0 making the whole thing go to zero – growth stops .
Perhaps a graph would be instructive at this point :
I ’ve been very lazy here , this is the graph of ( because it was easy to plot ) .
The actual solution to the equation above is ( where is the initial population ) which would put different numbers on the axes but can easily be shown to have the same shape .
The carrying capacity can be limited by any number of things such as the amount of available food , the amount of available space , and so on .
Curiously , while the overall trend of global population does n’t appear to follow this curve ( or at least seems to only be following this curve as far as the initial stages are concerned ) there are some countries that do follow this curve .
Moreover , these countries are the developed countries which are nowhere near pushing the boundaries of their carrying capacity ( measured in food / space consumption vs production ) .
When we think about this , it does n’t seem to make sense – the growth levels off because of a scarcity of resources , yet it is in the developing countries where the resources are scarce , while in developed countries resources are plentiful .
Why this apparent paradox ?
Put simply , the paradox is a result of our ability to use our brains to plan our lives .
That is not to say that people living in developing countries lack this ability , but because they are poorer , they do n’t have the luxury of being able to exercise this ability .
When a country is wealthy , the life expectancy of its citizens generally increases .
When life expectancy is good , parents do n’t feel the need to have lots of children because there is a much higher chance that they will survive to adulthood .
Wealthier countries also tend to be more urbanized , resulting not only in space constraints , but also in a diminished need for “ farm hands ” – a typical role for the offspring of families living in rural areas .
In addition , better education and empowerment of women also contributes to a lower birth rate .
If we were just like all the other animals , we would do what most other animals do when they ’re bored – kill each other and make babies – both very easy paths to short term gain ( and long term ruin ) , but thanks to our brains we can see past that ( at least most of the time ) .
However , it is precisely these brains that may lead to our own undoing .
Obviously , Malthus underestimated our ability to control our own population well before we hit our carrying capacity ceiling .
He also underestimated our ability to dramatically increase our food production ( although we ’re not doing it in a very sustainable way – more on that later ) .
Despite many predictions , globally we still produce far more food than we consume , although food distribution follows income distribution and that is obviously lacking .
Of course , just because we are able to control our population before we hit our carrying capacity ceiling does n’t mean that we will .
The most optimistic projections estimate that the world population will level off at about 9 billion people , other predictions have that number as high as 12 billion , which does n’t look like that much more on a graph , but is actually a very significant difference .
While some argue ( and I disagree ) that we are already past carrying capacity , there is certainly a strong case that 9 billion will be pushing it , and 12 billion will almost certainly be over it .
If this really is the case though , if the logistical model is to be believed , should n’t we already be seeing a dramatic leveling - off of populations across the board and not just in developed countries ?
The reason that this has n’t happened is because there is significant lag between the depletion of resources and the response resulting from it .
An example I like to use to illustrate this is fish because it is easy to understand and the time - frame in which things happen in the fish example is easy enough for the average person to grasp .
Let ’s just say for the sake of illustration that there are only two things that matter in our hypothetical earth – humans and fish .
Humans eat fish .
The amount of fish eaten is directly proportional to the number of humans .
If the human demand for fish exceeds the amount of fish that there is , the human population will decline .
Obviously , if the human population declines enough , the demand for fish will decrease and the fish will be able to replenish their numbers .
For simplicity ’s sake , we will assume that the fish population follows the general pattern of the logistic function discussed previously .
The human population also follows this pattern but the carrying capacity is not a fixed value , but is determined by the number of fish .
What happens ?
Well , it depends .
What does it depend on ?
It depends on the growth rate , or more accurately , the ratio of the growth rate of humans to fish .
If the growth rate of the fish is very large compared to humans , the number of humans climbs steadily as the number of fish declines slowly and they eventually reach equilibrium .
The number of fish , and the number of fish that each individual human eats will obviously change all the numbers , but the shape of the graph would remain the same .
What is basically happening , mathematically is , that means rate of growth of fish is the same as the rate of growth of humans ( and this “ rate ” of growth happens to be zero ) .
The reason it is zero is simple – if the number of humans was growing , the number of fish would decline , the growth of the number of fish is limited by carrying capacity for fish , and the growth of the number of humans is limited by the number of fish .
Easy .
If the growth rates for fish and humans are much closer , one of two things can happen .
The populations initially react very quickly to each other , but they eventually even out and reach equilibrium .
The key thing to remember here is that we are solving the same equations , the only thing that has changed is the constant that tells us how quickly each of the populations can grow .
If we tip the ratio just slightly so that ratio that humans can grow relative to the fish is a tiny bit higher , then the following happens :
It does n’t take a genius to figure out what ’s going on here .
I do n’t want to sound too alarmist , but this is precisely what is happening .
Our rate of population growth may be slowing ever so slightly , but our rate of consumption ( which is what actually matters here ) is still increasing at an alarming rate .
Now I do n’t want people to start thinking that I have objections to eating fish .
I love fish .
But we are simply using our resources much faster than they can be replenished and it will eventually bite us in the arse .
Fish are a particularly good example because the feedback loop is very quick , but we are actually doing the same thing with agriculture as well ( the energy that goes into producing food is now much greater than what we get out of it , more on this later ) .
How do we get the maximum out of our fish stocks ?
If we look at our logistic curve , we see the answer .
For any given amount of fish stock , we need to consume at exactly the rate at which those stocks can be replenished .
Now it remains to figure out when that rate is the highest .
We could go to the trouble of solving the differential equation to find the maximum ( and it is n’t very difficult ) , but looking at the graph is much easier .
By symmetry , the maximum rate of growth occurs at a half of the carrying capacity .
So… everyone just agrees to fish his or her fraction of whatever that sustainable number is , and we ’ll all be fine right ?
Not quite .
Most people are familiar with the prisoner ’s dilemma .
Where the police have caught two suspects but have n’t enough evidence to convict .
They are separated and each offered a deal whereby if they betray the other suspect , and the other suspect remains silent , then they can go free .
The payoff matrix is shown below :
At first glance , the obvious thing to do would be for both to cooperate .
But if you take the view of any of the individuals , you discover that the equilibrium ( indeed , the Nash Equilibrium ) is to defect .
This is because , no matter what the action of the other suspect , you are always better off if you defect .
In game - theory - speak we say that cooperating is strictly dominated by defecting .
What does this have anything to do with fish ?
Everyone can cooperate and limit their catch of fish , which is generally recognized as being the optimal solution .
But if a fisherman decides he wants to fish more … if nobody else does , then that makes it easier for him to fish more fish , if others do and he does n’t , then he loses out because the fish are more difficult to fish because there are fewer of them , and if everyone decides to disregard the limit , then everyone loses .
Since the damage caused by any one individual is shared by everyone , the incentive for that individual not to cause that damage is very easily outweighed by any benefits that the individual might gain – the classic tragedy of the commons .
In part 5 : Energy crunch , subsidies , and money supply
Do n’t forget to read my other articles in the Earth Debate series .
For Women With Pain Disorders , Sex Can Be Excruciating Experience Pain disorders can make sex an excruciating experience -- or just impossible .
Aug. 7 , 2009  --
In the movies and on television , everybody seems to love having sex , but in real life sexual intercourse is an unbearable experience for many women .
For years Chris Veasley , Allison Nugent and Sara Fontaine suffered in silence with an embarrassing secret :
They did not feel pleasure with sex .
Instead , they said , they felt excruciating pain .
For Veasley , 33 , of Providence , R.I. , the unbearable vaginal pain extended beyond sex to everyday activities like walking .
Even light contact from blue jeans could be too agonizing to bear .
" Riding a bike , sitting for long periods and something as light as touching the area with a Q - tip will send women kind of flying off the exam table , " she told ABC News ' Dr. Timothy Johnson .
" The best way to describe it is having sandpaper rubbed on an open wound , " Fontaine said .
But all the women said what 's almost harder than the physical pain is the emotional toll of suffering from such a mysterious condition without a clear diagnosis .
Fontaine , 25 , of New York City said she went to 15 different doctors in a desperate search for answers .
Some of those doctors said it was psychological .
" Having doctors tell you there 's nothing wrong even though you know there 's something wrong , it 's beyond frustrating and it's heartbreaking .
I was either on medicine , in treatment for something that I did n't have or I was being told that ' it 's all in your head , ' " she told ABC News .
Veasley said she also struggled to find a diagnosis .
Remarkably , five years into her relationship with her college sweetheart , Melvin , they still had never had sexual intercourse because it was just too painful for her .
But it did n't stop them from getting married .
The couple said they found other ways to be sexually intimate , but the desperate search for a diagnosis for this inexplicable pain can either pull a couple closer together or tear them apart .
Fontaine and her husband , Afsheen , said their marriage was seriously strained by her mysterious sexual pain .
" All the results are coming back negative and after I would tell him and he would automatically assume it was himm you know , I am not attracted to him anymore , " Fontaine said .
Former Sufferer : Sexual Pain
Is ' Kind of an Assault on Your Ego as a Woman '
The men are n't the only ones doubting themselves .
" Part of what makes you a woman is having female sexual organs and when they 're not working properly , it 's kind of an assault on your ego as a woman , " said Nugent , 34 , of Tacoma Park , Md .
Her pain ended up being an assault on her marriage as well as her ego , she said .
In fact , Nugent said that her pain was largely to blame for the failure of her first marriage .
" It certainly added a tremendous amount of stress to the marriage , " she said .
" Handling a serious illness or a chronic pain condition is difficult , no matter what , but handling a chronic pain condition when nobody can tell you what it is you have or how to treat it is just , you know , beyond the pale . "
Luckily , Nugent was able to find a doctor who could treat her mystifying pain .
Dr. Andrew Goldstein , who runs the Center for Vulvovaginal Disorders in Washington , D.C. , and is a pioneer in the new field of sexual pain disorders , said there are usually real physical reasons why sex is so painful for some women .
" A lot of these problems are actually relatively easy to treat if you know how to evaluate them , " said Goldstein , whose groundbreaking medical textbook , " Female Sexual Pain Disorders , " was published earlier this year .
These problems are by no means rare .
Goldstein said an astounding 20 million American women will suffer from sexual pain disorders at some point in their lives .
Despite this prevalence , help for these disorders is still hard to find .
" I would say that probably only about 30 to 40 physicians in the United States really have extensive training in female sexual pain , " Goldstein said .
This may explain the fact that the average woman with sex pain sees seven different doctors before she gets a diagnosis .
So what are the main causes of sex pain ?
Causes of Sex Pain Vary But Are Easily Treated in Most Cases
Perhaps ironically , the number one cause is birth control pills , Goldstein said .
Birth control pills lower two hormones in the body -- estrogen and testosterone -- and that can lead to dryness and thinness in the vagina , which can lead to pain .
For some women , that pain can be relieved by a simple adjustment to their birth control .
The second leading cause of sex pain is tight pelvic muscles , Goldstein said .
In Fontaine 's case , she received treatment with physical therapist Amy Stein , who she said helped her by stretching and strengthening her tight pelvic muscles .
" I tell patients that it 's similar to neck pain , a neck spasm , but it's in the pelvic floor area and what we have to do is go in and lengthen the muscles , " said Stein , who is one of a handful of physical therapists who specialize in sex pain and has written a book on the topic , " Heal Pelvic Pain . "
Some doctors also use Botox injections to relax the pelvic muscles , allowing physical therapists to stretch them more easily .
According to Goldstein , the third leading cause of sex pain is an overabundance of nerve endings at the opening of the vagina .
Though it 's small , this postage stamp - sized area can generate a lot of pain , he said .
All three women -- Fontaine , Nugent and Veasley -- had this nerve problem .
Fontaine said she found relief with some hormonal cream that soothed her nerve endings .
" I am able to have intercourse now , finally , and it's not painful , " she said .
Nugent and Veasley both had minor procedures to remove the nerve endings .
This simple , out - patient surgery -- known as a vestibulecyomy -- cures the problem in 90 percent of the women who have it .
Other causes of sex pain include endometriosis and skin diseases , Goldstein said .
Women Must ' Become Their Own Advocates ' in Fight Against Sex Pain , Says Former Sufferer
Nugent said she is now happily remarried and , thanks to the surgery , was able to conceive and give birth this spring to a baby boy named James .
" It 's important to get treatment and to talk to your doctor about it , but if your doctor does n't believe you have a problem , then it 's important to talk to someone who does understand the problem , " she said .
Like Nugent , Veasley said she is deeply grateful that she found an answer to her problems .
" I feel fortunate to have found an answer for my pain , espcially because so many women do not , " she said .
" Those seven agonizing years compelled me to use my experience to help other women in pain . "
She now works as the associate executive director for the National Vulvodynia Association , an organization created to improve the lives of individuals affected by vulvodynia , a spectrum of chronic vulvar pain disorders .
She said she has made educating other women and medical professionals about vulvar pain her vocation .
" It is so important for women to educate themselves , become their own advocates and most importantly , to never give up hope , " she said .
After years without sexual intercourse together , Veasley said she and her husband have been able to enjoy pain - free sex for more than eight years now , and the living proof of that is their two daughters , appropriately named Grace and Faith .
To find a doctor in your area who specializes in the treatment of pelvic pain , click here .
For more information on vulvodynia and sexual pain disorders , click here or here .
For information on physical therapy for sexual pain disorders , click here .
August 25th , 2009 by Jeff Simmermon
I took this photo on the uptown A train this morning — there ’s really not a lot else that can be said :
Her t- shirt reads ( for Google purposes ) : “ I am having an out of money experience . ”
MIAMI ( Reuters ) - A Walt Disney
World employee died on Sunday in a collision of monorail trains carrying tourists at the theme - park complex in central Florida , according to a theme park spokeswoman .
The futuristic elevated trains collided near the entrance to the sprawling resort ’s Magic Kingdom park around 2 a.m. Eastern time , according to spokeswoman Zoraya Suarez .
Details of injuries were not immediately available , she said , though local media reported no tourists were seriously injured .
The cause of the crash was being investigated , according to local police .
Disney World , a unit of the Walt Disney Co , has closed the monorail system used to carry tourists to parks and hotels , but otherwise was operating normally , according to Suarez and Mike Griffin , a vice president at the resort .
We could not have been more pleased
We will definitely use their talents again .
We could not have been more pleased
We will definitely use their talents again
We will definitely use their talents again
Lou Vasselli
Versions 1.0 , 2.0 and 3.0 of our automotive editions of " You 're Doing It Wrong " proved to be such hits we decided time 's right for " You 're Doing It Wrong " Version 4.0 !
Advertisement
The bottomless pit that is the Carpocalypse has brought us more bad news than we ever thought possible , so rather than sit and mope about the crappy automotive climate and your lost 401K , join us for a few minutes of painful irony thanks to our nomadic web hunting friends at Motive Mag . [ TCL ]
Also , remember to catch up on Part One , Part Two and Part Three .
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 " 8 K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
A UAV , such as Boeing 's upcoming stealth Phantom Ray , will probably be the conveyance of choice , because it can fly into enemy territory without risking a pilot 's life .
This raises a challenge for powering the instrument , Schamiloglu says .
Although a UAV 's small engine could provide some power , it will take high - capacity batteries to produce the gigawatt microwave pulses .
Torres will say that he expects a prototype to be ready for flight tests in 2012 , during which his team will adjust the beam to ensure that it inflicts damage only on the target .
Jen Tran serves a customer at Cafe Lu in Santa Ana , Calif. , which specializes in coffees , teas and smoothies .
Enlarge By Robert Hanashiro , USA TODAY Dustin Jorgensen , 21 , is a regular at Garden Grove , Calif . 's Cafe di Vang II where Southeast Asian women serve coffee , tea and fruit smoothies .
GARDEN GROVE , Calif .  Even as Starbucks shutters stores , some coffee shops in Southern California 's Little Saigon are booming with a formula that seems to defy recession .
They are serving up strong Vietnamese brew , delivered to tables by young women in bikinis , spandex , fishnet sarongs or lingerie , displaying bountiful skin and cleavage .
Lots and lots of cleavage .
PHOTO GALLERY : A coffee shop formula for success " I think it 's kind of like Starbucks meets Hooters , " says Tina Nguyen , 19 , a waitress at Café Lu , who was exposing a bare midriff between tight Lakers jersey and black micro-mini tube skirt .
Like all the six to eight servers on duty at any time , she was teetering on 6 - inch platform , stiletto - heeled shoes of clear plastic .
She paused to chat and laugh with customers as she delivered $ 5 servings of thick , sweet iced coffee and refilled bottomless glasses of weak iced tea .
Customers are overwhelmingly male and largely Vietnamese Americans , although men of all ethnicities find their way into Café Lu or one of its many nearby competitors .
Ten large TVs line the walls , tuned to sports and cable news .
Customers such as James La play Chinese checkers and talk with friends at 40 or more tables .
" It 's kind of like a bikini bar , almost , " says La , 36 , a recent medical school graduate .
" It 's unique .
I do n't think other cultures have this . "
Indeed , while risqué coffee shops have been tried elsewhere , and bars that display ample amounts of the female form are commonplace , the mixture of eye candy and coffee seems to have taken hold like nowhere else here in the nation 's largest Vietnamese community .
Natalie Nguyen , 36 , owner of Café Lu , says the concept has been popular for more than two decades in an area that became a magnet for Vietnamese refugees after the fall of Saigon in 1975 .
In recent times , she says , more competitors have opened .
She estimates there are 50 to 60 such places in this area of Orange County outside Los Angeles .
Like her competitors , Nguyen 's café does n't serve alcohol or food .
Nguyen ( pronounced WIN ) is a common name in the Vietnamese community .
Five of six waitresses at Café Lu one day shared the surname but were not related .
Love of coffee is something Vietnamese immigrants brought with them , the owner says , as is entrepreneurial zeal .
Nguyen arrived in the U.S. at 16 and at 17 was a coffee waitress .
By 18 , she opened her own shop .
Some may find the concept offensive , servers acknowledge .
Some women have n't told their parents exactly what their job is .
" I was scared at first to tell them , " says Natalie Tran , 21 , who has been a server for three years .
" Most Vietnamese parents are kind of strict . "
Police have not detected any funny business .
Police departments in three cities with jurisdiction over parts of Little Saigon — Westminster , Santa Ana and Garden Grove — say the coffee shops are n't a big source of concern or complaints , though gang fights and gambling arrests were seen years ago .
" Overall , ours ( coffee shops ) are very low on our radar as far as a concern , " Westminster Police Sgt. Dan Schoonmaker says .
Daniel Nguyen , pastor at Calvary Chapel Living Water of Little Saigon church , says he does n't like the shops but says the community is OK with them because they make money .
" I feel sorry for them , that they feel they have to do what they do . " he says .
" I think it 's very inappropriate . "
Hoa -Nhien Vu , who publishes a Little Saigon blog , Bolsavik.com , ( a word play on Bolsa Avenue , the main street in the community ) says an almost Victorian prudishness in the older generation of Vietnamese Americans is coupled with a tolerant , boys - will - be - boys attitude toward businesses .
" I 've met people who would n't go to those shops , but I do n't think I 've met anyone who is so offended they want the places closed down , " Vu says .
At Café Di Vang II , manager Dan Nguyen ( also not related ) says the shops offer an enjoyable experience at a cheap price .
Even laced with milk and sugar , the coffee is so strong no one can drink more than two , he says , and a $ 5 or $ 10 bill , plus tip , is a bargain for an hour or two of ogling .
In a patio corner , Beverly Hills producer John Wilson and Darko Ostojic , a Croatian - born actor and producer , were holding a business meeting about a film they are producing about vampires in 3 - D .
" Not only do they look great , they are so nice , " Wilson says of the servers .
At Starbucks a few blocks up Euclid Street , the scene is different .
Manager Ann
Hsu says her store is on a list of shops the corporate office may close .
But she does n't see the cafés as competition .
" It 's a different clientele , " says Hsu , 29 .
" You do n't go there for the coffee .
You definitely go there for something else . "
While Starbucks ' baristas get a few bills and change in a jar on the counter , customers at Café Lu may tip $ 5 or more , says customer Sonny Tran , 35 , who brings a laptop computer and works afternoons from the café .
" They 're really generous , " Tina Nguyen says of customers .
Waitresses say they rarely get an inappropriate touch or proposition and laugh off customers who assume too much .
" All we serve is coffee , " Nguyen says .
" It 's not a brothel .
Guys here know their limits . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
One child a week is being murdered in Britain , in cases which echo the horrific death of Baby Peter , because clear warning signs that they live with a potential killer are being ignored or go unreported by key public service workers from police officers to GPs , according to new figures .
An in - depth analysis of the records relating to the deaths of 163 children killed at the hands of a parent or carer in the last five years has shown that thousands of children from babies to 16 are " slipping through the net " of protection measures despite the knowledge that they live in households with a history of domestic abuse , drug problems or where there has been a recent separation – all factors which dramatically increase the risk of murder .
The study shows for the first time the dramatic rise in the number of child homicides over a five - year period , with the number of killings doubling from 28 in 2004 to 56 in 2007 , the year when Baby Peter was killed by his mother , her boyfriend and their lodger .
He sustained more than 50 injuries , including a broken back and ribs , which were not spotted despite 60 visits by social workers .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Incomplete figures for 2008 suggest the upward trend is continuing , and children are being killed by their so - called carers at the rate of one a week .
But the findings , which will be broadcast next week in a Channel 4 Dispatches documentary entitled The Children Britain Betrayed , suggest that despite the massive publicity surrounding the death of Baby Peter and the gross failings of social workers in charge of his care at the London Borough of Haringey , the child protection system overall is remarkably effective .
Researchers found that while there are about 30,000 children in Britain who are the subject of child protection plans , about two of those children are killed by a parent or carer each year .
Of the 163 killings in the last five years , only 11 children , or seven per cent , were under the care of social services departments , leaving 93 per cent who were not being monitored by the authorities .
Instead , the programme found that a series of risk factors and warning signs , including a history of domestic violence or mental illness , were present in most of the killings and had not been recognised by professionals such as health visitors and social workers as putting that child in danger .
No fewer than 75 children , nearly 50 per cent of the total , were killed by parents who had been violent to an adult partner in the past and whose record was known to police , health visitors or social workers .
Only two of these children were also on the child protection register .
The study also highlighted the dramatic increase in risk to children when parents separated or announced they were separating .
A total of 43 children were killed in those circumstances with four , including seven - year - old Amy Philcox and her brother Owen , three , who died when they were on unsupervised access visits ordered by the courts .
In another case , a toddler was stabbed to death by his father despite the fact that his mother had been a regular victim of domestic violence and was raped at knifepoint by the man .
The child was not placed on the " at risk " register and neither police nor social workers warned the mother that her son could be at risk if his father was allowed unsupervised access .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Another significant factor was the presence of a diagnosed mental illness among parents or carers who went on to kill a child .
The study found that 30 per cent of cases – and 50 killings – involved an adult who was under medical supervision .
Lynn Ferguson , the investigative reporter who led the research , said : " It is simply a scandal that we have a situation where the vast majority of these children are being killed despite the presence of very clear warning signals , in particular with domestic violence .
There are 300,000 children in this country who live with serious domestic violence in their home and they are being allowed to slip through the net , despite the fact that it has been recognised as a significant risk factor for many years .
" Our social work system is so over - stretched that risk assessments of children in these situations are simply not carried out .
We do n't need a full protection plan in all these cases but there is clearly a need for better monitoring . "
The study finds that there is an onus on all individuals who come into contact with children – health visitors , police , GPs , probation officers , school teachers and members of the public – to recognise the warning signs associated with adults whose previous history makes them more likely to kill .
The introduction of a compulsory annual visit by a health visitor or trained advocate is suggested to ensure that the most at - risk children ( about 68 per cent of cases involved children from birth to four ) can express concerns to a professional .
Amy Howson , 6 months :
Father broke daughter 's spine in anger at her crying
Tina Hunt was ecstatic when she first met James Howson and moved in with him .
But soon after their first child , Amy , was born , Tina became withdrawn and would not speak with friends in the street .
A routine health check for Amy went unattended and efforts by health visitors to see the child were unsuccessful .
It transpired that Howson was subjecting his daughter to a horrific catalogue of violence .
A post -mortem found 40 injuries , including six fractures to her arms .
Amy died on 23 December 2007 when Howson , angry at her crying , placed her across his knee and broke her spine .
He was jailed last year for 22 years .
Ryan Hawkins , 4 : Stabbed in revenge for affair
Val Hawkins ' marriage to her husband , Chris , was defined by alcohol .
The couple ran a pub near Huddersfield and when drunk Hawkins would become violent towards his wife but , despite being arrested three times , charges were never brought .
After eventually leaving her husband , Val was persuaded to leave their youngest son , Ryan , with his father .
After raping his wife , Hawkins was served with an injunction preventing him contact ing Val or Ryan .
However , through the couple 's two teenage daughters he persuaded Val to allow him contact with Ryan .
When Val phoned social services to ask their advice , she was told they would call back .
They did not .
On 23 September 2007 , Ryan 's sister , Donna , arrived at Hawkins 's home to collect the boy .
Hawkins proceeded to stab her 23 times .
She escaped but Ryan 's body was later found with nine stab wounds .
Hawkins , who was jailed for life , said he had killed the child in revenge for his wife having had an affair .
Amy Philcox , 7 , and Owen Philcox , 3 : Gassed in the car after divorce
When Lyn Philcox filed for divorce from Brian , her husband of eight years , in 2007 , she noticed his behaviour become increasingly erratic as he sought to monopolise the attention of their two children .
Once he jumped out from behind bushes and grabbed hold of their daughter , Amy , telling her : " I love you Amy , I love you , your mum ca n't stop me from seeing you . "
After receiving a series of mobile phone pictures , including one of her patio doors wired shut , Mrs Philcox rang social services , but they said that they could do nothing .
Despite evidence of Brian 's stalking , a judge allowed him unsupervised access to his children two days a week and an overnight stay every other weekend .
During one of these overnight stays , in February 2007 , on the day his divorce was made final , Mr Philcox took his children on a trip to North Wales .
After sedating Amy and their son , Owen , he called Lyn and told her : " There 's nothing I can do .
It 's out of my control now . "
He then gassed the children and himself in his car .
Police later found an explosive device in his house that had been designed to kill Lyn .
Text Size A A
More than 3,500 protein crystal samples have been destroyed in an act of vandalism on or about July 19 at the SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory , in Menlo Park , Calif .
Both the Department of Energy 's Office of Inspector General and the Federal Bureau of Investigation are investigating .
" It 's disappointing and astonishing , " says Ian A. Wilson , a professor of molecular biology at Scripps Research Institute and the head of the Joint Center for Structural Genomics ( JCSG ) , to which the protein samples belonged .
" We have no idea what this is about or why it happened . "
The unknown vandal or vandals removed the samples from storage in liquid nitrogen and left them out to thaw , says Robert D. Brown , director of communications for SLAC .
SLAC employees discovered the samples on the morning of Monday , July 20 , he says .
JCSG is one of four high - throughput centers for determining protein structures that are funded by the National Institute of General Medical Sciences as part of the Protein Structure Initiative .
JCSG uses the X - ray beam lines at the Stanford Synchrotron Radiation Lightsource to analyze protein structures .
Since it was founded in 2000 , JCSG has screened about 25,000 proteins and solved nearly 900 structures , Wilson says .
The center was on track to solve about 250 structures in 2009 , he says .
Most of the destroyed samples were archived crystals on which scientists had already collected data , Wilson says , although researchers might have returned to some of them for further analysis .
About 120 samples , however , were new and waiting for time in an X - ray beam .
It will take weeks to months to re-create these 120 samples , according to Wilson .
It is n't clear whether the target of the vandalism is SLAC or JCSG , Brown says .
Although notes were left at the scene , he was not able to discuss their contents .
People must get through two separate security gates to reach the scene .
The DOE Office of Inspector General has no comment on the status of the investigation , says spokeswoman Felicia Jones , although she confirmed that the office is jointly investigating the incident with the FBI .
The FBI 's San Francisco Division did not return a phone message from C&EN asking for information on the investigation .
PR
中村修二教授は、やはり吼えていた。久しぶりにお会いしたのだが、日本というか日本的システムというか、そんなものに対する不満は一向に解消されていないらしい。
いつまでたってもよくならない技術者の処遇、「みなそうなんだからいいじゃない」と一向にその改善に乗り出す気配を見せない企業の姿勢、その低評価に甘んじる技術者たち、技術者が自立しにくいビジネス環境・・・。まあ、いつもの主張ではあるのだが、何度聞いてもつい引き込まれてしまうのは口舌の熱さゆえか。そんななかで、改めて考えさせられることがあった。「日本は差別国家である」という主張で、以前からよく話されていることなのではあるが。
差別と聞いて多くの人がぱっと思い浮かべるのは、人種や性差、ハンディを持つ人に対するそれであろう。けどそれらに関しては、さすがに徐々にではあっても改善しつつあるのではないかという。では何が問題か。その典型例として彼が指摘したのが「年齢差別」というものだった。言われてみてはっとしたのは、私自身、それを深刻な差別問題として認識したことがなかったからである。先日配信された宋文洲さんのメルマガの一節に「一番酷い差別は社会に受け入れられる公然な差別であり、差別と気付かない差別です。差別は確実に社会の活力を蝕むのです」とあった。ひょっとしてそれが、これなのか。
60 歳を過ぎたら名誉職
身近な例として中村教授が挙げたのは、二人の大学教授に関する話である。
「 Ａ先生は日本でも有名ですよね。もちろん世界的にもその業績は高く評価されているんです。けれど、かなり以前に研究の第一線を引き、研究とはあまり関係のなさそうな名誉職などを務めておられる。ちなみに同年代で、長年Ａ先生のライバルと目されていた先生が私の大学（カリフォルニア大学サンタバーバラ校）にいるんですよ。評価はＡ先生に比べれば少し下だったかもしれません。けど、ベンチャー企業を何社も立ち上げて、すごい豪邸に住んでいる。しかも、Ａ先生がいなくなってしまったものだから、今や文句なしの第一人者。70歳をとっくに過ぎていると思うんですが、意気軒昂そのもの。先日も、最近一つ会社を潰してしまったからまた新しい会社をつくるんだなんて息巻いてましたよ。ほんと元気」
中村教授は、Ａ教授だってもっと研究を続けたかっただろうという。けれど、日本の大学には定年というものがあり、それは許されない。ところが米国の大学には定年というものがないらしい。いくつであっても、本人が望み大学が認めれば現役であり続けることができるのだという。「能力と年齢はまったく別のもの。それなのに、どんなに能力が高くても60歳になれば辞めさせられるのが日本です。ちっとも能力がないのに若いというだけで居続けられる人がいるのに。おかしいと思いませんか、いや、ぜったいにおかしいですよ」。
I should preface this by saying that I am by no means a chess master .
I have a love for gaming , chess in particular , but have never played chess competitively .
Despite this ( or , more likely , because of it ) my appetite for the game remains unabated , and often I will find myself trying to create a new opponent out of the people sitting near me .
” Oh , a chessboard , ” I might remark , “ would n’t it be a lark to play a quick little game ? ” .
” I have n’t played in years , but I think I remember how , ” they will reply .
And now the trap is set .
We recap the rules and movement of the pieces as we set up the board .
The Pawn ’s diagonal capture , the Bishop ’s , Rook ’s , and Queen ’s long contiguous paths , the King ’s slow , omnidirectional plod .
” And the Knight ? ” I ask .
Invariably , they will tell me that the Knight moves in an ‘ L ’ shape .
And this is true .
But I detest it .
Describing the Knight ’s movement as an ‘ L ’ is a twofold problem .
First , it immediately discounts the Knight ’s unique ability to jump over other pieces .
He is not moving two squares over and then one to either side , he is in fact leaping directly to that final square .
Furthermore , to think of the Knight ’s movement as this sort of odd little path requires the chess beginner to account for two completely unrelated squares in every move .
For a knight with a full range of movement , this is [ 8 x 3 = ] 24 squares when the knight is only attacking 8 .
But the real problem I have with the ‘ L ’ description , and the reason for this post , is that it hinders further understanding of the Knight ’s movement .
Consider what happens if we envision the Knight ’s movement as simply a circle of attack based on his initial position :
Here we only need to picture the radius of the circle to find the squares under attack ( while also possibly considering the restriction that the Knight cannot attack along his current rank and file ) .
This is substantially less information to hold in mind , and also opens the door to the radial symmetry of the Knight ’s attack .
We can follow this symmetry deeper , discovering the squares the Knight can attack by move 2 :
And move 3 :
And move 4 :
If we composite all these moves , it might look something like this :
Which is , admittedly , a little complicated .
But still manageable .
Now let ’s look at the alternative :
This is just one of the Knight ’s paths from move 1 to move 4 ( out of a possible 8 ) .
It covers 12 squares .
Here is the full the range of attack using ‘ L ’ shapes :
A gordian knot to the beginner , and not much friendlier to those experienced with the game .
We have gone from considering 25 squares ( using the method of radial symmetry ) to considering [ 12 x 8 = ]
96 !
So now I leave it up to you .
The next time you find yourself explaining the rules of chess , try describing the Knight ’s attack as circular .
It may at first seem a little awkward , a break from tradition , but your student will certainly thank you for it .
Endeavour mission specialist Chris Cassidy works outside of the International Space Station to replace a set of old solar array batteries during the third spacewalk of STS - 127 on July 22 , 2009 .
Thisstory was updated at 9:15 p.m. EDT .
Twospacewalking astronauts replaced some of the oldest batteries on the International Space Station Wednesday , but a spacesuit glitch forced them tocut their orbital work short when it caused slightly elevated carbon dioxidelevels .
AstronautsDave Wolf and Chris Cassidy hoped to replace four of the station ?s six oldestbatteries during their nearly six - hour spacewalk .
They were plowing through thetricky task when the glitch in the air - scrubbing gear in Cassidy 'sspacesuit forced them to end early .
At no pointwas Cassidy in danger , but once flight controllers noticed the elevated carbondioxide levels in his spacesuit they decided to call off the spacewalk ?
sremaining tasks as a precaution .
He immediately headed back to the station ?
sairlock to wait for Wolf .
? I guesswe ?re getting off early today , ?
Wolf said .
Spacesuithiccup
NASA saidthe problem appeared to be an issue with the air scrubbing filter in Cassidy ? sspacesuit , not overexertion , and the astronaut did not feel any ill effectsfrom the higher - than - normal carbon dioxide levels .
Thoselevels never increased beyond NASA ?s acceptable limits for the space station orshuttle , mission managers said .
Even so , the faulty filter will be returned toEarth to find out what went wrong , they added .
? Certainly , folks are very interested in understanding the root cause of the signature thatwe saw today , ? lead space station flight director Holly Ridings told reporterslate Wednesday .
Wolf and Cassidy left their battery replacement job only half finished , with two newbatteries successfully installed .
The rest will have to wait for the mission ? snext spacewalk on Friday .
Wednesday ?sspacewalk was the third of fiveexcursions planned while NASA ?s shuttle Endeavour is docked at the spacestation .
The next one is set for Friday and also includes battery replacementchores .
? You didgreat out there , ?
astronaut Tim Kopra told the spacewalkers after their work .
Wolf and Cassidy spent five hours and 59 minutes toiling outside the station as it flew220 miles ( 354 km ) above Earth .
They had hoped to work on the batteries for atleast 6 1/2 hours .
Vitalbattery swap
The spacestation ?s batteries are vital because they store the power generated by its expansivesolar wings when the outpost flies over the Earth ?s night side .
Thebatteries in the solar wings at the very edge of the station ?s left side havebeen in space since 2000 , longer than any others on the outpost , so NASA wantedto change them before they died .
It wastricky work , with Wolf and Cassidy working at the port side edge of the spacestation ?s backbone - like main truss , which is as long as an American footballfield .
They had to perform a carefully choreographed shell game to remove theold batteries , move them by hand between the station ?s edge and the tip of itsoutstretched robotic arm , and then make the return trip with the new batteries .
? I don ? twant to make one false move here , ?
Wolf said during the first battery swap .
Eachbattery weighs about 367 pounds ( 166 kg ) and is about the size of arefrigerator , the astronauts have said .
They are designed to last 6 1/2 years .
The ones being replaced by Endeavour astronauts have been in use on the stationfor nine years .
Beforetackling the tough battery swap out , Wolf and Cassidy took care of some minorchores .
Thespacewalkers removed four insulation covers from Japanese experiments that willbe moved to the station ?s new porch attached to Japan ?s $ 1 billion Kibo laboratory .
Cassidy tossed three of the covers overboard andpacked the fourth for the return trip home .
Theastronauts also finished adding some insulation around power lines that allowvisiting shuttles to plug into the station ?s power grid .
Wednesday ? sorbital work marked the seventh career spacewalk for Wolf , who ended with 41hours and 57 minutes of total spacewalking time .
It was Cassidy ?s firstspacewalk , though he will venture back out on Friday and Monday with crewmateTom Marshburn on the last two excursions .
Endeavour ? sseven-astronaut crew is in the middle of a 16 - day construction mission todeliver the station ?
snew porch , some spare parts and a new crewmember .
The astronauts are slatedto move the trio of Japanese experiments to the station ?s new porch on Thursday .
Endeavouris slated to undock from the space station next week and return to Earth July31 .
Video - Almost Done : The International Space Station
Image Gallery - Shuttle Endeavour Blasts Off at Night
SPACE.com Video Show - ISS : Foothold on Forever
SPACE .comis providing continuous coverage of STS - 127 with reporter Clara Moskowitz andsenior editor Tariq Malik in New York .
Click here for missionupdates and SPACE .
com 's live NASA TV video feed .
The Vatican Gives a Slow , Solemn Nod to " Harry Potter "
EXPECTO PATRONUM !
The Vatican 's newspaper " L'Osservatore Romano has declared " Harry Potter " to be morally unobjectionable , praising the story for showcasing the victory of good over evil and stigmatizing the human search for physical immortality .
When I was growing up Catholic in Houston , we received a free newspaper every week in the mail called " The Catholic Herald . "
This paper was not fun to read .
However , on the very back page were always the movie rankings for the week , as determined by the " United States Conference of Catholic Bishops ' Office for Film and Broadcasting . "
Movies ranged from :* A - I ( morally unobjectionable for general patronage ) ; * A - II ( morally unobjectionable for adults and adolescents ) ;* A - III ( morally unobjectionable for adults ) ; * L ( limited adult audience Ã¢ÂÂ " films whose problematic content many adults would find troubling ) ; to the dreaded * O ( morally offensive ) .
The coveted " A - I , morally unobjectionable for general patronage " ranking was reserved for films like " Braveheart , " " The Godfather , " and " The Exorcist . "
Everything else was basically considered " morally offensive , " especially anything that a human being would ever want to see .
While I found these ratings instructive , I also found it curious that my madcap religion for readers , mystics , and scholars was only interested in reviewing movies .
Was I logically to assume that it was now impossible for a novel to be considered " morally offensive " since there were no book ratings ?
Or did Catholicism consider the war against immoral books a quiet victory on account of the widespread death of American literacy ?
Was all literature evil ?
Or none of it ?
Or just the sort of literature that I liked ?
In any case , the Vatican has now smiled benignly on the " Harry Potter " series and has moved on , hands clasped , robes swishing majestically around their ankles , wands carefully tucked away .
We were taught in catechism class that all creativity is divinely inspired by the Holy Spirit , and that the objectionable parts come from human perversion , blockages in the creative force that cause the flow to go wild , the way you can spray people with the trickle from a water hose if you stick your thumb over it .
It 's nice to see that the Vatican has taken a deep enough draught from Rowling 's hose to realize that her creation is clear , fresh , and good .
STEAMBOAT SPRINGS , Colo . -
It 's an unlucky No. 7 for a calf born with a few extra legs in Colorado .
The Steamboat Pilot & Today of Steamboat Springs reports that a veterinary hospital helped deliver a seven - legged calf Thursday .
The staff at the Steamboat Veterinary Hospital said the Black Angus calf , which was delivered by cesarean section , had two spines but one head .
One leg also had two hooves .
The calf lived for only about 10 minutes .
Veterinarian Lee Meyring says the birth was an incomplete splitting of the embryo into twins .
He says he had previously seen a calf with a fifth leg , but the seven - legged calf was the most bizarre he has seen .
The hospital says the calf 's owners do not want to be identified .
Nov. 21 , 2000 -- Scientists are gearing up for one of the most ambitious international research programs ever attempted : A decade - long exploration of the world ’s oceans to unlock some of the most closely held secrets of the creatures of the deep .
Lynn Allen - Hoffman was wrapping up a routine experiment on the aging of human skin when a colleague noticed something peculiar .
Skin cells die within a few weeks , but there in the middle of a sea of dead cells was a small “ colony ” of living cells .
And they were thriving .
“ What is this ? ” the University of Wisconsin pathologist murmured to Sandy Schlosser , manager of her lab , who had first noticed the colony .
All the other cells in a series of petri dishes , grown from a circumcised tissue sample from an infant , had clearly died , yet here was a group of cells that were going merrily along their way .
The experiment was essentially the same one that Allen - Hoffman has been carrying on for years , yet , as she says , “ I had never seen anything like this . ”
Four Years And Counting
That was four years ago , and the cells are still alive today , continuing to reproduce and filling jars with cells that can form human skin .
And Allen - Hoffman is coming to grips with an astonishing development .
Somehow , quite by accident , her lab has produced what appears to be immortal human tissue .
The discovery may lead to essentially an inexhaustible source of human skin for everything from treatment of burn victims , to testing of anti-cancer agents , to better cosmetics .
Word of the finding swept across the University of Wisconsin ’s campus like a prairie fire , leading to a collaborative effort involving experts from a wide range of disciplines , and the formation of a university - related company to develop commercial uses for the cells .
It will be years before all the testing can be done to see if the process can be tried out on humans , but that is Allen - Hoffman ’s ultimate goal .
It took the university only one year to patent the cells , a process that normally takes several years .
But Allen - Hoffman still is n’t sure exactly what she did .
Natural Growth
The researchers had been testing a number of “ agents ” to see if they could somehow slow down the aging process of human skin cells .
They were using tissue from the circumcision of an infant — which is normally discarded — because young cells reproduce very efficiently .
The cells had been placed in a series of tissue culture dishes .
Under such circumstances , cells join together to form a thin skin , which Allen - Hoffman calls a “ wound heal . ”
It only takes a few weeks for the cells to go through an entire life span , dividing into new cells , building up layers the same way that skin is layered on the human body .
Skin sheds continuously , taking away harmful bacteria and viruses in a “ simple but elegant ” way of protecting the organism , Allen - Hoffman says .
During a normal lifetime , we each shed about 90 pounds of human skin , accounting for a sizable amount of the dust and microscopic creatures in our homes .
Allen - Hoffman says she can’t take credit for everything that happened on that eventful day in 1996 .
She has gone through the same experiment over and over , using other cells from the original sample , thinking that perhaps they did something to cause the “ spontaneous immortality ” of a handful of cells .
But it has never happened again .
But fortunately , when the colony was first discovered she isolated the cells and put them in a series of petri dishes , where they continued to grow and multiply .
Then she preserved some of the cells through freezing , making sure that she would have a continuous supply for further experimentation .
What , she wondered , could have caused all this ?
Magical Chromosome
She feared initially that the cells were “ tumorigenic , ” meaning they could produce cancerous tumors , thus accounting for their unorthodox life style .
But laboratory experiments ruled out the possibility .
The cells were implanted in animals and tissues where tumors would be expected if indeed the cells were precancerous .
“ Not a single tumor formed , ” she says .
But what could account for the fact that they refused to die ?
The answer , the researchers found , rested in a single strand of one chromosome .
Chromosomes are the tiny strands of genetic material that contain the DNA that determines the characteristics of the entire cell , and chromosome 8 had a duplicate string of DNA .
“ The cells just have a double dose , so to speak , of the genes that are on that section of chromosome 8 , ” Allen - Hoffman says .
That appears to be the only difference in the cells , and the reason for their “ immortality . ”
In all other ways , she says , they are exactly the same as the “ normal ” cells from the original sample .
But , she insists , she did nothing that might have caused that mutation .
It apparently happened , she adds , while the cells were in the petri dish , but at this point no one knows why the mutation occurred , or why it should have affected the life span .
The research moved beyond the excitement of finding something new earlier this year when she met with Michael Schurr , a surgeon in the university ’s burn center .
Schurr asked her to sit in on an operation .
The patient was a farmer who suffered burns over 98 percent of his body when a propane tank exploded last year .
“ The only part of him that was n’t burned was the part covered by his boots , ” Allen - Hoffman says .
She watched as Schurr attempted to spread thin sheets of skin , the best that could be obtained from the victim ’s feet , over various parts of his body .
The sheets were about the texture of “ wet tissue paper , ” she says , illustrating just how difficult the surgeon ’s task was .
Skin Factory Possibility
It was an electrifying moment for Allen - Hoffman , who realized that if the immortal cells she has in her lab can be used for human skin grafts , Schurr someday will have a ready supply of disease - free human skin that could improve a burn victim ’s chances of survival immeasurably .
Schurr is now a member of the research team , gearing up for tests that could lead to human trials .
It remains to be seen whether the cells will be rejected by the victim ’s body , and whether the new skin will , indeed , perform as expected .
It ’s all a bit mind - numbing , Allen - Hoffman says , since she is convinced she did nothing to cause the cells to become immortal .
What she did , however , was exactly the right thing .
“ Our contribution to this whole thing is a very humble one , ” she says .
“ And that was we recognized what we had , ” and took the necessary steps to protect and preserve it .
Bravo , no matter how it eventually turns out .
Lee Dye ’s column appears weekly on ABCNEWS.com .
A former science writer for the Los Angeles Times , he now lives in Juneau , Alaska .
Because I can't imagine my son strapped to this .
Today was a real big eye opener for me , I almost made the biggest mistake of my life .
Mannix is scheduled for a circumcision tomorrow and he will not be attending !
I was so blinded by society 's view on what is " normal " and thought that circumcision was the " best " for my son .
I was made to belive that it was " healthier " and " cleaner " for him .
It was all wrong !
I 'm so glad that my mother gave me the guilt trip that she did .. if it was n't for that I would n't have read up on it and discovered the truth .
I thought that it would benefit his health , and be an in and out procedure with no pain untill I saw a video about it .
I did n't know that my son would be strapped down .. or feel pain .
I did n't know that nurses lie to you about him screaming and crying .
I did n't know anything .
I 'm so glad that we had to wait this long to actually have it done .
Otherwise I would have taken away a part of Mannix that could never be replaced .
Im so glad that I now know the facts of circumcision and the cruelty and greed that is behind it .
How selfish could I be ?
I was thinking " I hope I do n't have to be in the room .. I do n't want to see him cry "
Not even thinking about how he was going to feel .. how much pain and torture he would go through .
How selfish !
Thank you mom for making me think twice .
Thank you for helping me make the best decision I could have for my son .
Tech support for San Diego and anyone else who will listen
Okay , so as an avid fan of Harry Potter , I reserved tickets and went with a bunch of friends to the midnight showing last night , just like thousands of other fans did .
Â
It was fun seeing teenagers dressed up as characters and it reminded me of past premieres .
I have read all the books and enjoyed each one .
Â
I thought that this movie was pretty consistent with the books , however there were a couple of things that did n’t thrill me .
I really did n’t like the scene in the movie where Professor Dumbledore and Harry go to that cave in order to retrieve the horcrux .
Â
I really disliked how the zombies looked .
Â
It looked like the producers had just copied Gollum off of Lord of the Rings and added an eating disorder .
Â
I thought the zombies were more weird than scary .
Another thing that I did n’t like was when the Death Eaters entered Hogwarts and they joined Malfoy in the tower .
Â
The book clearly states that Dumbledore had frozen Harry and placed the invisibility cloak over him in order to protect him .
Â
Whereas the movie is completely different .
Â
It shows Harry on the level below Dumbledore and the death eaters and it even shows Snape walking past Harry on the stairs in order to get to the action upstairs in the tower .
Then another problem is that it never mentions the different groups that Voldemort is recruiting to his side .
Â
You only see the death eaters .
Â
It never shows or mentions Vampires or that Lupin is acting as a spy with the Werewolves or that Hagrid is out trying to recruit Giants .
Â
It just seems like it is a typical battle between Harry and Voldemort with the main players , rather than the entire world being divided onto two sides .
Despite these discrepancies , I really enjoyed the way they filmed the movie , and the effects were great .
Â
I liked how the other parts of the story followed the book closely and I enjoyed some of the new characters .
Just for the record Lavender , Ron ’s girlfriend drove me nuts .
Â
Although that ’s exactly how she was described in the book .
Â
She acted like a teenager with raging hormones , but still childlike in many ways .
Â
When she would say “ Won Won ” I would instantaneously cringe .
Another character that was played really well was Professor Slughorn .
Â
I really liked how engrossed he was with his star pupils .
Â
He liked being linked to celebrities and he was easily flattered , which led to major problems because he told Voldemort about horcruxes .
Â
It was also funny to see how boring Slughorn ’s parties were ; you could feel the characters pain , just by watching the screen .
All in all I would give The Half Blood Prince four out of five stars .
Â I enjoyed it and I know Harry Potter fans will as well .
Â
Most fans I am sure will go see it at least two times .
AllMusic 90
The true testament to the value of that craft is that The Liberty of Norton Folgate is as rich and rewarding in its deluxe double - disc incarnation as it is in its simpler , single - disc set , something that speaks volumes to the extent of the band 's unexpected revitalization here .
Apple ’s senior vice president of industrial design Jonathan Ive partially lifted the veil on the secretive machinations of the Apple design process at a special “ Innovation Night ” event held at London ’s Royal College of Art ( RCA ) .
Ive is due to receive an honorary doctorate from the RCA tomorrow .
Ive was interviewed on stage by outgoing RCA rector Professor Sir Christopher Frayling .
“ I can't imagine designing without making [ physical products ] , ” Ive told the assembled horde of 700 UK design gurus .
The front section of the hall was reserved for Apple VIPs , who all received Apple goodie bags .
“ I love making prototypes .
We go right from idea to prototypes .
I just love making objects .
“ Prototypes create this dramatic shift in the conversation - suddenly it becomes tangible and the silence goes away . ”
Ive explained why Apple limits its product range : “ When you do everything to make the very best product , it also means you 're very focused on just a few products . ”
Ive admitted that his drawing skills are “ terrible ” : “ And I 'm a lousy presenter .
So I focus on designing instead , ” he joked .
BBC technology correspondent Rory Cellan - Jones asked Ive what was the one thing about the first iPhone he really hated .
Ive evaded the question , but stated designers “ are never satisfied ” .
The British - born Apple design chief was dismissive of design based on focus group : “ We do n't do focus groups .
They just ensure that you do n't offend anyone , and produce bland inoffensive products . ”
Former toilet designer Ive was born in Chingford , Essex , England , in 1967 .
As well as the iMac he has won awards for his innovative designs of the aluminium and titanium PowerBook G4 , MacBook , unibody MacBook Pro , iPod and iPhone .
Employee and friend of Apple CEO Steve Jobs , Ive was the winner of the London Design Museum 's inaugural Designer of the Year award in 2002 , and won again in 2003 .
He was listed in the 2006 New Years Honours list , receiving a CBE , for services to the design industry .
Graduates of the RCA , the world 's only postgraduate art and design school , include architect David Adjaye , artists David Hockney and Tracey Emin , film director Ridley Scott ( director of Apple ’s legendary ‘ 1984 ’ commercial for the launch of the Macintosh ) and vacuum man James Dyson .
Many thanks to Pascal Finette - evangelist , consultant and Open Innovation Catalyst at Mozilla Labs – who reported the sage sayings of Jonathan Ive via Twitter .
Follow him at twitter.com / pfinette
The BMW Vision Efficient Dynamics Concept is a full hybrid powered by a three - cylinder turbodiesel connected to a pair of electric motors pumping out 265 HP and 590 lb- ft of torque .
Oh , and it looks like it 's from Tron .
• High - performance concept study with BMW ActiveHybrid technology
visualising the dynamic performance typical of a BMW against the backdrop of future demands in sustained mobility .
BMW Vision EfficientDynamics as a symbol for the future of Sheer Driving Pleasure in harmony with trendsetting efficiency .
• Development aim :
The performance of a BMW M Car and a highly emotional character combined with the fuel economy and emission management of a modern small car in the premium class .
As a result , this unique sports car offers the most consistent rendition of the BMW EfficientDynamics development strategy .
• Innovative approach in the context of BMW EfficientDynamics :
The exceedingly good balance of CO2 emission management and driving pleasure results from a revolutionary vehicle concept developed all in one from the ground up , achieving a new level of efficiency combined with a unique driving experience .
The overall result goes far beyond the sum total of the individual features and components in this concept car .
• BMW Vision EfficientDynamics offers a realistic impression of the unique potential of BMW ActiveHybrid technology and the great innovative thrust of BMW EfficientDynamics .
Technology :
• Offering a full - hybrid concept , the BMW Vision EfficientDynamics concept car is powered by a three - cylinder turbodiesel and two electric motors .
Overall system output is 262 kW/356 hp , maximum torque 800 Newton - metres / 590 lb - ft .
All - wheel drive featuring an electric motor on both the front and rear axle .
• Anticipated performance : Acceleration from a standstill to 100 km/h in 4.8 seconds , top speed 250 km/h ( 155 mph ) ( electronically limited ) , fuel consumption in the EU test cycle 3.76 litres / 100 km ( equal to 75.1 mph imp ) , CO2 emissions 99 grams / kilometre .
• As a plug - in hybrid , BMW Vision EfficientDynamics is able to cover the entire fuel consumption drive cycle under electric power alone .
Taking the sources of energy used for generating the electric power consumed into account ( EU electricity mix ) , this reduces the CO2 emission rating to just 50 grams per kilometre .
• Electric power is generated without the slightest increase in fuel consumption through a particularly efficient concept of Brake Energy Regeneration .
Energy is stored in 98 lithium polymer cells .
The car is able to cover a distance of approximately 50 km /31 miles in the electric mode alone .
• Aerodynamics developed with know - how from Formula 1 . CX drag coefficient optimised to just 0.22 .
Forward - looking energy management uses the maximum potential available in each case to minimise fuel consumption .
Design :
• Technology - oriented body design as a clear expression of consistent lightweight technology and aerodynamic quality .
Design language typical of the brand , setting clear signals in terms of sporting performance and optimum efficiency .
• The 2+2 - seater concept combines dynamic performance and supreme efficiency with an enhanced level of all - round function .
BMW Vision EfficientDynamics symbolises BMW 's commitment to offer an unprecedented driving experience for up to four occupants .
• BMW Vision EfficientDynamics comes with gullwing doors opening up to the side .
Innovative , weight - optimised door kinematics makes entering the car at both front and rear convenient and very easy .
• The interior of this unique 2+2 - seater intentionally demonstrates the very latest in modern technology .
At the same time the use of natural materials underlines BMW 's strategy of sustainability borne out through this concept car .
• The roof and door inserts made of polycarbonate glass automatically become darker as a function of incoming light .
Getting Fat ? Maybe It 's Your Health Insurance
A new N.B.E.R. working paper finds a link between health insurance and obesity , and suggests that the better insured you are , the fatter you ’re likely to be .
We already knew that people with health insurance consume more healthcare resources than the uninsured ; it appears they ’re consuming more calories , too .
[ % comments ]
No matter who you are , no matter how large or small your oven and built in oven repair requirements are , we assure you ...
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) -- Regional banks can no longer ignore the elephant in the room -- their exposure to the commercial real estate bust .
Though housing markets remain weak , analysts expect credit problems over the next year to center on commercial real estate -- mortgages on office and apartment buildings and shopping malls , as well as construction , development and industrial loans .
U.S. banks hold some $ 1.8 trillion worth of commercial loans , according to Federal Reserve data .
Big regional banks , including PNC ( PNC , Fortune 500 ) of Pittsburgh , KeyCorp ( KEY , Fortune 500 ) of Cleveland and BB&T ( BBT , Fortune 500 ) of Winston - Salem , N.C. , have more than half their loan books in commercial loans .
( See correction below . )
With financing markets locked up and the economy still mired in recession -- unemployment is at a 26 - year high while capacity utilization , a key measure of industrial production , recently hit a record low -- observers fear a wave of loans will go bad in coming quarters .
" The problems facing commercial real estate are severe and will likely take many years to resolve , " Deutsche Bank analyst Richard Parkus told the Joint Economic Committee of Congress this month .
He said the biggest losses are likely to come from banks ' $ 550 billion of construction loans , such as loans to homebuilders .
Banks are already bracing for impact .
Higher credit costs led to second - quarter losses at banks ranging from Atlanta 's SunTrust ( STI , Fortune 500 ) to Delaware 's Wilmington Trust ( WT ) .
Zions Bancorp ( ZION ) , which operates primarily in Utah , California , Texas and Nevada , was among those forecasting deeper losses on problem commercial real estate loans .
" It is still a pretty crummy economy out there and we are seeing deterioration in all of it , " Zions Bancorp chief financial officer Doyle Arnold said in a conference call with analysts and investors .
Accordingly , banks have been adding to their reserves for future credit losses .
But with more borrowers falling behind on their loans , it 's not clear that these so - called reserve builds will be enough .
SunTrust , for instance , added $ 161 million in the latest quarter to its loan loss reserve , citing continuing housing market deterioration and " increasing economic stress in the commercial market . "
But nonperforming assets rose even more , jumping to 4.48 % of total loans from 2.09 % a year earlier .
As a result , the bank 's loan loss reserve tumbled to 53 % of nonperforming assets from 70 % a year earlier .
Investors like to see a number nearer 100 % .
BB&T , for instance , has 101 % coverage .
Thin reserves mean SunTrust " may face material provisions ahead , " according to a report from analysts at research firm CreditSights .
That could take a toll on profits over the next year .
Similar trends are playing out at Comerica ( CMA ) , whose loan loss reserve has fallen to 78 % of nonperforming loans from 91 % a year ago , and Zions , which fell to 65 % from 79 % .
The increase in nonperforming assets comes as some real estate players complain that banks are sitting on bad loans rather than liquidating them -- a trend they claim is suppressing new lending and compounding the problems in a falling market .
" The rate at which these troubled loans are being resolved has been sluggish , " James Helsel , treasurer of the National Association of Realtors , told the Joint Economic Committee July 10 .
" Over $ 60 billion in assets have become distressed this year but only $ 4 billion worth of commercial loans have been resolved so far . "
Though the banking industry succeeded in raising tens of billions of dollars in new equity in the second quarter , some expect the financing picture to remain cloudy , adding to price declines .
Office rental rates have fallen 23 % in New York and 11 % in Washington from their 2008 highs , commercial property manager Jones Lang LaSalle said in its monthly market perspective newsletter this month .
Meanwhile , office vacancy rates jumped to 14 % in Manhattan and 11 % in Washington in the first quarter , reflecting the economic slump .
" Debt will remain constricted as banks continue to adopt the ' delay and pray ' approach to their real estate holdings , extending loan terms in the hope that better economic conditions will obviate the need to foreclose , " Jones Lang LaSalle said in its report .
For their part , bankers blame the problems on weak loan demand and deny they 're kicking the can down the line on troubled credits .
" We are managing these problem loans effectively , " Comerica chief executive officer Ralph Babb said in the bank 's second quarter earnings statement .
Still , the banks have underestimated their problems before .
Comerica forecast in January that this year 's credit - related charge - offs , or writedowns of uncollectible loans , would be in line with last year 's level of $ 472 million .
But the bank said last week that charge - offs were $ 405 million in the first half alone , with even " modest " improvement not expected until the fourth quarter .
Correction :
In an earlier version of this story , it was reported that BB&T is based in Richmond , Va .
The bank is based in Winston - Salem , N.C. .
We regret the error .
Gas prices usually peak in the summer when millions of Americans hit the road for weekend getaways .
This year , however , a surge in unemployment and a drop in summer traffic have kept prices at the pump in check .
Gasoline prices are expected to average $ 2.49 a gallon nationwide from April to September , according to a report published by the Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) .
That 's down from $ 3.81 a gallon last summer .
But , falling prices at the pump wo n't necessarily coax more drivers onto the road .
The International Energy Agency ( IEA ) predicted that global oil demand would contract by 2.9 % this year .
" I do n't know necessarily if prices go down 20 cents that people will say ' Let 's change our vacation plans and go , ' " Brian Milne , a refined fuels editor for DTN , told the Wall Street Journal .
Oil prices rose for much of the first half of the year , as some investors expected demand from vacationers to pick up in the summer driving season .
However , this has not been the case .
Memorial Day and the Fourth of July weekends – traditionally major driving holidays – both passed without a spike in gasoline consumption .
" It looks like gasoline prices have peaked for the summer , " Tancred Lidderdale , an economist at the IEA told Bloomberg .
" We have ample gasoline supplies and it looks like that will be the case all summer . "
In fact , traffic on highways is down overall , according to the Texas Transportation Institute .
This marks the first decline in traffic in 25 years .
" June is the month when gasoline demand should pick up in the U.S. and it's a slightly worrying sign that we do n't see that , " the IEA 's David Fyfe told the Wall Street Journal .
" If U.S. gasoline demand wo n't increase in July and August , we might revise downward our oil demand forecast for 2009 . "
But , the declines in both gas prices and traffic are most likely temporary .
As soon as the economy begins to rebound , analysts predict demand for gasoline to increase , driving prices back up .
The EIA is forecasting increased demand for oil and gasoline in 2010 , predicting the price at the pump to average $ 2.56 a gallon next year , according to the Associated Press .
Related Stories and Links :
Money Morning :
Pain at the Pump : It 's Time to Start Thinking About $ 7 a Gallon Gasoline
Pain at the Pump : It 's Time to Start Thinking About $ 7 a Gallon Gasoline Wall Street Journal :
Oil Futures : Crude Below $ 60 / Bbl ; Fuel Demand Flatlines
Kirrily Robert gave the first keynote speech this morning , entitled “ Standing Out in the Crowd . ”
She spoke about the gender imbalance in open source and shared her experiences working on open source projects that have a higher - than - average percentage of women participants .
She laid out statistics about the current gender balance of various projects , looked at trends in open source , and closed with a number of tips on how open source projects can get — and keep — more women contributors .
First off , Kirrily quantified the gender imbalance problem for us : women make up only 1.5 % of contributors to open source projects overall .
They ’re 5 % of the perl community and 10 % of Drupal .
The IT industry has 20 % – 30 % women ; clearly it ’s a sad state of affairs that open source lags so dramatically .
At least part of the problem can be traced to the culture of open source communities .
Unfortunately , many open source communities share sexist jokes , and even here at the conference Kirrily saw sexist images in presentations .
( Over lunch I even heard of an OSCON party last night where faux strippers were “ dancing ” for the party attendees .
If that is true , it is indeed a sad state of affairs . )
Turning to more cheerful topics , Kirrily shared some success stories .
The Organization for Transformative Works ( OTW ) is a “ nonprofit organization established by fans to serve the interests of fans by providing access to and preserving the history of fanworks and fan culture in its myriad forms . ”
The OTW project boasts 60 thousand lines of Ruby code and 20 + coders who are all female !
She also talked about Dreamwidth , which forked the LiveJournal codebase to modernize , update , and streamline the project .
Dreamwidth has 210,000 lines of Perl and JavaScript code with 40 + coders , about 75 % of them female .
These projects show that women are indeed interested in participating in open source .
So , why do so few women actually participate ?
Existing open source projects simply do not present an inviting atmosphere to women .
When asked about not participating in open source projects , women replied : “ I did n’t feel like I was wanted , ” or “ I never got the feeling that outsiders were welcomed … ” .
Kirrily gave us a number of tips for how to get more women involved in our projects .
First , recruit for diversity .
The early project members set the tone of the project , so reach out to women from the beginning to make sure they help create the project ’s culture .
Next , set up a Code of Conduct that lays down proper and respectful behavior for the project — say it and then mean it .
Then use tools to make it easier for beginners to contribute from day one — make newcomers feel welcome in your project .
Transparency is also very important — show newcomers what your project is like on the inside and show them what it would be like to participate in the project .
Value everyone ’s contribution : code , docs , bugs .
It ’s all important — successful projects need more than just code .
When someone contributes to your project , be sure to thank them and appreciate their efforts .
One tip that seems obvious , yet needs to be stated : do n’t stare .
Staring at people makes them feel uncomfortable and unwelcome .
Also , call people on their crap :
“ If there is a naked lady on someone ’s screen , then they are being an asshole . ”
Do n’t be assholes !
Finally , pay attention !
Most guys simply are n’t aware of sexism around them , so it may take conscious effort to spot things that can make people feel unwelcome or uncomfortable .
Please watch out for sexist behavior and address it when it happens .
Kirrily closed with this thought :
Any steps you take to include women in your project will only increase the total pool of hackers who can work on it !
Well said .
I ’ve been keenly observing the gender imbalance at conferences for a number of years now and I find it enlightening to have Kirrily lay down the issues as she sees them .
Welcome to Fatherhood Friday just days before Father ’s Day .
If you have a few moments , check out some of the other great posts over at Dad Blogs today .
And if you have n’t already , take a peek at my latest Armed and Fatherly …
Father ’s
Day is nearly upon us , and as this is the first where I actually can count myself among the honorees in addition to my duties as honorer , the day holds a good deal of significance to me .
And it has caused me to reflect on what parenthood means to me , and more importantly what I believe my basic tenets of fatherhood entail .
At the core of these is my belief that we as parents have a imperative responsibility to be truthful to our children , despite the personal consequences that might befall ourselves , or cause us to lose respect in these eyes of our kids .
But in particular , I believe that no parent has the right to color the opinion of the other parent in the eyes of their children .
I have a friend who was married once before , and had several children with his first wife .
He adored his kids , and spent their formative years as a strong presence in their life .
Somewhere along the way , the marriage soured as marriages can do , and his wife began turning his girls against him .
Eventually she shut off all contact for him to them , and basically drilled into them that he wanted out of their lives .
They are now under the impression that he walked out on them , when quite frankly the opposite is true .
He still lives in the same area as his girls , who are all grown up now and have kids of their own .
He has inadvertently run across them during the mundanities of existence , but they refuse to even acknowledge him .
Imagine the pain of seeing your children but having them spurn your existence having done nothing to warrant it .
Imagine seeing children and wondering if you are their grandfather , and that they have no knowledge of your existence .
My friend is a quiet , unassuming man who is always willing to help me out of whatever mess I ’ve gotten myself into .
He ;s remarried now to a wonderful woman , and inherited three older kids that adore him and the love that he brings to their family .
Things are going pretty well for him now , but his kids are always in the back of his mind somewhere .
Frankly , he does n’t deserve the fate that has befallen him – he does n’t deserve the consequences of someone else ’s agenda , and the decades of emotional pain that followed it .
It angers me because I know it , and there ’s little I can do about it .
But maybe these words may ring true for you .
If you are estranged from your father this Father ’s Day because of what someone told you rather than what you experienced yourself , consider the possibility that everything you ’ve been told is a lie .
Reach out , and reconnect with someone that was once an integral part of your life , and judge for yourself what kind of a human being he is .
You may be surprised at what you find .
- MWF -
The question an 11 - year - old girl from Malden posed to President Obama this week has riled conservative critics who insist the girl was a plant by the White House .
The critics point to campaign donations and other partisan affiliations of the girl ’s mother , Kathleen Manning Hall , who was an early Obama supporter .
But a White House spokesman insisted yesterday that audience members had been selected randomly .
“ The president asks people to raise their hands and picks on them , ’’ White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said at his daily briefing .
The girl , sixth - grader Julia Hall , asked Obama what she and other children should make of the signs outside his town hall meeting in Portsmouth , N.H. , that were “ saying mean things ’ ’ about his health care proposal .
“ How do kids know what is true , and why do people want a new system that can , that help more of us ? ’’
In her online column , conservative columnist Michelle Malkin said , “ As we always like to point out :
There are no coincidences in Obama world . ’’
The Washington Times also weighed in , and online critics found a 2008 post by Manning Hall on Blue Mass Group , a Democrat - learning political site in Massachusetts .
In the post , Manning Hall asks readers for their support in her quest to become a delegate to the Democratic National Convention .
“ I realized Barack Obama was a unique politician the first time I heard him speak , at the 2004 Democratic National Convention , where I was a volunteer , ’’ she wrote .
“ I was simply blown away by his inspirational message , and I continued to follow his career . ’’
Manning
Hall denied yesterday that her daughter was used as a plant by the administration .
“ A 100 percent flat denial , completely , ’’ she said , adding that her daughter had told her before Obama began fielding questions that she wanted to ask one .
The two discussed the question , Manning Hall said , and her daughter wrote it down on a slip of paper .
Manning
Hall also said that prior to 2008 , she had never worked in politics , beyond contacting her city councilor about local street repairs and other issues .
She has said that she had worked as a coordinator during the campaign for Massachusetts Women for Obama .
The group had 93 members and raised nearly $ 9,000 during the campaign , according to online records .
Manning Hall was named Malden Democrat of the Year at a ceremony in March .
She donated $ 1,750 to the Obama campaign , according to the Center for Responsive Politics , which tracks campaign contributions .
She is listed as a legal assistant at Looney & Grossman , a Boston law firm .
Employees of the firm donated $ 3,000 to the Obama campaign , according to the center .
Tarah Donoghue , a spokeswoman for the Republican Party of Massachusetts , declined to comment on the allegations that Manning Hall ’s daughter was a plant .
But she took exception to news reports of “ angry mobs ’ ’ protesting against Obama ’s health care plan at town hall meetings across the country .
“ They ’re American people , ’’ Donoghue said .
“ And they ’re citizens rising up against a change they quite frankly do n’t believe in .
We encourage people to do it in a respectful manner . ’’
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
Getting slightly sick of all this to - and - fro myself , but if you 're still hanging on the development status of Duke Nukem Forever , developers 3D Realms claim the game is still being worked on .
Advertisement
The disclosure can be found within court documents relating to the franchise , and specifically reads " [ 3D Realms / Apogee Ltd. ] admits that it has continually worked on the development of the DNF for many years , and continues to do so " .
In addition to this reveal , it seems publisher Take - Two began development of another Duke Nukem game , Duke Begins , in 2007 .
This title , however , was canned in April 2009 , right around the time the publisher 's support of Duke Nukem Forever dried up , leading to speculation that " Duke Begins " was as much a bargaining chip in negotiations with 3D Realms as it was a legitimate product .
Advertisement
Am I the only person in the world who reads all this and thinks " why ? " .
This is Duke Nukem we 're talking about here , not Halo .
It stuns me that Take - Two continued to sink so much money ( we 're talking millions upon millions ) into not Duke Nukem project ( which this side of the 1990 's was one too many ) , but two .
3D Realms Countersuit Reveals Continuing Duke Nukem Forever Work , New Duke Game [ Shacknews ]
Lawyers for Jammie Thomas - Rasset urged a federal judge on Monday to set aside the $ 1.92 million judgment a jury levied on her last month for infringing 24 copyrighted songs on the Kazaa file - sharing network .
Thomas - Rasset , 32 , is the nation 's only file - sharing defendant to go before a jury out of the 30,000 - plus cases brought by the Recording Industry Association of America the past five years .
Most all defendants settled out of court for a few thousand dollars .
Trial for the second defendant seeking a jury is set to begin in three weeks .
Among other things , Thomas - Rasset 's lawyers claimed Monday a so - called " due process " violation in the jury 's conclusion to ding her $ 80,000 a copyrighted track .
The Copyright Act allows for fines of as much as $ 150,000 a song .
Thomas - Rasset also claims that the evidence the jury relied on should have been excluded .
Her lawyers maintain that the online services of MediaSentry , the RIAA 's former investigator based in Maryland , should have acquired a license to do business in Thomas - Rasset 's home state of Minnesota .
Threat Level , meanwhile , wrote two weeks ago it was unlikely Thomas - Rasset would win a retrial on the so - called " due process " claim for a host of reasons .
Among them , Thomas - Rasset likely was not the victim of a " due process " violation " under U.S. legal precedent .
The law clearly stated that her conduct could result in fines of as little as $ 750 up to $ 150,000 an infringement .
That said , Thomas ' lawyers do recognize they have bumpy legal terrain to navigate to convince U.S. District Judge Michael Davis to declare the Copyright Act unconstitutional .
After Thomas - Rasset 's first trial in 2007 , in which Davis declared a mistrial because of an error in a jury instruction , the judge noted that the original verdict of $ 222,000 for the same 24 songs was ridiculous but nevertheless suggested Congress should change the law .
On Monday , the lawyers told ( .pdf ) Davis " Mrs. Thomas contends that even if the statutory damages provision of the Copyright Act is constitutional , the jury ’s application of it in this case is excessive , shocking , and monstrous . "
They suggested Judge Davis reduce the fine to the minimum $ 750 per song if he does n't order a new jury to retry a new damages award .
Whether Davis would go for such a plan is anybody 's guess .
Yet he might not be so sympathetic toward Thomas - Rasset .
During the first trial , Thomas - Rasset told jurors that a unknown hack or crack hijacked her WiFi connection and infringed the songs – even though she did n't have a wireless home connection .
At the second trial , she testified the culprit might have been one of her four children .
Clearly , we think the award levied against Thomas is absurd .
But there 's something to be said about the old legal adage that bad facts make bad case law .
The defendant 's other main claims are alarming : that MediaSentry should have had a business license in Minnesota to view online and make screen shots of her open - to - the - public Kazaa share folder that nailed her , in the jury 's view , dead to rights in both trials .
MediaSentry also made downloads of the songs as well .
" Mrs. Thomas now , out of an abundance of caution and in an effort to give this court a final opportunity to reconsider its order , moves for a new trial … on the ground that there is not sufficient admissible evidence to sustain the jury ’s verdict because the evidence collected by MediaSentry should not have been admitted , " defense attorney Kiwi Camara , Thomas - Rasset 's lead attorney , wrote Monday .
Judge Davis already rejected such a suggestion ahead of the second trial .
It should also be rejected by those who welcome a border - less internet – an internet that does not require online commerce sites or pajama - clad bloggers hawking shirts and hats to register as a business in all 50 states .
Photo : Marmadon
See Also :
[ / caption ]
A man who circled the globe in a balloon in 1999 has a new global adventure planned .
Bertrand Piccard has unveiled a prototype of a solar - powered plane he hopes to fly around the world .
Until now , only unmanned solar airplanes have been flown , but Piccard ’s HB - SIA would be manned .
The glider - like plane has solar panels covering the wings , and the wingspan of the prototype reaches 61 m , while the entire vehicle weighs only 1,500 kg .
The first tests of the plane will be done to prove it can fly at night .
Piccard says he wants to demonstrate the potential of renewable energies .
Piccard just unveiled the prototype , and he hopes to attempt a flight across the Atlantic by 2012 .
Solar and battery technology is just now maturing enough to enable solar flight .
In 2007 the UK defence company Qinetiq flew an unmanned aerial vehicle called the Zephyr unmanned for 54 continuous hours during tests .
But Piccard and his company , Solar Impulse are working on what they believe to be a breakthrough design , using super - efficient solar cells , batteries , motors and propellers to get it through the dark hours and composite materials to keep it extremely light .
Although the vehicle is expected to be capable of flying non-stop around the globe , Piccard will in fact make five long hops , sharing flying duties with project partner Andre Borschberg .
“ The aeroplane could do it theoretically non -stop – but not the pilot , ” said Piccard told the BBC .
“ We should fly at roughly 25 knots and that would make it between 20 and 25 days to go around the world , which is too much for a pilot who has to steer the plane .
In a balloon you can sleep , because it stays in the air even if you sleep .
We believe the maximum for one pilot is five days . ”
More info on Solar Impulse ..
And just for your interest , here ’s an article about the biggest plane in the world .
Source : BBC
Tags
People in the market can compete on many different margins .
They can compete by offering higher productivity , or they can compete by offering better products .
Perhaps most importantly , people can compete by offering lower prices .
In the case of laborers , this often means offering their services at a lower wage .
Anyone who has taken an introductory economics course is familiar with the idea that a minimum wage leads to a reduction in the demand for labor and an increase in the supply of labor in the relevant market — usually , the market for low - skill workers .
The minimum wage removes the ability of some workers to compete by accepting lower wages and shuts them out of the labor force .
As a result , it reduces job opportunities for these workers .
A minimum wage breaks the hinges on the door of opportunity .
However , there are additional , hidden costs of these interventions , which are more difficult to detect but perhaps more insidious .
For example , one effect of a minimum wage is to reduce the availability of on - the - job training , since more resources are required simply to hire and retain a workforce .
And further interventions in the labor market ( for example , safety regulations and payroll taxes ) make it still more costly to employ labor .
These burdens together reduce a firm 's willingness to hire laborers and — in the long run — must reduce the number of opportunities for those laborers to acquire valuable job skills .
Far from increasing opportunities for the working poor , a minimum wage actually restricts their mobility .
In an attempt to compensate for the lack of skills and opportunities among the low - skilled , governments have created a lot of job training programs .
However , whatever their intentions , these training programs circumvent the market processes that match skills with jobs .
Every person has a unique set of skills , competencies , strengths , and weaknesses that will only be revealed through their activity in the market .
Job training and skills assessments may be able to match people with suitable employment to some degree , but the search mechanism inherent in the labor market is a low - cost way of accomplishing the same result more efficiently .
Firms faced with minimum wage laws often substitute skilled for unskilled labor .
In a report for the Show - Me Institute , labor economist David Neumark offers an illustrative example : Suppose that a job can be done by either three unskilled workers or two skilled workers .
If the unskilled wage is $ 5 per hour and the skilled wage is $ 8 per hour , the firm will use unskilled labor and produce the output at a cost of $ 15 .
However , if we impose a minimum wage to $ 6 per hour , the firm will instead use two skilled workers and produce for $ 16 as opposed to the $ 18 cost of using unskilled workers .
In the " official data " this shows up as a small job loss — in this case , only one job — but we see an increase in average wages to eight dollars per hour in spite of the fact that the least skilled workers are now unemployed .
There is also a hidden social cost in minimum wage policies .
Debates over a minimum wage erode social fabric by placing workers and their employers in opposition to one another .
While there have been many legitimate reasons for some tension to exist between firms and workers , minimum wage policies set them in unnecessary opposition to one another over employment contracts , which are by nature cooperative and mutually beneficial .
Encouraging the view that employment is a raw deal has created needless acrimony .
At the margin , this intimidates people and discourages some from becoming employers themselves .
The prohibition of certain kinds of labor contracts also discriminates against — paradoxically — the law - abiding .
Just as legal prohibitions on the use and sale of drugs have lured the lawless into the drug trade , prohibitions on certain forms of labor ensure that only those lacking in scruples will be left on the demand side of the market for , say , child labor and the like .
If restrictions , regulations , and price floors create massive deadweight losses , they also create incentives for firms and individuals to evade those restrictions , regulations , and price floors .
Those with a comparative advantage in evading ( or violating ) the law will be most successful ; thus , labor market regulation gives implicit encouragement and support to the unscrupulous .
Restriction and regulation reduces the relative price of dishonesty , which means we can expect greater levels of it in the marketplace .
Advocates of higher minimum wages are often motivated by the purest of concerns for the poor .
However , the minimum wage has been described as a " maximum folly " by many economists for many years because it hurts precisely the people who most desperately need help .
Self - styled friends of the poor are unrelenting in their advocacy of a higher minimum wage , but with friends like these , the poor do not need enemies .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Wing - Nut Mobs Provide Cover for Obama / Baucus Health Care Betrayal "
( 50 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 8/17/2009 @ 1:40 pm PT ...
No Comment http://www.salon.com/pol...9/08/14/obama/index.html
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 8/17/2009 @ 1:59 pm PT ...
I 'm sorry , Flo , but that is a load of crap .
If he were willing to be a one term president to get the stuff that needs to be done actually done , he would n't have lit a match to the Constitution instead of fixing it , and he would have put single payer on the table and ... well , I could go on and on .
Three or four times now some Democratic Party official or other comes out and says the " public option " is not a hard and fast demand , and we freak every time , and they retract it every time , and the bullshit coming out of the Republican Party gets louder and uglier every time .
They 're just trying to wear us down until we are so sick of it we cease to care so much .
I think his term should be over right now ... not even bother to replace him .
Since the money bags are running everything , why bother having a figurehead who somehow can be at Town Halls and at National Parks at the same time , who keeps getting excused for how much he has on his plate , but never misses a chance to waste his time smooth talking instead of producing and keeps ample time for family , too , when anyone without ice water in their veins would barely be able to bring themselves to sleep before this stuff was handled .....
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... NYCartist said on 8/17/2009 @ 2:33 pm PT ...
I thought Nader was doing , on DemocracyNow , on Aug.14 , 2009 was what Nader does best : consumer
rights .
The transcript is online if you prefer reading to video www.democracynow.org.
I object to use of " crazy " " crazies " and all variations on the word to refer to political extremists and / or political opponents .
Although used for too many years ( it even appears in the
Lincoln campaign as reported by Herbert David Donald in his 2003 " We Are Lincoln Men " ) , it further stereotypes the mentally ill / mentally disabled .
The mentally disabled already catch enough grief in this society .
There are better ways to " put down " your oppponent .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 8/17/2009 @ 2:36 pm PT ...
I have to agree with 99 on this one , Floridiot .
Obama 's talk about one - term , like so much that he says , is empty rhetoric .
The issue is not what Obama " says " but what " we " are going to do .
Check out " Nader was Right : Liberals are Going Nowhere with Obama " by Chris Hedges :
Our task is to build movements that can act as a counterweight to the corporate rape of America .
We must opt out of the mainstream .
We must articulate and stand behind a viable and uncompromising socialism , one that is firmly and unequivocally on the side of working men and women .
We must give up the self - delusion that we can influence the power elite from the inside … .
If we remain passive as we undergo the largest transference of wealth upward in American history , our open society will die .
My immediate purpose in writing this piece was to expose the betrayal .
( In that regard , I would hope that you and other regulars at The Brad Blog would weigh in at Digg & Reddit so that this vital news spreads . )
But I was also serious when I wrote that I intend to pay greater attention to Nader .
The problem I 've had with Nader has never been his substance .
It pertains to tactics .
If he were to join Progressive Democrats of America , helping to recapture a Democratic Party which has been co-opted by the corporatists --- seeking to replace sell - outs like Jane Harmon with true progressives like Marcy Winograd in 2010 ; if he then declared that he would run against Obama in the 2012 Democratic primaries , I think he could change the entire dynamic in which Nader 's independent status enabled the corporatist " do n't throw away your vote " strategy .
Most of us , myself included , were so distraught over the eight disastrous years of the Bush / Cheney regime , so desirous of change , any change , that we carelessly failed to adequately parse what I would readily concede was Obama 's greatest strength --- brilliant , spell - binding oration .
But Obama has since proven that he is but kinder , gentler face for Empire and the corporate security state .
NYCartist :
You and I will have to agree to disagree on the use of " crazies , " even though I think you make a valid point .
When you consider the group think that emerged in the aftermath of 9/11 , the ease with which fear was parlayed into the dehumanization of all things Arab and Muslim and a never - ending " global war on terror , " when you consider the ease with which the Bush / Cheney regime drummed up support for the murderous imperial conquest of Iraq and an all out assault on civil liberties at home , the concept of collective insanity gains traction .
When self - serving wing - nuts " leaders " can create pseudo - controversies like the " birther " movement ; when they make up imaginary " death panels " and get so many people to not only buy into them but to carryout brown - shirt like disruptions --- well , NYC , I just think " that " is insane .
Perhaps not in the technical , clinical sense , but insanity nevertheless .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 8/17/2009 @ 2:39 pm PT ...
Oh yeah , I think he 'll be replaced alright ... with Palin .
This country is soo messed up r from the corporatist having control of it forever .
IMO what O is doing is no different than what I used to do , except I was the quasi-dictator , taking over multi-million dollar electrical jobs from someone did n't know what he was doing , ran into the red and had to try and pull them out of the hole in a month or so .
You can't possibly blow the whole thing up and start over , you have to try everything to see if the person you were taking over for ideas worked first , if not try something different .
The mess he has I could give him four years and that still would n't be enough time after 30 years + of bullshit .
Whatever , it 's pretty easy to sit back and criticize , I used to get that too from the workers that were already there when I 'd show up .
If I were him I 'd get the fuck out after four .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 8/17/2009 @ 3:35 pm PT ...
I think there 's every possibility you are right about replacing him with Palin , Flo , but I just do n't think it will make any actual difference except be more embarrassing for us to have that freak as our figurehead .
And , I bet when you were dictator , even if you did n't tear everything down and start over , you worked your butt off to make sure the broken stuff got fixed , NOT strengthened in its brokentude ... did n't run off soaping the customers that the broken mess was really going to be fine now that you were there to double - talk them out of worrying anymore .
I could get behind a dictator like you .
Dictators would not be so awful if they actually had our benefit in mind while doing their dictatorial thing .
And it is n't just delivering on healthcare reform that all this craziness is distracting us from !
We 've now got evidence that Obama backed the Honduran coup .
He 's asked Congress to let the Pentagon post 400,000 troops on American soil .
He does n't want to prosecute war criminals and traitors from the last administration , even though it is his legal duty to make sure it happens .
Letting big coal continue to blow off mountain tops .
Appointing scads of dirty industry lobbyists to head government departments .
All kinds of awful stuff .
Nope .
He is blatantly not acting in good faith .
He 's just hiding behind that eloquent pie hole of his .
It does not at all look to me as though he is trying to improve things for anyone on earth but the same fat cats * and Fudd were so determinedly fattening .
If there were one solid instance where I could unequivocally say he 's done the right thing , I might be able to have a little ray of faith , but I can't find one , and I 've been looking hard .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 8/17/2009 @ 4:03 pm PT ...
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 8/17/2009 @ 5:48 pm PT ...
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 8/17/2009 @ 6:01 pm PT ...
Thanks 99 for two excellent links , especially John Pilger 's " Obama is a Corporate Marketing Creation . "
Powerful stuff !
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Tunga said on 8/17/2009 @ 6:36 pm PT ...
Maybe if the representatives exposing themselves to the body politic had actually read or had some sort of clue as to what they were supposed to be standing for they would not have come under such heavy fire at all those unscripted town hall meetings .
Tunga is not highly educated nor has he ever been in the military but he does know one thing every American veteran should know : " it 's a REPUBLIC stupid ! "
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 8/17/2009 @ 7:43 pm PT ...
Senator Patty Murray responded to a friend 's inquiry on healthcare reform , and another friend made some brilliant point by point analyses which I am sharing here : Sen. Patty Murray wrote : Dear Ms. XXXXX , Ph.D. :
Thank you for writing me regarding the need for reform in our health care system .
It is good to hear from you .
As you know , health care reform is one of the most critical issues currently facing our nation .
Our current health care system is unstable and unsustainable .
XXXX 's analysis of Murray 's position .
Wrong .
It is perfectly feasible and overwhelmingly likely , at this point , that the " current health care system " will continue .
It is stable .
Leaving medical care to private industry is the default condition in underdeveloped countries , and of humanity since antiquity --- those who can pay , get care ; those who cannot pay , die .
This is evil , but , it 's stable .
What does " sustainable " mean ?
It means nothing in this context .
The word has been stolen from the movement to save the global environment .
By misuse of the word , Murray creates semantic dispersion around the meaning of the word in the minds of the public , which undermines the environmental movement .
At best , Murray has used the word " unsustainable " just to create color and excitement in her letter , while saying NOTHING .
That is the defining characteristic of all politicians .
Another eerie coincidence in Murray 's letter is the word " instability " , which is the emergent rationalization for wars .
You can't say a country is a menace because it 's communist .
It 's laughable .
You also can't say they 're a threat , or they 're attacking America , or any other legitimate casus belli .
So , they talk about " failed states " and " instability " .
By using the word " Unstable " in the healthcare debate , Murray builds subconscious affinity for the idea of stability , and subconscious aversion to the idea of " Instability " .
She would love to hear a million healthcare advocates , giving speeches , criticizing " Instability " .
This is how we lose the game , folks .
Too many Americans with insurance worry that they might lose health insurance due to rising costs , changing or losing jobs or even getting sick .
Too many business owners want to cover their employees , but cannot because it is simply too expensive .
And millions of Americans are uninsured and the cost of their care is passed on to those with coverage in the form of higher premiums .
Gee , thanks Patty Murray , for repeating the fears .
By repeating them , you have our attention riveted on these issues .
Why did n't Patty Murray say , instead : " By adopting universal coverage , Americans will be freed from their fear of losing coverage " ?
Obviously , she does not support broadening coverage at all -- her real goals are obvious , and they coincide with the Insurance Lobby .
Health care reform efforts should strive to ensure that affordable , high - quality , and meaningful health coverage options are available to all Americans .
I believe it should be a top priority to ensure Americans have access to coverage that allows them to see a doctor when they need to .
People should not be forced to receive their coverage in hospital emergency rooms .
Obviously Patty wants more customers for the health insurance industry .
Emergency rooms ?
The medical industry wants to be released from the requirement to give life - saving care at emergency rooms , regardless whether the sick and dying can pay .
After months of hearings and over 50 hours of public markups , I was pleased that on July 15th , the Senate Health , Education , Labor , and Pensions ( HELP ) Committee passed the Affordable Health Choices Act .
The Affordable Health Choices
Act lays out policy changes for health care reform in America .
This package works to rein in health care costs with a goal of lowering them in the long term and ensure that all Americans have access to high quality , affordable health care coverage .
It allows those who like their health insurance to keep it and provides options to those who do not have access to health insurance coverage .
Of course .
It protects the high income , political donor class from any reduction in their access to medical services .
Is n't that the whole point ?
It protects them from having to pay for healthcare to the people who do n't have money , because they stole all the money from them fair and square .
Most of all it prevents the poor from getting access to the good equipment , the good doctors , the private hospital rooms .
Because there are not enough to go around .
The rich are playing for keeps .
They 're not going to concede any territory without a holy war .
This bill includes provisions to implement several key health insurance reforms .
For example , insurance companies would no longer be able to refuse coverage to individuals due to preexisting conditions , patients ' out - of - pocket expenses would be limited and all annual and lifetime caps on insurance coverage would be eliminated .
Translation --- ALL the insurance companies will be forced to obey some new conditions -- this is a cartel - protecting measure , resulting from regulatory capture , that threatens none of them , so they 're happy .
Meanwhile , healthy people wo n't be able to get cheap health insurance anymore , from carriers who specialize in healthy people .. we will all have to pay our share of the new welfare measures for the chronically ill , etc .
Get it ?
It 's a modest expansion of public welfare , but the administration is privatized out of the government to the health insurance industry .
( Their overhead is 20 % .
The overhead of the medicare system is 3 % ) I am absolutely disgusted and sickened by Patty Murray , and ready for a Republican senator .
How would that be any worse ?
She is one of the most active senators supporting the military complex , Israel , weapons industries and bases , corporate globalization , trade agreements and the banking sector , How could a Republican be any worse ?
As a senior member of the HELP Committee , I am particularly proud that this bill includes provisions that would increase the number of Americans going into health care professions .
These programs will ensure our system has enough workers to provide much - needed medical care .
The passage of the Affordable Health Choices
Act out of the HELP Committee is a major step in the longer process of health care reform .
The Senate Finance Committee is also working on many aspects of health care reform and the Affordable Health Choices
Act will need to be combined with this legislation in the future .
The Finance Committee is expected to release their proposal soon .
In addition , the House of Representatives is working on a separate version of health care reform legislation .
As this effort continues , I will certainly keep your thoughts in mind .
You can find more information on my Website at http://murray.senate.gov/healthcarereform/.
Again , thank you for contacting me about this important issue .
If you would like to know more about my work in the Senate , please feel free to sign up for my weekly updates at http://murray.senate.gov/updates.
Please keep in touch .
I hope all is well in Shoreline .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 8/17/2009 @ 8:21 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... me said on 8/17/2009 @ 9:34 pm PT ...
Wow , the wing nuts are out .
Funny but all I saw was Americans protesting something they feel strongly about .
As far as Obama betraying you goes all I can say is you get what you deserve , another LBJ .
A piece of advice for you next time you get to vote ; do n't listen to what they say , READ what they have done over the past several years .
If you " over educated " wonders had done that you would n't be crying now ....
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... me said on 8/17/2009 @ 9:37 pm PT ...
Actually upon reflection I think Obama is going to have a lot of Jimmy Carter in him as well .
Good news for Jimmy , he now has a chance of loosing the handle of " worst president in the past 100 years "
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... cann4ing said on 8/17/2009 @ 10:22 pm PT ...
Oh " me , " oh my !
Carter " the handle of ' worst president in the past 100 years " ?
Sorry , my right wing friend , but amongst those who would be far worse were Nixon , Ford , Reagan , and both Bushes , Jr. no doubt qualifying as the dumbest MF to ever occupy the WH .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 8/17/2009 @ 10:46 pm PT ...
I think we 're entering into a whole new dimension in the goodness and badness of presidents thing .
I 'm stuck .
If Obama is doing a better job of being as bad as Junior , does that make him better or worse ?
And , whatever else you can say about Carter , he was probably the nicest , most decent human to ever hold the office of President of the United States .
If it were not for that fiend Brzezinski , he might have ended up as the greatest president in our history ....
Funny how we 've got that fiend back now ....
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... cann4ing said on 8/17/2009 @ 10:58 pm PT ...
One measure , 99 , is a difference in philosophy reflected by these quotes : “ The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much ; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little . ”
-- Franklin D. Roosevelt
“ The greatest challenge we face is the growing gap between the rich and poor people on earth . ”
-- Jimmy Carter
“ More than anything else , I want to see the United States remain a country where someone can get rich . ”
-- Ronald Reagan
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 8/17/2009 @ 11:53 pm PT ...
Man , you said it !
I hated Reagan from the moment he cut Medi-Cal benefits to the elderly as Governor of California .
That filthy son of a bitch !
I was a senior in high school and working as a nurse 's aide at a convalescent hospital .
Inside a week , ten of our patients were dead ... all of them on Medi - Cal ... all dependent on those funds to stay alive .
Even if , personally , I would not want to be alive if the only way to stay that way was to be stuck in a hole like that , receiving " care " without which I would be dead , that demonstrated with precision how many real lives hang in the balance when these rat bastards go along their merry get - rich - quick , pay - less - taxes ways .
Income taxes are not legal .
Income taxes are actually un-Constitutional , but not all taxing is bad , or wrong .
We can goddam find ways to pay for a decent standard of living and care for EVERYBODY , " provide for the common welfare " , as our hero Soul Rebel reminds us , without giving in to these immortally greedy fascist fucks !
As Nader says , we are not at the Bangladesh level in terms of passivity , but we are getting there .
And that so totally is the wrong way to be trending .
It 's getting to the point where I 'm fascinated by the right wing vertebral integrity , even as I hate the moronic tricks being used to rile them up this badly .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Giant Haystacks said on 8/18/2009 @ 12:25 am PT ...
I can't say I agree with all the criticism of Obama over this .
Of course , getting a crap reform out of the whole malarkey is ' not a good thing ' .
But what on earth do the critics expect ?
Last time anyone even tried to achieve reform it was defeated , right ?
Why pretend that all Obama need do is put some brilliant plan together ?
It does n't work like that .
The disappointment from those wanting more substantial reform has to be gauged against the absolute fury - and power - of those resisting it .
What good is putting up a reform that will defeated ?
Even a very moderate reform , which the disappointed are excoriating Obama over , is raising hell amongst the opponents of reform .
How in hell does anyone seriously expect serious and wide reaching reform to be approved by Senate and Congress - let alone the power - brokers and the American people themselves ?
You have to recognise the stiff and very serious opposition to the least thing Obama attempts .
Not crucify him because of the opposition 's intransigence and power to prevent reform .
The least thing Obama tries is greeted with incredible opposition - how do you expect substantial reform ?
Yeah - sad - but ..... why act as if Obama is selling people out ?
He can't click his fingers and transform the entire american political landscape , its system of entrenched power , the whole american culture .
Why not focus your fire where its more deserved rather than criticise Obama for betraying a socialism he never promised - something which if he had promised would never have seem him elected .
The main betrayal will be from Obama 's supporters on the left , failing to support him achieving the possible - in lieu of their impossible dreams .
People imagining America is crying out for socialism are dreaming .
Do n't mistake your own views as being those of the country at large ?
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 8/18/2009 @ 12:57 am PT ...
Not crucify him because of the opposition 's intransigence and power to prevent reform .
The opposition 's intransigence and power is a lot of sound and fury signifying nothing but some duped and pissed off so - called conservatives who have been set to action and covered obsessively by the media precisely to HELP Obama get the political cover not to deliver on universal health care .
We 're getting a fascist - friendly mandatory coverage bill instead of a people - friendly healthcare system because the fat cats want it that way , and Obama wants to do whatever they pay him to do .
That 's dirt obvious by now .
So quit crowing about the power of the opposition because you sound like a Democrat when you do that .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 8/18/2009 @ 12:59 am PT ...
Besides , it 's also dirt obvious that the public at large wants universal healthcare ... as long as you look at the real stats and not the circus on tv .
We 're not total dopes around here , you know .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Giant Haystacks said on 8/18/2009 @ 1:27 am PT ...
...duped and pissed off so - called conservatives who have been set to action and covered obsessively by the media precisely to HELP Obama get the political cover not to deliver on universal health care .
What 's your evidence that Obama is willingly and purposefully engaged in such a deception ?
Why imagine it thus - as opposed to him being merely realistic in what he can even expect to achieve ?
The reforms are hardly radical , yet look at the opposition ?
I think you 're dreaming to expect greater reform .
Work for more , by all means .... try to push Obama further left .
Try to build some support for more radical reform ?
Build and reinforce a condensus - but what you seem to miss is that portraying Obama as wilfully engaged in betrayal does not achieve that - it does the opposite .
Then you 'll complain he is n't achieving anything - and you were right all along .
But how is he supposed to achieve anything with no support ?
Seriously - how ?
You even admit yourself that ' the media are obsessively covering ' the boot - boy opposition .
You think that comes out of nowhere ?
The boot - boys and the media ...?
You think the power nexus that reflects can just be magicked out of existence ?
It represents something real .
Of course the boot - boys are n't reflective of the public at large - but they 've been mobilised by who and what ?
And the media coverage is directed by who and what interests does it serve ?
That 's genuine , deep seated , powerful opposition .
So , where 's the betrayal if it 's actually you helping swell their ranks ?
We 're getting a fascist - friendly mandatory coverage bill ....
Yeah , sure .
But again - you implicitly recognise there are power groups whom have interests - and are already viciously opposed and mobilising all the opposition they can .
They exist - they 're real , right ?
the fat cats want it that way , and Obama wants to do whatever they pay him to do .
How do you know ?
how do you know that is n't your warped view ?
How do you know it is n't Obama facing political reality ?
Politics is the art of the possible , is n't it ?
So ..... you can dream ..... but you have to build support , not parrot the same lines as the boot - boys you complain the media are obsessing over .
Just 9 months after Bush ...... and ( an admittedly moderate ) healthcare reform is betrayal ?
Of course , Bush had a much better healthcare reform on the table , right ?
It think you 're dreaming .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Giant Haystacks said on 8/18/2009 @ 1:36 am PT ...
And ..... whilst opinion polls have consistently shown big majorities for healthcare reform .... WHERE ARE THEY RIGHT NOW ?
What are they doing to give Obama support ?
Is there a huge groundswell of opinion and activism to support Obama , or to even demand a push leftwards ?
Is there ?
I do n't sense it at all - I sense fear over costs , and the usual suspicion over " socialism " .
We 're talking about Washington , not the Socialist Workers ' Party .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 8/18/2009 @ 2:52 am PT ...
They voted for him , Haystacks , they voted for him , and they voted in the majorities he 'd need to get it done .
Period .
And that is , in a real democratic republic , all that is needed .
It 's when fascists step in with their money , their " lobbyists " that there is a problem .
Still , that is not excuse enough to do things like break the constitution and betray your constituents , but they make it do , and especially with the help of apologists like you , and the media they own and the clowns they can dupe .
The big majorities want single payer , walk in to whatever doctor you want and get the help you need .
That 's actual , and there 's not a damn thing but plutocrats , and those they own , standing in the way .
I hope the Brown Shirts do start a revolution so we can kick their asses and get our country back .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Giant Haystacks said on 8/18/2009 @ 5:16 am PT ...
So no evidence then ?
Thought not .
They voted for him , Haystacks , they voted for him , and they voted in the majorities he 'd need to get it done .
Period .
And that is , in a real democratic republic , all that is needed .
You want elected dictatorship only when it suits you ?
Nice ....
The big majorities want single payer , walk in to whatever doctor you want and get the help you need .
That 's actual , and there 's not a damn thing but plutocrats , and those they own , standing in the way .
Well , so you say .
Quite how you know is n't clear .
But even if that is so - where is the support ?
How is it going to happen in the face of such rabid opposition when even supposed supporters of reform like yourself are crying " betrayal " and accusing him of doing ' whatever [ the fat - cats ] pay him to do ' ?
You suggest there are powerful forces at play - fat - cats and ' fascists ' - but you do n't seem to recognise they form formidable opposition to reform .
They exist as all - powerful one moment - when you suggest Obama is their willing stooge - but they disappear off the political stage the moment you seek to suggest Obama is failing to deliver .
Do they exist or not ?
Are they an opposition or not ?
Yes - clearly they are an opposition - and a very powerful one .
It 's a political reality - but one you seemingly only recognise so long as you can portray Obama being in hoc to it .
Why is that ?
What about recognising it as a power implacably opposed to Obama and healthcare refrom ?
What about recognising it as a power you effectively support when you suggest Obama 's a willing actor in some deception designed to fleece american people and protect the status quo ?
Do you really want to protect the status quo ?
Based on your ( seemingly groundless ) assumption that Obama works for " them " ?
Seemingly because you fear you wo n't achieve everything you want you 'll add to the opposition !
Hmmm .
You do n't even support income tax , so how you can crow about a failure to move towards a more socialised healthcare seems odd to say the least .
I hope the Brown Shirts do start a revolution so we can kick their asses and get our country back .
Wow - careful what you wish for ......?
" Wing - Nut Mobs Provide Cover for Obama / Baucus Health Care Betrayal "
How about " Faux Obama Supporters Backstab and Betray Reform " ?
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 8/18/2009 @ 7:02 am PT ...
Disappearing Fat Cats ?
Someone needs to visit open secrets ; o ) http://www.opensecrets.o...Health+Issues&year=a
With such money , health care will never be universal in the USA .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... medsearch said on 8/18/2009 @ 8:39 am PT ...
In reality , there is little difference between the Republicans and Democrats , once the window dressing is removed .
Obamacare will cost this nation thousands of jobs .
In my industry , medical sales , we have already lost over 20,000 medical device sales jobs .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Kindra Muntz said on 8/18/2009 @ 9:28 am PT ...
Wed , Aug , 19th , 5 PM EST .
Join in the call .
Submit your question or request .
Have your voice heard .
Be positive .
Want single payer ?
Let them know .-- There may still be time to achieve real reform .
Kindra AN INVITATION TO ATTEND NATIONAL FAITH COMMUNITY CALL TO ACTION ABOUT NATIONAL HEALTH CARE REFORM
To listen in on the nationwide phone call , log on to www.faithforhealth.org at the time of the call .
Or you may dial 347-996-5501 ( no passcode , long - distance charges may apply ) .
Because of the large volume of attendees expected , listening online is the preferred method .
The event is expected to last about 40 minutes .
To submit a question for the speakers and to RSVP that you 'll be on the call , go to : www.faithforhealth.org/join-the-call.
The National Faith Community “ Call to Action ” scheduled for this Wednesday evening ( August 19th ) at 5:00 PM EST is a national call - in and audio webcast on health care reform scheduled to include over thirty faith based organizations including the African Methodist Church , Catholics United , the Evangelical Lutheran Church , the Episcopal Church and the Unitarian Universalist Association .
The goal of the call is to connect and energize the millions of people of faith across the country who are concerned about health care and who want to be part of the solution .
The event is expected to last about 40 minutes .
This is a critical time in our nation ’s health care reform debate : we are witnessing cynical demagoguery that plays on fear in order to defend privilege .
Good people can and do disagree on health care policy , but we must all join together to demand open , respectful debate .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 8/18/2009 @ 10:34 am PT ...
Comment # 13 by " me " " Wow , the wing nuts are out .
Funny but all I saw was Americans protesting something they feel strongly about . "
_____________________________
I do n't doubt for a minute the passion of many of the wing - nutters .
Many no doubt actually believe the right - wing lies about such things as " death panels " or the government interfering with Medicare , just as many of these same wing - nutters bought into the " birther " nonsense .
( For those still uninformed , Medicare is a government run , single - payer health care system similar to what is provided in Canada , France etc .
Medicare doctors are in private practice ; the government is the only payer .
This contrasts with the UK system in which the physicians and hospitals are government employees --- the same as our VA provides for veterans .
The cost of health care in the UK , per patient , is 40 % of the per patient cost in the U.S.
France is ranked # 1 in health care services .
The U.S. ranks 37th . )
There are two types of wing - nuts invading the town halls --- the deceived and the deceivers .
The deceivers are the ones organizing these pseudo - grass roots protests --- people with their fingers dipped deep inside the health care insurance money pots .
Their only passion is to be found in their bank statements .
The rest are decidedly uninformed lemmings --- " useful idiots " as Lenin would say .
Kindra Muntz : I appreciate your call to get past " cynical demagoguery . "
However , I question whether the faith - based community provides the ideal forum .
My own preference is the scientific community , such as Physicians for a National Health Program .
( PNHP )
If you go to that link , you will find a wealth of objective information --- all of which demonstrates that the only " reform " is " single - payer " --- everything else is a scam designed to preserve our corrupt , dysfunctional and deadly multi-payer system .
If the National Faith Community really wants to " connect and energize millions of people of faith ... concerned about health care and who want to be part of the solution , " they would do well to contact the PNHP to see if it can furnish physician - speakers for its events .
( They might also do well to include a session showing Michael Moore 's Sicko ! )
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 8/18/2009 @ 10:41 am PT ...
Novak croaks
Not gonna laugh , but sure as shit ain't gonna cry .
A liar and a shill for thieves .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 8/18/2009 @ 12:01 pm PT ...
... but you do n't seem to recognise they form formidable opposition to reform ....
I recognize they are un-American , greedy , self - satisfied , war pigs with no regard for humanity or even the planet , the sort who always rise to this level of wealth and power because their avarice knows that no -scruples wins out over good faith most of the time .
In fact , one can raise it to an art form .
One can spin a complete lack of scruples to stupid people , emotionally involved people , blindly patriotic people , religious people and extremely vain people , and make unscrupulousness seem like the uppermost in probity ... until it is too late to do anything about it .
I mean , hell , just ask the guy paying you to come here and spread all these talking points in the classic " concern troll " mode if you have any doubts about the veracity of my assertion here .
I 'm not falling for this crap about " formidable opposition " to cover for not producing what virtually everyone in the country wants .
The triumph of the corporate imperative over the common welfare [ your " formidable opposition " ] is known as fascism , and this is how Americans feel about that .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Giant Haystacks said on 8/18/2009 @ 12:23 pm PT ...
Agent99 : I mean , hell , just ask the guy paying you to come here and spread all these talking points in the classic " concern troll " mode if you have any doubts about the veracity of my assertion here .
You 're a fool - and into conspiracy theory .
Hmm .
From the article :
These provide the perfect cover .
They permit the more gifted corporate Democrats , for example Barack Obama , to seduce the great masses of working stiffs who make up the American electorate with soaring , but ultimately deceptive , rhetoric ; producing brief euphoria on the eve of the last election , followed by no real substantive change .
Like agent99 , the author seems to assume that failure to implement a policy means purposeful betrayal .
There seems no appreciation of even the possibility that failure can arise from opposition from well known , powerful , deep - seated interests .
There 's no debate those forces exist , the author asserts them - but there 's an assumption if those forces are n't overcome such failure must be a purposeful betrayal .
It is n't a dictatorship , you know ?
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Disillusioned said on 8/18/2009 @ 12:23 pm PT ...
[ quote ]
The problem I 've had with Nader has never been his substance .
It pertains to tactics .
If he were to join Progressive Democrats of America , helping to recapture a Democratic Party which has been co-opted by the corporatists --- seeking to replace sell - outs like Jane Harmon with true progressives like Marcy Winograd in 2010 ; if he then declared that he would run against Obama in the 2012 Democratic primaries , I think he could change the entire dynamic in which Nader 's independent status enabled the corporatist " do n't throw away your vote " strategy . [ / quote ]
Ron Paul tried this for the fiscal conservatives and libertarians .
He tried to change the repugnant party by working from within it .
Guess how much he was able to change the dynamic of the repugnant party ?
They tried to laugh him off the stage in the debates , the media gave him very little coverage , even though his remarks were dead on the most rational remarks out of any GOP candidate 's mouth .
Ultimately its hard to say that he had any effect on the party even though he had support in the millions , and raised almost 40 million dollars .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 8/18/2009 @ 12:54 pm PT ...
It is n't a dictatorship , you know ?
When the executive can issue signing statements announcing what portions of a bill he will abide by and which he will not , that 's a dictatorship .
When the executive is n't impeached for high crimes and misdemeanors , that 's a dictatorship .
When the executive can prevent the lawful prosecution of war criminals , traitors and felons , that 's a dictatorship .
Wake up and smell the coffee .
When the executive can foist health insurance expansion off on the public as " healthcare reform " , that too is dictatorship , even if it's as much the fault of the rubes as the executive .
You ignore that the president and the legislature have the mandate for single payer .
You just keep ignoring that , trying to make this sound like some exercise in realpolitik .
So many numbskulls have been conditioned to excuse stuff on that filthy basis .
It does n't make it excusable .
And it is not the pejorative conspiracy theorizing when the conspirators are doing it right out in the open , when even you can see and cite the conspiracy .
I 'm pretty sure that has to rise to the level of conspiracy fact , even in your world view .
[ And , unlike the cursed 43 , 44 is n't a dolt , knows perfectly well what he 's doing , and so it is mild to characterize this as " betrayal " . ]
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 8/18/2009 @ 2:27 pm PT ...
It is difficult , Giant Haystacks , to engage in meaningful dialogue with the willfully under - informed .
From the content of your posts , it is painfully obvious that you did not bother to watch Ralph Nader 's powerful critique on Democracy Now .
It is also clear that you did not follow Agent 99's link ( comment # 8 ) to John Pilger 's " Obama is a Corporate Marketing Creation . "
Nader 's observations were more charitable than Pilger's : RALPH NADER :
What is emerging here is what was being planned by the Obama White House all along , which is they would ... only demand legislation that was accepted by the big drug companies and the big health insurance companies .
You can see this emerging over the last few months .
President Obama has met with the heads of the drug companies and the health insurance companies .
Some executives have met with President Obama four to five times in the White House in the last few months .
He has never met with the longtime leaders of the “ Full Medicare for Everybody ” movement ... "
( Not much of a dialogue over health care when those representing a reform --- single - payer --- favored by 60 % of the American electorate can't even get an audience with the President . )
The people who voted for Obama , and that was a decisive majority , were not looking for capitulation to the Bush agenda .
They were certainly not seeking bi-partisanship at any price .
To the contrary , people expected Obama 's deeds to match his soaring campaign rhetoric .
But what we 've received , so far , is the very thing Obama pinned on McCain --- " more of the same . "
Your " formidable opposition " argument ignores the true power of the Presidency as a bully pulpit .
Nader spelled out what Obama could have done if he truly desired to do what was right .
" The big mistake that the Obama administration made was they did not have continual public congressional hearings documenting the greed , the fraud , the $ 250 billion in billing fraud and abuse alone that the GAO years ago has documented .
They did n’t document the $ 350 billion of waste , the overhead of Aetna and UnitedHealthcare and other health insurance companies with their massive executive salaries and bureaucracies .
They did not document the deaths , the injuries , the sickness that hundreds of thousands of Americans go through every year because they can’t afford health care .
And by not doing that , by playing this behind - the - scenes game with these executives from the big health - industrial complex , they were vulnerable to the split in their own party … . "
Had Obama chosen to use the bully pulpit to advance what 60 % of the American electorate already supported --- single - payer --- had he taken the opportunity to expose the true " opposition " to be but a few greedy insurance carrier CEOs & their Wall Street investors ; had he painted the full and honest picture of the corrupt , dysfunctional and deadly multi-payer system as one that places profits over the health and very lives of our people , your " formidable opposition " would have disbursed , searching for a good place to hide .
The fundamental mistake so many have made is to assume that Obama actually desired what is best for the American people .
If that were the case , he would have pressed for what he favored when he was an Illinois state senator --- single - payer , which , even now , Obama concedes is the only system that would provide full coverage for every American .
Recognizing that this would have shut the door to the massive corporate campaign contributions , which have become a vital component for coverage by a corporate - owned , mainstream media .
Candidates who do not play the corporate contribution game , amassing the millions to spend on 30 - second , deceptive spot TV ads , like Kucinich , are marginalized by the corporate media .
As part of a self - fulfilling prophesy the corporate media justifies non-coverage , claiming the candidate is " not viable . "
In truth , it is the failure of the corporate media to cover the substantive issues candidates like Kucinich represent that renders them not viable .
During the campaign , Obama chose to play it fast & loose with a vague " universal coverage " plan that could involve an undefined " public option " --- an option he was prepared to abandon from day one .
As I noted in the article , " the effort to satisfy both corporate greed and the health care needs of our people is a fool 's errand . "
Such an effort , even if sincere , is destined to fail .
Pilger 's astute analysis reveals that the effort was never sincere .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... previously banned commenter said on 8/18/2009 @ 4:41 pm PT ...
[ed note : Comment by previously banned commenter deleted . -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/18/2009 @ 5:01 pm PT ...
" As the corporate media misdirects focus on brown shirt - like disruptions at the town halls , the real " death panels " --- the corporate profiteers and their bought - and - paid - for politicians " Everyone 's learning !
The corporate media 's job is to speak for the few wealthiest , corporations , the military industrial complex , and politicians who back THEM and not US !
They set 'em up by filming the protesters ( astroturf ) , and knock 'em down by subsequently running headlines " public option is dead because of the protesters we 're filming " .
The mainstream media is a well - constructed infomercial for the folks I mentioned above .
It 's THEIR infomercial .
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/18/2009 @ 5:05 pm PT ...
" What we are seeing is a classic case of perception management by the corporate - owned , mainstream media .
The same media , which inundates prime time news hours with wing - nut , town hall protests , failed to so much as mention that , in the span of one week , thirteen single - payer advocates were arrested for protesting their exclusion from the discussions of health care " reform " taking place in the Baucus - led Senate Finance Committee . "
" By extensive coverage of wing - nuts , the corporate media skewed reality .
The " opposition " to a " public option " comes from a tiny but very vocal minority . "
WOW !
You 're good !
I can't argue with you !
That 's a first !
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/18/2009 @ 5:09 pm PT ...
" By extensive coverage of wing - nuts , the corporate media skewed reality .
The " opposition " to a " public option " comes from a tiny but very vocal minority . "
You forgot to add " on purpose " .
They skewed it on purpose .
There , I got my critical comment in !
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/18/2009 @ 5:11 pm PT ...
Comment 30 : And you should hear the " liberal media " clips about how great Novak was , you know , like they did with Buckley .
Rewriting history .
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/18/2009 @ 5:35 pm PT ...
Then we 'll see the FINAL stage of the MSM infomercial : " DEMOCRATS CAVE IN " http://www.google.com/#h...;aq=f&fp=1&cad=b
Instead of " the infomercial worked " , thanks once again - Edward Bernays !
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/18/2009 @ 5:38 pm PT ...
Start dusting off the " DEMOCRATS CAVE IN " skeleton headlines !
The funny thing is , a lot of those headlines I have in the google search , are the Democrats " caving in " to Bush .
So , they " cave in " to everyone ?
Themselves , even when they have the majority ?
The " CAVE IN " party !
Phil will like this video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3aoazoZPrlI
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/18/2009 @ 5:46 pm PT ...
Google " democrats cave in " ... " cave in " = Democrats are Republicans : Democrats Cave in to Bush Economic " Stimulus " Package Democrats ' cave - in on Bush spying bill Democrats cave in to big business as Card check provision dropped ... The Democrats Cave to Bush Democrats Cave on Health Care Democrats cave in to Big Pharma Democrats Cave on Surveillance Bill Senate Democrats Cave - Agree To Give Bush More Power To Spy On ... Senate Democrats Cave to Dick Cheney Democrats Cave on CAFTA
Democrats cave to GOP on spying act
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/18/2009 @ 5:48 pm PT ...
They better not use the word " CAVE IN " on health care : YOU CAN'T " CAVE IN " IF YOU HAVE THE MAJORITY !
YOU ARE COMPLICIT !
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/18/2009 @ 5:55 pm PT ...
These are real cut / pastes from google : Democrats cave on Iraq Democrats cave on Iran Democrats Wiretap Bill : Cave - in Democrats Cave on Offshore Drilling Democrats ' cave - in on warrantless wiretapping Senate Democrats cave , endorse new spy powers Democrats cave in on torture Democrats cave to GOP on spying act Democrats To Cave - Once Again - On FISA Democrats cave and put kids in danger Democrats Cave to Bush on Spying Democrats cave in on abortion rights Democrats cave in to funding Iraq war Democrats Cave - In To Bush Veto Threat Democrats Cave In to Rich Donors ' Demands
Do they ever NOT " cave in " ???????
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... previously banned said on 8/19/2009 @ 4:18 am PT ...
[ed note : Stays banned no matter how many proxies he uses . -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 8/21/2009 @ 12:21 pm PT ...
NOTICE : THERE IS A MENTALLY DERANGED PERSON WHO HAS BEEN BANNED FROM THE BRAD BLOG FOR A LONG TIME , CONTINUING TO COME IN OFF A NUMBER OF PROXY SERVERS FROM ALL OVER THE WORLD AND USING A NUMBER OF DIFFERENT SCREEN NAMES .
SO IF YOU SEE COMMENTS WHINING ABOUT " A FIRST - TIME POSTER " BEING BANNED FOR DISAGREEING WITH US , ETC .
JUST DISAPPEARING , THAT IS WHY .
SORRY .
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... Dr. bob said on 8/25/2009 @ 10:36 pm PT ...
Since everything is so obviously connected to everything else in the political scheme of the United States , it seems to me that if our government is going to work for the general good , then , all reform depends on campaign finance reform .
Because is n’t it true that all attempts at reform -- on whatever front -- come up against a moneyed wall , thrown up by the very wealthy , who employ members of our government as masons ?
If I 'm right , then all the efforts -- the blood , sweat and tears and money -- expended on health care , the environment , the economy , etc. represents a massive diffusion of energy , and therefore dissipates the force or impact of each individual attempt at reform .
I wonder what it would look like if all this diffused energy was focused on the single issue of getting corporate money out of politics , accepting that it is the first order of business for any sort of meaningful positive change .
Everyone has a dog in this fight .
Maybe if we knocked down the wall blocking campaign finance reform , then we could get single - payer health care , less war , better media , schools , and we might even survive as a race for the foreseeable future .
Would n’t this kind of single focus be the best strategy for making reform of every kind possible ?
Is n’t campaign finance reform a kind of pre-condition for all other reform ?
Here 's the rub : how and where can you get a collalition of reformers to come together and take this , the quinetessential issue on ?
Is it possible ?
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 8/26/2009 @ 9:49 am PT ...
Actually , Dr. Bob , there can be no meaningful campaign finance reform without a fundamental change in media .
The problem is that 95 % of what we see and hear is controlled by a handful of huge media conglomerates .
Corporations are anti-democratic institutions .
Noam Chomsky describes them as the functional equivalent to a totalitarian state .
Because knowledge is vital to meaningful democratic participation , it was a monumental mistake to permit these undemocratic institutions , who derive enormous sums from the existing institutionalized corruption , which we refer to as the " campaign contribution , to not only control access to candidates and information but to spread disinformation and propaganda .
I intend to make this a topic of a future post .
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... Brad's Conscience said on 9/9/2009 @ 12:43 pm PT ...
( Updates with Apple pulling the application Thursday )
A photo ostensibly showing a 15 - year - old nude girl has turned up in an iPhone app , highlighting Apple 's inability to safeguard its application store from prohibited content .
The image appears in the free app BeautyMeter , which enables people to upload photos that are then rated by others , who assign a star - rating to members ' body parts and clothing .
It 's much like an iPhone version of Hot or Not and many similar sites .
On Thursday , Apple pulled the app from the iTunes store .
The photo to the right ( censored by Wired.com ) depicts a photo of a nude girl snapping a photo of her reflection in a mirror .
In the screenshot , the girl , who is listed as a 15 - year - old from the United States , is topless and partially nude at the bottom .
Nearly 5,000 users of the app have rated the photo .
i Phone app review site Krapps discovered the photo .
The appearance of nudity in BeautyMeter underscored Apple 's difficulties regulating content in its App Store , which has surpassed 50,000 pieces of software available for download .
For example , last week , Wired.com reportedon an app called Hottest Girls , which released an update for its app to include topless photos of women .
Apple pulled the app hours later , saying porn is not allowed .
" Apple will not distribute applications that contain inappropriate content , such as pornography , ” an Apple spokesman said regarding Hottest Girls on June 25 .
“ The developer of this application added inappropriate content directly from their server after the application had been approved and distributed , and after the developer had subsequently been asked to remove some offensive content .
This was a direct violation of the terms of the iPhone Developer Program .
The application is no longer available on the App Store . ”
Apple made no similar announcement regarding BeautyMeter .
It simply disappeared from the App Store .
But in theory people who already had the app can continue to use it , including the upload and rating functionality .
On its web site , Beauty Meter 's developer Funnymals says members of BeautyMeter are required to provide their iPhone device ID so illegal content can be traced back to the owner of that phone .
" We do n't review each uploaded photo exclusively but from time to time we will clean up , " Funnymals stated in Beauty Meter 's terms and conditions .
As of 1:30 p.m. PDT Wednesday the image of the purported 15 - year - old was still in the app .
Funnymals and Apple did not immediately respond to requests for comment .
Wired.com has not confirmed the photographed girl 's identity or her age .
Although U.S. federal and state laws prohibit child pornography , Funnymals and Apple will probably not be held liable for the content because they would be protected by the Communications Decency Act , according to Mark Rasch , a lawyer and founder of computer security consulting firm Secure IT Experts .
That 's because when Apple approved the app , it did not contain the prohibited content .
Instead , the app downloads images off the internet , thus placing the responsibility on the people who use the app .
However , Rasch said he expects
Apple to remove the application , or the developer to remove the content , once made aware of it .
" They probably do n't have liability unless they have actual knowledge , in which case they have at least a legal or moral duty to act , " Rasch said .
See Also :
乳酸菌は奈良時代から重宝されていた？
今から1年前、人類が哺乳類の乳を利用するようになったと言われています。
日本で最初に牛乳を利用したのは奈良時代にさかのぼります。
当時、牛乳は高級品であり、天皇への献上品としてされていました。
その後牛乳を煮詰めて、酥というチーズのような保存食を作るようになります。
酥はチーズのような物で、酪はヨーグルトのような物だったと推定されています。
明治に入り牛乳を発酵させて作った、凝乳という物が売られるようになりますが、凝乳の方が今のヨーグルトに近いようです。
ただ一般家庭の食卓に並ぶまではいかず、病人のための療法食として使われていたようです。
奈良時代から存在していた乳製品にも、乳酸菌が含まれていたはずです。
この時代はまだ乳酸菌の存在もよくわかっていませんでしたし、体にどのように役立つかもわかっていません。
ま た奈良時代のヨーグルトによく似た酥を口にできたのは、貴族だけだったことから高級品として扱われていた事はわかります。
ヨーグルトに含まれる乳酸菌に整腸作用がある事はだいぶ後になってから分かる事ですが、日本にも発酵食品はあります。
奈良時代にも漬物は存在していましたし、季節の野菜を塩や味噌、酒粕やもろみで漬け込んでいたという記録も残っています。
乳酸菌の存在や作用を知らなくても、自然に摂取していたのです。
今は食卓も昔と比べて豊かになりましたし、食生活の欧米化により日本の食卓は変わっています。
しかし食事が変わった事により新しい病気も増えている事を思えば、昔ながらの粗食の良さもわかってきます。
時代が違うので奈良時代のようには行きませんが、今はヘルシーで体に優しい事から和食が注目されています。
和食がユネスコ無形文化遺産に登録されたのも、乳酸菌の貢献度が大きいかもしれません。
和食には発酵食品が多いから、体にも良く腸内環境を改善するのにも役立つというのは、今も昔も変わらないのです。
和食中心の生活をすると健康的な生活を送る事が可能です。
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Tens of thousands of people have joined a rally in central Tehran to celebrate the re-election of Iran 's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Crowds thronged the main thoroughfare , Vali Asr street , waving Iranian flags and chanting in jubilation .
The president 's closest opponent in the election , Mir Hossein Mousavi , has lodged an official appeal against the result amid continuing angry protests .
Mr Ahmadinejad denied any vote - fixing , saying the result was " very accurate " .
Streets sealed off
He told the rally that elections in the Islamic republic had never been healthier and that the people alone had decided the outcome .
" Some people want democracy only for their own sake , " he said , referring to his critics both inside and outside of Iran .
" Some want elections , freedom , a sound election .
They recognise it only as long as the result favours them . "
He said Iranians were united , but with 40 million people taking part it in the election it was natural for some to be disappointed .
Clashes between the police and anti-Ahmadinejad protesters continued on Sunday , with several parts of the city sealed off by the authorities to prevent the unrest spreading .
Earlier , Mr Ahmadinejad told reporters that the debate over Iran 's nuclear programme " belongs to the past " , and that Iran had " embraced " the idea of an international effort to eliminate nuclear weapons .
US doubt
Global reaction to the election has been muted , but US Vice - President Joe Biden told broadcaster NBC he had doubts about the result .
Violent clashes have continued for most of the weekend
" There 's an awful lot of questions about how this election was run , but we 'll see , we 're just waiting to see , we do n't have a enough facts to make a firm judgement , " he said .
Mr Ahmadinejad 's closest rival in the election campaign , Mir Hossein Mousavi , announced on Sunday he had lodged an official appeal appeal against the result to Iran 's Guardian Council .
" I urge you , Iranian nation , to continue your nationwide protests in a peaceful and legal way , " he said in a statement .
Mr Mousavi has called several times for his supporters to avoid violence , but angry protesters have been setting light to vehicles and throwing stones in Tehran .
Reuters reported that police charged a 2,000 - strong group of students who were protesting at the University of Tehran .
Leader 's endorsement
Dozens of activists have been arrested , with reports saying those detained were members of pro-reformist political parties which had backed Mr Mousavi during the election campaign .
Those held were said to include Mohammad Reza Khatami , brother of former President Mohammad Khatami .
Many of them are reported to have been freed since .
The state news agency , Irna , said those arrested were involved in orchestrating Saturday 's protests in Tehran .
The controversy flared after a high turnout on Friday - estimated at 85 % - led Mr Mousavi 's supporters to expect a close result .
But official results gave Mr Ahmadinejad a landslide victory .
His final share of the vote was almost 63 % .
The result was quickly endorsed by Ayatollah Khamenei , Iran 's supreme leader .
Our correspondent John Simpson , in Tehran , says the truth about the election may never be known .
But many observers in Iran feel that the final result did not reflect the extraordinary numbers of people who turned out to vote , our correspondent adds .
Upcoming event
Business Excellence Awards
Tuesday , October 6 | 5:30 - 6:45 p.m.
Presented by Citizens
The 18th Business Excellence Awards recognize the imagination , industriousness , innovation and achievements of business owners and operators in New Hampshire .
Recipients in eight different categories will be announce during the live event .
This is a free , virtual event with networking opportunities .
More information >
Die Kommission für Jugendmedienschutz ( KJM ) will sich für eine Verschärfung der Gesetze in Richtung auf Zugangssperren im Internet einsetzen , wenn Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) nicht freiwillig " unzulässige und jugendgefährdende Inhalte " sperren .
Das stellte die für den Jugendmedienschutz im Rundfunk und Internet zuständige Kommission in ihrem heute veröffentlichten Tätigkeitsbericht ( PDF - Datei ) für die Jahre 2007 und 2008 fest .
Spätestens zum Frühjahr kommenden Jahres wird mit der Vorlage des Neuentwurfs für den auslaufenden Jugendmedienschutzstaatsvertrag ( JMStV ) gerechnet .
Darin ließe sich etwa die Möglichkeit schaffen , dass die Behörde die Provider direkt in die Pflicht nimmt , ohne zuerst den eigentlichen Inhalteanbieter abzumahnen .
Weitere Themen , denen sich die KJM künftig besonders intensiv widmen will , sind Online - Spiele , Chats und Casting - Shows .
Experten rechnen für den neuen JMStV mit neuen Regelungen für Altersfreigaben bei Online - Spielen .
Die KJM meint , je mehr ein Spiel veränderbar gestaltet sei oder kommunikative Dienste integriert seien , desto weniger geeignet erscheine eine starre Altersfreigabe .
Es müsse daher über andere Formen von Aufsicht und Kontrolle , beispielsweise in Form von Mindestsicherheitsstandards nachgedacht werden .
Auch mit Vertretern von Linden Lab hat die KJM über den deutschen Jugendschutz diskutiert , da auf deren virtueller Plattform " Second Life " neben kinderpornografischem Material auch Jugendschutzprobleme ausgemacht worden seien .
Beim Thema
Chat zeigt sich die KJM erfreut darüber , dass sie in Gesprächen mit der von der Kommission anerkannten Freiwilligen Selbstkontrolle Multimedia ( FSM ) und Anbietern ähnlich wie bei den Suchmaschinenbetreibern eine Selbstverpflichtung erreichen konnte .
Ganz zufrieden sind die Jugendmedienschützer aber nicht : " Die mangelnde Festlegung der Anzahl der Moderatoren im Chat " sei kritisch zu sehen .
Am deutlichsten wird die KJM beim Thema Sperrverfügungen .
Die Kommission beschäftigt sich bereits seit ihrer Gründung im Jahr 2003 mit den Sperren , da sie durch den seit damals geltenden JMStV die Kompetenz über solche Zugangssperren übertragen bekam .
Bisher hat sie keine Sperrverfügung ausgesprochen und ließ sich in einem ausführlichen rechtlichen und technischen Gutachten die praktischen Probleme bescheinigen , doch nun will sie offenbar zu einer schärferen Gangart übergehen .
Der KJM - Vorsitzende habe den ISP bereits den Erlass exemplarischer Sperrungsverfügungen in Aussicht gestellt , " wenn die FSM und ihre Mitglieder nicht schriftlich Lösungsvorschläge zu effektiven freiwilligen Maßnahmen vorlegen " .
Die Einzel - Sperrverfügungen sollen die Notwendigkeit für Gesetzesänderungen und - verschärfungen aufzeigen , heißt es im KJM - Bericht .
Die FSM und andere Verbände hätten deutlich gemacht , " dass auch sie im Sinne einer höheren Rechtssicherheit eine Gesetzesänderung befürworten " .
Insgesamt hat die KJM im Berichtszeitraum 2007 und 2008 314 Beschwerden zu Internetangeboten erhalten .
Inhaltlich betrafen die Beschwerden laut KJM unzureichende Zugangssysteme bei pornographischen Inhalten , diese müssen gegen den Zugriff durch Kinder und Jugendliche mit Altersverifikationssystemen oder technischen Sperren gesichert werden .
Außerdem konstatiert die KJM Jugendschutzprobleme bei Internetversandhäusern , bei nutzergenerierten jugendschutzrelevanten Filmsequenzen auf Internetplattformen und rechtsextremen Internetangeboten .
Immer mehr Beschwerden erreichten die KJM zu Computerspielen auf Spieleplattformen .
Beschwerden und eigene Recherchen führten zu insgesamt 330 Internet - " Prüffällen " für den Zeitraum April 2007 bis Februar 2009 , bilanziert die KJM .
Davon seien 160 abschließend begutachtet worden , 70 Verfahren wurden eingestellt , in " fast hundert " Fällen wurde ein Verstoß gegen den JMStV festgestellt .
Dabei kümmert sich die KJM nach eigenen Angaben vermehrt auch um " entwicklungsbeeinträchtigende Inhalte " .
Zu diesen rechnen die Medienwächter etwa " Sauf - oder Selbstmordforen , Pro-Ana - Seiten – die Magersucht teils verherrlichen – oder " problematische Kommunikationsmöglichkeiten in Social Communities " .
( Monika Ermert ) / ( anw )
Located about 8 miles west of Downtown Houston , Tanglewood is just outside Loop 610 .
The neighborhood is nestled in the area north of the Galleria / Uptown area , south of Hunters Creek , and east of Briargrove .
Tanglewood homes have easy access to Houston ’s key districts , including Downtown , the Galleria , the Energy Corridor via main roads like Memorial Drive , San Felipe Street , Woodway Drive , and Loop 610 .
Residents also enjoy convenient access to retail , entertainment , and outdoor activity hotspots .
Mostly residential , Tanglewood is made up of about 1,050 homes divided into 15 sections .
Tanglewood is under the 77056 Harris County zip code .
Zip codes near Tanglewood Houston include 77024 , 77057 , 77081 , 77027 , and 77055 .
( View Houston zip code map . )
Veterinary staff also battled to save two other tortoises whose shells were fractured by the dog , but one died soon after being found and the other had to be put down .
After 113 remarkable years Henry Allingham , the world 's oldest man , passes into history
First World War veteran Henry Allingham , who became the world 's oldest man last month , has died at the age of 113 .
As tributes poured in , Lord 's cricket ground fell silent at the start of play in the Ashes match between England and Australia as a mark of respect for Mr Allingham , who died in his sleep early yesterday morning .
He was one of the last three surviving British veterans of the First World War , the last surviving founder member of the RAF , the last man to have witnessed the Battle of Jutland and the last surviving member of the Royal Naval Air Service .
Legacy : Henry Allingham with his great - granddaughter Ami Gray and her daughter , two - year - old Lauren , in 2006
Prime Minister Gordon Brown said : ' He was a tremendous character , one of the last representatives of a generation of tremendous characters . '
The Queen said he was ' one of the generation who sacrificed so much for us all ' .
A Clarence House spokesman said : ' The Prince of Wales was sad to hear of the death of Henry Allingham .
Henry belonged to that incredible generation who did so much for their country and we owe him a huge debt . '
Changing times : Henry Allingham as a baby in 1896
In the foreword to Mr Allingham 's autobiography , Kitchener 's Last Volunteer , Prince Charles wrote in 2008 : ' He has witnessed so much of our history - including the sinking of the Titanic , the Great War , the Depression , the Second World War and the building of the Welfare State - taking in six of my forebears , as well as 21 Prime Ministers .
' We should all be humbled by this quiet , genial man and his desire to extol peace and friendship to the world , despite all the horrors he witnessed at such a young and impressionable age . '
So long ago : Henry Allingham wearing a sailor suit as a boy
Born in East London in 1896 , Mr Allingham was married to his late wife Dorothy for more than 50 years .
They had five grandchildren , 12 great - grandchildren , 14 great - great - grandchildren and one great - great - great - grandchild .
The veteran , who was being cared for at St Dunstan 's care home in Ovingdean , near Brighton , celebrated his 113th birthday on June 6 with his family on board London 's HMS President .
Young love : Mr Allingham pictured with fiancee Dorothy May in 1916 .
The couple were married for more than 50 years
Two weeks later , Guinness World Records confirmed that he had become the world 's oldest man after the previous record holder , Tomoji Tanabe , died in Japan aged 113 .
Mr Allingham once jokingly attributed his longevity to ' cigarettes , whisky and wild , wild women ' .
But he later admitted that he had taken care of himself , adding : ' The trick is to look after yourself and always know your limitations . '
Mr Allingham lays a wreath at the Air Services Memorial , in St. Omer , France , during an Armistice Day Service in 2005
Mr Allingham 's death means that Harry Patch , 111 , the last survivor of the First World War trenches , is now Britain 's oldest man .
Nicknamed ' the last Tommy ' , Mr Patch is a veteran of the 1917 battle of Passchendaele in which more than 70,000 British troops were killed .
He now lives at a residential home in Somerset .
The other remaining First World War survivor , Worcestershire - born 108 - year - old Claude Choules , who served with the Royal Navy , now lives in Australia .
Queen Elizabeth meets Mr Allingham at the Buckingham Palace Garden Party in 2007
Mr Allingham tried to join the Army in 1914 but his mother , who was ill , persuaded him to stay at home and nurse her .
She died a year later and he then joined the Royal Naval Air Service .
In May 1916 , he survived the battle of Jutland which claimed 6,000 lives .
In 1917 , he was posted to the Western Front and found himself in the trenches at Ypres , where his job was neutralising bombs left behind by the Germans .
He later said he could never forget the smell of mud and rotting flesh .
Emotional moment : A tear is wiped away from Mr Allingham 's eye at a service to mark the 90th anniversary of the Great War Armistice
He once told the BBC : ' War 's stupid .
Nobody wins .
You might as well talk first .
You have to talk last , anyway . '
In 1918 he transferred to the newly formed Royal Air Force and after the war he worked for the Ford Motor Company until his retirement .
He buried his war memories for decades - refusing even to discuss them with his family - and he would not go to reunions organised by his former comrades .
Inspiration : RAF air cadets chat to Mr Allingham ( with grandson David Gray and his wife Charlotte Gray )
But in 2005 , he was asked to unveil an RAF memorial in France and he decided that it would be disrespectful to refuse .
He then became a tireless campaigner , attending commemorative events including the 90th anniversary of the Battle of the Somme .
Even after he moved to St Dunstan 's care home when he was 108 , because his sight and hearing were failing , Mr Allingham insisted on visiting schools to tell youngsters about his wartime experiences .
World war heroes : Allingham ( right ) and 106 year old William Stone ( second left ) meet senior members of the defence staff at the Ministry of Defence in 2007
Robert Leader of the St Dunstan 's charity , which supports visually impaired ex-Servicemen and women , said : ' He was very active right up to his final days .
' As well as possessing a great spirit of fun , he represented the last of a generation who gave a very great deal for us . '
Dennis Goodwin , from the First World War Veterans ' Association , who regularly visited Mr Allingham at St Dunstan 's , said he had lost ' an exceptionally good friend ' .
He added : ' He has left quite a legacy to the nation of memories of what it was like to have been in the First World War . '
The funeral will take place later this month as St Nicholas 's Church in Brighton .
The WSJ Real Time Economics blog mentioned Okun 's law yesterday ( a relationship between changes in GDP and unemployment ) : Job Losses Outpace GDP Decline ( ht Bob_in_MA )
In a research note , [ Alliance Bernstein economist Joseph ]
Carson says job losses in prior downturns have been roughly proportional to the decline in gross domestic product .
But in the current recession , the proportion of jobs lost is running about a third greater than the drop in real GDP .
The correlation between GDP growth and unemployment is called Okun ’s Law , after the late economist Arthur Okun who documented it in the 1960s .
But the numerical relationship that Okun estimated – and other economists have since refined – has broken down .
His original estimate suggested about a 3 % decline in GDP for every 1 % increase in unemployment .
Before joining the Fed , Ben Bernanke , working with Andrew Abel , figured more recent suggested about a 2 % decrease in output for every 1 % increase in unemployment .
Click on graph for larger image .
This graph shows the quarterly change in real GDP ( annualized ) vs. the change in unemployment rate .
The red markers are for 2008 and Q1 2009 .
Usually the trend line is drawn as linear , but I made it a 2nd order polynomial here .
The red markers are above the trend line , but within the normal scatter .
For Q2 the unemployment rate increased 1.2 % ( from Q1 , quarterly average ) , and the annualized real GDP change will probably be in the - 1 % to - 2 % range - so that is also above the trend ( a larger than expected change in unemployment based on the change in real GDP ) .
Okun 's law is just a general relationship , and the relationship appears to have changed over time ( as mentioned in the WSJ ) .
Note : the graph shows the quarterly change in real GDP annualized ( the way it is reported by the BEA each quarter ) .
In the WSJ post , they mentioned " a 2 % [ or 3 % ] decrease in output for every 1 % increase in unemployment " .
A 2 % decrease in quarterly output would be reported by the BEA as over 8 % annualized for the quarter .
While the world is debating iPhone and Bing and Netbooks , Biologists have crossed over the traditional computing boundaries of ICs and silicon in an unexplored territory : the Biological Computer !
Biologists have synthesized E. coli bacteria into a living computer that can actually solve mathematical problems that even a fast computing machine would take time to solve !
Bacteria is known to cause diseases and other ills but in this case it ’s actually solving complex computing problems .
And the amazing thing is that as time passes , the bacterial computer becomes more powerful as the bacterial community multiplies and adds to the overall computing power .
Biologists tried a well - known computing problem known as the Hamilton Path problem which is actually about finding the shortest path between start node and end node .
In this specific case biologists used 3 cities as 3 nodes with one of them being the starting and another being the destination .
Even though Bacterial computer is really fast because they can run processes ( represented genetic alterations ) but there ’s a downside too :
They cannot just be coded like any other computer !
To code them , special genetic changes are required .
For example , in this test case , the nodes i.e. the cities have to genetically coded into the bacteria to make it work and then the results were monitored by monitoring the genetic activity taking place during the execution .
There are other problems that have also been tested on Bactria Computer before like Burnt Pancake problem which is a mate metical sorting problem .
This paper describes how the biologists solved the Burnt Pancake problem with the living computer .
Fresh Prince of Bel Air is Immoral
By David J. Stewart
Fresh Prince of Bel Air is a sexually degenerate show , which is harmonious with Hollywood .
In one of the shows , Carlton , referring to the days in his mother 's womb before birth , states to Will Smith ...
" I can't believe I was ever inside a woman . "
Will Smith responds by saying ... " We ca n't either . "
The show is saturated with such types of lewd and sexually suggestive comments .
In another episode , Will Smith is teaching his younger female cousin , Ashley , to ...
" Shake it baby ... ' com on , shake it good , " he states , while listening to worldly music .
He then hops off the kitchen counter and begins to gyrate his hips wildly , with his rear - end sticking out , teaching his cousin that this is how she should behave .
This is the subtle , sickening , and sinful morality of today 's world .
Fresh Prince of Bel Air is deceitful and spiritually confusing to young people , because the show sends a mixed message of morality .
On one hand the show teaches moral character lessons about being honest , honoring your parents , and abstaining from drugs ; while on the other hand teaching that it 's OK to party , drink booze , lust , fornicate , be covetous , dress whorishly , talk dirty , listen to worldly music , have a sexually - perverted mind , and do dirty dancing .
Hilary Banks ,
Will 's cousin in the show , wears miniskirts and skin - tight clothing , and acts like a total whore .
In one episode , Hilary dresses up sensually in a tight black leather miniskirt , to entice an IRS man .
Carlton says she needs to do better , so she lifts her skirt to look more whorish .
She states to Carlton ...
" I look like an expensive call girl , " and she certainly does .
This is the godless message which Fresh Prince of Bel Air is sending out to young people today .
Although the showed aired from 1990 to 1996 , it is still extremely popular today .
The important thing is not so much to shelter our kids from characters such as Spider Man , Harry Potter , and Will Smith ; BUT , rather , to teach our children what is wrong with those characters so that our children wo n't like them , and know why they should n't .
My kids do n't watch or read Harry Potter , because they do n't want to .
They know that Harry Potter is all about Satanic witchcraft , because I have shared Scriptures with them , and showed them how actual schools of witchcraft now exist on the internet because of Harry Potter , where kids can enroll for free and learn the craft .
Although Fresh Prince of Bel Air teaches some moral lessons , they also promote lascivious dancing , rap music , wild partying , immodest dress , whoremongering , and fornication .
In the series , Will Smith at times brags of the multiple women he 's had in his life .
Jesus condemned such heathen living ( Matthew 5:28 ) .
Whoremongering is a sin ( Hebrews 13:4 ) .
So it 's more a matter of teaching our children what 's wrong with these characters , rather than just denying them the privilege of watching them .
Some parents are dictatorial and simply make rules , without explanation ; BUT , it 's MUCH better to teach your kids from the Bible why such people as Will Smith are a bad influence .
I 've taught my children to honor Billy Sunday , D.L. Moody , and many other great men of God , who honored God with their life .
My kids respect Congressman Ron Paul , Congresswoman Cynthia McKinney , and others who are fighting to defend America 's freedom .
It is the height is ingratitude and wickedness for us to lead our kids to praise and honor Hollywood 's godless whores and whoremongers , who pollute the world with their lascivious filth .
I am not trying to be unkind in any way , I am just saying that the world has a twisted sense of morality that continually changes .
For example : Homosexuality was widely condemned by society 100 years ago , and treated by psychologists as a mental disease ; whereas today it is accepted as an alternative lifestyle , freedom of choice , and psychologists are helping people to accept who they are .
When Elvis Presley first appeared on the Ed Sullivan show , they were prohibited from filming anything below his waist , because of the sexually immoral messages being sent by his gyrating hip .
Elvis was a sexual pervert , and whoremongering adulterer .
Such behavior was offensive to viewers back then , just 50 years ago .
Today , people laugh at the thought of banning Elvis ' hips from the camera .
Today , TV is saturated with nudity , adultery , sexual perversion , whores , and lasciviousness .
Why should God bless this sinful nation ?
God 's hand of blessing is slowly being lifted from America , and we will ultimately bring severe judgment upon ourselves .
Sin always leads to apathy , and apathy to apostasy .
When people stop caring about morality and justice , apostasy sets in like gangrene .
Here are a couple of thoughts that are bouncing around in my head as I come to the concluding stages of my v1 prototype .
I ’ve made a number of design decision in the initial implementation that I now see issues with , but hopefully by documenting them v2 will be better !
Using in - process analysis tools might not be such a good idea : Early on I decided to use dynamic analysis to gather information about taint data propagation and path conditions .
Due to previous work ( such as catchconv ) using dynamic binary instrumentation frameworks , like Valgrind , I pretty much immediately decided I would do the same .
After writing a couple of basic apps for Valgrind , Pin and DynamoRio , I eventually settled on Pin due to its cross platform support and C++ codebase .
One critical factor I ignored is that these tools really are n’t designed with malicious code in mind .
So , when you do things like trash a stored instruction pointer it can really confuse the DBI tool .
Other problems can occur if the vulnerability ends up writing over several hundred megabytes of junk in the application address space .
This can lead to difficult to debug problems , where the memory in use by the injected analysis client is being corrupted , as well as that of the application under test .
More basic , but just as time consuming , problems stem from the fact that these in - process analysis clients are rather difficult to debug once something goes wrong .
The three frameworks mentioned vary in their support for debugging and error logging , but in general it is exceedingly annoying to debug anything non-trivial .
Simple segfaults have eaten hours of my time and often you are left resorting to printf based ‘ debugging ’ .
The final issue I ’ve come across is obvious , but should still be mentioned .
Complex runtime instrumentation , such as dataflow analysis , really effect the responsiveness and runtime of the application .
My current code , which is admittedly incredibly unoptimised , can increase the runtime of ls from milliseconds to about 20 seconds .
This is n’t much of an issue if you do n’t need to interact with the application to trigger the vulnerability , but in a case where some buttons need to be clicked or commands entered , it can become a significant inconvenience .
Assisted may be better than automated :
The idea of this project is to investigate what vulnerability classes are automatically exploitable , and to develop a prototype that can show the results .
I ’ve achieved this goal for a sufficient variety of vulnerabilities and shown that automation is in fact possible .
There is a but here though ; to continue this project would require constant attention and coding to replace the human effort in exploit generation each time a new class of vulnerability comes along , or a change in exploit technique .
As I ’ve moved from basic stack overflows to considering more complicated scenarios , the differences in exploit types become more time consuming to encode .
Because of this , I intend ( when I implement v2 of the tool in the coming months ) to move away from complete automation .
By putting the effort into providing a decent user interface , it will be possible to inform an exploit writer of the results of data flow and constraint analysis and have them make an educated judgement on the type of exploit to attempt , and specify some parameters .
Working from this point of view should make the entire tool much less effort to port between operating systems also .
Information on memory management is very important :
This is an obvious point for anyone that has had to write heap exploits in the last 5 years or so .
It is near impossible to automatically generate a Linux heap exploit without having some information on the relationship between user input and the structure of the processes heap .
When manually writing an exploit we will often want to force the program to allocate large amounts of memory , and the usual way to do this involves jumping into the code / disassembly and poking around for a while until you find a memory allocation dependent on the size of some user supplied field , or a loop doing memory allocation with a user influenceable bound .
Essentially , to have a solution that takes care of both scenarios we need a way to infer relationships between counters and program input .
The first paper to discuss how to do this using symbolic execution was published in March of this year , and is a good read for anyone considering implementing this kind of tool .
As I had n’t added loop detection , or other required functionality described in that paper , my current tool is unable to do the analysis described .
I consider this a rather annoying drawback , and it will be among my highest priorities for v2 .
Hacky solutions are possible , such as modelling the result of strlen type functions on user input , but this would miss a number of scenarios and is in general quite an ugly approach .
Optical lattices use lasers to separate rubidium atoms ( red ) for use as information " bits " in neutral - atom quantum processors -- prototype devices which designers are trying to develop into full - fledged quantum computers .
NIST scientists have managed to isolate and control pairs of the rubidium atoms with polarized light , an advance that may bring quantum computing a step closer to reality .
Credit : NIST
Physicists at the National Institute of Standards and Technology have overcome a hurdle in quantum computer development , having devised a viable way to manipulate a single " bit " in a quantum processor without disturbing the information stored in its neighbors .
The approach , which makes novel use of polarized light to create " effective " magnetic fields , could bring the long - sought computers a step closer to reality .
A great challenge in creating a working quantum computer is maintaining control over the carriers of information , the " switches " in a quantum processor while isolating them from the environment .
These quantum bits , or " qubits , " have the uncanny ability to exist in both " on " and " off " positions simultaneously , giving quantum computers the power to solve problems conventional computers find intractable - such as breaking complex cryptographic codes .
One approach to quantum computer development aims to use a single isolated rubidium atom as a qubit .
Each such rubidium atom can take on any of eight different energy states , so the design goal is to choose two of these energy states to represent the on and off positions .
Ideally , these two states should be completely insensitive to stray magnetic fields that can destroy the qubit 's ability to be simultaneously on and off , ruining calculations .
However , choosing such " field - insensitive " states also makes the qubits less sensitive to those magnetic fields used intentionally to select and manipulate them .
" It 's a bit of a catch - 22 , " says NIST 's Nathan Lundblad .
" The more sensitive to individual control you make the qubits , the more difficult it becomes to make them work properly . "
To solve the problem of using magnetic fields to control the individual atoms while keeping stray fields at bay , the NIST team used two pairs of energy states within the same atom .
Each pair is best suited to a different task :
One pair is used as a " memory " qubit for storing information , while the second " working " pair comprises a qubit to be used for computation .
While each pair of states is field - insensitive , transitions between the memory and working states are sensitive , and amenable to field control .
When a memory qubit needs to perform a computation , a magnetic field can make it change hats .
And it can do this without disturbing nearby memory qubits .
The NIST team demonstrated this approach in an array of atoms grouped into pairs , using the technique to address one member of each pair individually .
Grouping the atoms into pairs , Lundblad says , allows the team to simplify the problem from selecting one qubit out of many to selecting one out of two - which , as they show in their paper , can be done by creating an effective magnetic field , not with electric current as is ordinarily done , but with a beam of polarized light .
The polarized - light technique , which the NIST team developed , can be extended to select specific qubits out of a large group , making it useful for addressing individual qubits in a quantum processor without affecting those nearby .
" If a working quantum computer is ever to be built , " Lundblad says , " these problems need to be addressed , and we think we 've made a good case for how to do it . "
But , he adds , the long - term challenge to quantum computing remains : integrating all of the required ingredients into a single apparatus with many qubits .
More information : N. Lundblad , J.M. Obrecht , I.B. Spielman , and J.V. Porto .
Field - sensitive addressing and control of field - insensitive neutral - atom qubits .
Nature Physics , July 5 , 2009 .
Source : National Institute of Standards and Technology ( news : web )
Explore further NIST Demonstrates Better Memory with Quantum Computer Bits
( h/t Shoq Value )
This incident is a perfect illustration of how the right 's noise machine is fooling the American people all over again , using easily debunked lies and misinformation , and how this very kind of irresponsible broadcasting — which they so often pretend is " journalism " — is empowering them to do it .
We came thisclose from having an honest discussion of health care reform this morning on Morning Joe .
Not surprisingly , the " journalists " at the table dropped the ball , instead allowing two Republican congresspeople free airtime to lie to the American people once again .
Hey GOP , where 's your alternative plan again ?
Republican Representatives Tom Price ( MD - - he 's a doctor , you should listen to him ! ) and Dave Camp - - having no constructive things to do to address Americans ' health care concerns -- appear on the Morning Joe show to field concern trolling , er... questions from no less than four " journalists " on health care .
And Mike Barnicle gets the closest to actually digging for the truth when Rep. Price drops the name of The Lewin Group and Barnicle asks who funds The Lewin Group .
Price deflects it with a mealy - mouthed answer about their foundation , but since he 's a Republican and he 's moving his lips , you gotta know he 's a big fat liar :
The political battle over health - care reform is waged largely with numbers , and few number - crunchers have shaped the debate as much as the Lewin Group , a consulting firm whose research has been widely cited by opponents of a public insurance option .
To Rep. Eric Cantor of Virginia , the House Republican whip , it is " the nonpartisan Lewin Group . "
To Republicans on the House Ways and Means Committee , it is an " independent research firm . "
To Sen. Orrin Hatch of Utah , the second - ranking Republican on the pivotal Finance Committee , it is " well known as one of the most nonpartisan groups in the country . "
Generally left unsaid amid all the citations is that the Lewin Group is wholly owned by UnitedHealth Group , one of the nation 's largest insurers .
More specifically , the Lewin Group is part of Ingenix , a UnitedHealth subsidiary that was accused by the New York attorney general and the American Medical Association , a physician 's group , of helping insurers shift medical expenses to consumers by distributing skewed data .
Ingenix supplied its parent company and other insurers with data that allegedly understated the " usual and customary " doctor fees that insurers use to determine how much they will reimburse consumers for out - of - network care .[..]
Lewin's clients include the government and private groups with a variety of perspectives , including the Commonwealth Fund and the Heritage Foundation .
A February report contained information that could be used to argue for a single - payer system , the approach most threatening to private insurers , Sheils noted .
But not all of the firm 's reports see the light of day .
For example , a study for the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association was never released , Sheils said .
" Let 's just say , sometimes studies come out that do n't show exactly what the client wants to see .
And in those instances , they have [ the ] option to bury the study -- to not release it , rather , " Sheils said .
Well , they might not be partisan , but they sure as hell ARE biased -- they are paid by the LARGEST health insurer in the nation ( remember when Elizabeth Edwards said that $ 1 out of every $ 700 spent in healthcare went in the pocket of United Health's CEO ? ) and bury reports that are unfavorable ?
Where 's that report on single payer ?
Why are n't the Republicans quoting that one ?
Price also spews out another patented Luntz - crafted lie about the House bill , claiming that the bill states that in five years , all insurance will have to look the same , claiming this is proof of government intervention into your well - being .
Price is n't the only one to give this zombie lie :
( G) reat message discipline !
That 's always been their forte .
But it makes a tiresome chore to smack down all the odd lies they come up with , again and again , just like in the old zombie movies .
You give it both barrels of a 10 - gauge , but it shambles forward mindlessly .
" Braaaiinssss ... "
The one I have seem pop up most recently is the odd lie that the House Tri-Com bill ( HR 3200 ) will " outlaw individual private coverage . "
Huh ?
I thought that 's what the National Insurance Exchange was for ?!
Where did that come from ?
I remembered that I had seen some crazy rant from Rep Michelle Bachmann ( R - Loon ) along these lines :
It ’s over 1,000 pages long .
On the 16th page , it says whatever health care you have now , it ’s going to be gone within five years .
So your current health care plan , you ’re not going to have in five years .
What you ’re going to have is a government plan and a federal bureau is going to decide what you get or if you get anything at all .
And some commenters on Kevin 's blog linked to this unsigned opinion piece from Investors.com :
It did n't take long to run into an " uh - oh " moment when reading the House 's " health care for all Americans " bill .
Right there on Page 16 is a provision making individual private medical insurance illegal .
How odd that they both cite " page 16 " in their rants , both of which were published on the same day .
It 's almost as if this were somehow coordinated ...
Nah .
I must be getting paranoid .
The provision they are referring to , by the way , is this [..]
So what does this mean in the real world ?
Individual health insurance policies already in effect may continue but may not be altered .
Employer - sponsored plans have five years to get in compliance with the new regulations .
New individual health insurance policies will only be available through the National Insurance Exchange ( NIE ) .
Remember , the NIE is where the private insurers will be competing against one another as well as against a possible public plan , if it survives .
It is not synonymous with a " government plan , " though I hope that consumers will have the choice of a government - sponsored insurance policy .
The new regulations referred to are simply those I 've outlined many times before -- community rating , guaranteed issue , and a minimum benefits floor .
Ezra Klein has more on the disingenuousness of the Republican talking points .
You do n’t need to be a card - carrying member of the press corps to serve as a public watchdog over the government and elected officials .
First , the Freedom of Information Act applies to U.S. citizens and foreign nationals , not just members of the Fourth Estate .
Since its passage , countless examples of government waste , fraud and mismanagement have been brought to light by citizens , activists and journalists .
In addition , a number of organizations now empower citizens to hold the government accountable .
Sites like the Sunlight Foundation , Maplight.org , Opensecrets.org , Follow the Money and OpenCongress are increasingly giving ordinary citizens the ability to easily document the flow of special - interest money and how it influences the legislature .
Some of the top government watchdogs :
• Sunlight Foundation :
The foundation says on its site : “ Through our projects and grant - making , Sunlight serves as a catalyst for greater political transparency and to foster more openness and accountability in government .
Sunlight ’s ultimate goal is to strengthen the relationship between citizens and their elected officials and to foster public trust in government .
We are unique in that technology and the power of the Internet are at the core of every one of our efforts .
Our work is committed to helping citizens , bloggers and journalists be their own best government watchdogs , by improving access to existing information and digitizing new information , and by creating new tools and Web sites to enable all of us to collaborate in fostering greater transparency . ”
• Opensecrets.org : From the Center for Responsive Politics , Opensecrets.org helps the public follow the money , such as donations made to legislators and their votes on related issues .
A 2007 survey conducted by Opensecrets found that 59 percent of its users said they use the site for personal — not professional — reasons .
• Maplight.org : “ MapLight.org ’s open - data initiative epitomizes a technique known as ‘ database journalism , ’ a new reporting paradigm that allows citizens to act as consumers , custodians and contributors to vast wells of information stored in web databases , ” writes Wired.com .
• Follow the Money :
The site says it ’s “ the nation ’s most complete resource for information on money in state politics . ”
It provides access to data by legislator , bill number , bill subject or special interest .
• OpenCongress ( formerly Congresspedia ) : A project of PPF and the Sunlight Foundation , OpenCongress is an editable guide to Congress “ for the people , by the people , ” containing lots of wiki - based political reporting resources .
Sources : Wired.com , original reporting
Related
• Maplight shines a light on politics and money
• Freedom of Information :
It ’s for everyone
JD Lasica , founder and former editor of Socialbrite , is co-founder of Cruiseable .
Contact JD or follow him on Twitter or Google Plus .
lifeguard kitteh is on duty and ready to ignore your distress
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
LONDON ( Reuters ) - A sexually transmitted virus that causes cervical cancer is also to blame for half of all cases of cancer of the penis , Spanish researchers said on Tuesday .
The finding suggests already available human papillomavirus ( HPV ) vaccines for cervical cancer are also likely to be effective in the fight against penile cancer , doctors from the Catalan Institute of Oncology in Barcelona said .
Merck & Co ’s Gardasil and GlaxoSmithKline ’s Cervarix are both used widely to immunize girls against HPV infection , which can lead to cancer of the cervix .
Penile cancer is much rarer , accounting for less than 1 percent of adult male cancers in Europe and North America , although the incidence can be as high as 10 percent in parts of Africa and Asia .
Worldwide , there are more than 26,000 new cases every year .
Dr. Silvia de Sanjose and colleagues reviewed cases of penile cancer reported in clinical studies between 1986 and 2008 and found 46.9 percent of tumors were associated with HPV .
Nearly all of these were linked to HPV strains 16 and 18 , the two types that most commonly cause cervical cancer and which are targeted by Gardasil and Cervarix , they wrote in the Journal of Clinical Pathology .
Merck reported results of a clinical trial last November showing that Gardasil was effective in preventing lesions caused by the virus in men .
Gregory McCalium , 23 , showed up at court looking the worse for wear not as a result of overzealous policing , rather because he got on the end of two of the wrong grandfather ’s right hooks .
When Frank Corti discovered Gregory McCalium trying to break into his Oxford ( UK ) home , he confronted him , only to have the young man “ take a slash ” at him with a knife .
The 71 - year - old grandfather , who also happened to be a former army boxer responded with two right hooks that left McCalium unconscious .
The former featherweight then made a citizen ’s arrest and waited for police to arrive .
In a plea for leniency , McCalium ’s lawyer told the court that his client “ looked like a car accident ” .
McCalium ’s lawyer told the court his client “ looked like a car accident , ” and went on to add that “ Photos of the scene looked more like a murder scene . ”
The Judge was unsympathetic and before sentencing McCalium to four - and - a - half years commented that “ ( he ) got what he deserved . ”
[ News ] I - Am - Bored.com – A list of sites for when you ’re feeling bored
Courting the Kremlin Russian Mistrust Overshadows Obama's Moscow Visit
Barack Obama will lobby for nuclear disarmament and a fresh start in relations with Russia during his first visit to Moscow as president next week .
But little concrete progress is expected -- the hosts fear America 's overtures are a trap aimed at further reducing Russia 's global influence .
Using Linux makes a statement about you .
It could mean just one thing , like " I hate how expensive Macs are " , or " I 'm tired of all these viruses " , or maybe just " I 'm an adventurous person , dammit ! " , but in all likelihood , it says many things , one of which is " I like free apps that work " .
For web developer 's , there can never be enough free apps .
Whether you 're in the beginning stages of development , looking into different frameworks and servers , or you 're nearing the end of your project and need free ways to monitor web traffic , block IP 's , etc , one of the fifteen free Linux apps below will meet your needs .
1. Firefox Web Developer 1.1.8 Addon
Because Google Chrome is proving itself to be quite a tour de force in the Internet browser realm , many , many users still have their trust in Mozilla Firefox .
Because of this , we 're going to assume you have it also , and give honor of first placement in this article to the Web Developer addon .
This addon puts a small toolbar on the browser with various things that will appeal to web developers , including the ability to view a websites CSS .
2. AWstats
The best kind of logs are the graphical ones , as an individual need only glance at them to ingest the data needed .
AWstats compiles server , website , email , or other data into a nice graphic log for your analyzing pleasure .
3. Roya 4.0.8
Sure , you could hire a personal gnome to sit by a computer all day and answer peoples menial questions about whatever it is your website does / shares / offers .
But why ?
Roya is a free IM robot that offers auto responses to questions people ask it .
4. XAMPP
Apache , as loved and popular as it is , is n't the easiest thing in the world to get up and running .
Throw in a nice mix of Perl , or MySQL , or some other God-forsaken variable in the Apache server 's backside , and things get really hairy , real quick ....
That 's where XAMPP comes in .
Things become as simple as download , extract , and install .
5. IPtable
If you 're not comfortable with the command line , then turn a blind eye to this particularly useful series of code and step away slowly .
Still around ?
Good .
IPtables is a user space application that can be used , amongst other things , to block malicious ( or simply unwanted ) users and programs from a network .
6. OpenSSH
If you do any work in the web developer 's sphere , then you 've likely already heard of OpenSSH .
In case you have n't , this is a nifty open source tool that encrypts all the data sent between sources of communication , like FTP .
Disappointing to eavesdroppers , essential for everyone else .
7. Untangle
This app with the awesome name Untangle is an open source program from a private company , and is aimed at small businesses .
It 's a network gateway with support for multiple gateway apps including anti-spyware / phishing / virus / spam , firewall , intrusion prevention , attack blocker , and more .
8. uPortal
Being built upon technologies such as Java and XML uPortal enables anything from campus applications , easy integration with authentication and security infrastructures , single sign - on secure access and end user customization .
uPortal is one of the highest regarded open source enterprise portal frameworks and it has been adopted by a large eResearch community as well as by hundreds of institutions all over the world .
9. Zope
While I 'm usually against letting programs speak for themselves , in this case , Zope best describes what Zope is , so I 'm going to do a little pasting - love from its official website : " Zope is an open source application server for building content management systems , intranets , portals , and custom applications .
The Zope community consists of hundreds of companies and thousands of developers all over the world , working on building the platform and Zope applications .
Zope is written in Python , a highly - productive , object - oriented scripting language . "
10 . Squid Cache
This app with the interesting name Squid Cache is a web cache proxy HTTP/S , FTP , gopher , and others , and processes requests in single , I/O driven , non-blocking processes over Ipv4 / v6 .
It offers a bunch of support , including SSL , can perform authentication , and other goodies .
11 . OpenVPN
As its name indicates , OpenVPN is an open source virtual private network application that can be used to create either computer - to - computer connections , or to setup a server with multiple user access , all with encrypted tunnels in - between .
12 . JBoss AS
The JBoss website boasts itself as being the number 1 Java application server , with hundreds of developers and a massive community .
This program can be used to ' deploy enterprise Java applications ' , as well as web apps , and portals .
Supports clustering , caching , and persistence .
13 . A - Prompt
The best website is one which is accessible to all users , including those with disabilities .
To make sure your website will be accessible to everyone , A - Prompt will analyze any HTML pages you have and check them against standards set by the Web Accessibility Initiative .
When it finds a ' barrier ' , as the website calls them , the program will make suggestions on how to fix said issue .
14 . Xenu's Link Sleuth
It 's like WebAnalyzer , only uglier and free , which , after crunching the numbers ( $ 0 +$ 0=$0 ) , we 've determined that Xenu 's Link Sleuth is just as good and quite possibly better than the aforementioned program .
This program will check all your links , whether they 're pages , photos , FTP links , or more , and show you any that are buggered up .
15 . Adsen Favicon
A toolbar of bookmarks just is n't the same if a website does n't have a favicon ( you know , the little icon next to the web address on the browser ) .
This program makes it simple to convert an existing graphic into a tiny little graphic for said use .
Written
I ’m really sick and tired of this …
The introduction of an R18 + rating for computer games has been delayed indefinitely after South Australian Attorney - General Michael Atkinson withdrew his support for a discussion paper and public consultation process .
…
Mr Atkinson has opposed the introduction of an R18 + rating for games for many years , telling parliament earlier this year that he knew it denied Australian adults choice but was necessary to help restrict children ’s access to “ potentially harmful material ” .
…
Four games have been refused classification so far this year , with horror game Silent Hill : Homecoming the latest to be banned last month .
Over 90 per cent of Australian adults , including both game players and non-players , believe Australia should have an R18 + rating for games according to a report released this week by Bond University and the Interactive Entertainment Association of Australia .
…
The issue is again on the agenda for discussion at the Standing Committee of Attorneys - General meeting next month .
Advertisements
The massive exodus of advertisers from Glenn Beck ’s television show appears to be taking its toll on the host .
Beck went on a paranoid rant about Media Matters and liberal bloggers attacking him .
Beck said , “ What they have to do is break my legs .
What they have to do is silence me .
What they have to do is Sarah Palin me .
Here is the audio from Media Matters :
Advertisements
After falsely claiming that Media Matters is funded by George Soros , and fear mongering about Obama ’s “ civilian national security force , ” Beck got to the root of his concern , “ Unless you are preparing something else .
Now that is a very good chance that if this gets traction , they will , right now preparing something to take me out and discredit me , but I think what ’s happening is as our listener called in a little while ago , Char she ’s a truck driver , she was in Wisconsin last night , and she said that she was called a racist because she was watching me , and you should see , we are compiling a list of all things that bloggers are calling me this week . ”
He continued , “ None of them are dealing with the facts .
They are going after my religion .
They ’re going after my alcoholism .
They ’re going after oh well he ’s just crazy , that I ’m a fear monger , that I am this I am that .
None of them are answering the questions , none , none .
None are relying on facts to dispute … What they have to do is break my legs .
What they have to do is silence me .
What they have to do is Sarah Palin . ”
First of all Media Matters is not a George Soros operation .
It is a David Brock operation .
Why is it that the right wing thinks that George Soros is the only liberal with any money , and that he is behind everything ?
Secondly , the source of Beck ’s terror is that his viewers are called racists for watching .
An advertiser boycott might not get him taken off of the air , but is show gets the racist tag , he is doomed .
Notice how he brought up the fact that one of his viewers was called racist , but he does n’t mention why she was called a racist .
Glenn , she was called a racist because the host of the program that she was watching decided one morning to call the black president of the United States a racist .
Beck started this tsunami of boycotts and bad publicity all on his own .
It is n’t surprising that Glenn Beck is making a blogger enemies list .
This is the kind of thing that paranoid people do .
I disagree with anyone who attacks Beck for his religion or battle with addiction .
Those are personal matters that have nothing to do with politics .
In listing all of the things that people call him , he avoided the term racist .
It seems that he does n’t want to go near the race thing with a ten foot poll .
He can spread his conspiracy theories until the end of time , but you have to ask yourself , if so many people are out to get Glenn Beck , why is he still here ?
If anyone wanted to take Beck out that could .
The truth is that his whole Chicken Little act is a gimmick .
No one is out to get Beck .
He is the Doctor Who of the right wing fringe .
He goes on the air everyday and peddles politics based science fiction .
It is shtick , and it has made him a millionaire many times over .
Yet , the incessant sun is a constant agitator .
Even visitors happily distracted by the Valley ’s many amenities will remark while lounging by the pool , drinking in the clubhouse , or enjoying a repast on a misted patio , “ Why does n’t Arizona use more solar energy ? ”
To anyone who has ever spent a day in Arizona ’s Valley of the Sun , it is obvious .
The sunniest state in the nation is blessed , cursed , with a fierce sun .
Yet , as one explores the landscape , artifacts of the capture of solar energy are conspicuously absent .
This dearth is true for solar electric , domestic hot water , passive solar design , and even for urban design .
It is as if the metropolis stands in obstinate defiance against the surrounding desert and its greatest gift .
The following guest essay was written by Paul Symanski .
Paul is an electrical engineer with expertise in solar energy , and shares his views on why solar power often faces unnecessary headwinds .
Solar Tipping Point
One answer to this persistent question can be found once one comprehends that Arizona is where it first occurred : where solar energy first became economical .
Around the turn of the millennium , four decades after its destiny was foretold , an investment in electricity generated by an on - site photovoltaic system became a better investment than traditional investment vehicles .
Finally , solar energy had become economically transcendent .
Because of its abundant solar resource , solar energy ’s transcendence occurred in the center of the desert Southwest , in sunny Arizona .
It may not be mere chance that this tipping point coincided with the world ’s peak production of petroleum .
The concept of “ grid parity ” has been promulgated by an energy regime that sees the world through grid-centric eyes .
A more accurate and revealing comparison is investment parity .
This approach more completely – and perhaps more directly – accounts for the myriad hidden costs embedded in the economics of the world ’s energy system .
Both the recent economic troubles and the fact that the solar tipping point occurred during an historical low for electricity prices in Arizona reinforce the validity of economic ascendancy of solar energy .
Implicit in the concept of grid parity is an ultimate arrival where both sides rest in balance upon the fulcrum .
This subtle point of terminology further invalidates the utility of the concept of “ grid parity ” .
The balance will likely be a brief moment of hushed breath . . . before the tipping continues in favor of solar energy .
The concept of grid parity also establishes a false dichotomy that reveals the term to be an indirection .
Solar energy should be one of a multitude of energy sources to be impartially and intelligently incorporated into a flexible network of energy sharing .
The concept of grid parity is a creation of a hierarchical system of centralized generation and distribution .
Like the system that created it , the term ‘ grid parity ’ should be recognized for what it is .
The concept of a tipping point is a more appropriate metaphor .
It is this tipping point that those favored by the status quo vigorously resist .
Delay Tactics
It is crucial that energy costs be accurately accounted in order to establish valid policies .
Yet , in any forum where energy is discussed ( present company excepted ) , retail energy costs are typically presented as an average , or as a range of values .
Even in conversations amongst economists , engineers , scientists , business leaders , policy makers , and others who help guide our energy future , superficial valuations proliferate .
Blunt statements of cost nearly always exclude associated economic , competing , and externalized costs .
More dangerously , such simplification disguises a complex and telling reality .
The key observation – and the linchpin of the Rate Crimes exposé – is that the avoided cost value of solar electricity and other energy management strategies has long been dramatically lower than the retail cost of electricity under particular rate plans .
The graph below plots the avoided cost value of on - site solar electricity against retail energy costs under the Arizona Public Service E - 32 commercial rate schedule for the summer season .
The ranges of kilowatt demand and kilowatt - hour consumption reflect those of small businesses .
The avoided cost value of solar electricity is half that of the retail cost of electricity for a great portion primarily because of the uncontrollable billing demand , and a precipitous declining block rate structure compounded by the uncontrollable billing demand being used as a multiplier for the extents of the expensive initial block .
Of the hundred largest electric utilities ( by customers served ) , fourteen are located in the sunny Southwest ( excluding the unregulated utilities in Texas ) .
Of these fourteen , three have commercial rate plans with structures that most defeat the value of solar energy and energy conservation measures .
These utilities are : Arizona Public Service , Salt River Project , and Tucson Electric Power .
All are Arizona utilities .
Conclusion
The Arizona rate schedules provide an enormous subsidy and encourage prodigal consumption by discounting energy to the largest energy consumers .
This was historically a common situation in other places as well .
However , Arizona is special due to its extraordinary solar resources .
The pricing system redirects costs from any apparent savings in the residential and industrial sectors into the small commercial sector .
Small commercial ratepayers have less capital , have fewer person - hours to commit to unusual projects , have less - diverse expertise , and are often constrained from making modifications to their premises .
The redirection of costs into this captive market creates a hidden tax through the higher costs of goods and services , and through the subsequently higher sales tax charges .
Furthermore , while more fortunate homeowners can avoid energy costs by investing in subsidized solar energy , renters remain a captive market .
As you may surmise , nearly the entire Arizona economic and political system is complicit .
Beyond Arizona ’s borders , the state ’s electricity generation from coal and nuclear sources remains the West ’s dirty little secret .
Environmentally conscientious Californians can nod appreciatively at their Tehachapi and San Gorgonio Pass wind farms ; while behind the turbines , on the eastern horizon , the cooling towers and smokestacks of Arizona keep bright their nights .
All Arizonans need to be able to gain full value for investments in energy conservation and in solar energy .
Until Arizona ’s repressive rate schedules are reformed , energy efficiency measures and solar energy in the nation ’s sunniest state will have diminished value .
This diminishment of the value of solar energy affects all of us by delaying a cleaner energy future .
----------------
Paul Symanski is an electrical engineer , designer , human factors specialist , marketer , machinist , graphic artist , musician , LEED AP , and economist born of necessity .
He is experienced with renewable energy , including expertise in solar energy both in practical application and in the laboratory .
He is also a competitive masters - level bicyclist .
ratecrimes [ at ] gmail [ dot ] com
http://ratecrimes.blogspot.com/
As president , Barack Obama takes care to get pronunciations correct .
Obama , a stickler for pronunciation
Bill Clinton .
George Bush .
Jimmy Carter .
They ’re all pretty easy to pronounce .
But Barack Obama is not so simple .
And before he was world famous , people regularly butchered his African name ( Bay - rack anyone ? ) .
As president , Barack Obama takes care to get pronunciations correct — from heads of state and foreign nations to the director of a small nonprofit in Jersey City .
Advertisement
The text of Obama ’s daily briefings includes phonetic spellings of names and places , or the person briefing him will coach him how to say them .
Phonetic spellings are also there in Obama ’s prepared remarks — although that does n’t always mean the words wind up rolling off his tongue .
“ Did I pronounce your name right ? ” Obama said Tuesday , pausing after he acknowledged a woman named Alfa Demmellash during an event with nonprofit groups .
Demmellash let the president know he had .
“ Good , ” Obama said .
“ When your name is Barack Obama , you 're sensitive to these things . ”
The audience laughed , but Obama takes pronunciations quite seriously .
His aides know that this is an area where the president wants to be right .
In Obama ’s view , pronouncing someone ’s name or hometown correctly is a simple way of showing respect , they say .
It ’s a sort of baseline diplomacy .
That ’s particularly so in foreign relations , where aides say the president will privately practice pronouncing a leader ’s name a number times before saying it publicly .
It ’s not just people ’s names .
Obama also often pronounces places in their local way .
Take Pakistan — or PA - kih - ston , as the president says .
Obama has pronounced Pakistan the way Pakistanis do for as long as he ’s been in public life — a thoughtful consequence of him having Pakistani roommates in college that has its share of critics .
The president affords the same effort to other important words in a culture .
In the Muslim – or Moo-slim , as Obama says — world , he pronounces Taliban as Tal - e- bon , and Koran as Ku-ron .
The response to Obama ’s efforts as president has been positive , aides say .
Pakistanis have told the White House they appreciate it , and some Afghans have even asked if Obama could start regularly pronouncing Afghanistan in the local way ( Af - GAN - nih - ston ) .
“ It sends a signal that he tries to see the world from their perspective , ” said former Clinton press secretary Dee Dee Myers , who noted that while some Americans may not like it , “ I think he thinks there ’s more to be gained than lost by reaching out in this very subtle way . ”
Obama also tries when it comes to Spanish .
He pronounces Chile as Chee - leh ( not chili ) .
He used the Spanish pronunciation of Colombian President Alvaro Uribe ’s name in Trinidad and Tobago .
He rolled his r’s in Puerto Rico when discussing Sonia Sotomayor ’s background during her nomination announcement .
He even started out pronouncing Sotomayor ’s name in Spanish ( So - toe - my - YOR ) , but he ’d lapsed into the English pronunciation ( So - toe - my - yer ) by the time he handed the podium over to her .
Those efforts do n’t just signal respect to outsiders , but shows employees inside the government , specifically at the State Department , noted Mike McCurry , a former Clinton press secretary , “ that the president takes detail seriously . ”
“ And that has a positive impact on morale in our own government , ” McCurry said , “ an added benefit to the clear benefit to public diplomacy . ”
The president has n’t always been so in touch .
During the campaign Obama ’s staff would cringe at his pronunciation of Mass - a - too - setts .
( He now says Massachusetts . )
And he was ribbed for stumbling over the pronunciation of Iowa ’s Pottawattamie County three times before getting it right .
“ It ’s still early in the morning , ” Obama joked at the time .
Critics have chided Obama for his pronunciation efforts , especially Pakistan .
But so far no parody has surfaced , like the old " Saturday Night Live " skit with Jimmy Smits , where the cast exaggerated the pronunciation of words like Neek - o - rah - gwa to lampoon English - speaking Americans who pepper their speech with Spanish pronunciations .
And Obama is not getting criticism in the way George W. Bush did for his pronunciation of “ nuclear . ”
But Bush also attempted to connect by speaking a little Spanish at meetings with foreign leaders and during certain events .
Clinton did n’t really try to dabble .
As Myers noted , “ it was hard enough getting through the Arkansas accent , let alone adding a Spanish accent . ”
One curious note about Obama and pronunciations is that he apparently changed the pronunciation of his own name as an adult .
His father , a Kenyan , went by Bear-ick , with the accent on the first syllable , The Washington Post wrote during the campaign , yet his son used Buh - rock ( accent on the second syllable ) .
Obama has a special affection for language , as his first book , “ Dreams of My Father , ” makes clear .
In it , he writes , “ with the right words , everything could change . ”
As president , Obama ’s efforts extend beyond pronunciations .
At his joint news conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in the East Room , Obama began his remarks this way , “ Please , everybody , be seated .
Willkommen . ”
And when Obama said a few words in Korean at the start of his joint press conference with South Korea ’s President Lee Myung - Bak , the South Korean press wrote entire stories about it .
Aides say Obama wants to be armed with those sorts of tidbits .
Most of the time they ’re woven into his remarks without him having to ask .
In his Cairo speech , for example , Obama knew how to say the Arabic greeting as - salaam aleikum , an aide said , yet had to practice the local pronunciation of Al - Azhar , the name of the university where he spoke .
But even when the stakes are n’t as high , Obama tries to perfect it .
At Tuesday ’s nonprofit event , he nearly sounded out the last name of Dave Cieslewicz .
Aware of his slow pronunciation of Cieslewicz , Obama informed the audience : “ I want to make sure I say that properly . ”
This article tagged under : Names
For health care workers in psychiatric hospitals , it is no secret : one of the major issues confronting psychiatric facilities seeking to institute blanket no-smoking policies concerns chronic inpatients with schizophrenia .
Patients with schizophrenia are almost always heavy cigarette smokers , given a choice .
As Edward Lyon wrote in an analysis of studies and surveys performed throughout the 1990s : “ Many patients in psychiatric hospitals would smoke two , three , or even four packs of cigarettes a day if an unlimited supply of cigarettes were available . ”
Generally , the rate of inpatient smoking among schizophrenics is three to four times higher than the general smoking population .
In one British study of 100 institutionalized schizophrenics cited by Lyon , 92 % of the men and 82 % of the women were smokers .
Moreover , schizophrenics smoke more cigarettes per day than other smokers do , and they commonly smoke high - tar , unfiltered cigarettes — niche brands for heavy smokers used by only 1 % of the total smoking population .
Australian research performed in 2001 found that because of high rates of smoking , “ people with mental illness have 30 % more heart disease and 30 % more respiratory disorders , ” according to Ann Crocker , now a professor of Clinical Psychiatry at McGill University .
Not only do an estimated 80 % of schizophrenics smoke , compared to roughly 25 % of the total adult population , psychiatric facilities report that depressives and those with anxiety disorders also smoke in great numbers .
Why ?
The review of studies through 1999 , undertaken by Lyon and published in Psychiatric Services , shows unequivocally that schizophrenic smokers are self - medicating to improve processing of auditory stimuli and to reduce many of the cognitive symptoms of the disease .
“ Neurobiological factors provide the strongest explanation for the link between smoking and schizophrenia , ” Lyons writes , “ because a direct neurochemical interaction can be demonstrated . ”
Of particular interest is the interaction between nicotine and dopamine in the nucleus accumbens and prefrontal cortex .
Several of the symptoms of schizophrenia appear to be associated with dopamine release in these brain areas .
A 2005 German study concluded that nicotine improved cognitive functions related to attention and memory .
“ There is substantial evidence that nicotine could be used by patients with schizophrenia as a ‘ self - medication ’ to improve deficits in attention , cognition , and information processing and to reduce side effects of antipsychotic medication , ” the German researchers concluded .
In addition , the process known as “ sensory gating , ” which lowers response levels to repeated auditory stimuli , so that a schizophrenic ’s response to a second stimulus is greater than a normal person ’s , is also impacted by cigarettes .
Sensory gating may be involved in the auditory hallucinations common to schizophrenics .
Receptors for nicotine are involved in sensory gating , and several studies have shown that sensory gating among schizophrenics is markedly improved after smoking .
There is an additional reason why smoking is an issue of importance for health professionals .
According to Lyon , “ Several studies have reported that smokers require higher levels of antipsychotics than nonsmokers .
Smoking can lower the blood levels of some antipsychotics by as much as 50 % … .
For example , Ziedonis and associates found that the average antipsychotic dosage for smokers in their sample was 590 mg in chlorpromazine equivalents compared with 375 mg for nonsmokers . ”
Smoking among inpatient psychiatric patients is not trivial .
Neither is the decision to institute smoking bans in psychiatric hospitals , a move that is understandably unpopular with patients .
References
Lyon , E. ( 1999 ) .
A Review of the Effects of Nicotine on Schizophrenia and Antipsychotic Medications .
Psychiatric Services , 50 , 1346-1350 .
Cattapan - Ludewig , K. ( 2005 ) .
Why do schizophrenic patients smoke ?
Nervenarzt , 76 ( 3 ) , 287-294 .
Mueser , K. , Crocker , A. , Frisman , L. , Drake , R. , Covell , N. , & Essock , S. ( 2005 ) .
Conduct Disorder and Antisocial Personality Disorder in Persons With Severe Psychiatric and Substance Use Disorders Schizophrenia Bulletin , 32 ( 4 ) , 626-636 DOI : 10.1093/schbul/sbj068
Adler , L. , Hoffer , L. Wiser , A. ( 1993 ) .
Normalization of auditory physiology by cigarette smoking in schizophrenic patients .
American Journal of Psychiatry , 150 , 1856 - 1861 .
Having tried many RSS readers I finally stayed with Google Reader .
It 's not perfect , but works - and let me track my feeds from many computers .
Still , while I am happy with Google Reader as a reader , I am by far less excited with it 's management functions .
Renaming feeds , reorganizing folders , disabling feeds , replacing them with alternative versions , etc - all those functions are difficult , or not present .
So I wrote a small script which let me export my subscriptions as a simple text file , manage them in the usual text editor and save edits back to Google Reader .
What it does
greader2org exports current subscriptions from Google Reader as a simple ( and - contrary to OPML - human readable ) text file .
It is also able to save the changes made in this file back .
Here is how this file looks like :
* Apps I use ** Linode Blog feed : http://blog.linode.com/feed/ ** Nozbe Blog feed : http://feeds.hitrss.com/nozbe ** Redmine : News feed : http://www.redmine.org/projects/redmine/news?format=atom
* Web HowTos ** Lifehacker : Top feed : http://lifehacker.com/tag/top/index.xml
** MakeUseOf.com feed : http://feeds.feedburner.com/Makeuseof ** Mashable ! feed : http://feeds.feedburner.com/Mashable
More about this format below .
As you can guess , main chapters respond to folders , sections to feeds .
What one can do with this file ?
Rename folders , rename feeds , reorganize the hierarchy ( move feeds to other folders , create new folders etc ) , mark selected feeds as disabled ( temporarily unsubscribe ) , also filter selected feeds via PostRank .
All those operations can be done directly inside Google Reader .
But editing it as text let you perform search&replace , cut&paste , undo , version control etc .
Why those stars ?
While the text as above can be easily edited in any text editor , it is tuned towards editing inside Emacs , using org - mode .
It 's a very ergonomic tool for any kind of outline editing .
In this case it helps by allowing me to collapse / expand folders and feeds , supporting keyboard shortcuts for structure reorganization , and offering the syntax highlighting .
In case you use Emacs , but never tried org - mode , I strongly recommend watching this video ( available in better resolution on YouTube ) :
Ahd here are the org - mode docs .
Going back to greader2org .
Installation
You need Python together with lxml and simplejson libraries .
Debian / Ubuntu way to install them :
$ sudo apt - get install python - lxml python - simplejson
My script should work on Windows too , although I have n't tried it there .
Just install Python , SetupTools , lxml and simplejson ( there are binary distributions for both those libraries ) .
Then run :
$ sudo easy_install \
http://mekk.waw.pl/download/python/mekk.feeds-1.1.0-py2.5.egg
( to avoid polluting system directories you can consider virtualenv ) .
Configuration
Run
$ greader2org
You should see sth like :
Program not yet configured !
Edit the file / home / marcink/.feeds/feeds.ini using some text editor
That means that the program just created draft version of the configuration file ( ~/.feeds/feeds.ini on Linux , similarly named file on Windows ) .
Spawn some text editor and save your Google username and password there .
Also , consider setting permissions on this file so it is readable only for you :
$ chmod go - rwx ~/.feeds/feeds.ini
( and remove this file after using , or move it to encrypted partition and symlink from there , or send me a sensible suggestion which alternative way of saving password should I use )
First run
Call :
$ greader2org init
This command will create the file ~/.feeds/feeds.txt with info about all your current subscriptions .
Note also that greader2org run without parameters prints minimal help .
Regular usage
Usual session consists of downloading updates from Google , editing them in the text editor , then submitting the changes back .
I do this from time to time , whenever I feel I need some major reorganization in my RSS subscriptions .
Grabbing updates from Google Reader
The command :
$ greader2org get
grabs all updates from Google and saves them to feeds .
txt .
In detail , it :
adds to feeds .
txt all feeds which are subscribed in Google Reader but are not present in this file ( those are the feeds I subscribed since the previous update )
detects feeds which are no longer subscribed in Reader ( likely manually unsubscribed ) and labels them as : disabled :
There is a difference between greader2org get and deleting feeds .
txt and creating it from scratch by greader2org init : the former preserves comments , disabled feeds , filtering info etc .
Editing
Edit feeds .
txt in your text editor of choice .
Emacs with org - mode is strongly recommended , but not necessary .
The following edits are supported :
changing folder names ,
changing feed titles ,
moving feeds between folders ( or to new folders ) ,
marking selected feeds as : disabled : ( to unsubscribe them ) ,
removing : disabled : mark ( to subscribe such feeds back )
changing level : ( see section about PostRank filtering below )
adding comment : comments where useful .
Saving changes back to Google Reader
Save the file and run :
$ greader2org put
This commands analyses the feeds .
txt file , checks it against current Google Reader subscriptions , and performs the following edits :
Subscription changes :
feeds marked as : disabled : are unsubscribed ( if present )
feeds present in feeds .
txt and not marked as : disabled : , but not present in Google Reader are subscribed ( any feed for which : disabled : was cleared is subscribed , just like any feed manually added to feeds .
txt )
feeds for which postrank filtering level ( level : ) has changed are resubsribed using another feed url ( this means a loss of read / unread state ) , see below for more information about PostRank filtering
Name changes :
feeds for which the title changed are renamed on Reader ( without the loss of read / unread state )
Folder changes :
feeds moved to another folder are re-tagged ( old tag is removed , new tag is added , read / unread state is preserved ) ,
similarly feeds moved to another folder have their tags changed .
feeds.txt file structure
In it 's simplest form the feeds .
txt file has the following structure :
* Devel : Web ** SitePoint.com feed : http://www.sitepoint.com/recent.rdf
** Smashing Magazine feed : http://feeds.feedburner.com/SmashingMagazine * Apps : Emacs ** emacs - fu feed : http://emacs-fu.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default ** M-x all - things - emacs feed : http://www.emacsblog.org/feed/
Here chapter titles denote folder names , section titles denote feed names and section bodies contain feed URLs .
A few other marks can be added , here is the more sophisticated example :
* Chess : Forum ** Chess - Server.net Forum - All Forums : private : feed : http://forum.chess-server.net/syndication.php?type=atom1.0 ** ICCF Forum : private : disabled : feed : http://iccf.com/forum/external.php?type=RSS2 comment : ICCF important notes * Devel : Web ** SitePoint.com feed : http://www.sitepoint.com/recent.rdf postrank_feed : http://feeds.postrank.com/d6e48cfa50dc7f1cb13e8df0ad93b4a6
level : good
Special markers right to the title ( org - mode tags ) have the following meaning :
: disabled : disabled feed ( I use this mainly to temporarily switch some feed off ) , such a feed will be unsubscribed , but when I remove this mark , will be subscribed back ,
: private : personal feed ( at the moment it just means that the feed should never be passed to PostRank for scoring )
Actual content consists of the following fields :
feed : - url ( address ) of the feed
- url ( address ) of the feed postrank_feed : - url ( address ) of the PostRank - filtered feed ( generated automatically , see below )
- url ( address ) of the PostRank - filtered feed ( generated automatically , see below ) level : - PostRank filtering level ( best , great , good , all ) , when this field is added , the original feed is replaced with PostRank - filtered version ,
- PostRank filtering level ( best , great , good , all ) , when this field is added , the original feed is replaced with PostRank - filtered version , comment : - any comment / remark ( not used , but preserved on file rewrites ) .
Note : feeds . txt is being rewritten during " greader2org get " .
Everything except folder titles , feed titles , and the fields described above is lost .
PostRank
PostRank service allows one to subscribe to the quality - filtered version of a given feed ( so , for example , instead of reading whole feed , you read only best posts from it ) .
See their website for more details .
Personally I use it in two cases : for hyperactive feeds which generate many posts a day ( using Great or Good to reduce the pace a bit ) , and for sites which are close to being unsubscribed ( filtering by Best let me spot if some valuable post appears ) .
greader2org makes it easy to switch between normal subscription and PostRank filtered subscription , or to change the level of filtering .
To use it :
perform normal greader2org get as described above
review the file and mark any feed you would not like to publish to PostRank as : private : ( in particular do it for personal / secret feeds in case you use them )
run the command
$ greader2org postrank
which will add postrank_feed : parameter to all feeds for which PostRank feed is available
the command above may report some feeds as unavailable on PostRank , if so , register on PostRank and paste those feeds for analysis ( and rerun greader2org postrank on the next day )
edit the feeds .
txt file and set level : best
or
level : great
or
level : good
for any feed you would like to subscribe filtered ( best picks only the best articles , good all articles which caused some reader reaction , great lies in between )
execute normal greader2org put , which will perform all normal changes but also for any feed for which the level was set ( or changed ) will unsubscribe the original feed and subscribe the filtered feed instead of it
To stop filtering , just remove level : from given feed and run greader2org put , the filtered feed will be unsubscribed , and the original feed subscribed .
Known problems
Password in open text
Surely I could keep the Google password in a safer way .
Suggestions welcome .
feeds.txt is rewritten
Any loose comments / notes saved in feeds .
txt are lost during greader2org get and greader2org postrank .
I never really needed them , so I do n't feel it makes sense to spend time on patching this .
Empty folders cause parsing error
Empty folder , for example :
* Folder1 * Folder2 ** some feed
raises the parsing exception ( here because Folder1 has no content ) .
Illegal characters cause Reader to croak
There are some characters ( for example slash / and colon , ) , which - if used in a folder name or in a channel name - cause the following error :
HTTP Error 400 : Bad Request < class ' urllib2.HTTPError '>
Traceback ( most recent call last ) : (...)
If you face this , just patch the corresponding name and reissue greader2org put .
I could validate them , but I do n't know what is and what is not allowed for sure , so it would be incomplete .
Source code
To see the script source code , just download the egg ( mekk.feeds -1.1.0 - py2.5.egg file ) and unpack it ( it 's usual .zip ) .
I wrote it using this description of Reader API ( and referring to firebug when in doubt ) .
Postrank API is officially documented ( surely I could use it better , for example avoiding the need to copy&paste the feeds to subscribe - but I was too lazy to work on OAuth implementation ) .
Historically , in addition to Jewish use of the plant , frankincense was also used in its gum - like state by the ancient Egyptians .
In fact , this was the first form of gum that people used as incense .
According to archeological research , the ancient Egyptians used the frankincense plant oil to rejuvenate their faces , applying the gum like a facial mask .
Other occasions called for the use of frankincense in order to fumigate those who were ill .
Adding to facial rejuvenation benefits , many Egyptians would use the oil as a form of eye makeup , perfume , and even as a warming agent during colder seasons .
In addition , many ancient cultures used frankincense for religious purposes .
The ancient Egyptians , for example , used frankincense as an offering to the Gods for religious ceremonies or during prayer .
Aligning with the Egyptian culture 's spiritual use of frankincense , it was also used in an effort to eradicate evil spirits .
For ceremonial purposes , Jews also used frankincense for a variety of offerings and religious practices .
In fact , researchers believe that frankincense , along with other gifts , was presented every Sabbath in the First and Second Temples in Jerusalem before they were destroyed .
Even the Greeks used frankincense for religious purposes , and the Romans extended the use of frankincense herb oils to enhance special secular occasions as well as religious ceremonies .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama backed down on Friday from a statement that police had “ acted stupidly ” in arresting a black scholar in a racially charged case that was rapidly becoming a distraction for Obama .
The president made a surprise appearance in the White House press briefing room shortly after he spoke by phone to Cambridge , Massachusetts , police Sgt. James Crowley , who had arrested Henry Louis Gates , a prominent scholar of African - American studies at Harvard , last week .
“ Because this has been ratcheting up and I obviously helped to contribute ratcheting it up , I wanted to make clear in my choice of words I think I unfortunately gave an impression that I was maligning the Cambridge Police Department or Sgt.
Crowley specifically , ” Obama said .
“ And I could have calibrated those words differently . ”
Crowley suggested Obama invite him and Gates , to the White House for a peace - making beer , and a plan was in the works to do so , Obama said .
Obama later called Gates , had a positive discussion , told him about his phone call with Crowley and invited him to join Crowley at the White House in the near future , the White House said .
The case quickly became a media frenzy , with Cambridge police in an uproar , Gates accusing Crowley of racist behavior and threatening a lawsuit .
For Obama , who took office as the first U.S. black president in January .
the incident was a distraction when his signature legislative priority , a healthcare overhaul , was stalling in the U.S. Congress .
Obama said he hoped the event would end up being a “ teachable moment , where all of us instead of pumping up the volume spend a little more time listening to each other ” and improve race relations “ instead of flinging accusations . ”
“ Lord knows we need it right now -- because over the last two days as we ’ve discussed this issue , I do n’t know if you ’ve noticed , but nobody has been paying much attention to health care , ” he said .
DAMAGE CONTROL
The incident began last week when police received a call from a neighbor that a man appeared to be breaking into the Gates ’ house .
Gates , who returned home from a week in China to discover his front door jammed , entered his house through the back door .
Police say Gates became belligerent when they went to the house and spoke with him inside .
At a news conference on Wednesday night , Obama weighed in on the case , saying the Cambridge , Massachusetts , police had “ acted stupidly . ”
President Barack Obama delivers remarks at the Department of Education in Washington , July 24 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Jim Young
Obama pointed out that blacks and members of other minority groups tend to be stopped more frequently by U.S. police officers than whites .
Until Friday , Obama and the White House had defended Obama ’s remarks .
The police union stoked tensions further , firing back at Obama .
“ President Obama said that the actions of the Cambridge Police Department were stupid and linked the event to a history of racial profiling in America , ” Sgt. Dennis O’Connor , president of the Cambridge Police Superior Officers Association , said at a news conference in Cambridge .
“ The facts of this case suggest that the president used the right adjective but directed it at the wrong party , ” he said .
With the incident threatening to escalate , Obama chose to engage in some damage control .
He did not say he had apologized to Crowley , but his words were regretful .
Obama said his impression of Crowley was that he was an “ outstanding police officer and a good man , and that was confirmed in the phone conversation .
And I told him that . ”
He said his choice of words had unfortunately given an impression “ that I was maligning the Cambridge police department or Sergeant Crowley specifically .
And I could have calibrated those words differently .
And I told this to Sergeant Crowley . ”
Obama said he continued to believe that there was an overreaction in arresting Gates and that he also believed that Gates “ probably overreacted as well . ”
British journalists working for Murdoch papers have been on a crime spree , hiring private eyes to illegally hack into the voicemail and data of thousands of people , including " tax records , social security files , bank statements and itemised phone bills " ; Murdoch has paid out over £ 1 M so far to hush it up .
The head of the Conservative party 's communications is a former Murdoch exec who from the time that much of this crime was committed by his staffers .
Senior editors are among those implicated .
This activity occurred before the mobile phone hacking , at a time when Coulson was deputy and the editor was Rebekah Wade , now due to become chief executive of News International .
The extent of their personal knowledge , if any , is not clear : the News of the World has always insisted that it would not break the law and would use subterfuge only if essential in the public interest .
Faced with this evidence , News International changed their position , started offering huge cash payments to settle the case out of court , and finally paid out £ 700,000 in legal costs and damages on the condition that Taylor signed a gagging clause to prevent him speaking about the case .
The payment is believed to have included more than £ 400,000 in damages .
News Group then persuaded the court to seal the file on Taylor 's case to prevent all public access , even though it contained prima facie evidence of criminal activity .
As civil liberties campaigner Dr Ian Brown notes :
There are two particularly troubling aspects to this story .
The Metropolitan Police , Crown Prosecution Service and Information Commissioner 's Office all had prima facie evidence of these crimes , but have declined to take action against News Group .
And , mobile phone companies continue to allow access to messages using voicemail PINs set to defaults that are apparently known throughout the media .
Perhaps in future : 1 . Law enforcement agencies will take action against those discovered to be breaking the law , whether or not they work for powerful newspaper groups ?
2 . Mobile phone companies will not leave their customers ' communications wide open to abuse ?
3 . Government agencies and companies will think a little more carefully before building up large collections of sensitive personal data that will inevitably be sold to the highest bidder ?
Murdoch papers paid £ 1 m to gag phone - hacking victims
We love gadgets – we really do .
And that 's why , when a gadget fails to measure up to its promise , does n't work as you 'd expect , is locked down with DRM or crippled with a terrible user interface or hobbled by a stanky - ass design , we get angry .
We speak with the disappointed , crushed hearts of the gadget idealists we are :
Why does this thing suck so bad ?
Well , we 've had it with crappy gadgets .
Like our friends at Underwire , Autopia and Wired Science , we 're recruiting the help of a black hole to crush the worst gadgets into nothingness .
Here 's a list of 10 gadgets – plus one bonus " gadget " – that deserve to be thrown beyond the event horizon , never to return .
We 've probably only scratched the surface here , so feel free to nominate ( below ) your own candidates for gadgets that should be thrown out of normal spacetime .
1. iPod/iPhone earbuds
The crummy earbuds included with every iPod or iPhone are ugly , do n't fit well and deliver terrible sound .
They 're a beacon for burglars : Hello !
I 've got an iPod in my pocket , and it 's right here !
And they do n't even last very long :
Within months of normal use , they often start developing painful buzzes .
2. CueCat
The most amazing thing about this infrared barcode reader , which did nothing but read special codes printed in magazines and then take you to a website , is that the company convinced so many publishers to distribute them .
During the height of the CueCat craze , hundreds of thousands were shipped to customers around the U.S. – including a half - million subscribers to Wired – whether they wanted them or not .
They were ugly and almost totally useless , and most probably wound up in landfills within the year .
3. Sony MiniDisc
Sony 's come up with many annoying and proprietary formats in an ill - advised attempt to control its customers , but this was one of the worst .
It combined a new physical media format with Sony 's annoying ATRAC file format , and of course had ridiculous restrictions on copying files .
While MiniDiscs achieved some popularity with musicians for their ease of recording and editing live performances , most people gave this horrible format a justifiable pass .
4. Motorola RAZR
Everyone had this phone , and everybody hated it .
So sexy , yet so crappy with everything it did : poor call quality , cheap buttons , bad software on every carrier .
5. Sony Vaio Series P Lifestyle PC
Screw this thing .
Sure , it looks beautiful , and it's meant for fashion - conscious people who want a stylish , amazingly portable PC .
But its crummy keyboard , short ( two - hour ) battery life , squint - inducing 8.9 - inch screen and high price tag make it the perfect device for – well , we do n't know anyone we would wish the Vaio Series P on .
6. HiPhone
There are a lot of crummy Chinese knockoffs of the iPhone .
We bought this , called the HiPhone , for $ 118 plus $ 42 shipping , to see if it might be a budget - conscious consumer 's alternative to a pricey Apple handset .
We were almost instantly sorry .
7. Apple 's Hockey - Puck Mouse
Everybody makes mistakes , and Apple , the king of industrial design , really screwed up on this one .
The hockey - puck mouse , which Apple shipped with its tooty - fruity iMacs , was an ergonomic atrocity .
You never knew if it was pointed the right way until the pointer started moving diagonally on your screen instead of straight across like you intended .
And who could possibly find a circular mouse comfortable ?
Perfect peripheral for Cookie Monster , we suppose .
8. BlackBerry Storm
BlackBerry Storm . Photo : Jonathan Snyder / Wired.com
When RIM announced it was going to make a touchscreen phone , lots of Crackberry addicts were excited .
Finally , they'd have a chance to use a BlackBerry with a touchscreen !
Um , not so fast :
The BlackBerry Storm has an oddball interface , with a touchscreen that " clicks " down ( the whole thing physically moves ) every time you press a button .
It 's supposed to make the touchscreen experience more accurate and more tactile , but it just winds up slowing you down .
And it feels weird besides .
9. Asus S101 Netbook
Yeah , yeah , we 've seen the numbers about how many millions of netbooks people are buying .
But seriously , how much junk are people willing to put up with ?
With a crummy trackpad , substandard keys and horrible build quality , this netbook disappointed us more than most .
While Asus may have lead the netbook revolution , this is one product that needs some serious work .
10 . Simon
Did you ever have to play this game ?
That was one annoying gadget .
BONUS : AT&T Wireless
While not technically a gadget , it 's the network that supports one of our favorite gizmos , the iPhone .
But good gravy , have you ever seen a carrier that was so good at providing service so badly ?
It 's infuriating enough 3G data speeds are slower than a stunned yak , but AT&T seems to revel in giving its customers less than everyone else .
Between crippling some features that became standard on other devices years ago ( MMS and tethering ) and having notoriously spotty coverage – even in metropolitan areas – it's a wonder why people would volunteer to sign away two years of their lives on service that borders on barely functional .
We do n't want to destroy the network that powers our iDevices .
But unless AT&T shapes up soon , we 'll have no choice but to crush it into a state of infinite mass and density for its own good .
Think of it as the cellular equivalent of the ending of Old Yeller .
Top image : Artist 's rendering of a black hole .
Courtesy NASA .
What gadgets would you throw into a black hole ?
Enter your nominations below , and vote on other readers ' suggestions right here .
We 've primed the pump with a few gadgets that did n't make it into our top 10 list , mostly because the G - Lab crew did n't all agree that they sucked .
NOTE : Voting " up " means that yes , you agree it is a gadget and should be thrown into a black hole .
Submit a gadget
While you can submit as many gadgets as you want , you can only submit one every 30 minutes .
No HTML allowed .
Back to top
But much of that effort has now petered out , and American officials have never been permitted to see how much of the money was spent , the facilities where the weapons are kept or even a tally of how many Pakistan has produced .
The facility Pakistan was supposed to build to conduct its own training exercises is running years behind schedule .
Administration officials would not say if the subject would be raised during Mr. Zardari ’s first meeting with Mr. Obama .
But even if Mr. Obama raises the subject , it is not clear how fruitful the conversation might be .
Mr. Zardari heads the country ’s National Command Authority , the mix of political , military and intelligence leaders responsible for its arsenal of 60 to 100 nuclear weapons .
But in reality , his command and control over the weapons are considered tenuous at best ; that power lies primarily in the hands of the army chief of staff , Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani , the former director of Inter - Services Intelligence , the country ’s intelligence agency .
For years the Pakistanis have waved away the recurring American concerns , with the head of nuclear security for the country , Gen. Khalid Kidwai , dismissing them as “ overblown rhetoric . ”
Americans who are experts on the Pakistani system worry about what they do not know .
“ For years I was concerned about the weapons materials in Pakistan , the materials in the laboratories , ” said Rolf Mowatt - Larssen , who ran the Energy Department ’s intelligence unit until January , and before that was a senior C.I.A. officer sent to Pakistan to determine whether nuclear technology had been passed to Osama bin Laden .
“ I ’m still worried about that , but with what we ’re seeing , I ’m growing more concerned about something going missing in transport , ” said Mr. Mowatt - Larssen , who is now at Harvard ’s Kennedy School of Government .
Several current officials said that they were worried that insurgents could try to provoke an incident that would prompt Pakistan to move the weapons , and perhaps use an insider with knowledge of the transportation schedule for weapons or materials to tip them off .
That concern appeared to be what Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton was hinting at in testimony 10 days ago before the House Appropriations Committee .
Pakistan ’s weapons , she noted , “ are widely dispersed in the country . ”
Buy Vending Machines From the Experts
Are you looking for snack vending , soda vending or cold food vending machines ?
You ’re in the right place !
We are Global Vending Group , your all - in - one vending machine resource .
As one of the top distributors for vending machines , we ’re committed to providing our clients with top tier customer service and support .
Offering a large scale inventory of vending machines and vending machine parts at low prices is why our customers continue to stay loyal to us .
Some of the top vending machine brands we offer , include : Dixie Narco , Jofemar , Seaga , Royal Vendors , and Perfect Break Systems .
Global Vending Group has delivered machines to companies like Whole Foods , Walmart , Amazon Warehouse 's , and Days Inn .
We want your business to stand out just as much as theirs .
It ’s not about completing an order , it ’s about continuing to build a valuable partnership that will help you achieve your business goals .
Our support staff is not only made up of experienced members , but also team players who are knowledgeable on the “ How - To ’s ” of these vending machines .
Learn how to refill coin mechanisms , clean a soda machine , adjust your thermostat or unlock your vending machine !
With Global Vending Group , “ Vending Made Easy ” ™!
You ’re already here , so we encourage you to browse through all of our vending machines and quality machine parts .
You can order through our secure online system or gives us a call at ( 800 ) 592-4220 .
The Global Vending Group team is here to help you find exactly what your business needs .
x
Find a Literary Agent or Self Publish : How to Decide
by Fern Reiss , CEO , PublishingGame.com
You ’ve decided to publish a book .
You ’ve done the hard part — you ’ve finally got the manuscript written .
Now all that ’s left is to publish it — and that ’s the easy part , right ?
Welcome to today ’s new world of publishing , and the options that await you .
In the old days ( we ’re talking 15 years ago ) there was really only one choice for writers who wanted to release their words to the world :
You sent your manuscript to a publishing house , and then you prayed .
( Sure , even then you knew you were supposed to find a literary agent first , but that seemed a harder quest even than nailing down a publisher . )
Six , eight , twelve , sometimes 24 months later , you ’d get that sinking feeling in your stomach when your familiar , brown - wrapped manuscript turned up again in your mailbox .
Sometimes it would be accompanied by a scrawled , “ Sorry , not for us , ” or a day - brightening , “ Try us again ! ”
More often it would come with a form letter , explaining politely that they get a lot of manuscripts and they publish few .
After attempting in vain to remove the coffee stains from your once - virgin pages , you ’d type the thing up afresh and start all over again .
Today ’s publishing world is radically different — and that ’s very exciting for us as authors .
First of all , there are many more outlets today to which to send your work .
Twenty years ago , there were a handful of top - notch literary agents .
Today , there are several hundred good literary agents across the country .
( Partly this is because the large publishing houses have downsized and been gobbled up in recent years , and many of the former publishing house editors have now hung out shingles as literary agents . )
Regardless , there are many more outlets for your work , and many more opportunities to capture a literary agent than ever before .
( There are also more venues in which to meet a literary agent .
With writing conferences popping up all over the country , you can pretty much pre-select your agent of choice and then track down the conference where you can most easily meet him ! )
There ’s also the new viability of self - publishing today .
Although there have always been self - published books ( Ben Franklin and Mark Twain are among the literary forefathers who supposedly self - published ) the technology has now become accessible and affordable for all .
You can print a 250 - paged paperback book in quantities of 1,000 for just $ 2 per copy today — making self - publishing a truly viable option for many .
And there ’s the new buzz word in today ’s technology , print - on - demand , which promises to pave the bumps in the road even further for authors .
Although I do n’t recommend print - on - demand publishing for most situations ( see my article on POD ) there are circumstances in which POD is an affordable , easy alternative for authors seeking to publish .
So given all the options , how do you decide ?
What are the tradeoffs ?
What are the caveats ?
I give all - day Publishing Game workshops on these topics , but here are just a few things to consider : Cachet .
Being able to refer to your literary agent and publisher is now , and probably always will be , more impressive than publishing yourself .
When someone at a cocktail party asks what you do , if you can say , “ I ’m an author , Harper - Collins published my latest book , ” that ’s classy .
When I say , “ I ’m Peanut Butter and Jelly Press , ” it ’s just cute .
So it depends on your goals ; if you ’re in it for the prestige , the traditional literary agent / big publisher route is probably best for you .
Control .
If you want to control the details of your book — the editing , the cover design , even the content — you need to self - publish .
Although the best publishers give you some input , you ’re never able to control all the details unless you ’re publishing yourself .
Profits .
If you have a clear sense of who your audience is , and how you can reach them , you might be able to generate much more income from your book by doing it yourself .
When you work with a large publisher , you make only 10 % of list price ( and the agent takes 15 % of that . )
So the book that sells for $ 10 retail is netting you — 85 cents .
As a self - publisher , you keep all those profits — so that same $ 10 book , once you ’ve paid off the middlemen who sell to the bookstores and libraries , will generate at least $ 3 to $ 4.50 , or even more for books sold back of the room at talks or directly over your website .
You can be just 10 % as successful as a large publisher — and make the same amount !
( The downside is that you ’ll also incur all the financial risk .
With a big publisher , you may not make money , but you wo n’t lose it either . )
Still , there are an estimated 50,000 small publishers in the US today , and we ’re generating over $ 14 billion annually in book sales .
You can be one of us .
Speed .
Mainstream publishing is painfully slow .
Even after you find a literary agent and publisher , the time lag between their acceptance of your manuscript and the final publication of your book could easily be as long as two to three years .
Be sure your topic wo n’t wither in that period of time .
( My book , Terrorism and Kids : Comforting Your Child came out one week after 9/11 .
All the big publisher books on 9/11 came out nine months later , way too late for the market — and most of those books ended up being remaindered . )
Shelf Life .
With a big publisher , you have no control over the shelf life of your book .
Most books today — even those which receive huge advances of money — have a bookstore shelf - life of only eight months .
So if you want your book to be around for longer , you need to consider self - publishing .
( I turned down a six - figure advance for my book , The Infertility Diet : Get Pregnant and Prevent Miscarriage , because I was concerned that it would be yanked from shelves prematurely .
By self - publishing , I was able to ensure that it stayed in print — and on bookstore shelves — forever .
That book has now been selling for six years — and it still sells like hotcakes . )
Business .
If you like to write , but you have no interest in business , leave the publishing to someone else .
Self - publishing is a business .
To make money at it , you need to like those sorts of business things .
( You may , on the other hand , find that you love those sorts of business things — I have ! )
Publicity .
Finally , no matter which way you ultimately decide to publish your book , remember that you — and you alone — are responsible for your book ’s publicity .
No matter how much money the big publisher throws your way , it ’s unlikely that they ’ll be doing any publicity for your title .
( In fact , several large publishing houses are now buying my small press book , The Publishing Game : Bestseller in 30 Days and giving it to their authors to encourage them to do some publicity on their own ! )
If you want your book to sell , and sell well , you ’ll need to learn how to do book promotion .
Fortunately , it ’s a learnable skill , and with a little practice , you ’ll get good at it .
Finally , remember that publishing is a game .
Whichever way you decide to publish , sit back , relax , and enjoy the experience !
Fern Reiss is CEO of PublishingGame.com ( www.PublishingGame.com) and Expertizing.com ( www.Expertizing.com) and the author of the books , The Publishing Game : Find an Agent in 30 Days , The Publishing Game : Bestseller in 30 Days , and The Publishing Game : Publish a Book in 30 Days as well as several other award - winning books .
She is also the Director of the International Association of Writers ( www.AssociationofWriters.com) providing publicity vehicles to writers worldwide .
She also runs The Expertizing ® Publicity Forum where you can pitch your book or business directly to journalists ; more information at www.Expertizing.com/forum.htm.
Sign up for her complimentary newsletter at www.PublishingGame.com/signup.htm.
Copyright © 2011 Fern Reiss
2008-08-25
Posted August 25 , 2008 at 12:00 am
Ooh , baby .
Science groupies .
Also , just for clarity , yesterday 's strip was n't a dig at CIDU .
The similarity in content was pure coincidence .
I actually enjoy Bill 's blog , and the small debate I had about whether SMBC is sexist or not was entirely civil .
Do n't read too much into the comics :) .
Well , except for today's , which is about YOUR MOM .
This year marks the 150th anniversary of Charles Darwin's The Origin of Species .
Darwin argued that dramatic evolutionary changes occur through a natural process .
He proved that evolution is unmanaged .
These views were an enormous challenge to Victorian religious orthodoxy and remain a provocation to many today .
The number who cling to creationism is substantial – and they crop up in surprising places .
One such place is the UK broadcasting sector , where there appears consensus that the operation of the market is inadequate , and that a better outcome can be achieved by governments and regulators .
While creationism may provide an illusion of certainty , it has harmful effects .
Creationism penalises the poorest with regressive taxes – such as the licence fee .
It promotes inefficient infrastructure such as digital terrestrial television .
It creates unaccountable institutions - the BBC Trust , Channel 4 and Ofcom .
And it threatens significant damage to the provision of independent news , to investment in professional journalism , and to the growth of the creative industries .
We are on the wrong path .
We should instead trust consumers , embrace private enterprise and profit , and reduce the activities of the state in our sector .
Yet the authorities currently pursue intervention with relish .
In the past five years Ofcom has launched nearly 450 consultations – almost two every week .
It has produced three public service broadcasting annual reports , and two PSB reviews in five phases .
These alone have amounted to over 5,000 pages and spawned 18,000 pages of responses .
Ofcom 's repeated assertion of its bias against intervention is becoming impossible to believe .
If the diverse broadcasting ecology it calls for is to be achieved , intervention in the media should only be contemplated if serious harm to consumer interests is evident .
Investment is another victim of creationism in broadcasting .
Heavy regulation and a large public sector crowds out the opportunity for profit , hinders job creation , and dampens innovation .
And we do n't even have the basics in place to protect creative work .
Whether it 's shoplifting a DVD or pirating it online , theft is theft .
But government dithers .
Tolstoy said that all happy families resemble one another , while each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way .
True , nowhere is completely happy , but there are things to welcome – Germany 's regulatory professionalism , India 's growth opportunities , France 's robust defence of intellectual property .
The problem with the UK is that it is unhappy in every way : it is the Addams family of world media .
So what is the alternative ?
To trust people .
To encourage free choice .
Soon more than half of all UK homes will enjoy some form of television that they freely choose to pay for .
Pay - television has succeeded in Britain by providing programmes in genres which public service broadcasting served inadequately : to begin with , largely 24 - hour news , a broad choice of sport , the latest films .
And so now with arts and drama .
Sky offers four dedicated arts channels .
Original commissioning by channels that customers choose to pay for is expanding , not just from Sky , but also National Geographic , History and the Disney Channel , to name a few .
Sky alone now invests over £ 1bn a year in UK content .
The sector has delivered so many innovations : from multi-channel television itself , to the launch of digital , personal video recorders , high definition and soon 3D TV at home .
And yet the authorities continue to seek more control .
The volume and character of detailed content regulation is astonishing .
A recent Ofcom broadcasting bulletin weighed in at 119 pages .
Every year , roughly half a million words are devoted to telling broadcasters what they can and cannot say .
The UK and EU regulatory system also tightly controls advertising : the amount per hour , the availability of product placement , the distinction between advertising and editorial and so forth .
The latest EU - inspired rules on scheduling of advertising restrict the number of ad breaks permitted in news programming .
Television news is already a tough enough business .
These proposals could undermine commercial viability even further .
In addition , the system is concerned with imposing what it calls impartiality in broadcast news .
The effect is not to curb bias – bias is present in all news media – but simply to disguise it .
Broadcasters are beset by content control , advertising regulation and restrictions on free speech .
Yet there is a strong alternative tradition with at least four centuries behind it – first of pamphlets and books , later of magazines and newspapers .
Would we welcome a world in which the Times newspaper was told by government how much religious coverage to carry ?
Would we support a state newspaper with more money than the rest of the sector put together and 50 % of the market ?
Of course not .
So why is this approach appropriate for broadcasting ?
There is a land grab going on – and it should be sternly resisted .
The land grab is spearheaded by the BBC .
The scope of its activities and ambitions is chilling .
Funded by a hypothecated tax , the BBC feels empowered to offer something for everyone , even in areas well served by the market .
Rather than concentrating on areas where the market is not delivering , the BBC seeks to compete head - on for audiences with commercial providers to dampen opposition to a compulsory licence fee .
The corporation is incapable of distinguishing between what is good for it , and what is good for the country .
Dumping free , state - sponsored news on the market makes it incredibly difficult for journalism to flourish on the internet .
Yet it is essential for the future of independent journalism that a fair price can be charged for news to people who value it .
We seem to have decided to let independence and plurality wither – to let the BBC throttle the news market , and get bigger to compensate .
For hundreds of years people have fought for the right to publish what they think .
Yet today the threat to independent news provision is serious and imminent .
We have a system in which state - sponsored media – the BBC in particular – grow ever more dominant .
If we are to have that state sponsorship at all , then it is fundamental to the health of the creative industries , independent production , and professional journalism that it exists on a far , far smaller scale .
Above all , we must have genuine independence in news media .
Independence is characterised by the absence of the apparatus of supervision and dependency .
Independence of faction , industrial or political .
Independence of subsidy , gift or patronage .
Independence is sustained by true accountability to customers .
People who buy the newspapers , open the application , decide to take out the TV subscription – people who choose a service they value .
And people value honest , fearless , and independent news coverage that challenges the consensus .
There is an inescapable conclusion .
The only reliable , durable , and perpetual guarantor of independence is profit .
Be Ashamed To Die Until You Have Won Some Victory For Humanity - Horace Mann
If you were hoping for Chad Ochocinco to pull out his cell phone and tweet after scoring a touchdown this season , prepare to be disappointed .
According to NBC Sports , the NFL will not allow in - game tweeting , per the league ’s current policy of prohibiting players or other team personnel from using their cell phones during competition .
However , it ’s unclear what the penalty will be for doing so , and if the past is any indicator , an attention seeking multi-millionaire of the Ochocinco variety will probably be happy to pay the fine for the thrill of pulling off an unprecedented touchdown celebration and tweeting from the end - zone ( a rare occurrence last season , as my fantasy team would have you know ) .
In all seriousness , in - game tweeting is actually becoming an issue that pro sports leagues need to address , one way or another .
Athletes have embraced social media tools perhaps even moreso than other entertainers , with the LPGA actually encouraging ( to the dismay of some players ) tweeting during tournaments , and NFL star Shawne Merriman recently paying a visit to our own Jennifer Van Grove ’s tweetup in San Diego .
For now , the top tech - related touchdown celebration remains credited to Joe Horn , who made a cell phone call after scoring a touchdown back in 2003 .
If only Twitter had existed back then :
An international maritime hunt is underway for a missing cargo ship which is thought to be the first hijacked vessel to be sailed through the English Channel in modern times .
The Arctic Sea , a Maltese registered , Latvian - owned ship with a 15 - strong Russian crew , vanished with its £ 1 m cargo at the end of July on its way from Finland to Algeria .
British coastguards were the last people known to communicate with the ship on 29 July as it passed along the Channel but it was n't realised at the time that anything was wrong .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
It is now thought that when the UK's Maritime and Coastguard Agency ( MCA ) was in radio contact with the ship that the person speaking to them was either a hijacker or a member of the crew with a gun pointed at his head .
The circumstances surrounding its likely hijacking are as puzzling as its current whereabouts .
Swedish authorities were told by the Finnish shipping line operating the vessel that on 24 July the Arctic Sea had been boarded by eight to 10 heavily - armed men while it sailed through the Baltic Sea .
The crew , three of whom were injured , were tied up and the black - clad and masked men , who purported to be narcotics police , searched the ship .
After 12 hours the intruders left and , supposedly , allowed the vessel to continue on its journey having damaged the communications equipment .
But after reaching the Portuguese coast , having sailed along the Channel to get to the Atlantic , the Arctic Sea disappeared from the radar and has n't been seen since .
Its destination had been the Algerian port of Bejaia which it was scheduled to reach on 4 August with its valuable cargo of timber .
Mark Clark , of the MCA , said : " It 's highly unusual .
We do n't know the last time a hijacked vessel sailed the English Channel , it was that long ago .
It 's very weird , very strange .
There 's no parallel that we know about that comes this strange .
" We heard from this ship , not knowing it had been hijacked , on 29 July at 5.30 in the morning .
Every ship has to report to us if they are on our side of the Channel .
They said they had 15 crew on board and they were going from Jacobstad to Bejaia .
They were carrying a load of timber .
" It was n't until later that we had a report from the Zeebrugge police to say it had been hijacked off the coast of Sweden .
The contact we had suggested everything was OK on the ship but we do n't know if we were talking to a hijacker or a genuine crew member with a gun at his head . "
The next time the 3,988 tonne ship , which was built in 1992 and is thought to have been in good condition , was recorded was by a Portuguese coastal patrol aircraft .
The timber on the ship belonged to a Finnish - Swedish paper , pulp and timber firm , Stora Enso , which has been trying to get details of the cargo 's whereabouts from the vessel 's Finnish - based management firm , Solchart Management .
Kari Numminen , of Stora Enso , said : " The shipping line has not told us anything .
There is absolutely no information at all .
Naturally , wild theories emerge in such a situation . "
Swedish , Finnish and Russian authorities are among those investigating the disappearance and the Russian navy is now thought to have dispatched a warship to join the hunt .
" This ship is of interest to very many people , " a Spanish coastguard official said .
" There are no indications that it would have passed Gibraltar .
" It would be very strange if the ship would have managed to slip through unnoticed . "
Story
In a move that preserves critical transit services for riders across King County , Executive Kurt Triplett today proposed a multi- year solution to fixing Metro Transit ’s budget deficit , currently projected at $ 500 million over the next four years .
This comprehensive financial plan addresses the transit budget deficit over a 4 - year period and saves critical existing Metro Transit service by combining the use of reserves with fare increases , deferred expansion , efficiencies and service reductions .
This approach preserves the bulk of the region ’s bus service by maintaining nearly all existing routes and reducing service proportionally across the entire system , thus sharing the burden and avoiding an unproductive regional fight over service impacts .
The proposed solution also protects King County ’s existing investment in Metro Transit while continuing to provide reliable , safe and affordable public transportation .
“ If sub-regions try to create winners , the transit riders will be the losers , ” said Executive Triplett .
“ We can and must do better . ”
Currently , Metro ’s largest source of revenue is receipts from the nine - tenths - of - a - cent sales tax .
Because of the global economic downturn , that revenue stream is down dramatically .
The result is a projected $ 213 million transit fund deficit for the 2010 / 2011 biennium .
In addition , economic models project Metro Transit ’s sales tax revenue will not return to even 2008 levels until 2014 .
So , the big picture view of what Metro Transit faces is not a short - term , two year problem that can be solved with stop gap measures , but at least a $ 500 million deficit over the next four years that continues to grow beyond that time frame .
Executive Triplett ’s initial efforts to erase that deficit , balance the budget and preserve as much service as possible began two weeks ago with the announcement of two pieces of a proposal to fix the transit budget deficit : 1 ) a proposed property tax for Metro at no new cost to taxpayers achieved by re-prioritizing transportation dollars now spent on passenger ferries to buses , and 2 ) deferring planned Transit Now expansion ( with the exception of the RapidRide program and already - approved Service Partnerships ) .
Those are parts 1 and 4 of a comprehensive 9 - point budget action plan which calls for :
Action 1 – Deferred bus service expansion by first scaling back growth with the exception of the RapidRide program and already - approved Service Partnership agreements .
The revenue gap assumes growth in bus service , primarily associated with the implementation of Transit Now .
Delaying that expansion closes the gap .
This effectively leverages funding from other agencies and saves $ 36 million over the next four years .
Action 2 – Substantially cutting the capital program by re-prioritizing the Metro Transit capital program , mainly by purchasing fewer buses .
With service cuts and delayed expansion we need fewer investments .
This saves $ 83 million over the next four years .
Action 3 – Non-service related cuts .
My plan calls for reducing programs not associated with “ basic service ” by roughly 10 % .
Programs include reorganizations and efficiencies , fewer new transit police , eliminating of much of our printed materials , reductions in customer service and park and ride landscaping , and increased cleaning cycles for buses .
These were selected in a way that allows Metro to minimize impacts to its service and save $ 27 million over the next four years .
Action 4 – Raising new revenue through a property tax swap .
As announced two weeks ago , by re-prioritizing transportation dollars now spent on passenger ferries to buses by using 5.5 cents of the new property tax authority granted by the 2009 legislature .
By law , the first 1 cent of this must be dedicated to expanded bus service across SR 520 while the remaining 4.5 cents will be used to preserve planned new RapidRide service around the county .
This would be offset by rolling back 4.5 cents of the Ferry District levy and 1 cent of the AFIS levy .
The 5.5 cent new property tax levy for Metro would raise $ 58 million over the next four years .
More importantly , using the property tax in this way will create dedicated , sustainable service for more than 16 million riders annually on crucial transportation corridors that link our urban centers and jobs .
Action 5 – Tapping into operating reserves to help stabilize service levels .
Current county financial policies call for maintaining a 30 - day operating reserve of $ 50 million .
While some reserves are needed , it makes little sense to be adding money to reserves while cutting service .
During this financial emergency , lowering this amount to roughly two weeks of operating reserves will help in 2009 and beyond by stabilizing service levels and offseting additional fare increases , freeing up $ 40 million over the next four years .
Action 6 – Increasing fares by 25 cents in 2011 .
Bus riders must also be part of the solution .
This increase is in addition to an already planned 25 - cent fare increase in 2010 and recent increases in 2008 and 2009 .
This will improve our estimated operating - revenue to operating - expense ratio to 28 percent .
It is also a more modest approach to increasing fares than the council has proposed , and is intended to balance cost recovery with affordability to transit riders rather than driving them away when they need transit most .
This will result in $ 35 million more in net revenue over the next four years .
Action 7 – Using fleet replacement reserves to help stabilize the revenue base and significantly help with the deficit during this crisis .
Using the one - time excess fleet replacement reserves recently identified by the county auditor and spending them over the next four years will save $ 100 million over next four years to support existing service levels .
Action 8 – Implementing operating efficiencies from the forthcoming transit performance audit recommendations .
There is a Metro performance audit currently underway that is likely to identify operating efficiencies that the auditor and Metro staff believe will help the agency achieve some of the efficiencies indicated , particularly in how service is planned and scheduled .
To the extent Metro can achieve these efficiencies over the next few years , these savings are likely to offset or “ buy back ” a portion of the anticipated service reductions .
However it is premature to assign a dollar savings to these efficiencies today .
Action 9 – And the final and most difficult action : reducing bus service .
Despite all the actions outlined above , there is still a remaining deficit of about $ 30 million over the biennium and $ 90 million over the next four years .
This amount equates to a bus system that will need to shrink by 310,000 hours of annual service over the next two years or roughly 9 % of the overall bus system .
In an effort to avoid an unproductive regional transit fight , Executive Triplett ’s proposal treats these service reductions as “ suspensions ” rather than permanent “ cuts ” so that the service hours can be restored to each affected sub - area when it becomes affordable to do so .
This approach and the comprehensive steps outlined are aimed at avoiding a “ winners versus losers ” approach to regional transit service allocation and instead focusing attention on the need for regional service areas to share as equally as possible the difficult burden of reducing transit service at a time when cash - strapped residents and the regional economy needs it most .
“ These are extraordinary times , and these are extraordinary circumstances for King County and our world - class transit system , ” said Executive Triplett .
“ But I believe this plan takes a balanced and comprehensive approach to addressing this crisis with fiscally sound , sustainable financial practices that preserve as much service as possible over the near and long - term . ”
To get King County farther down the road to fiscal sustainability , implementation of this plan not only depends on help and support from the region and the county council , but also depends on forming a partnership with the state and federal governments to seek a longer - term solution to address King County ’s volatile sales tax revenue base .
The proposed policy changes will be coordinated with the transit budget proposal and submitted to the Regional Transit Committee and county council for consideration .
Related information
1902 : With human comfort the last thing on his mind , a young mechanical engineer completes the schematic drawings for what will be the first successful air - conditioning system .
Willis Haviland Carrier , recently graduated from Cornell University and pulling down 10 bucks a week ( about $ 260 in cold cash today ) working for the Buffalo Forge heating company in upstate New York .
He was tasked with finding a solution for a printing company in Brooklyn that was having problems :
Its paper was expanding or contracting in the variable East Coast humidity .
That played havoc with the color register for four - color printing , since the ink , applied one color at a time , required pinpoint calibration to avoid badly aligned , muddy illustrations .
The system that Carrier devised still forms the basis of the air conditioner ( or , more accurately , humidity controller ) today :
Air was forced through a filter of a piston - driven compressor , where it was pumped over coils that were chilled using coolant .
The cold air was then expelled into a closed space using a fan , cooling the room and stabilizing the humidity .
Carrier later switched from piston power to the centrifugal chiller , which allowed much larger spaces to be cooled .
He also replaced the toxic ammonia that had been the original cooling agent .
The air conditioner was just what the Brooklyn printer needed .
The humidity problem vanished , and — as the word got out — other companies began clamoring for Carrier 's machine .
Paper victories aside , the salubrious effect on humans was also recognized early on .
Although commercial outfits such as manufacturing plants were the first customers , Carrier kept fiddling with his invention .
By 1915 , he was running his own company , Carrier Engineering Corp. , which supplied cooling systems to hotels , department stores , theaters and , eventually , private homes .
Among Carrier 's early big - ticket customers were the U.S. Congress , the White House and New York 's Madison Square Garden .
The impact of air conditioning can't be overstated .
Sun Belt cities and other places where stifling hot weather is a factor enjoyed an economic boom as people settled in large numbers , protected from the elements by Carrier 's invention .
That population shift in turn changed the political balance of the nation .
Even the nature of architectural design changed , with perhaps the most conspicuous example being the smoky glass - clad skyscrapers that now dot almost every big -city skyline .
The chlorofluorocarbons used in air conditioning have in recent years been blamed for the growing hole in the Earth 's ozone layer .
Sealed , air - conditioned buildings and other closed spaces utilizing circulated forced air , like commercial airliners , are also criticized as breeding grounds for communicable diseases .
There 's no denying , though , that a good air conditioner can beat the heat .
Carrier died in 1950 , at 73 , but his company still exists and remains a major manufacturer of cooling and refrigeration systems .
Source : Various
Photo : Willis Carrier poses proudly * in 1922 ** with the first chiller .
Courtesy Carrier Corporation
*
See Also :
Open Book Alliance Throws Book at Google
The Open Book Alliance–or “ Sour Grapes Alliance , ” as Google likes to call it–formally launched Wednesday afternoon , debuting a new Web site , as well as the manifesto with which it is challenging Google ’s settlement with authors and publishers .
“ The mass digitization of books promises to bring tremendous value to consumers , libraries , scholars , and students , ” the Alliance says in its mission statement .
“ The Open Book Alliance will work to advance and protect this promise .
And , by protecting it , we will assert that any mass book digitization and publishing effort be open and competitive .
The process of achieving this promise must be undertaken in the open , grounded in sound public policy and mindful of the need to promote long - term benefits for consumers rather than isolated commercial interests .
The Open Book Alliance will counter Google , the Association of American Publishers and the Authors ’ Guild ’s scheme to monopolize the access , distribution and pricing of the largest digital database of books in the world .
To this end , we will promote fair and flexible solutions aimed at achieving a more robust and open system . ”
Rallying behind that cry is an array of nonprofit author groups , library institutions , and Google ( GOOG ) rivals that includes the American Society of Journalists and Authors , the New York Library Association , Microsoft ( MSFT ) , Yahoo ( YHOO ) and Amazon ( AMZN ) , which only confirmed its membership in the Alliance today .
All of these participants fear that the Google Book Search Settlement , which will restore access to millions of out - of - print books , could one day give the company a monopoly on the largest digital library in the world .
With a Sept. 4 deadline for submissions to the court reviewing the settlement approaching , we ’re likely to hear increasingly more cries that the settlement is bad for consumers , libraries , schools , authors and publishers .
Tons of men ask me “ Where should I take a girl on a date ? ”
My answer to them is always the same “ Where do you want to go on a date ? ”
The dating process is all about seeing if two people can connect and fit into each others lives .
Therefore I feel that in the beginning stages of dating you must hold true to who you are so the other person can see if they want to come along for the ride .
A lot of men try too hard to think “ what would impress her ? ” , “ what would she want to do ? ” , “ what will make her want to be with me more ? ”
In the beginning , the first few dates , this she or her is really no one to you .
At least not anyone whose needs come before yours .
Right ?
So then stop focusing on her and start focusing on you .
If you want to go to a salsa class , take her with .
If you want to go to a comedy show and laugh , take her with .
A first date does not need to be extravagant , expensive and showy .
It has to be real and it has to be you .
BUT most importantly it has to be fun and enjoyable .
Great first date ideas :
Drinks at a bar Bowling Walk on the boardwalk , walk street Jazz club Salsa dancing Comedy show Concert Mini Golf Billiards Go carting Art exhibit Wine bar Cooking class Book signing
My recommendation is to not go to an expensive restaurant and wine and dine .
NOT YET !
Wait until you know she is worth it .
Get more Insider Information on What Women Want in every situation .
Sign up and receive FREE tips and tools sent directly to your in - box :
Roger Mortis and Doug Bigelow are cops that are chasing crooks that are dead serious about crime .
Or should I say they are chasing dead crooks perpetrating serious crimes ?
Seems some nutcase has learned how to bring back the dead and is sending them on crime sprees .
Now these indestructable goons are in the way of officers Mortis and Bigelow .
To even things up , when Mortis is killed ( in the line of duty , of course ) he gets a jump start from the Resurrection machine and takes the fight to the zombie bad guys .
Written by Tim Kretschmann < Tim.K@VirComm.com >
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) --
A panel that oversees the $ 700 billion bank bailout package said Friday that financial institutions buying out warrants they gave the government in exchange for capital injections are now buying back those stakes at well below their fair value .
The Congressional Oversight Panel , which is charged with overseeing the Troubled Asset Relief Program , or TARP , said in a report that a group of 11 small banks that have repurchased government warrants in exchange for taxpayer - funded assistance , have bought - out the stakes at 66 % of their face value .
The oversight panel , which employed three Harvard University valuation experts to conduct the analysis , said taxpayers would have received $ 10 million more had the warrants been sold back to the banks at their face value .
The report argues that liquidity discounts are a key factor for why the warrants were purchased at such low prices .
Should a similar discount be a major factor for warrant repurchases at larger institutions buying out government stakes , the shortfall to taxpayers could be as much as $ 2.7 billion , the report said .
A group of 32 financial firms , including 10 large financial institutions , paid $ 70.2 billion to buy out preferred shares Treasury received when they received financial assistance .
These buyouts have made the firms eligible to buy back the warrants the government received along with the preferred shares .
Banks that received financial assistance as part of TARP were required to give the government warrants for the future purchase of some of their common shares .
Warrants are the right to buy common shares of a company at a set price at some point in the future .
The report said , however , that the Treasury may have other goals with the repurchases that supersede maximizing taxpayer returns .
" Treasury has said that it wants to allow banks to operate again without TARP assistance as soon as they are strong enough to do so , " it said .
However , some large financial institutions believe that the government is asking too much , not too little , for the warrants .
Treasury and J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM , +1.80 % have been unable to agree on a price for the warrants , prompting J.P. Morgan to take steps to waive its rights to them , according to company spokesman Joe Evangelisti .
That process allows the government to auction them in the public markets , said Evangelisti .
" Treasury turned down our price , " said Evangelisti .
" That enables Treasury to auction the warrants . "
J.P. Morgan provided a valuation for the warrants that Treasury rejected as too low , Evangelisti said .
" We support the process , " Evangelisti said .
The oversight panel 's report said the panel is exploring the possibility that Treasury consider selling the TARP warrants in an open , public auction -- an alternative that could possibly give taxpayers a better valuation for the stakes .
" This has the benefit of stopping any speculation about whether Treasury has been too tough or too easy on the banks that want to repurchase their own warrants .
It also permits the banks to bid for their own warrants -- in direct competition with outsiders , " the report said .
Should TARP be repaid ?
The report also raises the question of whether banks should be repaying TARP funds at all at this stage in the economic recovery .
The C.O.P.'s next report will examine this question .
" Any exit from the TARP system implicates an important policy question :
If the banks give up federal support prematurely , will the economy suffer as a result ?
The panel has not reached a consensus on whether it is wise policy to release banks from the TARP program at this time , but our June report on the bank stress tests raised key questions about whether we know enough about the banks ' overall health , " the report said .
Harvard Law School professor Elizabeth Warren chairs the panel , which has five members including AFL - CIO General Council Damon Silvers ; Rep. Jeb Hensarling , R - Tex . ; and former GOP senator John Sununu .
The panel also urged the Treasury to make the process for repayments as transparent as possible .
" As always , it is critical that Treasury make the process -- the reason for its decisions , the way it arrives at its figures , and the exit strategy from or future use of the TARP -- absolutely transparent .
If it fails to do so , the credibility of the decisions it makes and its stewardship of the TARP will be in jeopardy , " the report said .
As of June 30 , the Treasury has received roughly $ 6.7 billion in dividend payments from TARP - funded financial institutions , according to a GAO report Thursday .
The dividend funds have been allocated to pay down the national debt , but legislation under consideration on Capitol Hill would use some of the revenues from those funds to help revitalize neighborhoods and create affordable housing .
The release of the Lockerbie bomber triggered speculation that British energy companies trying to access Libya 's oil wealth could soon hit a bonanza .
But in reality , Big Oil is already there , and its interest in Libya is cooling .
The initial enthusiasm that accompanied Libya 's first rounds of oil licensing -- held soon after international sanctions were lifted in 2004 -- has worn off , a casualty of arbitrary laws , Draconian contractual terms and Byzantine bureaucracy .
Since ...
How to learn wxPython
We have had a lot of questions on the newsgroup asking how to go about learning wxPython .
This page gives some pointers on how to do just that .
Learn Python
If you are new to Python , and especially if you are new to programming in general , it makes the most sense to learn Python first , without any GUI stuff .
The wait can be frustrating , but it is worth it .
Python is a very powerful language capable of doing many things both with and without GUIs .
At a minimum , you should understand topics such as functions , modules , and classes .
Without those , learning wxPython will be a frustrating experience .
The Python website has an excellent guide for beginners that takes you step - by - step through the process of learning the language .
http://www.python.org/about/gettingstarted/
Choose a good editor
Features such as auto - completion , code highlighting , and an interactive window make for faster programming with less errors .
See http://wiki.python.org/moin/PythonEditors for a list of editors .
Install wxPython
If you do n't already have wxPython installed , see the How to install wxPython page .
Read the wxPython tutorials
Wiki tutorials : A great place to start is the Getting Started page .
Then you should look at the Obstacle Course and the Fully Functional Demo .
External tutorial : Another great resource is the Zetcode wxPython tutorial .
It covers using a wide range of subjects , including : getting started , menus / toolbars , sizers , events , the drawing API , widgets , creating custom widgets and demonstrates several ' skeleton ' applications .
Video tutorials : ShowMeDo.com hosts a set of wxPython tutorial videos - excellent for beginners .
There is also a series of wxPython videos on YouTube .
Read the wxPython Style Guide
It will serve you well to use a nice , modern style for your wxPython code .
Due to API changes over the years , and just plain experience , wxPython code style has changed quite a bit over the years , and gotten much more Pythonic .
Unfortunately , a lot of the examples you 'll find have not been updated to reflect this style .
As you will benefit from using good , modern , style , make sure to study wxPython Style Guide right when you get started , to establish good habits .
Read the demo files
wxPython comes with a comprehensive set of demos and examples .
Go to the download page and scroll down to the wxPython - demo - x.x.x files .
The demo demonstrates nearly all the features of wxPython .
You can see how different features work and study the source code .
NOTE : If the demos do n't work , make sure you have the latest wxPython version installed .
Sometimes demos use features not found in older versions .
To check your wxPython version , run :
1 import wx 2 print wx . version ( ) ()
A popular way to work on wxPython is to find a demo that is close to what you want , copy it , and then alter it to fit your needs .
Another source of examples is the wxPython Cookbook , as well as this very wiki itself , see this persistence mini-demo .
Use the wxWidgets documentation
A very important resource is the wxWidgets documentation .
It is written mainly in C++ , but there are notes for wxPython and most of the time you can mentally convert from the C++ syntax to the wxPython syntax .
You do n't need to know C++ to benefit from this .
A lot of wxPython programmers do n't know any C++ at all , and they still find the wxWidgets documentation very useful .
If you need help reading the wxWidgets docs , the C++ Guide for Pythoneers might be of help .
Or you can just ask for help on the mailing list .
Use the wxPython reference ( experimental )
You can try the automatically generated API reference .
This is an experimental feature .
It is not as thorough or mature as the wxWidgets documentation , but it is written in wxPython syntax instead of C++ syntax .
Study other people 's code
Charles Simonyi , the legendary Microsoft programmer , grew up in Hungary and had few books available to him from which to learn computer science .
He was able to get the source code for a compiler and studied the printouts as musicians would study musical scores .
There are quite a few gems in the sample code that is distributed with wxPython but are not in the Demo program , e.g. , FrogEdit and its underlying wx.lib.editor module .
I had assumed that an editor would be a wx .
TextCtrl on steroids .
I was surprised to see that the text was drawn to the screen using a DC ( device control ) and learned some good techniques .
I am also " reading " Transana and Task Coach , two sophisticated applications written in Python and wxPython , to learn how large applications are structured .
There is a huge difference between the small examples on this wiki , and actual real - world code , so the process of analyzing large applications is integral to learning wxPython .
Ask questions !
The wxPython-users mailing list is famous for its helpful and friendly members .
You can subscribe to it here : http://wxpython.org/maillist.php.
Rep. Trent Franks : I Came Within Three Days of Launching an Obama Citizenship Lawsuit
Created : August 28 , 2009 16:06 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
After a week of unwanted attention that seemed to end with him signing on to Rep.
Bill Posey ’s ( R - Fla . ) bill to demand birth certificates from future presidential candidates , Rep. Trent Franks ( R - Ariz . ) has released the audio and transcript from the town hall where , according to the Mohave Daily News , he had talked about suing for proof of the president ’s citizenship .
The real story on what Franks revealed at the town hall ?
He was “ terrified ” of Obama and “ willing to go into a lawsuit , ” and “ did all kinds of research ” that , at first , did nothing to calm him .
He only saw 1961 newspaper reports of Obama ’s birth “ about three days before we were going to launch a lawsuit . ”
According to the congressman ’s spokeswoman , Bethany Haley , this period of investigation and decision came * before the election * .
The transcript :
The ironic part about this is I was one of the few Members of Congress that was willing , if I could come up with a way to prove that Barack Obama was not born in this country , I was willing to go into a lawsuit .
I do n’t know of any other Member of Congress who was willing to do that , because I wanted to make sure that we were protecting both the Constitution and , quite frankly , I was terrified of this guy .
But I wanted to do it in a way that comported with the honest evidence that I have in front of me .
And so we did all kinds of research .
We found all kinds of conflicting research .
And we had to say , ‘ Okay , I ’m going to divorce myself from politics and I ’m going to look at the evidence for what it is , and see what we come up with . ’
And one of the things that happened , about three days before we were going to launch a lawsuit , is that we found several different newspapers that had shown that Barack Obama was born in Hawaii two years after it became a state .
Now , there was no way to have forged that …
I just do n’t have evidence that shows me that he was not born here .
Now , I know that everybody says that they ’ve got it , but I ’ve never seen it .
Franks posted this at RedState.com along with a frustrated rant about the media coverage he got .
“ My actual remarks were the exact opposite of that which was blindly repeated by countless main stream news outlets , ” he wrote at the conservative site .
Indeed , the original stories suggested Franks was about to sue , not that he ’d considered suing in the past .
But the fact that Franks was within 72 hours of filing this before the election is more of a shock than he seems to think it is .
At that point , even a frivolous lawsuit , if filed by a member of Congress , could have become a national story .
–
* You can follow TWI on Twitter and Facebook . *
-- Rep. Lloyd Doggett ( D - TX ) , yesterday on the House floor
( and yet he wound up voting for the bill -- see below )
In his comments , the President emphasized that this is a “ jobs bill ” , tying this quite directly to prospects to dig ourselves not just out of the climate hole , but our unemployment hole .
The President ’s statement is a strong one , a powerful discussion of the value of meaningful , strong climate legislation .
And , it will ( should ) be hard for any Democratic member of the House to ignore his call for a yes vote .
This energy bill ’s fine print betrays its laudable purpose .
The real " cap " is on the public interest and the " trade " is the billions from the public to polluters .
It is too weak to greatly spur new technologies and green jobs .
An Administration analysis shows that doing nothing actually results in more new renewable electricity generation capacity than approving this bill .
Vital authority for the EPA is stripped , but 2 billion additional tons of pollution are authorized every year , forever .
Residential consumer protection incredibly is entrusted to the mercy of utility companies .
Exempting a hundred new coal plants and paying billions to Old King Coal leaves him , indeed , a very merry old soul .
This bill is 85 % different from what President Obama proposed months ago .
No wonder his Budget Director called this type of bill " the largest corporate welfare program in history of the United States . "
Until greatly improved , until families share in the billions this bill grants powerful lobbies , I can not support it .
for
Earlier this afternoon , Friends of the Earth , an environmental group that opposes the Democrats ’ soon - to - be- voted - on climate change bill , shot out an email commending Rep. Lloyd Doggett ( D - Texas ) for his shared opposition .
They ’ll want to take that back .
Doggett just took to the House floor to announce that he ’s now supporting the bill .
The reason ?
He was tired , he said , of listening to the members of “ the flat earth society ” across the aisle making “ inane ” arguments .
#
I 've been focusing in recent days on my dread about the alarmingly evolving health care reform situation , and so have n't had a chance to express my parallel dread about the even more dreadful Waxman - Markey American Clean Energy and Security ( ACES ) bill that squeaked through the House last night , with a bunch of unsurprising Democratic defections and , finally , some pleasantly surprising Republican ones .
Howie wrote last night about the politics of it .
I 'm afraid , though , that I do n't derive much satisfaction from this " victory .
"
As best I can tell -- and here naturally I have to depend on the people I trust most when it comes to energy and environmental issues , since I do n't begin to understand the intricacies of them -- the bill is on balance crap .
For all that its proponents keep insisting that , despite the president 's lofty approval ratings and the overwhelming Democratic majorities in both houses of Congress , this is " the best bill we can get now , " and that somehow it 's going to be magically " improved " before final passage , or maybepassage , this strikes me as delusion , perhaps induced by an excess of hope and a shortage of real - world facts to pin that hope on .
Now that the polluters have gotten more than they could have hoped for from an energy bill , why on earth would they give up what they 've won ?
The only question , really , is whether the bill is so bad that we would be better off , from an environmental standpoint , with no bill at all .
At this point , I encourage you to click through to a Get Energy Smart Now blogpost yesterday by my go - to guy on these issues , A Siegel , in which he recorded the announced opposition on the House floor of two stalwartly pro-environmental congressmen , Peter DeFazio ( D - OR ) and Lloyd Doggett ( D - TX ) .
To be sure , Siegel notes :
In fact , in a Thursday post Siegel expressed his admiration for the president 's eloquent speech on behalf of ACESl : But that does n't mean that the ACES bill lives up to the president 's rhetoric .
Let 's go to what Congressman Doggett had to say yesterday .
Here 's a full transcript of the above clip : I know there 's a lot to take in here , but this whole business is so complicated , and so far beyond the realm of most of our experience , and the stakes are so high , that I really urge you to read the congressman 's remarks carefully .
There is , at the very least , a strong case to be made that the net effect of the bill is to codify present pollution levels and reward polluters for continuing to pollute .
As a matter of fact , though , Congressman Doggett , under heavy pressure from the House Dem leadership , wound up voting the bill , as Siegel noted in an update .
Here 's Mike Willis 's Washington Independent report late yesterday afternoon : So there we are , caught between a rock and a hard place .
Do n't be fooled by the predictable all - obstructionist all - the - time right - wing opposition .
This bill is so bad that the polluters must have been popping the champagne last night .
The " Just Say No " Republicans said no mostly because that 's all they do .
As we know by now , they do n't even listen to anything the president says .
They know it 's all vetted by their cadres of oppo researchers to develop tomorrow 's " Just Say No " talking points .
Maybe the only thing to do is close our eyes and make believe , as a number of environmental groups appear to have done .
As A Siegel pointed out in his post yesterday , in announcing their opposition to ACES , Congressmen DeFazio and Doggett were writing off future support from the League of Conservation Voters ( LCV ) , which on Tuesday -- describing ACES as " the most important piece of environmental legislation to ever come before the House of Representatives , " with " the potential to transform America by creating clean energy jobs , improving our national security , and protecting our planet from global warming pollution " -- announced " the unprecedented decision that the organization will not endorse any member of the House of Representatives in the 2010 election cycle who votes against final passage of this bill .
" ( Side note on typical Inside the Beltway weasel - wording : Note that the language specifices voting " against final passage of this bill . "
In other words , in typical congressional fashion , members are apparently free to oppose the bill all they like without incurring the wrath of the LCV , as long as they vote for " final passage . " )
To end on the most optimistic note possible , let 's give the last word to LCV president Gene Karpinski , who wrote in his Tuesday letter to all House members , “ The stakes could not be higher ; a safer , healthier planet and a new energy economy hang in the balance , and it ’s imperative that members of Congress be on the right side of history .
” If that 's not enough , I expect it 's just a matter of time before we hear that Santa Claus and the tooth fairy are endorsing ACES .
Labels : climate , energy bill , League of Conservation Voters , Lloyd Doggett , Peter DeFazio , Waxman - Markey
Hyperspace Star Polytope Slicer ( HyperStar )
HyperStar Applet ( below ) does n't work even though you installed Java ?
Run the HyperStar Web - Start Application instead .
This downloads a jnlp ( Java Web Start ) file that tells Java how to run the HyperStar outside of your browser .
See my Java Web Start notes .
TM
Play with the controls !
Use the " Shell " slider to pick another shell , then move the " Section " slider around .
Click the " New Colors " button .
If you have red - blue 3D glasses , change the " Stereo Mode " to " Anaglyph " and click the " Edges " checkbox .
If you have a ColorCodeViewer ( see below ) , change the " Stereo Mode " to " ColorCode " and click the " Edges " checkbox .
Further instructions are below the applet My Java Notes are here
More Java applets here .
Click either one of the Detach buttons ( they are identical in function ) .
Stretch the controls window horizontally to increase the resolution of the slider controls .
Resize the graphics window as big as will fit .
Play with the controls .
Drag the image with the mouse to manually rotate .
Click the New Colors button to find pleasing color combinations .
If you move the Section slider to the far right , the image will disappear .
The most interesting Section settings are in the right - hand range where the image is starting to disappear .
Blow it up with the Size slider for a closeup view .
The 4 - Animation checkbox animates the Section slider .
Clicking on the Section slider stops the 4 - Animation .
Advice on using the slider controls :
For normal adjustments click in the white area .
For tiny adjustments , click the end buttons .
Free 3D glasses are available from Rainbow Symphony .
Serena and I used this applet to design a quilt entitled " A Piece of Hyperspace " .
A screen shot of the design configuration is here See my Stellations of the Dodecahedron applet to see how a " Star Polyhedron " is generated in 3 dimensions .
In that applet , we see that a dodecahedron is a volume of space that is bounded by 12 planes .
When those planes are extended infinitely , they criss - cross through each other , chopping up space into many " chunks " .
The inner chunks are finite and they are distributed in shells around the core dodecahedron .
The dodecahedron has only one kind of chunk in each shell , but other polyhedra ( like the icosahedron ) can have several different types of chunk in each shell .
The same procedure works in 4 dimensions .
A 4 - dimensional convex polyhedron ( properly called a " polytope " or " polychoron " ) is a volume of 4 - dimensional space that is bounded by a number of hyperplanes .
For example , the 4 - dimensional polytope known as the " 120 - cell " is bounded by 120 hyperplanes .
( A hyperplane is a 3 - dimensional space that slices through the 4 - dimensional space , the same way a 2 - dimensional plane can slice through our 3 - dimensional space . )
The bounding hyperplanes can be extended infinitely so that they criss - cross through each other , chopping up hyperspace into many 4 - dimensional " chunks " .
Again the inner chunks are finite , and they are distributed in shells around the core polytope .
The HyperStar applet displays those finite chunks , one shell at a time .
The inner shells are complete -- each shell completely encases the previous shell .
The outermost shells have holes in them .
The applet 's shell # represents the number of hyperplanes that you have to pass through to reach the interior of the core .
Shell # 0 is the core itself .
The first couple of shells contain only one kind of chunk in each , but most of the higher - numbered shells contain a variety of different chunks .
Any combination of chunks is a stellation of the core object .
The chunks do n't all have to be from the same shell , but presently this applet presents the chunks grouped by shell .
This at least lets you see all surfaces of the chunks .
These 4 - dimensional star polytopes cannot be viewed directly in 3 dimensions .
What we have to do is slice the 4 - dimensional object with a 3 - dimensional hyperplane .
The part that intersects the slicing hyperplane forms a 3 - dimensional star polyhedron , which is displayed by the applet in stereoscopic 3D .
By moving the slicing hyperplane back and forth ( using the " Section " slider ) , we can build up an impression of the whole 4 - dimensional polytope , similar to the way a CAT - scan machine can build up a picture of your 3 - dimensional brain by looking at many 2 - dimensional cross-sections .
As the slicing hyperplane is moved throught the 4 - dimensional polytope , the 3 - dimensional polyhedron continuously changes .
As the slice is moved farther from the 4 - dimensional center , the 3 - dimensional polyhedron gets smaller and smaller .
It vanishes when the slice no longer intersects the 4 - dimensional polytope .
I have some graphics here that provide a 3 - dimensional analogy to this 4 - dimensional slicing .
This control selects the " core " hyperspace object whose hyperplanes are used to produce the stellation .
The applet currently displays stellations of 11 different hyperspace objects :
Hyperplanes Shells Download
Size Core Object Cells Symmetry
Group 120 - Cell 0 - 56 ( complete ) ~ 120 dodecahedra 120 - Cell FC120 - Cell 0 -36 ( of ~358 ) 79 k 720 pentagonal bipyramids 120 - Cell 600 - Cell 0 -35 ( of ~298 ) 55 k 600 tetrahedra 120 - Cell FC600 - Cell 0 - 30 ( of ~598 ) 81 k 1200 triangular bipyramids 120 - Cell 24 - Cell 0 - 8 ( complete ) 2 k 24 octahedra 24 - cell FC24 - Cell 0 - 45 ( complete ) 80 k 96 triangular bipyramids 24 - cell Hypercube 0 ( complete ) 1 k 8 cubes Hypercube CrossPoly 0 - 4 ( complete ) 1 k 16 tetrahedra Hypercube FC - CrossPoly 0 - 12 ( complete ) 4 k 32 triangular bipyramids Hypercube Simplex 0 ( complete ) 1 k 5 tetrahedra Simplex FC - Simplex 0 - 2 ( complete ) 1 k 10 triangular bipyramids Simplex
The 120 - Cell data is bundled with the applet .
The other Hyperplanes sets are downloaded when you select them .
Each Hyperplanes set consists of one or more shells that can be selected with the " Shell " slider control .
The lower - numbered shells are less complex and therefore render faster .
The highest - numbered shells are totally fractured - looking .
The FC objects are formed by drawing lines from the center of the designated polytope to the centers of all of its 2 - dimensional faces , and placing hyperplanes perpendicular to those lines .
( FC is my own abbreviation , meaning " Face Center " . )
The cells of the FC objects are all bipyramids .
A bipyramid is a pair of pyramids stuck together on their bases .
Here is a pentagonal bipyramid :
Why does n't the applet list the FC - Hypercube ?
Because it is the same as the 24 - cell .
The cells of the FC - Hypercube are 24 square bipyramids which happen to be octahedra .
" CrossPoly " ( above in the table and in the applet ) is short for " Cross - Polytope " .
For stellations with 120 - cell symmetry :
3 - Symmetry : 120 - cell Orientation : Icosahedral Cell - First Dihedral - 3 Face - First Dihedral - 5 Edge - First Tetrahedral Vertex - First " Dihedral - 3 " is my abbreviation for the symmetry of a triangular bipyramid .
" Dihedral - 5 " is my abbreviation for the symmetry of a pentagonal bipyramid .
For stellations with 24 - cell symmetry :
3 - Symmetry : 24 - cell Orientation : Octahedral (3 ) Cell - First Dihedral - 3( 2 ) Face - First Dihedral - 3(1 ) Edge - First Octahedral (0 ) Vertex - First
For stellations with Hypercube symmetry :
3 - Symmetry : Hypercube Orientation : Octahedral Vertex - First Dihedral - 3 Edge - First Dihedral - 4 Face - First Tetrahedral Cell - First
For stellations with Simplex symmetry :
3 - Symmetry : Simplex Orientation : Tetrahedral (3 ) Cell - First Dihedral - 3( 2 ) Face - First Dihedral - 3( 1 ) Edge - First Tetrahedral (0 ) Vertex - First
In the Simplex , the Cell - First and Face - First sections for positive " section " values are the same as the Vertex - First and Edge - First sections for negative " section " values .
The " 3 - Symmetry " choice actually controls the orientation of the slicing hyperplane .
By Chunk : ( my favorite )
Each distinct size and shape of 4 - D chunk is assigned a random color .
( Mirror reflections are considered distinct . )
Illumination : a single white light source plus some ambient lighting .
Click the New Colors button for new random colors .
( my favorite ) Each distinct size and shape of 4 - D chunk is assigned a random color .
( Mirror reflections are considered distinct . )
Illumination : a single white light source plus some ambient lighting .
Click the button for new random colors .
By Plane :
The hyperplanes are grouped according to their angle of tilt into the 4th dimension .
Each group of hyperplanes is assigned a random color .
Illumination : a single white light source plus some ambient lighting .
Click the New Colors button for new random colors .
The hyperplanes are grouped according to their angle of tilt into the 4th dimension .
Each group of hyperplanes is assigned a random color .
Illumination : a single white light source plus some ambient lighting .
Click the button for new random colors .
MMA :
The polyhedron is white .
Illumination : 3 light sources , red , green and blue , separated by 45 - degree angles .
No ambient lighting .
The polyhedron is white .
Illumination : 3 light sources , red , green and blue , separated by 45 - degree angles .
No ambient lighting .
Mono :
The polyhedron has a single color .
Illumination : a single white light source plus some ambient lighting .
Click the New Colors button for a new random color .
The polyhedron has a single color .
Illumination : a single white light source plus some ambient lighting .
Click the button for a new random color .
White :
The polyhedron is white .
Illumination : a single white light source plus some ambient lighting .
Size and separation are measured in units of the 4 - dimensional circumdiameter of the shell .
The " Section " value is in fractions of the shell circumradius -- it measures how far the slicing hyperplane is from the 4 - dimensional center .
" Viewpoint " controls the projection , and is the distance from the camera ( or eye ) to the center of the 3D polyhedron , in fractions of the 4 - D shell circumradius .
Thick Edge Lines :
My pure - java renderer draws each face surface with its own edge lines , 1 pixel wide around the perimeter , so wherever you can see two faces joined , the lines are double thickness .
To keep the edge lines from dominating the color scheme , detach and resize the graphics window as large as possible ( though this will cause a degradation in speed ) .
Arbitrary 4 - dimensional Rotation Capability :
I have been asked whether the applet could allow arbitrary 4 - dimensional rotations of the hyperspace object .
The answer is that it could but it does n't ( in the interest of performance ) .
The orientation of the hyperspace object is restricted to 4 special directions ( controlled by the 3 - Symmetry choice ) .
With these special orientations , the cross-section has 3 - dimensional symmetry .
The applet takes advantage of this 3 - symmetry to greatly reduce the amount of calculation and memory usage .
Without this optimization , the applet would run much slower and risk running out of memory .
Version 2.2
( September 18 , 2002 ) New " Roundness " slider control :
Requested by Burkard Polster , who demos the HyperStar applet using a projection monitor .
The " Roundness " applies to stereo viewing .
As you move away from the monitor , the image appears to stretch toward you .
The " roundness " slider allows you to adjust it so that it again appears spherical .
The " roundness " is a measure of the angular separation of the left and right - eye viewpoints .
A roundness of 100 yields a separation of .15 radians ( 8.6 degrees ) .
Negative Section Values :
Prior applet versions showed only positive " section " values .
Sylvia Odhner , a senior at Academy of the New Church ( high school ) , pointed out that this is misleading because the positive sections are not always reflections of the negative ones .
The hypercube sections ( with tetrahedral symmetry ) are a prime example .
The applet did not properly show the transition from positive to negative sections ( since negative sections were not accessible ) .
The applet is now modified to toggle the sign of the " section " value when it passes through zero , so it transitions smoothly between positive and negative sections .
Version 2.3
( February 1 , 2003 ) Added a ColorCode 3 - D TM stereo mode
The ColorCodeViewer TM has an amber filter on the left and a blue filter on the right .
It can produce some very pretty full - color 3 - D Stereo viewing if the image colors happen to be balanced in the right way .
You can get the ColorCodeViewer TM at www.colorcode3d.com ( click ENTER and WebShop ) .
Version 2.4
( November 24 , 2005 ) Reworked some thread - related stuff to improve responsiveness .
This applet was inspired by Russell Towle 's 4D QuickTime Animations
Thanks to Russell Towle and DinoGeorge for correspondence which helped to clarify my thinking .
H.S.M. Coxeter 's book " Regular Polytopes " ( Coxeter01 ) was an essential reference .
The polyhedral algorithms and 3D renderer used in this applet are of my own invention .
August 5 , 2002 the hyperstar applet got SlashDotted
Copyright 2001 - 2005 by Mark Newbold .
All rights reserved .
Email : Mark Newbold
This page URL : http://dogfeathers.com/java/hyperstar.html
Auch der Springer - Manager Peter Würtenberger macht sich Gedanken über neue Einnahmequellen für Verlage .
Zuerst hatte Verleger Hubert Burda Forderung nach einer " angemessenen Beteiligung " der Verlage an den Gewinnen der Suchmaschinen aufgestellt .
Nun findet Würtenberger eine Abgabe ähnlich der Urheberrechtspauschale , die an die Verwertungsgesellschaften für die Privatkopien gezahlt wird , für denkbar .
Springers Chief Marketing Officer schlug eine Lösung vor , der eine " eingepreiste Internetabgabe " beim Kauf eines Computers zugrunde liegt .
" Davon könnten auch journalistische Angebote profitieren " , wird der Springer - Manager , der auf einem Online - Marketing - Kongress sprach , vom Kongressveranstalter Horizont zitiert .
Würtenberger unterstützte in seinem Vortrag die Kritik Burdas am Suchmaschinenbetreiber Google .
Er wies dabei auf Studien hin , die Online - Werbevolumen in Höhe 2 , 5 Milliarden Euro ausweisen , von denen angeblich 1,5 Milliarden Euro an Google gehen .
Demgegenüber sollen an Webseiten mit journalistischen Inhalten nur 200 Millionen Euro entfallen .
Mehr dazu bei Telepolis :
( tpa )
Next month Ireland 's largest ISP will begin an anti-piracy campaign against its own customers .
After caving in entirely to the orders of the music industry , Eircom will first warn alleged copyright infringers , then slow their connection " to a snail 's pace " , all followed up by disconnection from the Internet .
Earlier this year Ireland ’s RIAA , IRMA , and the country ’s largest ISP , Eircom , reached a private agreement to implement 3 strikes for alleged pirates .
Eircom felt this agreement would put it at a competitive disadvantage , so part of the deal would see IRMA go after Ireland ’s other major ISPs too .
IRMA kept that promise by going after two other ISPs – BT Communications Ireland and UPC Communications Ireland .
IRMA said it targeted these ISPs since their customers share the most music .
Unlike the weak Eircom , UPC and BT say they will not go over and above their obligations under the law and have refused to capitulate to the music industry monopoly – IRMA controls 90 % of recorded music in Ireland .
So next month sees Eircom become the anti-piracy partner of IRMA .
It will begin acting on the inspired decision to punish its own customers , based upon allegations of copyright infringement from the music industry .
On an initial allegation , Eircom ’s customers will receive a warning on their bill .
On a second , they will find that their connection has been slowed “ to a snail ’s pace ” and on a third , its Internet blackout time .
All this without the need for a court either – President Sarkozy would give his right arm for this kind of unconstitutional power .
So why exactly did Eircom get into bed with IRMA when the European E- Commerce Directive clearly states that ISPs are not responsible for the data they carry ?
According to some – surprise , surprise – it ’s all about money .
While Eircom could ’ve gone through with its defense in the court case against IRMA , these things take time and can drag on for months or even years .
This is the last thing Eircom needs in its current position .
The ISP is at least $ 5.6 billion in debt , has had five owners in the last 10 years and is currently the subject of yet another takeover bid by Singapore Technologies Telemedia , a unit of Singapore state investor Temasek Holdings .
Problematic outstanding litigation is n’t particularly attractive to prospective buyers , so the decision to settle with IRMA could have been viewed as a sensible one by Eircom , even at the risk of losing some customers .
However , according to Eircom spokesman Paul Bradley , there has been “ no measurable loss ” of customers moving to Ireland ’s other ISPs but of course , Eircom has n’t disconnected anyone yet .
Rest assured when they do , the number moving to other ISPs will be almost identical to the numbers they disconnect .
Giving money to a company that rates your business as secondary to the needs of someone else ’s business , copyright infringement or not , seems like a good situation to avoid .
Sign up with UPC here or BT here and help to finance their battle against the bullies from IRMA .
INEXPLICABLE OBJECTS OF PREVIOUS WEEKS
Week Two : An Air Freshener .
Week Three : A Rant
Week Four : A Flyer
Week Five : Another Ashtray
Week Six : An 8 - Track
Week Seven : Doll Food
Week Eight : A T - Shirt
Week Nine : Colorforms
Week Ten : Cupcake Stick
Week Eleven : Stain Remover
Week Twelve : Beach Gear
Week Thirteen : A Paperweight
Week Fourteen : Mail - In Offer
Week Fifteen : Notebook PC
Week Sixteen : Reagan 's Head in a Box
Week Seventeen : One That Got Away
Week Eighteen : Frontispiece
Week Nineteen : Another One That Got Away
Week Twenty : Cold War Folk Art
Week Twenty One : Record Album
Week Twenty Two : Bathroom Scale
Week Twenty Three : Who Named The Business ?
Week Twenty Four : Using Space For God
Week Twenty Five : Using Space For Frogs
Week Twenty Six : Barbie & Her Friends
Week Twenty Seven : Your Daughter 's Role Model
Week Twenty Eight : Scientists Have Sex Problems , Too !
Week Twenty Nine : Fashion Statement
Week Thirty : Lip Balm
Week Thirty One : Lawn Gnome
Week Thirty Two : Toy Box
Week Thirty Three : Elementary Objects
Week Thirty Four : Road Rodent
Week Thirty Five : 12 Pack of Beer
Week Thirty Six : This Year 's Hot Toy
Week Thirty Seven : Hand Puppet
Week Thirty Eight : Bible - time
Week Thirty Nine : Water Rat
Week Forty : Individually Wrapped Slice of American Cheese
Week Forty One : Metal Plate
Week Forty Two : Kenny Rogers
Week Forty Three : Dimensions For Children
Week Forty Four : Another Saint Somebody
Week Forty Five : Valentine 's Day
Week Forty Six : Board Game
Week Forty Seven : Meat Recipes for the 1960's
Week Forty Eight : Historical Marker
Week Forty Nine : Story Book
Week Fifty : U- Haul
Week Fifty One : Pez
Week Fifty Two : Fridge Magnet Warning
Week Fifty Three : My Favorite T - Shirt
Week Fifty Four : A Dumpster
Week Fifty Five : 1959 Magazine Ad
Week Fifty Six : Do n't Ask Me
Week Fifty Seven : A Billboard
Week Fifty Eight : Who Named The Business ?
Part Two
Week Fifty Nine : My Refrigerator
Week Sixty : A Pot
Week Sixty One : Who Named The Business ?
Part Three
Week Sixty Two : The First Day Of Summer
Week Sixty Three : Space Fighter
Week Sixty Four : Moist Towelette
Week Sixty Five : Oatmeal Cookie
Week Sixty Six : Who Named The Business ?
Part Four
Week Sixty Seven : Christmas in July
Week Sixty Eight : Movie Schedule This Week
Week Sixty Nine : Nice Place For a Picnic
Week Seventy : A Toy
Week Seventy One : Yet Another One That Got Away
Week Seventy Two : Inspirational Card
Week Seventy Three : " STORY " CARD : ACCIDENT SCENE - THE INJURED PAPER BOY Peabody Language Development Kits ( Level 1 )
Week Seventy Four : " STORY " CARD : SPACE SCENE - THE STRUGGLE OF THE MARTIAN AND EARTHMAN Peabody Language Development Kits ( Level 1 )
Week Seventy Five : Inexplicable Object Investigative Report
Week Seventy Six : Who Named The Business ?
Part Five
Week Seventy Seven : The Ground Meat Cookbook
Week Seventy Eight : the Children 's Hero !
Week Seventy Nine : My Week Off
Week Eighty : FASTER , JONNY KATZ !
KILL !
KILL !
Week Eighty One : The Miracle Of the Windshield Wiper
Week Eighty Two :
One - Stop Shopping
Week Eighty Three : The Favourite Delicious
Week Eighty Four : A Furniture Store
Week Eighty Five : Who Named The Business ?
Part Six
Week Eighty Six : A Coffee Mug
Week Eighty Seven : Who Chose The Corporate Mascot ?
Week Eighty Eight : Christmas in December
Week Eighty Nine : Where Are They Now ?
Week Ninety : I Need A Twelve - Step Program
Week Ninety One : Where Are They Now ?
Part Two
Week Ninety Two : A Ball - Point Pen
Week Ninety Three : Guardian Angels Watch Over Me And My Toilet Paper
Week Ninety Four : Volkstümliche Starparade
Week Ninety Five:til TV - bal pa Kroen
Week Ninety Six : Turkish Belly Dance
Week Ninety Seven : Reward Stickers
Week Ninety Eight : Bird Clock : The Revenge
Week Ninety Nine : O.P.P .
Week One Hundred
Week One Hundred One : Vacation Hot Spot
Week One Hundred Two :
An Open Letter to America
Week One Hundred Three : 100 % Canadian Content
Week One Hundred Four : Couch Potatoes
Week One Hundred Five : Signs
Week One Hundred Six : Who Chose The Corporate Mascot ?
Parts Two and Three
Week One Hundred Seven : Leave It To Beaver
Week One Hundred Eight : TOAST PARTY !!
Week One Hundred Nine : A Free Hat
Week One Hundred Ten : Who Named The Business ?
Part Eight
Week One Hundred Eleven :
How to live with children
Week One Hundred Twelve : SIMILAR TO ITEMS SEEN ON TV
Week One Hundred Thirteen : Chez Isidore
Week One Hundred Fourteen : Another 8 - Track
Week One Hundred Fifteen : A Junkyard
Week One Hundred Sixteen : BAD PEDS !
Week One Hundred Seventeen : Do n't Ask Me , Part Two
Week One Hundred Eighteen : A Potholder
Week One Hundred Nineteen : Tod Holton , Super Green Beret
Week One Hundred Twenty : Bad Kitty !
Week One Hundred Twenty One : Another Billboard
Week One Hundred Twenty Two : Who Chose The Corporate Mascot ?
Parts 4 and 5
Week One Hundred Twenty Three : Not Affiliated With Any Motion Picture
Week One Hundred Twenty Four : Who Chose The Corporate Mascot ?
Parts 6 and 7
Week One Hundred Twenty Five : A Belt Buckle
Week One Hundred Twenty Six : Children 's Records
Week One Hundred Twenty Seven : The Junk Drawer , Part One
Week One Hundred Twenty Eight : Cheap Beer
Week One Hundred Twenty Nine : It 's Not Just For Breakfast Anymore
Week One Hundred Thirty : Who Named The Corporate Mascot ?
Part whatever
Week One Hundred Thirty One: KILLER JOKES
Week One Hundred Thirty Two : AGAIN with the Corporate Mascots ?!
Week One Hundred Thirty Three : Name The Target Demographic
Week One Hundred Thirty Four : Who Named the Business ?
Part 9
Week One Hundred Thirty Five : Another Week Off
Week One Hundred Thirty Six : Another Week Off ?!
Week One Hundred Thirty Seven : Permanent Vacation
Week One Hundred Thirty Eight : Vaguely Quadrupedal Lifeform Cookies
Week One Hundred Thirty Nine : Talk About Pop Muzik
Week One Hundred Forty :
And the stinking will Full the air
Week One Hundred Forty One : The Day After Christmas
Week One Hundred Forty Two : Cups
Week One Hundred Forty Three :
It Had To Happen
Week One Hundred Forty Four : This Also Had To Happen
Week One Hundred Forty Five : Dinner 's Ready !
Week One Hundred Forty Six : Beautiful Downtown Inexplicaville
Week One Hundred Forty Seven:CHA-CHA-CHA
Week One Hundred Forty Eight : Cream of SPAM
Week One Hundred Forty Nine : BAD MONKEY !
Week One Hundred Fifty : Mmmmm ...
IncrEdibles
Week One Hundred Fifty One:0 pen Road
Week One Hundred Fifty Two :
Old Man in a Hat with a Wonder Gourd
Week One Hundred Fifty Three : Lung Gong
Week One Hundred Fifty Four : A Personal Ad
Week One Hundred Fifty Five : Everything 's Collectible
Week One Hundred Fifty Six : Psycho Ceramics
Week One Hundred Fifty Seven : More Signs
Week One Hundred Fifty Eight : The HALL of HORRIBLE HEADS >
Week One Hundred Fifty Nine : UGLY MUGS
Week One Hundred Sixty : HEAD-TO -HEAD COMBAT
Week One Hundred Sixty One : A 1956 copy of Newsweek magazine
Week One Hundred Sixty Two : Postcards From The Edge
thoughtviper.com
©1998-2001 Bill Young
Win Eternal Life
Swiss Cheese Scarf
I 've had a few inquiries in regards to the Swiss Cheese Scarf over the last few weeks and figured maybe others in blogland may be interested in making one for themselves .
This is mindless knitting to the nth degree , but the results are beautiful ( if I may say so ) and a staple to anyone 's wardrobe .
The general idea is simple : Knit a few rows , bind of a few stitches , cast on the sts that you bound off the previous row , and knit some more .
Rinse and Repeat .
Pattern : Swiss Cheese Scarf , my own .
Materials : Sz 3 needles , about 800 - 1000 yds of laceweight yarn
Gauge : not important , but my scarf is about 10 - 12 " wide after blocking .
Recipe as follows :
CO 110 sts
Rows 1 - 6 : Knit
Row 7 : K5 ( BO10 , K8 ) 5 times , BO 10 , K5
Row 8 : K5 ( CO10 , K8 ) 5 times , CO 10 , K5
Rows 9 - 14 : Knit
Row 15 : BO6 , K8 , ( BO10 , K8 ) 5 times , K6
Row 16 : BO6 , K8 , ( CO10 , K8 ) 5 times , CO6
Row 17 : Knit to end , CO6
Repeat Rows 2 - 17 until desired length , then BO all sts .
All rights reserved by me .
Please use this pattern for your own enjoyment ONLY .
Not for resale or distribution unless authorized by me .
I wanted an airy feel to this scarf , and just happened to have a bunch of laceweight yarn sitting in my stash .
The same idea can be applied to any weight yarn , but you 'd have to cast on fewer number of sts and play with the CO / BO number .
Edit : I 've received a number of emails due to the holes not lining up properly .
Apologies for those who have experienced frustration with this pattern , and special thanks to my readers for spotting the error .
Thanks !
Enjoy !
Labels : FO , Pattern , Swiss Cheese
Here 's a quick and easy solution to that extremely annoying buzzing sound as a result of having your cell p...
Here 's a quick and easy solution to that extremely annoying buzzing sound as a result of having your cell phone anywhere near your speakers .
You know that ... " buzzz buzzz buzzzzzzzzzzzz " that happens every time you get a phone call , text message , or just at some random times .
Makes you want to throw your phone !
This is known to happen to users of Cingular / AT&T and even Bell South / Rogers with phones like the Razr , Tilt , iPhone , samsung blackjack , blackberry , treo , nokia , motorola phones , anything with an internal antenna .
Even a greater occurrence is found on the east coast where the 850 Mhz band is used frequently .
Currently , there is no way to change the band that your phone uses from the phone itself .
This does n't cause any problems with the quality of the reception from our tests .
We were able to make and receive phones calls and had no buzzing from any of the surrounding speakers !
Let us know if you find a better way or discover something as a result of this video .
Jack Shaw of Jersey City , one of the 44 people arrested in Thursday 's massive New Jersey corruption scandal , was found dead in his apartment this evening , Hudson County Prosecutor Edward DeFazio has confirmed .
A relative found the 61 - year - old political consultant 's body , De Fazio said .
Police were called at 5:17 p.m. and Shaw was officially declared dead at 6 p.m .
Homicide investigators as well as the regular police contingent responded , DeFazio said , noting that no weapon was found .
An autopsy will determine the cause of death , he said .
In the criminal complaint against Shaw , he is accused of taking $ 10,000 from the government informant for himself and an additional $ 10,000 in campaign contribution for an unnamed Jersey City official .
The longtime consultant had been a keen observer of the rough - and - tumble world of Hudson County politics for decades .
The human eye lens consists of a highly concentrated mix of several proteins .
Protective proteins prevent these proteins from aggregating and clumping .
If this protective function fails , the lens blurs and the patient develops cataracts .
Two research groups at the Department of Chemistry of the Technische Universitaet Muenchen ( TUM ) have succeeded in explaining the molecular architecture of this kind of protective protein .
Their findings , which are published online in the current early edition of PNAS ( Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ) , shed new light on the work of these proteins and may be able to help in the development of new treatments .
Cells have a variety of protein complexes that manage vital tasks .
The functions of these " molecular machines " depend largely on their three - dimensional structure .
In the first instance , proteins are long chains of amino acids , like a long piece of woolen thread .
So - called chaperones help them to fold in the desired three - dimensional form after their production .
If this folding process fails , the protein thread becomes an inextricable , useless tangle .
Small heat shock proteins ( sHsps ) are a particularly important group of chaperones .
They prevent the clumping of proteins under stress conditions .
αB- crystallin and the related sHsp αA - crystallin are the main representatives of the sHsps found in humans .
Whereas αA - crystallin mainly occurs in the eye lens , αB - crystallin is also very common in the brain and in the heart and muscle tissue .
In the eye lens , they counteract diseases like cataracts .
Malfunctions of the αB - crystallin in tissue cells can give rise to cancer and neurological defects , including Alzheimer 's disease .
This is a three - dimensional reconstruction of αB crystallin by electron microscopy reveals a sphere - like structure with large openings to the interior of the protein .
In the human eye , this molecular machine serves as a " chaperone " to guide protein folding and prevent aggregation such as that responsible for cataracts .
Better understanding of this 3 - D structure could serve as the basis for comparing healthy and disease - promoting mutants and , based on this , for clarifying the way they function .
The scientists hope that this will lead to the discovery of new treatments .
( Photo Credit : Dept. of Chemistry , Technische Universitaet Muenchen ( TUM ) )
Many research groups have focused their work on the α-crystallins due to their medical relevance .
Despite intensive efforts , up to now , none of them have managed to determine the molecular architecture of these proteins .
However , TUM biochemists have now succeeded in producing αA - crystallins and αB - crystallins recombinantly in bacteria and in obtaining uniform , clearly - structured complexes .
A detailed structural analysis of these proteins was carried out in cooperation with the Chemistry Department 's Center of Electron Microscopy .
The research groups were able to show for the first time here that , contrary to previous suppositions , αB - crystallin forms a defined globular structure comprising 24 subunits , which are reminiscent of a perforated soccer ball .
Thanks to the identification of the three - dimensional structure of αB - crystallin , which is currently being further refined , the basis has now been established for comparing healthy and disease - promoting mutants and , based on this , for clarifying the way they function .
The scientists hope that this will lead to the discovery of new treatments .
Source : Technische Universitaet Muenchen
Former Senator Rick Santorum may have told his ex-colleague John Ensign the Hamptons were going public with the affair .
Did Santorum tip off Ensign ?
Doug Hampton , husband of Cindy Hampton , Sen. John Ensign ’s ( R - Nev. ) mistress , claims that former GOP Sen .
Rick Santorum ( Pa. ) may have tipped off his ex-colleague that the Hamptons were going public with the story over the adulterous relationship .
In an interview with Jon Ralston , a Las Vegas Sun columnist , Doug Hampton suggested that Santorum told Ensign that the Hamptons were going to reveal the affair and then Ensign held his own Las Vegas press conference in a bid to control the political damage from the revelation .
Advertisement
“ One of the correspondents that is part of Fox News is Rick Santorum , ” Hampton told Ralston in an interview .
“ I sent a note to Rick .
I begged Rick to call me , to talk to me before , and he did n’t .
Obviously , in my opinion , I could be wrong , but that would be what I supposed happen .
And if I ’m wrong , Rick , forgive , but it appears to me how it happened . ”
Hampton pointed to the fact that Ensign was in Washington on June 15 , but then traveled back to Nevada the next day to hold his press conference , as evidence that someone had told Ensign about a letter that Doug Hampton had written to Fox News on June 11 , offering information on the affair between the senator and his wife .
Doug Hampton did not say when he had written to Santorum , or whether he had actually spoken to the former senator .
Santorum , a conservative Republican , served in Congress for 16 years , including 12 in the Senate , until he was defeated in 2006 by Democrat Bob Casey .
There has been speculation for weeks on whether Ensign had been informed from someone inside the network about Doug Hampton ’s letter to Fox , including whether Santorum had some role in the incident .
Santorum could not be reached for comment when the Ensign sex scandal first broke in mid-June , and a Santorum spokeswoman said on Thursday night that he would not be available for comment .
Warner Bros. has made a $ 33 million bid for the bankrupt Midway Games in a " stalking horse " asset purchase agreement that would includeand Midway 's Chicago and Seattle studios .
The amount of the bid is over the target sale amount of $ 30 million that Midway expressed earlier this year Not included in Warner 's bid are Midway 's San Diego studio and the TNA franchise .
The publisher 's Newcastle studio , developer of the recently - releasedis also not part of the Warner bid .
However , Midway corporate communications head Geoffrey Mogilner told Gamasutra in a phone interview that theIP would be included in the Warner deal if it 's approved .
Mogilner said it was Warner 's decision not to include those particular assets in its bid .
The addition of Midway would be a major step for Warner 's growing video game business .
In recent years , Warner Bros .
Interactive Entertainment has acquired Monolith Productions , Snowblind Studios and TT Games .
Warner 's move to buy Midway is still subject to court approval .
In the meantime , Midway said there will be a court - supervised auction process that will allow other qualified buyers to make bids on the company , in order to maximize Midway 's sale value .
Buyers would have to acquire Midway assets within 30 days of court approval .
In Midway bankruptcy filings obtained by Gamasutra , Midway and Warner agreed that if , as a result of the auction , " all or substantially all " of the assets that Warner is currently bidding on went to another party , Warner will be entitled to receive a break - up fee in the amount of $ 1 million from Midway .
In addition , Warner may also be entitled to receive the break - up fee if it calls off the deal due to it not closing by the termination date of July 15 , 2009 .
Warner would also be entitled to up to $ 100,000 in reimbursement fees for out - of - pocket expenses .
Mogilner said that at this point in time , he 's not sure what the likelihood is that Warner 's bid will go through .
" This is the initial bid .
We 're meeting with courts right now to set up a date to have a hearing on this particular bid . "
Court dates regarding the bid are slated for the weeks to ahead .
In a " stalking horse " bid , the seller , Midway , chooses a buyer from a pool of interested parties , which allows a bankrupt company to prevent selling off assets for too low of a price .
After the prospective buyer and seller make that initial asset purchase agreement , other bidders may enter the fray .
Mogilner said that there are other undisclosed " interested parties " with which Midway has been speaking , although their immediate plans are unknown .
Ultimately , Midway 's goal is " to maximize the value of the company and the company 's assets , " according to Mogilner .
However , the corporate communications head said that the bankrupt company is n't necessarily looking to keep all of Midway 's assets together when selling the firm , or splitting them up .
" We 're certainly going to look to maximize that value [ in any case ] " , Mogilner indicated .
: Gamasutra speaks to Midway ; details from bankruptcy documents added . ]
Wij gebruiken cookies op onze website om u een betere service aan te bieden en om u in het kader van legale acties te contacteren .
Indien gewenst , blijft u de website gebruiken zoals u gewoon bent , of wijzig hier hoe uw cookie - instellingen .
Aanvaard alle cookies of stel uw voorkeuren in door te klikken op de betreffende knop .
The Many Poses of Vice President Joe Biden
By Marcus Gilmer in Miscellaneous on Jul 31 , 2009 8:20 PM
Vice President Joe Biden , fresh off of helping solve racism at yesterday 's " beer summit , " addressed the 2009 National Urban League Conference here in Chicago earlier today .
AP photographer John Smierciak caught some pretty poses from Biden and we thought we'd have a little Friday fun with them , a la our similar fun with Rahm Emanuel from last fall .
( In all seriousness , check out the Sun - Times recap of Biden 's speech . )
Got some captions of your own ?
Share them in the comments !
About 30 % of our new hires walk into the kitchen knowing exactly what this is .
One of our investors took a trip to Amsterdam , well , just because .
And he met these guys , Storz und Bickel , who happened to engineer the world 's best " herbal " vaporizer , the Volcano .
And while testing it out , he thought that it was the perfect solution to Grant 's problem of finding a way to deliver the aroma of coffee or lavender to the guest , flavoring the dish through olfactory alone .
Advertisement
He was right — it is perfect for creating the aromas of herbs without also creating the burnt , acrid smell that would occur if you simply lit them on fire .
It also made capturing the scents incredibly easy .
Alinea has four or five Volcanos now , and uses them almost every day .
That is actually how Alinea helped Storz und Bickel prove a legitimate use for the vaporizer , for importation into the US .
See , we really do use it for the herbs that are listed on their website .
What do you use it for ?
You 're welcome .
Advertisement
Pillow full of lavender vapor , providing aroma for a plate of elaborately prepared English peas :
Nick Kokonas co-founded Alinea with Grant Achatz in 2005 , and works with the chef on Alinea - related projects , recruiting innovators to challenge and improve every aspect of the cooking and eating experience .
A finance guy and web - oriented angel investor by trade , Kokonas got his start back in his teen years writing business software on an Apple II .
You can grab the gorgeous Alinea cookbook here , or just visit Alinea 's home page .
G/O Media may get a commission $ 41 Alinea From amazon 7 purchased by readers Buy now
Advertisement
Taste
Test is our weeklong tribute to the leaps that occur when technology meets cuisine , spanning everything from the historic breakthroughs that made food tastier and safer to the Earl - Grey - friendly replicators we impatiently await in the future .
The following is an article from Uncle John 's Triumphant 20th Anniversary Bathroom Reader
Who says that comic books do n't contribute much to literature ?
Here 's a few choice phrases , which origin can be traced back to comic strips : Security Blanket Pioneering child psychologist Richard Passman is given credit for identifying the phenomenon of children habitually clutching or carrying a favorite toy for comfort and security .
Charles Schulz first used the concept in June 1 , 1954 , Peanuts comic strip by giving Linus a blanket to carry everywhere he went .
Linus called it his " security blanket . "
The term is now used by psychologists to define a child 's ( or anyone 's ) excessive attachment to a particular object .
( Photo : Time Magazine 1965 cover ) " We Have Met The Enemy And He Is Us " Pogo Earth Day Poster by Walt Kelly ( image via Wikipedia )
After winning the Battle of Lake Erie in the War of 1812 , Commodore Oliver Perry wrote in a dispatch to General William Henry Harrison , " We have met the enemy , and he is ours . "
Walt Kelly , author of the comic strip Pogo , reworded the phrase as " We have met the enemy and he is us , " in the foreword to his 1953 Pogo collection The Pogo Papers .
The meaning : Mankind 's greatest threat is ... mankind .
The quote became better known when Kelly used it on a poster he was hired to illustrate for the first Earth Day in 1970 .
The Heebie - Jeebies Billy DeBeck coined the term in his hugely popular 1920s comic strip , Barney Google and Snuffy Smith , about a community of backwoods hillbillies and moonshiners .
It first appeared in a 1923 strip where Barney tells someone to " get that stupid look offa your pan .
You gimme the heeby jeebys ! "
It meant " a feeling of discomfort . "
Other phrases coined by DeBeck : " horsefeathers , " " hotsie - totsie , " and " googly - eyed " ( after Barney Google , who had huge , bulbous eyes ) .
The strip also gave us the nickname " Sparky , " from the name of Barney 's horse , Sparkplug .
( Many young comic - strip fans were given the name " Sparky , " among them , Peanuts creator Charles Schulz . )
Palooka Joe Palooka by Ham Fisher - via Wikipedia
It came from the main character of the 1920s strip Joe Palooka .
Joe Palooka was a boxer - likeable but dumb , a trait that probably came from repeated blows to his head in the ring .
Soon after the strip 's debut , any big , dumb guy might be called a palooka .
Milquetoast " Milk toast " was a simple dish ( toast served in milk ) frequently served at soup kitchens in the 1920s .
Harold Webster named the main character in his late 1920s strip , The Timid Soul , Caspar Milquetoast .
Thanks to the comic strip , by the 1930s the word " milquetoast " had become common slang to describe anybody who , like Milquetoast , was weak and timid .
Sadie Hawkins Day The First Sadie Hawkins Day , by Al Capp
It 's from Al Capp's L'il Abner .
One day a year in the comic strip 's rural setting of Dogpatch , single women would chase the single men around .
If they caught one , they got to keep - er , marry him .
The day got its name from Sadie Hawkins , the first woman in Dogpatch who caught a husband that way .
High schools in the United States still hold " Sadie Hawkins Dances , " to which the girls invite the boys .
Foo Fighter ( photo : Gasoline Alley Antiques - lots of neat vintage books there ! )
In Bill Holman 's 1930s strip Smokey Stover , the title character rode around in a bizarre - looking two - wheeled fire engine ( with a fire hydrant attached to it ) that Smokey called a " foo fighter . "
The term was used by World War II pilots for any unidentified aircraft ( including UFOs ) .
The phrase became popular again in the 1990s when it was used as the name of the rock band Foo Fighters .
Police given powers to enter homes and tear down anti-Olympics posters during 2012 Games
Police have been given new powers to stop protesters during the London 2012 Olympics
Police have been handed ' Chinese - style ' powers to enter private homes and seize political posters during the London 2012 Olympics .
Little - noticed measures passed by the Government will allow officers and Olympics officials to enter homes and shops near official venues to confiscate any protest material .
Breaking the rules could land offenders with a fine of up to £ 20,000 .
Civil liberties groups compared the powers to those used by the Communist Chinese government to stop political protest during the 2008 Beijing Games .
Anita Coles , of Liberty , said : ' Powers of entry should be for fighting crime , not policing poster displays .
Did n't we learn last time that the Olympics should not be about stifling free expression ?'
The powers were introduced by the Olympics Act of 2006 , passed by the Department for Culture , Media and Sport , supposedly to preserve the monopoly of official advertisers on the London 2012 site .
They would allow advertising posters or hoardings placed in shop or home to be removed .
But the law has been drawn so widely that it also includes ' non- commercial material ' - which could extend its reach to include legitimate campaign literature .
Shadow Home Secretary Chris Grayling said : ' This is a Government who just does n't understand civil liberties .
They may claim these powers wo n't be used but the frank truth is no one will believe them . '
Liberal Democrat spokesman Chris Huhne said : ' This sort of police action runs the risk of using a sledgehammer to crack a nut .
' We should aim to show the Chinese that you can run a successful Olympics without cracking down on protestors and free speech . '
Scotland Yard denied it had any plans to use the powers .
Assistant Commissioner Chris Allison said : ' We have no intention of using our powers to go in and take down demonstration posters . '
But critics said that - given the powers were now law - it was impossible to predict what would happen in three years time .
Campaigners said the existence of the powers was ' dreadful ' .
Peter McNeil , who is against the holding of equestrian events in Greenwich Park said : ' It 's bullying taken to another level .
It 's quite appalling that this should happen in a democracy . '
The power emerged as the Home Office and police outlined the £ 600 million security operation for the Games , which will cost more than £ 9 billion in total .
They said hundreds of flights could have to be diverted every day , with planes prevented from passing over the main venue for the London games .
Olympic security chiefs said they expected to have to ' manage ' the airspace over the Olympic Park in east London .
A senior Home Office official said : ' We do expect there will have to be some management of the airspace .
We do not expect that any airports will have to close . '
The officials said they had no evidence of a specific terror threat against the Games at the moment .
But current preparations assume the terror threat level will be at ' severe ' during the event , despite it being reduced to ' substantial ' for the UK earlier this week .
It is the lowest threat level nationwide since before the July 7 attacks in 2005 .
A DCMS spokesman said : ' The advertising provisions in the London Olympic Games and Paralympic Games Act 2006 are there to prevent ambush marketing and the over - commercialisation of the Games , not to prevent or restrict lawful protests .
' The measures will only apply to areas within a few hundred metres of the London 2012 venues .
The Government is currently developing detailed regulations for advertising during the Games which will enable these powers to come into effect .
The Government will be consulting on the regulations in 2010 . '
Being a long time fan of the StarWars space simulation games X - Wing and Tie Fighter I thought this was the time to do my first post not exclusively related to space strategy games but about another acclaimed space gaming genre : the space simulation games .
As I explain in my about page I plan to post occasionally about other space gaming genres or other non-space strategy games when I find it of interest to the space gaming community .
Yesterday I stumbled in a possible rumor , or rather teaser announcement by LucasArts , in G4 TV , that the X - Wing and Tie Fighter series could come back in the near future .
Patrick Klepek from G4TV reports the following , as part of an interview he did with the LucasArts president Darrel Rodriguez about plans ahead :
LucasArts Tie Fighter
« Patrick : I asked Rodriguez for thoughts on a return of the company ’s lauded X - Wing and Tie Fighter flight sim series .
His answer ?
“ We do n’t have any announcements now , but stay tuned , (…) We will soon ….. said Rodriguez “ »
I really hope they make ( or - remake ) new StarWars flight simulators .
I may have broken one or two mice playing these games :) .
I do n’t remember why but I never managed to use the joystick , it did n’t felt right … maybe something to do with less shooting precision ( or more likely I just had a crappy joystick ) .
X - Wing and Tie Fighter had the atmosphere , the gameplay , the story and solid missions .
Happy days .
Subscribe RSS
Related Articles :
Taxes on travel are soaring as states and cities target the wallets of tourists and business travelers for new revenue .
Hotel taxes , car rental fees and other charges were jacked up in many states in an effort to balance budgets by last week , when the fiscal year started in 46 states .
Popular tourist destinations were hit especially hard .
Among places where taxes rose : • Hawaii .
The hotel room tax increased from 7.25 % to 8.25 % on Wednesday and will rise to 9.25 % in July 2010 .
• Nevada .
The room tax will increase up to 3 percentage points , to a maximum of 12 % .
In Las Vegas , the hotel tax jumps from 9 % to 12 % .
Reno 's tax was already 12 % and is not scheduled to change .
• New Hampshire .
The tax on rooms and restaurant meals rose from 8 % to 9 % and was extended to include recreational vehicles at campgrounds .
• Massachusetts .
Cities were given authority to raise the hotel tax from 4 % to 6 % , in addition to the state tax of 5.7 % .
Taxes on eating out will rise from 5 % to 6.25 % statewide , plus another 0.75 % if cities choose .
• New York City .
The city , which raised its hotel tax March 1 to 14.25 % , not counting other fees , will start charging more for Internet reservations .
" You could n't pick a worse time to make it more expensive to rent a hotel room , " says Mark Woodworth , executive vice president of PKF Hospitality Research in Atlanta .
Hotel occupancy this year will be at its lowest level — 55.5 % — since his company started keeping track in 1936 , Woodworth says .
Legislators say tax hikes were needed .
New Hampshire , which does n't have a sales or income tax , made painful spending cuts in addition to hiking taxes and fees , says New Hampshire state Rep. Marjorie Smith , a Democrat .
" We did n't have an enormous number of options , and that was one , " she says .
Room taxes generated $ 14 billion in 2008 , the American Hotel & Lodging Association reports .
That amount is expected to fall in 2009 , even with higher tax rates .
Car rental fees are rising , too .
A new 5 % tax at the Newark airport will fund economic development .
Wisconsin approved hiking the car rental fee in Milwaukee from $ 2 to $ 18 to subsidize mass transit .
Adding an $ 18 fee to a car rental is outrageous , says Caleb Miller of the National Business Travel Association .
" In what other context can you charge a 50 % tax rate and get away with it ? " he says .
He says businesses are very sensitive to travel costs in this recession and higher taxes hurt local businesses , not just visitors from out of town .
" It 's not the whole story to think , ' We tax someone from out of town .
What 's the big deal ? ' "
Most travel tax hikes ran into light opposition this year .
The Nevada Hotel and Lodging Association did n't oppose the state 's hotel tax hike aimed at generating $ 100 million a year .
" We support education , " says Van Heffner , the association 's president .
" What could we do ?
We stayed neutral . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more TOP TRAVEL STORIES
Most read Most e-mailed TOP TRAVEL STORIES
Most read Most e-mailed
Highly social leaf - eating monkeys , Silvery Langurs are native to Southeast Asia .
Like some other types of langurs , baby silvery langurs are born with bright orange fur .
This is mother Patty 's first baby but the third for the Columbus Zoo , the other two born to " Gumby . "
Newest Langur baby :
Sex : Male
DOB : 6 July 2009
Sire : Digby ( 5 years old )
Dam : Patty ( 8.5 years old )
Other information
This is Patty 's first offspring at Columbus and Digby 's third offspring at Columbus ( the other two are with Gumby ) .
The baby is the third langur that to be at Columbus ; the first was born on 07/07/07 and the other was born on 8/8/08 .
Silvery langurs are native to Southeast Asia .
They typically live in large social groups of 10 - 18 individuals .
The babies are born with flame - orange fur , which will turn to the silvery - grey of the adults within three to five months .
The baby and mother typically share a tight bond , but other females within the troop will often assist with babysitting and care of the infant .
Silvery langurs are leaf - eating monkeys ( as their name suggests ) and spend much of their time arboreal , eating young leaves , shoots , and fruit .
Silvered leaf monkeys are tagged as " Near Threatened " by the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species .
However , due continuing and extensive habitat loss , the species is believed to be in decline .
US Snooping Rights in Europe Criticism Grows over Banking Data Deal
The EU is about to enter talks with the US on giving it access to banking data in its fight against terrorism .
German politicians from across the political spectrum are up in arms , and members of the European Parliament say they will try to scupper any deal that violates data privacy .
The true global cost of adapting to climate change is likely to be many times greater than official United Nations ' estimates : in 2030 alone , the world could be spending more than three times the annual budget of the NHS , a study has found .
A team of British experts has discovered that the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) has seriously underestimated the expected annual cost of dealing with climate impacts .
It suggests that the true cost could be at least two or three - fold greater , and possibly much more if other hidden factors are taken into account .
Estimates of how much the world will have to spend annually on adapting to some of the worst impacts of climate change have varied widely , but the UNFCCC has suggested that typically it could be about $ 70bn or $ 100 bn ( £ 44bn and £ 63 bn ) by 2030 , the cost of about three Beijing Olympics .
But other scientists have now suggested that the true annual cost could easily reach $ 300 bn or more .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" Just looking in depth at the sectors the UNFCCC did study , we estimate adaptation costs to be two to three times higher , and when you include sectors the UNFCCC left out , the true cost is probably much greater , " said Professor Martin Parry , the lead author of the report , Assessing the Cost of Adaptation to Climate Change .
" The amount of money on the table at Copenhagen is one of the key factors that will determine whether we achieve a climate - change agreement .
But previous estimates of adaptation costs have substantially misjudged the scale of funds needed , " added the professor , a visiting fellow at the Grantham Institute at Imperial College London .
Adaptations to climate change include the additional spending needed to improve measures such as building new flood defences and transporting water for agriculture , treating an increase in the range and severity of diseases , and replacing buildings and other infrastructure affected by rising temperatures or water levels .
The UNFCCC had commissioned a series of studies to address the estimated costs of several adaptation measures but it was under pressure to produce results in a short time period and the studies were not fully reviewed by outside experts , Professor Parry said .
" Many of the previous estimates , it would be fair to say , were based on back - of - the - envelope calculations .
In fact , one person said they were written on the back of a metro ticket .
We think these numbers are underestimates ... they do n't stack up , " Professor Parry said .
The authors of the report said that the costs of adapting to climate change begin to soar aftere other sectors of the economy not dealt with by the UNFCCC are taken into consideration .
They includes tourism , energy and manufacturing .
The sectors the UNFCCC did deal with were treated in only a partial manner , the report says .
One of the biggest underestimates is the additional cost of building new homes , offices , roads and other infrastructure affected by climate change .
This cost alone could be many times higher than previous estimates .
Although I had registered this blog some time ago , only now am I posting something in it .
I ’ve simply not had the time , I had opened my own business for more money and freedom and have failed to realise either of those goals yet .
To opening the batting , I want to talk a little bit about the Gender Pay gap which supposedly occurs in western nations whereby men earn , on average , anywhere from 5 - 25 % more than women for the “ same job ” .
This post will not be thorough but I assure you – my yet to exist readers – that there will be more to come on this issue ( so view this as a part of a series ) .
It is the common mantra of feminists that women are subject to gender discrimination in the form of the pay gap .
They claim men keep women down and men are still ‘ patriarchal oppressors ’ who favour other men in terms of career and financial advancement in the work place .
It is this and this fact alone that explains the “ pay gap ” .
But
If this were true then , why hire men who will cost your firm so much more in wage costs ?
( Wages and salaries being the most significant expense item for nearly all entities ) .
Dr. Warren Farrell has asked the same question and he states that it is simply not economically rational to do so , as hiring women over men is an instant 5 - 25 % saving in salaries and wages expenses .
To explain why it is not economically rational to hire men over women , here is a Supply and Demand model of the theoretical market for male and female labour .
Lets say for the sake of argument that firms needed an output ( Qty ) of 12,000 units .
To hire men to produce output 12,000 it would cost $ 1.20 ( 1.2 * 12,000 ) = $ 14,400 .
To hire women to produce the same output it would only cost $ 10,200 .
( At $ 10,200 men would only produce 9,900 units – 2,100 units less than needed ) .
The total cost of women at $ 10,200 represents a 41 % saving by hiring only women to make the fixed output of 12,000 units .
Women will make the same amount of goods / services but for much less – why the hell would you hire men ?
It ’s like going to a restaurant and having the waiter say “ would you like to pay $ 50 or $ 70 for the main you ordered ? ” you simply would n’t say “ put me down for paying the highest price possible please . ”
So the argument of male favouritism holds no weight because in a market economy , not producing at the lowest - cost method is said to be “ productively inefficient ” in that you ’re not using your resources in the correct mix .
Any one of the many firms out there can simply hire more women and price the “ patriarchal chauvinist pigs ” who hire expensive men and give each other big raises out of the market .
Yet this has not happened , simply because in real terms men do not make more than women for the same work .
If they did these “ man-friendly expensive firms ” would close - up as “ women - friendly cheap firms ” would be able to sell the same product to consumers for one quarter of the price .
In a market economy people vote with their feet .
Consumers would have ensured women dominated the work place by buying only the cheaper woman - made products .
This has not happened so it looks very likely that the pay gap is perceived and not entirely real .
" But Opera 's already on Android , " you protest .
That 's Opera Mini , the Opera browser that serves up pages pre-crunched for crappy phones by Opera 's servers .
Opera Mobile is their full - fledged , feature - packed browser that promises Flash and Google Gears support .
Advertisement
The latest build was missing Flash and Gears , but Opera Turbo — speedier page loading with some help from Opera 's servers was there .
Hopefully it'll have the other two in place by the time it hits Android , which is in the works , confirms Opera 's CEO , where it should provide some decent competition to the default WebKit browser , which is already pretty damn good .
[ App Scout ]
Advertisement
The Non-Expanding Universe
Time does n’t exist .
The universe is n’t really expanding .
And if you want a theory of quantum gravity , look to the man who inspired Einstein , says Julian Barbour .
by Kate Becker
JULIAN BARBOUR
Off the Clock
I ’ve been taken much
more seriously saying
that time does n’t
exist than that the
universe is n’t expanding .
- Julian Barbour
" The Anatomy of God "
The expansion of space is
a surprising vestige of
Newton ’s absolute space .
- Julian Barbour
Going Off Grid
IS THE UNIVERSE REALLY EXPANDING ?
Credit : NASA
Back to Mach
Should I be right ,
I would be assured
a place in history .
- Julian Barbour
ERNST MACH
Right all along ?
is one of the few people who really thinks about the foundations of general relativity , " which Dreyer describes as nearly " virgin territory . "
Barbour is n’t counting on a speedy payoff .
" I do n’t believe there will be a quick breakthrough , " he says .
" It will keep the young people busy all their lives . "
To pass some of his knowledge on to those young people , Barbour is also in the process of writing a book which , he says , " will present more or less everything that I think I have learned about two basic questions :
What is time ?
What is motion ?
The answers to these two questions permeate the whole of modern physics in a way that few researchers realize . "
It will be " a new perspective that they wo n’t find in any textbook . "
Comment on this Article
Please read the important Introduction that governs your participation in this community .
Inappropriate language will not be tolerated and posts containing such language will be deleted .
Otherwise , this is a free speech Forum and all are welcome !
Please enter the text of your post , then click the " Submit New Post " button below .
You may also optionally add file attachments below before submitting your edits .
HTML tags are not permitted in posts , and will automatically be stripped out .
Links to other web sites are permitted .
For instructions on how to add links , please read the link help page .
You may use superscript ( 10 100 ) and subscript ( A 2 ) using [ sup ] ...[ / sup ] and [ sub ] ...[ / sub ] tags .
You may use bold ( important ) and italics ( emphasize ) using [ b ] ...[ /b] and [ i ] ... [ /i ] tags .
You may also include LateX equations into your post .
Insert LaTeX Equation [ hide ]
LaTeX equations may be displayed in FQXi Forum posts by including them within [ equation ] ... [ / equation ] tags .
You may type your equation directly into your post , or use the LaTeX Equation Preview feature below to see how your equation will render ( this is recommended ) .
For more help on LaTeX , please see the
LaTeX Equation Preview
preview equation
clear equation
insert equation into post at cursor
LaTeX equations may be displayed in FQXi Forum posts by including them within [ equation ] ... [ / equation ] tags .
You may type your equation directly into your post , or use the LaTeX Equation Preview feature below to see how your equation will render ( this is recommended ) .
For more help on LaTeX , please see the LaTeX Project Home Page
Your name : ( optional )
Post Text Preview [ hide ]
Add / Edit Attachments Attachments [ hide ]
You may optionally attach up to two documents to your post .
To add an attachment , use the following feature to browse your computer and select the file to attach .
The maximum file size for attachments is 1MB .
Add attachment # 1 :
Add attachment # 2 :
Once you 're done adding file attachments , click the " Submit New Post " button to add your post .
Recent Comments
INGSLOT VONNESLINE wrote on August 22 , 2016
Barbour is one of the specials ... what marks him out for me the most is the simple sequence of reason at the core of each view he holds , proportionate with the size of his investment .
PENTCHO VALEV wrote on February 2 , 2016
" Vacuum has friction after all .
In quantum mechanics , the uncertainty principle says we can never be sure that an apparent vacuum is truly empty .
Instead , space is fizzing with photons that are constantly popping into and out of existence before they can be measured directly .
Even though they appear only fleetingly , these " virtual " photons exert the same electromagnetic forces on the objects they encounter as normal photons do .
Now , Alejandro Manjavacas and F. Javier García de Abajo of the ...
ECKARD BLUMSCHEIN wrote on January 29 , 2016
Pentcho ,
" a similar slowing could well be created in sound waves " ??
Even if Padgett was correct , this did n't imply that phonons and photons behave according to emission theory .
Padgett 's effect is only claimed for slowing and only in the near field .
You are persistently wrong .
I abstain from commenting on the putative evidence for BB and the idea of a finite universe .
++++
read all article comments
For someone who believes time does n’t exist , Julian Barbour sure has a head for dates .
He remembers exactly when he started to have doubts about time :
It was October 18 , 1963 , and he was reading the newspaper .
He spotted an article about the physicist Paul Dirac and his quest for a theory of quantum gravity — a theory linking Einstein ’s ideas about gravity to the clashing doctrine of quantum mechanics .
Today , Barbour is on that same mission to unite gravity with quantum mechanics .
In order to succeed , he believes that we not only need to re-examine our understanding of time , but also question the conventional wisdom that the universe is expanding .
Happily for me , Barbour does n’t take advantage of his skepticism about time to shrug off appointments .
After picking up the phone precisely on time for this interview , he asked for seven minutes exactly to finish the remaining third of his cup of coffee , and was ready and waiting for my call , coffee cup drained , 560 seconds later .
Barbour ’s certainly not the first physicist to question our understanding of time ; Einstein was a skeptic , too .
If Barbour had told Einstein to give him a call back in seven minutes , Einstein might have asked : Your minutes or mine ?
If Barbour had been calling , say , from a spaceship moving at close to the speed of light , or one perched at the lip of a black hole , Einstein would find that each of Barbour ’s minutes would last far longer than his .
There is no universal reference clock that both Barbour and Einstein could agree on .
But , asks Barbour , what if it is n’t just time that has no universal reference ?
What if position is all relative , too ?
Ernst Mach — the multi-talented scientist who discovered the sound barrier and gave his name to the eponymous numbers — suggested something similar in the late 1800s , rejecting " absolute " measurements and replacing them with relative , or relational , ones .
To get a handle on Mach ’s viewpoint , imagine a particle spinning out in space .
If there were no stars forming a backdrop against which to measure the particle ’s motion , can we really say that the particle is moving ?
To Mach , the answer was no , in an empty space there is no distinction between the particle spinning and the particle being stationary .
If this does n’t seem revolutionary , try seeing it from Isaac Newton ’s perspective .
When Newton penned his laws of motion , Barbour explains , " He thought he ’d seen ’ the anatomy of God . ’ "
And to Newton , God looked pretty much like three - dimensional graph paper .
On top of this invisible coordinate grid , balls rolled , apples dropped , planets orbited .
To Newton , our particle could definitely be said to be spinning , because it was moving relative to the fixed grid of space .
All one needed to understand the universe was full knowledge of where each object was on the grid , and when , according to the ticking of an invisible absolute clock .
Newton ’s " theory of change " was " phenomenally successful , " says Barbour .
But it had a weakness , " the invisible background grid and clock . "
" My life ’s work has been about finding an alternative theory of change , " says Barbour , one that is purely " Machian " — that is , a theory that does away with the grid and clock .
Such a theory , he believes , might open the door to quantum gravity .
Einstein took a big step in deconstructing Newton ’s old grid .
In his theory of General Relativity , Einstein reimagined the grid as pliable , allowing space itself to arch and flex under the influence of gravity .
And because objects are in constant motion , Einstein saw the grid as dynamic , changing with time as gravity adjusted its grip .
Einstein even coined the term " Mach ’s Principle " to describe the ideas that inspired him .
But for a " Machian " thinker , there is a problem : Following astronomer Edwin Hubble ’s measurements in the 1920s and 1930s , which showed that other galaxies seem to be receding from ours , Einstein accepted that the universe is expanding .
Yet , with no absolute ruler to measure that expansion , how would it be possible to know that the universe is any bigger today than it was yesterday ?
" When you look at General Relativity , it is beautifully Machian , " says Barbour .
" But the expansion of space that it allows presupposes an absolute ruler .
That ’s a surprising vestige of Newton ’s absolute grid .
" Barbour explains with a geometrical analogy .
Suppose the whole universe just consisted of a triangle .
You could measure the angles of the triangle with respect to each other and classify the triangle as equilateral , isosceles , or scalene ( providing , that is , that you remembered your seventh - grade geometry ) .
You could say , hey , the angles of a triangle add up to 180 degrees !
But if you wanted to judge the size of the triangle , you ’d need a second triangle to make a comparison .
Barbour ’s conclusion : " Shape is much more fundamental than size .
I conjecture an alternative cosmology in which the universe is merely changing its shape — becoming more structured — and not doing that as well as expanding .
" Another way to put it : " We swim in nothing , " says Barbour .
Not in a rigid grid ; not with an absolute clock and ruler .
" But , " he asks , " precisely how do we swim in nothing ?
" To answer that question , Barbour set out to reformulate physics , this time leaving out both the absolute size and the universal clock .
With his hands thus mathematically tied , he began at the beginning , with Newton and the law of inertia ( " objects at rest tend to stay at rest , objects in motion tend to stay in motion " — you remember ) .
Barbour likes to start with his intuition , and then dig in to the math with help from collaborators like Bruno Bertotti at the University of Pavia , Italy , and Niall Ó Murchadha at University College Cork , Ireland .
" I ’m very much an intuitive thinker , " says Barbour .
" I was never much good at mathematics — was n’t in the class of the superstars . "
( Of course , you ’ll want to take this with a grain of salt — he did receive his degree in mathematics from Cambridge with honors . )
Barbour ’s first insight was that Newton ’s laws of motion could , indeed , be completely rewritten without absolute time or absolute distance .
Then , he and his collaborators showed that general relativity is perfectly relational — except for the niggling problem of that un-Machian expansion .
But his search for an alternative explanation that does away with the expansion of the universe has been met with skepticism : " I have been taken much more seriously saying time does n’t exist than that the universe is n’t expanding !
" Then , of course , comes quantum mechanics .
Barbour ’s dream is that elimination of expansion might reveal a new route to quantum gravity .
He ’ll investigate this possibility with the help of a $ 99,563 grant from the Foundational Questions Institute , and his collaborators Joseph Silk at the University of Oxford , UK , Edward Anderson at the University of Cambridge , UK , and Hans Westman and Sean Gryb , at the Perimeter Institute ( PI ) in Waterloo , Ontario .
Barbour admits it ’s a long shot — he estimates the probability he ’ll turn out to beis greater than 90 % .
" But should I be right , I would be assured a place in history , " he laughs .
Lee Smolin , a theoretical physicist at PI , says that Barbour has already carved out a comfortable place in the history of quantum gravity .
Smolin calls Barbour a scientific " seer , " adding that he has provided the rigorous mathematical structure upon which to build clock - and ruler - less theories .
Olaf Dreyer , a quantum gravity researcher at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , in Cambridge , sits on the opposite side to Barbour on the debate over time , but he salutes his work : "
Canadian MP
Bob Rae opines :
Watching the debate in the U.S. about health care has been a fascinating , if depressing , experience .
In particular , the fact that a Canadian woman has played into the hands of the Republican lobby because of her understandable anxiety about her medical condition does n't make me mad ; it just makes me sad . [...]
The ad Ms. Holmes appears in says Canadians are denied care because " the government says patients are n't worth it . ”
So private insurance companies that routinely deny treatment and coverage in the U.S. are Good Samaritans ?
I think not .
No one should demonize Shona Holmes .
The health - care system we have in Canada has challenges  we all know people who are frustrated by delays .
But that is hardly unique to Canada . [...]
Even the most conservative of political parties in Canada want to maintain the integrity of our system , just as in communities and provinces we figure out how to improve both the excellence of and access to what we have .
We should n't be afraid of a debate or a discussion , but since " the Canadian system " has been made the whipping boy of the Republican lobby in the U.S. it 's high time we fought back , with facts , figures , and the deep reality of our shared experience with universal insurance coverage .
Earlier today , Jed pointed out that the GOP keeps pushing " research " done by the Lewin Group , an organization that is owned by UnitedHealth Group .
To Rep. Eric Cantor of Virginia , the House Republican whip , it is " the nonpartisan Lewin Group . "
To Republicans on the House Ways and Means Committee , it is an " independent research firm . "
To Sen. Orrin Hatch of Utah , the second - ranking Republican on the pivotal Finance Committee , it is " well known as one of the most nonpartisan groups in the country . "
Generally left unsaid amid all the citations is that the Lewin Group is wholly owned by UnitedHealth Group , one of the nation 's largest insurers .
Here 's a little bit more about UnitedHealth Group , and just how much skin they have in the game when it comes to healthcare reform , and particularly a strong public option .
INDIANAPOLIS — UnitedHealth Group Inc. reported a second - quarter profit that more than doubled to beat Wall Street expectations , but the health insurer continued to lose commercial enrollment due to the tough economy .
Minnetonka , Minn. - based UnitedHealth also said Tuesday it raised the low end of its full - year earnings forecast .
UnitedHealth earned $ 859 million , or 73 cents per share , for the quarter that ended June 30 .
That 's up from $ 337 million , or 27 cents per share , a year earlier .
Last year 's second - quarter results included settlements in two class action lawsuits related to UnitedHealth 's former stock option granting practices .
They resulted in a pretax charge of $ 922 million , or 47 cents per share , for the quarter .
Here 's a little bit from the WaPo story cited by Jed explaining about one of those lawsuits :
More specifically , the Lewin Group is part of Ingenix , a UnitedHealth subsidiary that was accused by the New York attorney general and the American Medical Association , a physician 's group , of helping insurers shift medical expenses to consumers by distributing skewed data .
Ingenix supplied its parent company and other insurers with data that allegedly understated the " usual and customary " doctor fees that insurers use to determine how much they will reimburse consumers for out - of - network care .
In January , UnitedHealth agreed to a $ 50 million settlement with the New York attorney general and a $ 350 million settlement with the AMA , covering conduct going back as far as 1994 .
So despite settlements in two lawsuits , and despite a loss in commercial enrollments , and despite the tough economy , United Health doubled its earnings from last year .
I wonder how much of those earnings were plowed in to the Lewin Group and its research .
His words were a near - echo of Republicans who have criticized the rush to act on complex legislation that affects every American .
The spineless Harry Reid has announced there will be no healthcare reform vote until after the August recess .
Reid needs to go .
Hopefully the people of Nevada can replace him with a real progressive .
But in the meantime , my response was to immediately visit this website and call the White House :
Undercover NYPD offices in New York arrested brothers Jose and Maximo Colon for selling cocaine in a night club .
The men would almost certainly be serving lengthy prison sentences if it were n't for the fact that a surveillance video camera in the nightclub shows that the police made the whole thing up .
Paperwork signed by " UC 13200 " — Officer Henry Tavarez — claimed that he told a patron he wanted to buy cocaine .
By his account , that man responded by approaching the 28 - year - old Max , who then went over to the undercover and demanded to pat him down to make sure he was n't wearing a wire .
Max collected $ 100 from Tavarez , the report said .
The officer claimed to see two bags of cocaine pass through the hands of three men , including Jose , before they were given to him .
…..
What the tape does n't show is striking :
At no point did the officers interact with the undercovers , nor did the brothers appear to be involved in a drug deal with anyone else .
Adding insult to injury , an outside camera taped the undercovers literally dancing down the street .
This is n't an isolated incident , either :
On May 13 , another NYPD officer was arrested for plotting to invade a Manhattan apartment where he hoped to steal $ 900,000 in drug money .
In another pending case , prosecutors in Brooklyn say officers were caught in a 2007 sting using seized drugs to reward a snitch for information .
And in the Bronx , prosecutors have charged a detective with lying about a drug bust captured on a surveillance tape that contradicts her story .
Is it any wonder that police all over the world are trying to stop people from videotaping them ?
Drug suspect turns tables on NYPD with videotape
Matt Wuerker
Hill wants reins on Fed
Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke is spending so much time on the Hill these days that he takes his lunch wherever he can , recently plopping down at a tiny desk inside Rep. Barney Frank ’s office to sneak a sandwich .
Bernanke can expect to brown - bag it a lot more in the coming months as he faces a rising tide of congressional scrutiny and growing concerns that the once - untouchable Fed is becoming an out - of - control financial Frankenstein with $ 2.2 trillion in loans on its books .
Advertisement
“ The fact is that the American people want to know more of the ‘ Secrets of the Temple , ’ ” House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) told reporters Thursday , referring to the 1989 William Greider book examining the Federal Reserve .
“ A balance has to be struck as to what is required to run the Fed in a responsible way , about what transparency there should be . ”
House and Senate members of both parties praise Bernanke ’s bold moves in saving the banking sector from complete collapse , but they do n’t like the way he ’s done it , bypassing congressional funding channels and rebuffing some calls for oversight .
“ If you think about the power that the Federal Reserve has at this particular moment in history , it ’s incredible , ” said Rep. Tammy Baldwin ( D - Wis . ) .
Baldwin is a bellwether , one of 66 Democrats — and 232 members overall — to co-sponsor a bill mandating audits of the Federal Reserve System for the first time in its nearly 100 - year history .
That push comes amid rising skepticism in the Senate over President Barack Obama ’s plan to give the Fed sweeping new powers as part of its revamped financial regulatory plan .
The proposal “ represents a grossly inflated view of the Fed ’s expertise , ” said the ranking Republican on the Senate banking committee , Alabama ’s Richard Shelby .
There ’s no national tidal wave of anti-Fed sentiment , members acknowledge , but constituents are becoming more suspicious of the Fed ’s expanding role in propping up the American economy and the opacity of its inner workings .
Rep. Jim McGovern ( D - Mass . ) said he “ was getting a lot of calls from constituents ” asking him what was happening at the Fed .
“ That ’s why I support this bill , ” said McGovern , who joined more than 150 Republicans on the legislation last week .
The Politico 44 Story Widget Requires Adobe Flash Player
The measure , sponsored by libertarian Rep. Ron Paul ( R - Texas ) , stands little chance of passage .
Pelosi is n’t a supporter — and claims to have no knowledge of Paul ’s bill — but she ’s sympathetic to hiking oversight , a senior Democratic aide says .
Other Democrats see the measure as a populist warning shot at the White House , which has relied on Bernanke to undertake politically poisonous bailout programs that would have been nearly impossible to ram through Congress .
“ I just think it will be very hard for members of Congress to go back to their constituents and say , “ I ’ve got $ 2.2 trillion of your money at risk and I do n’t know where it ’s going , ’ ” said Sen. Bernie Sanders ( I - Vt. ) , who is pushing his own bill calling for names of banks aided under Fed lending programs .
A Federal Reserve spokeswoman declined to comment .
But Bernanke and top
Fed officials have bridled at detailed congressional oversight of their monetary policy .
Still , the pressure is mounting .
The Fed is fighting a lawsuit by Bloomberg News calling on it to release the names of banks receiving assistance .
And last month , the Senate passed a watered - down version of the Sanders bill mandating monthly reports on the troubled banks — without disclosure of names or the amounts of aid .
Last week , the House Oversight committee took the unusual step of issuing a subpoena for Fed internal communications regarding Bank of America ’s takeover of Merrill Lynch .
Bernanke eventually complied — and he ’s been called to appear before the committee on June 25 to answer more questions about the controversial Bank of America deal , according to House aides .
“ The Federal Reserve assumed authority the Congress should have assumed — because helping to rescue these institutions was politically unpopular , ” said William Poole , former president of the St. Louis Federal Reserve Bank .
“ What ’s happening now is a predictable outcome — now Congress has all these questions about the Federal Reserve assuming all this authority .
...
And now they ’re going to get more involved .
And in the long run , what this is going to do is damage the independence of the Fed , ” added Poole , a fellow with libertarian Cato Institute .
At the heart of the debate is Section 13 ( 3 ) of the Federal Reserve Act of 1913 , which gives the Fed ’s Board of Governors the vast , unregulated power to issue currency or create special discounted lending programs during “ unusual and exigent circumstances . ”
Frank , chairman of the House Financial Services Committee , is a Bernanke backer , but he too is concerned about possible abuses — and plans to hold hearings on 13 ( 3 ) next year .
Hearings into Paul ’s bill are on hold , pending the overhaul of the financial regulatory system .
But it ’s struck a nerve , and Paul is sanguine about its prospects .
“ There ’s not that much resistance to it , ” he said .
“ I would think if that bill were on the floor , you ’d only have a few people voting against it , because it ’s construed as transparency for the Federal Reserve , and right now , that ’s what the American people are demanding .
Even though I have been talking about this for 27 years , events have brought it to light .
They now agree we need to know more about the Fed . ”
The bill has succeeded in melding the extreme margins of both parties as few proposals have — uniting anti-Big Government Republicans like Paul with anti-Big Business Democrats like Reps.
Lynn Woolsey of California and Dennis Kucinich of Ohio .
Nonetheless , there ’s little sign of a full - scale revolt , despite all the anti-Fed saber rattling .
And many powerful Democrats in the Senate , including New Yorker Chuck Schumer , are likely to oppose any radical action .
“ The audit ?
It ’s a bad idea , ” said Tennessee Sen. Lamar Alexander , head of the Republican Conference in the Senate .
“ It ’s a sorry day when the Congress superimposes itself on the Fed , nosing around in monetary policy .
It ’s bad enough we are nosing around with the car companies . ”
This article tagged under : Ben Bernanke
Federal Reserve
Fixed - Gear Hooligan Manifesto !!
by Steven Karp Editor 's note :
There are all kinds of fixed - gear bikes and fixed - gear riders .
One kind is the city rider who rides brakeless in traffic , sports black denim instead of neon lycra , and hops curbs instead of gingerly carrying his bike up and down them .
This kind of rider melds postmodern urban culture with the image of Sonny Barger 's " 1 % " outlaw cycling , and it 's a good fit .
Steven Karp 's article serves as a manifesto for this kind of fixed - gear cycling .
The present article began life as a series of e-mail exchanges on the FIXED - GEAR list , where some readers were questioning the ideas behind Steven 's Fixed - Gear Hooligans designs .
The discussion had many of the elements of a culture clash , and it gave Steven the opportunity to express his passions on the subject .
By the way , Steven makes several references to the area where he lives -- suburban Connecticut .
But there are vastly different reactions to street fixes in other places .
Here in NYC , fixes are regarded with a combination of mystifaction , awe and respect .
Enjoy !
People see us as outlaws .
We get judgments and disses .
So we 're " fixed - gear hooligans . "
And I 'm here to say that cycling does n't have to be about carbon fibre lust , boutique name - brand " proper " cycling clothing , and $ 200 Sidi shoes .
The " hooligan " term reminds some folks of dim- witted , slack - jawed drunks prone to mindless violence .
But we are n't declaring ourselves to be hooligans -- it 's just how some mainstream cyclist see us .
I 'd hoped people would see the satire and tongue - in - cheekism from a mile away .
The main point is to strip away all the cycling tangents that people get caught up in , and bring folks back to the bare basics of cycling for cycling 's sake .
By all means , wear what you want , ride as expensive or as cheap a ride as you want ; but just ride for the * fun and camaraderie of riding * .
There 's no persecution ; just reaching out to folks who might feel left out of cycling because it 's gotten so expensive and caught up in the newest and shiniest and techiest '...
Snobbery in Reverse ?
Yes , my little tirade is reverse snobism - but who speaks for the unspoken - for ?
And with a sense of humor ?
There was a time when cycling was a grass - roots , working class sport - look at vintage pictures of track racers .
These guys doubled as boxers , or carpenters , or blacksmiths - they were everyday , bare - knuckle kinda folks .
Out this way , people on high - endy bikes with high - falootin gear tend to disregard someone who is n't decked out in the same gear , with the same super bike .... instead of getting angry at this fact , the decision was made to have some fun with it .
Here 's the lowdown on Fixed Gear Hooligans for anyone who may be intimidated , offended , or put ill - at - ease by the concept :
It is not a gang , or even a true club with dues and secret handshakes .
It 's a couple of patches which reflect an all - too common reaction to folks who happen to ride or maintain fixed gear or track bikes .
We 're in the Minority We all know that fixed gear bikes are in the vast minority of bicycles out there - for better or worse .
Especially if you do n't live anywhere near a velodrome , people will be even less used to seeing one .
Out my way trackbikes are an anomaly - one that is usually ( unfortunately ) met with scorn by folks who do n't quite know what to make of a trackbike miles away from a velodrome , let alone not on a banked track .
That is , if they even know what a trackbike is !
The most commmon response is a snorted : " Whatta ya wanna ride one of those things for - they 'll screw up yer knees " ...
Whether from a passing cyclist or if you go into a bike shop that is n't familiar with the concept that fixed - gears make pretty decent all - around bikes .
Okay , not everyone responds with disdain - there are a good deal of folks who are enthusiatic or nostalgic about them - cheers to those open - minded folks !
Most of the people who do slag off fixes and their riders are just repeating that age - old " they 'll ruin your knees " mantra out of innocent ignorance - they 've never ridden a trackbike in their life , but they always manage to know someone that has some irreprable knee damage or the like due to the evils of a cog screwed directly onto a hub .
Prepare to get Dissed So why Hooligans ' ?
Because that 's how folks who ride fixes / tracks for fun or profit are * perceived * by ( some ) other , more mainstream cyclists .
If you 're outside of the somewhat narrow conventions of cycling , whether it be your choice of bike , your clothing , footwear - do n't expect to get waved at by fellow cyclists , or welcomed with open arms on a club ride .
That 's a pretty sad statement about cycling right there .
This is NOT always the case , but it does happen often enough to make people all over take notice and realize that maybe they 're part of a fringe element of cycling .
This Club is not about prejudice of any kind , it 's about having fun with people 's perceptions of one narrow group of cycling enthusiasts who subscribe to a different set of guidelines .
Yup - it could be seen as conformity to noncomformity , the way folks were able to poke holes in the whole punkrock ethos .
I 've Even Been Snubbed by Other Fixers
Are people who ride trackbikes and fixes capable of the same level of exclusivity and snobbishness that Fixed Gear Hooligans ' is supposed to oppose ?
Absolutely .
You can't fight human nature .
I 've been snubbed by couriers who sneered at the fact that I had a front brake on my Pista - so what ?
There are no secret by - laws in the FGH Charter which says ' only wear punkrock clothing , ride recklessly , and never wave to other cyclists or help them out ' .
No Laws
There are no by - laws or charters !
There 's only some patches and a desire to bring folks together who may be feeling excluded from the broader spectrum of cycling .
It 's a very Do It Yourself ' ( DIY ) ethos : if there 's no scene , you make one .
No velodrome to race on : set up your own underground track series like the folks in the Richmond Sprint Club , or the countless alleycats that pop up here and there .
Ca n't afford nice club jerseys ?
Get some patches made and sew them on your messenger bag , tshirt or whatever .
It 's not an anachronistic desire to look backward - there * is* a growing number of people who live trackbikes and fixed gears .
Maybe they 're couriers , maybe they 're bike mechanics , maybe they commute on a trackbike - but they 're out there , just like in the old days .
We have fixed / track rides out this way that are open to anyone and everyone ; we have underground races and feats of daring - all for the fun of riding a bike that 's just a little outside of the mainstream .
FGH is a celebration of being outside of that mainstream .
Instead of getting angry that some people perceive us as wanton , lawless , brakeless hell - bent brigands ; we 're having fun with those very notions .
Steven Karp , 2004
Back to Top
This release is available in German .
It is one of the largest among the giants :
With two to three billion times the mass of our sun , the galaxy Messier 87 dominates the Virgo cluster .
A supermassive black hole exists in the centre of this galaxy .
So called jets ( gigantic plasma flows ) shoot out from the vicinity of the black hole at close to light speed .
Scientists - among others from the Max Planck Institutes for Nuclear Physics and Physics - have observed , simultaneously in gamma and radio frequencies , this active galactic core region .
Thereby they discovered that the elementary particles are accelerated to extremely high energy levels in closest proximity to the black hole ( Science Express , July 2 , 2009 ) .
Messier 87 is a giant elliptical radio galaxy in our immediate cosmic vicinity , just 55 million light years away .
In its centre , it hosts a super - massive black hole , about six thousand million times more massive than our own Sun .
In a " jet " , a giant outflow from the central engine of this galaxy , charged particles ( electrons and protons ) may be accelerated to velocities close to the speed of light .
Inevitable witnesses and messengers of these acceleration processes are very - high - energy gamma rays , photons a thousand billion times more energetic than optical light .
They are produced when the accelerated particles interact with their environment .
High - energy gamma rays constitute the highest energy electromagnetic radiation observable , and are generated by the most violent cosmic objects such as supernovae , active galactic nuclei , and gamma ray bursts .
They allow us to study a realm of extreme physical conditions , far beyond what can be studied in laboratories here on Earth .
First indications for very - high energy gamma radiation from Messier 87 were found as early as 1998 with the HEGRA telescopes , which was the predecessor experiment of H.E.S.S. and MAGIC .
This detection could be confirmed with the H.E.S.S. telescopes in 2006 .
These observations also revealed a fast variability of the gamma-ray flux within few days , as seen again in the 2008 campaign .
This implies that the extension of the gamma-ray source must be exceptionally compact , and is located presumably in the immediate vicinity of the supermassive black hole in Messier 87 .
In early 2008 , the three world - leading instruments sensitive to gamma rays in this energy domain , H.E.S.S. , MAGIC and VERITAS , jointly observed Messier 87 from January to May 2008 , collecting 120 hours ' worth of data .
During this campaign , Messier 87 underwent two major outbursts of gamma-ray emission .
Simultaneous high resolution radio observations of the activity of Messier 87 using the VLBA , a system of ratio telescopes spanning the United States , indicate a persistent increase of the radio flux from the innermost " core " of Messier 87 , which is associated with the immediate vicinity of the central black hole .
The collaboration of observatories sensitive to the lowest ( radio ) and highest ( gamma-ray ) parts of the electromagnetic spectrum made it possible for the first time to pin down the location of activity during the gamma-ray outbursts and thus the site of the particle accelerator in Messier 87 .
###
The Major Atmospheric Gamma-ray Imaging Cherenkov ( MAGIC ) telescope on the Canary island of La Palma and the telescopes of the High Energy Stereoscopic System ( H.E.S.S. ) in Namibia are latest - generation air - shower Cherenkov telescopes .
With their 17-m ( MAGIC ) and 4 x 13 - m ( H.E.S.S. ) diameter mirrors and ultrafast electronics , they record the flashes of dim blue light ( Cherenkov light ) from the cascades of subatomic particles that arise when very - high - energy gamma - ray photons interact high in the atmosphere .
The H.E.S.S. team consists of more than 150 scientists from Germany , France , the UK , Poland , the Czech Republic , Ireland , Austria , Sweden , Armenia , South Africa and Namibia .
The H.E.S.S. telescope array is in operation since 2004 , and its first data have already resulted in a number of important discoveries , including the first astronomical image of a supernova shock wave at the highest gamma-ray energies and the first map of the galactic disk at very - high - energy cosmic rays .
MAGIC was built and is operated by about 150 researchers from Germany , Italy , Spain , Switzerland , Poland , Finland , Croatia , Bulgaria and the United States .
Operational since 2004 , MAGIC has , among other important results , so far discovered the most distant source of very - high - energy gamma rays more than five billion light years away from us , as well as gamma rays from a fast rotating neutron star , the Crab pulsar .
For the future , both teams are continuing their successful collaboration in the European project Cherenkov Telescope Array ( CTA ) .
This next - generation gamma-ray observatory will consist of roughly a hundred telescopes , leading to a significant improvement in sensitivity by a factor 10 compared to the current generation of instruments .
Related links :
[ 1 ] H.E.S.S. project website http://www.
mpi-hd . mpg. de/ HESS /
[ 2 ] MAGIC project website http://wwwmagic.
mpp. mpg. de /
[ 3 ] Max Planck Society Press information on gamma radiation from M 87 http://goto. mpg. de/ mpg/ news / 20061025 /
Original work :
V. A. Acciari et al .
Radio Imaging of the Very - High - Energy Gamma - Ray Emission Region in the Central Engine of a Radio Galaxy
Science Express , July 2 , 2009
Chicago Cubs starting pitcher Ryan Dempster just hit the disabled list with a fractured big right toe he suffered while trying to hurdle the dugout railing to go celebrate a Cubs win .
While the news that Dempster could miss a month of action might cause Cubs fans to wonder if they really are cursed , Dempster 's hardly the first athlete to sustain a weird injury .
Here are a few highlights from the injury reports of days gone by .
1. Sacramento Kings small forward Lionel Simmons missed two games in his rookie season ( 1991 ) because he had tendonitis in his right wrist and forearm from playing too much GameBoy .
2 . In 1994 , journeyman knuckleballer Steve Sparks missed out on a chance to make his first big - league roster when he dislocated his shoulder during spring training with the Milwaukee Brewers .
He tried to rip a phone book while imitating a group of motivational speakers who had visited the team .
3. NHL goalie Glenn Healy enjoyed a long career , and he also enjoyed playing the bagpipes .
While playing for the Maple Leafs in 2000 , Healy needed stitches after slicing himself while repairing an antique set of pipes .
4. Point guard Muggsy Bogues once missed the second half of a game after he became dizzy from inhaling ointment fumes while receiving treatment for a sore muscle at halftime .
5 . Hall of Fame offensive tackle Turk Edwards suffered a career - ending injury in 1940 during the pregame coin toss .
When Edwards turned to return to the Washington Redskins ' sideline , he caught his cleats on the turf , which wrecked his fragile knee and forced him into retirement .
6 . Hall of Fame third baseman Wade Boggs once missed seven games after straining his back while trying to pull on his trademark cowboy boots .
( In all fairness , it 's probably tough with all of that chicken grease on your fingers . )
7 . After scoring a goal in 2004 , Servette midfielder Paulo Diogo decided to celebrate by jumping into the crowd .
His wedding ring had other plans , though , and caught on a fence .
The force ripped off the top of Diogo 's finger , and to add insult to injury , the refs booked him for excessive celebration .
8 . Actually , it might just be a good idea to take off all of your rings when you hit the field or court .
Atlanta Braves closer Cecil Upshaw missed the entire 1970 season when his ring got caught on an awning as he tried to demonstrate his slam dunk technique .
9. Boston Red Sox pitcher Clarence Blethen did n't have a long career , but he did have a fine set of false teeth .
According to legend , Blethen liked to carry his false teeth in his back pocket when he played , which was a decent enough plan until he had to make a takeout slide at second to break up a double play during the 1923 season .
When Blethen slid , his false chompers supposedly bit him on the rear , which led to a bloody mess that forced him out of the game .
10 .
At some point during the 1975 or 1976 season , Mets reliever Ken Sanders had so much trouble seeing through the glare coming off of a glass partition behind home plate at Shea Stadium , he did n't realize his catcher had tossed the ball back to him .
The ball conked Sanders right in the face , breaking his nose and cheek .
11 . Journeyman reliever Greg A. Harris once missed two starts for the Rangers after he inflamed his elbow by spending an entire game flicking sunflower seeds at a friend who was sitting nearby .
12 . One more reason to pay attention to your pharmacist : Brazilian soccer star Ramalho once missed three days of action because he was bedridden after taking a suppository orally .
13 . Norwegian defender Svein Grondalen went for a jog as part of his training for an international match during the 1970s " ¦and ran headlong into a moose .
The injury forced him to withdraw from the match .
14 . Ca n't believe this one has n't happened to Prince Fielder yet : Atlanta first baseman Ryan Klesko missed several games in 1999 after straining his back while picking up his lunch tray .
15 . Pitcher Tom Glavine suffered from food poisoning during the 1992 season ; his symptoms were so bad that he broke a rib while vomiting .
16 . Chicago Cubs outfielder Jose Cardenal missed a game in 1974 because his eyelid was " stuck open , "  which prevented him from blinking .
Although he eventually overcame this ailment , it did n't help Cardenal 's reputation as a player who liked to use suspicious injuries to get out of games ; two seasons earlier he had missed a game because crickets in his hotel room had kept him up all night , leaving him exhausted .
17 . Pitching great Nolan Ryan once missed a start after he was allegedly bitten by a coyote .
18 . In May 2002 Baltimore Orioles left fielder Marty Cordova fell asleep in a tanning bed and got a wicked sunburn on his face .
His doctor ordered him to stay out of direct sunlight , which meant Cordova had to hide out in the clubhouse during day games until his face healed .
19 . Stuttgart Kickers soccer player Sascha Bender once suffered a facial injury after being punched .
The assailant , teammate Christian Okpala , said Bender " permanently provoked me by farting all the time . " 
Obviously , these are just a few of the greatest weird injuries .
We left out some commonly cited examples , like Bill Gramatica 's painful field goal celebration and Gus Frerotte 's ill - conceived head butt .
Share your favorites in the comments .
About 1,500 garden gnomes have been saved from the scrapheap .
The collection of small cement people was left behind after the death of an elderly Cootamundra woman , with the new owners of her property not keen on keeping them hanging around .
But a solicitor acting for the deceased estate in southern NSW contacted the Australian Gnome Convention seeking advice on how to dispose of the garden ornaments .
The convention , established by the Lower Blue Mountains Rotary Club , is held annually in Glenbrook , west of Sydney , and has become the spiritual home for Australia 's gnomes .
Convention organiser and " gnome master " David Cook said he did not hesitate in organising a rescue party .
" We did n't want to see them put in a skip and taken to the tip and all smashed up , " Mr Cook said .
The four - member rescue team joined with Cootamundra locals , working for almost four hours to load " every square inch " of two vehicles and a trailer .
The gnomes will be fostered out to various locations across the Blue Mountains but will be reunited next Australia Day for the sixth annual Australian Gnome Convention .
- AAP
Please consider Monday morning 's Breakfast With Dave regarding an unprecedented drop in consumer credit .
No Credit Where Credit Is Due
U.S. consumer credit outstanding fell $ 10 billion in June , the fifth decline in a row during which the debt balance has shrunk $ 60 billion or 5.5 % at an annual rate — both figures are unprecedented .
As the chart below shows , the YoY trend , at - 2.8 % , is also running at its steepest contractionary rate in over five decades .
Welcome to the new paradigm of savings , asset liquidation and debt repayment — the era of consumer frugality .
After 20 years of living beyond their means , American consumers will be spending the next several years living below their means , and no , this will not be the end of the world , but it will put a firm ceiling on overall demand growth for some time to come .
Consumer Credit Outstanding
10 - Year Treasuries vs. Consumer Credit
CPI vs. Consumer Inflation
Consumer Spending vs. Consumer Credit
Record Slide In Bank Lending
We just received the monthly data on commercial bank lending in July and it showed a record contraction of $ 64.0 billion , which is the equivalent of a 12.0 % annualized decline .
This was the third month in a row of declining bank credit to households and businesses during which the contraction has totaled $ 149.0 billion ( again , an unprecedented 9.0 % decline at an annual rate ) .
We are not sure if a recovery can be sustained without credit creation — we have n’t seen it happen in the past , but maybe there is a new paradigm of a credit - less recovery awaiting us .
If you only had one programming language to choose –or –
Let the FUD be with you
In Babu Srinivasan ’s discussion on the topic of what programming language could theoretically be the the sweetest choice —
If you have to learn just one programming language — we see decent coverage of the concerns involved .
What we also see , however , is the same reflexive , fact - depleted dismissal of Perl based on third hand complaints by second rate hackers .
… many people consider it to be line noise …
If you have to learn just one programming language
This is what is technically known as weasel - words .
There ’s more where that came from .
He points out that Perl is strictly a legacy language now ; no new software being written in it .
For example the BBC ’s new iPlayer which runs on the same Perl framework Sedition·com does was written via time machine by hackers who travelled to the past where Perl is still in use .
What really burns is that I know what readers think when they read the article .
No one is convinced by his conclusion because he does n’t pick C# , Ruby , Java , or Python .
So all those guys are going , “ Oh , that ’s totally right .
Perl sucks and all the others are losers too except for ( C# |Ruby|Java| Python ) , the lingo in which I hack .
He just did n’t get the bigger picture .
Of course ( C#|Ruby|Java| Python ) is the right choice . ”
Anyway , the closer is : “ Scala wins and here ’s an example of why : < code / > . ”
Go look at it .
Then come back and look at this –
Dice game Perl
use strict ; use Pod :: Usage ; use Getopt :: Long ; use Number :: Format qw ( format_number format_price ) ; my ( $ plays , $ bet ) ; GetOptions ( " plays=i " => \ $ plays , " bet=f " => \ $ bet ) ; $ plays and $ bet or pod2usage ( - verbose => 2 ) ; my $ start_money = my $ money = $ plays * $ bet ; for ( 1 .. $ plays ) { my $ roll = int ( rand ( 100 ) ) + 1 ; if ( $ roll <= 50 ) { $ money -= $ bet ; } elsif ( $ roll >= 66 and $ roll <= 75 ) { $ money += 0.5 * $ bet ; } elsif ( $ roll >= 76 and $ roll <= 99 ) { $ money += $ bet ; } elsif ( $ roll == 100 ) { $ money += 2 * $ bet ; } } printf ( " %s became %s after %s play %s :
\t " , format_price ( $ start_money ) , format_price ( $ money ) , format_number ( $ plays ) , $ plays == 1 ? " " : " s " ) ; printf ( " You get %s for a dollar
" , format_price ( $ money / $ start_money ) ) ; =head1 Question :
Do you want to play this game ?
You put down some money and roll a die between 1 and 100 .
Depending on your roll - 1 - 50 -->
I keep your money 51 - 65 -->
You get your money back 66 - 75 -->
You get 1.5 times your money 76-99 -->
You get 2 times your money 100 -->
You get 3 times your money B < Arguments >- - plays
How many times to play - bet How much to bet on each play I < Do you want to play ? >
=cut
You ’ll note that as reported , although they read almost exactly the same , the Perl is unreadable .
Or is it the Scala ?
Damnit , now I do n’t know what how to think for myself .
Additionally , the Perl is a complete program runnable with flexible , type - filtered arguments .
The Scala requires more code be written to run with other parameters .
The Perl is self - documenting — code comments are not documentation .
And the Perl correctly formats numbers and currency based on locale — halfway to i18n without hardly trying .
Three big improvements over the Scala version and in nearly the same space with some easier reading , frankly .
and and or read much more naturally than && and || and make lots of code less cluttered because their weaker precedence allows the omission of parenthesis .
Usage
jinx@jasper [ 2260 ] ~> dice - game - bet 1 - plays 100 USD 1,100.00 became USD 850.00 after 11 plays :
You get USD 0.77 for a dollar jinx@jasper [ 2261 ] ~> dice - game - bet 1 -p 100 USD 100.00 became USD 74.50 after 100 plays :
You get USD 0.75 for a dollar jinx@jasper [ 2262 ] ~>dice - game -b 7 - plays 100000 USD 700,000.00 became USD 564,413.50 after 100,000 plays :
You get USD 0.81 for a dollar jinx@jasper [ 2263 ] ~> dice - game -b 1.01 -p 1 USD 1.01 became USD 2.02 after 1 play :
You get USD 2.00 for a dollar
Not convinced ?
I know , logic and proof is difficult for human beings to follow .
You get emotions though , right ?
« Perl snippet for the weekend : getting “ normalized ” column names to act like proper object identifiers with DBIx :: Class :: Schema : : Loader · 10 Catalyst models in 10 days1 »
« Perl resources , modules , and sample code »
Let 's talk about hypothetical risks .
If you go to a big preview screening in Leicester Square – a privilege given to the press , entertainment industry VIPs , and a fair number of punters who win radio phone - in prizes – you 'll be asked to leave your mobile phone in a baggie behind a counter at the front of the cinema .
The film industry says that this is a necessary precaution against the hypothetical losses that would result should someone use a mobile phone to " camcord " ( that is , record from the audience ) a pre-release movie and leak it onto the internet .
The film Wolverine ( panned by 63 % of critics according to Rotten Tomatoes , which also reports a $ 177,288,905 box office gross to date ) is often cited as an example of how a film can be harmed by pre-release leaks .
Also cited is Motion Picture Association of America ( MPAA ) research claiming the vast majority of pirate movies on the internet and sold on the street start as camcordered movies ( more on this later ) .
When pressed , spokespeople from the Federation Against Copyright Theft ( FACT ) and the Film Distributors ' Association ( FDA ) admitted they had never heard of a pirated movie " in the wild " that originated with a mobile phone , nor , to the best of their knowledge , had anyone ever been ejected from a cinema for attempting this .
What 's more , although FACT and the FDA stressed their belief that the majority of pirate movies originate with camcorders , they also admitted that this was never the case with pre-release movies : film previews have never been a source of film piracy .
The whole business of camcordering seems to be a red herring , frankly .
The supposedly damning pre-release leak of Wolverine ?
An inside job .
Of the 26 Oscar - nominated films for 2009 , 23 were available as pirated copies online on the eve of voting , 100 % of them derived from " screeners " ( discs given to jurors , critics , exhibitors , sales agents , etc ) .
On average , screener copies leaked onto the internet six days after they were sent out to the Academy for review prior to awards voting .
Music piracy is characterised as " grave " by the industry ( in the US , NBC went so far as to tell the Federal Communications Commission that film piracy threatened the livelihoods of heavily subsidised corn farmers due to potential losses in popcorn sales , and that this would have knock - on effects in the market for heavy farm machinery ) .
But the studios have just enjoyed yet another record - smashing box office quarter , in the teeth of a global econo - polcalypse that has every other sector of the economy on life support .
But there is one indisputable fact : mobile phones are rapidly expanding their capabilities .
Megapixel phones are the norm now , as are fast network connections and memory slots that can accept up to 64GB of storage .
If a tenfold increase in battery life were to take place tomorrow , it would , indeed , be practical to record a feature film with a mobile .
Which brings us to the other theoretical risk : the risk of leaving hundreds of increasingly powerful phones in the safekeeping of a cinema , out of your sight for two or three hours while you watch gigantic robots throwing buildings at each other .
This risk is also substantial .
From sim cloning ( copying the phone 's sim so that other phones can use your account , listen to your voicemail , and make calls that are billed to you ) to data theft , the risks are enormous .
Think of the data storage on your phone – that potential 64GB on a postage - stamp - sized SD card .
That 's enough to carry around libraries ' worth of confidential or proprietary information – several times the amount of data lost in the enormous HMRC leak of family financial information last year .
Add to that the contact information – personal phone numbers for all the people in the lives of everyone at the movie , including , for example , ministers of state and other VIPs who are routinely invited to previews .
Then consider confidential diaries , family photos , personal voice memos , access to your search history …
Once you start enumerating the potentially sensitive information on a mobile phone , it 's hard to stop .
Ironically , mobile phones have terrible security models .
They do n't support encryption for in - built or expanded memory , have short passwords that are often easily bypassable – a problem that 's exacerbated by corporate IT departments who set bad passwords across the system ( one enterprise I know of gives all its executives a BlackBerry with the password " QWERTY " ) .
What 's more , the more confidential – and useful – things there are on your phone , the less likely you are to want to leave it at home during a night out .
Indeed , the very capabilities that make a phone useful also make it indispensable .
It does n't take a techno - visionary to see the train wreck in the offing .
As the movie industry reminds us , phones are getting more powerful all the time .
Entrepreneurs look forward to phones that work as authentication tokens for signing into corporate networks ( phones are already used to complete many security procedures today , as when Pins are texted to your phone ) , stored value cards that work like Oyster cards , allowing you to spend money just by waving your phone at a touchplate , and as trusted network conduits into the innermost layer of secured and sensitive systems .
Any phone that can do all this can also handily copy a film .
Any phone that can do all this is a device that you 'll never leave the house without .
Of course , there are ways of containing liability .
If I wanted to stop movies from being pirated , I 'd focus my effort on the places where they leak .
In the case of the Oscars , that 's the insider awards voters who leak every movie they 're sent within six days , not the film critics – who have never , ever leaked a movie by recording it at a preview .
Likewise , if I wanted to secure hundreds of mobile phones , my first resort would be to leave them where they are , in cinemagoers ' pockets , which is surely the safest place for them to be .
Failing that , I 'd have a top - notch security system , with tamper - evident , shielded , opaque bags for storing phones , a system of multiple watchers who kept an eye on each other as well as the phones , and special background checks into anyone allowed anywhere in the vicinity of the handsets .
Oh , and I 'd make sure I was carrying special insurance that specifically covered losses due to data breaches from phones in my care .
What does the film industry do to safeguard your phone when you see a preview ?
It 's very hard to say .
No one could really tell me what the details were .
Most helpful was the FDA , which was also able to confirm that it had never had a known data breach from a phone taken into custody during a preview .
It also assured me that only staff from the security companies were allowed to handle the phones in care .
But it was n't able to confirm the qualifications of the security staff , nor whether there was any special insurance cover for data breaches from these phones .
And the baggies that are used are " like the ones at the airport " – standard , transparent Ziploc bags through which phones can be seen and worked .
These bags lack tamper - evident seals , so it 's also possible to remove a phone and replace it without its owner being aware of it .
The FDA 's spokesman also stated that he believed people who had a need to retain their phones – say , government ministers , solicitors or doctors whose phone contained confidential information , or parents who are on - call to their babysitters – might be able to retain their phones .
FACT was less helpful on this score , noting that " no one is forced to see a preview " .
Undoubtably true , but rather beside the point .
If I do choose to see a preview , it 's fair to ask what precautions are taken with my property while it 's in custody at the cinema .
The FDA referred me to Music and Arts Security , a firm with a long history of providing security for film screenings .
There I spoke briefly with Paul McTaggart , who started off by saying he was " not obliged to give any comment " ( I assured him that I did n't think he was , but rather hoped he would answer my questions anyway ) , and then told me that he would only answer questions if directed by one of his firm 's clients .
So I emailed Debbie Turner , head of publicity for Paramount UK , asking her to authorise Music and Arts Security to tell me how its internal oversight of mobile phones works , whether they are covered for data breaches , whether exceptions are made for people who have good reason to keep their phones on their person , and so on .
Instead of answering any of these questions , Ms Turner emailed this to me : " Both Paramount Pictures and Music & Arts Security feel that security procedures implemented at screenings is a confidential matter , on which we are unable to comment further .
However , M&A have supplied the following statement : ' [ the ]
Private Security Industries
Act 2001 stipulates all security operatives have to undergo as part of their application a criminal records check .
Which is carried out by the SIA ( Security Industry Authority ) .
For further information contact SIA or visit their website . ' "
Note this does n't confirm that " security operatives " are the sole personnel in contact with phones , nor does it indicate the oversight procedures , insurance , exceptions policy and so on .
Indeed , the most remarkable thing about this whole business is how incoherent the policy is .
Both the FDA and FACT assured me that phone surrender wo n't become a feature of regular screenings ; nor will bag checks .
But of course , a number of UK cinemas sport signs stating : " Please be aware that we are conducting a compulsory bag check at this cinema . "
What 's more , in Canada , a recent anti-camcordering law passed after intense lobbying from the same motion picture studios ( the very ones that created Britain 's policy on previews and mobile phones ) has made bag searching a routine part of moviegoing .
It has become so invasive that a Montreal theatre chain was fined C$ 10,000 ( £ 5,230 ) after it searched a teenage girl in front of her parents and turned up her birth control pills – not a good way for any parent to discover that her child is sexually active .
It 's hard to see where this will stop .
One correspondent in Melbourne , Australia , reported having her handheld Nintendo DS ( an older model without a camera ) taken away on the way in to a film .
Some might argue that theatre security can't be expected to be competent enough to sort devices capable of recording a film from devices that are n't , but I 'd argue that someone that incompetent is also not to be trusted with our electronics while we 're in the movie , either .
If I were a wily camcorderer who really wanted to shoot a preview , I 'd simply not surrender my phone on the way in , since ( according to the DFA , though not confirmed by Music & Arts ) the phone surrender is on the honour system , and so you could simply say , " I took your advice and left my phone at home " , and head into the amphitheatre with your mobile ( and a knapsack full of spare batteries , I guess ) .
Or if you were really cunning , you could bring two phones – an old model and a new one – and surrender the dud on the way in .
Better yet , though , would be to enter the cinema with any one of the hundreds of modestly priced hidden cameras that do n't look like a pocket camera or a phone .
These are cheap as chips , can be bought in most high streets ( or delivered overnight by Amazon ) , and can manage surprisingly high quality at the top end of the range .
Better still : wait six days for a studio insider to leak his screener all over the web .
Of course , the risk to your phone and your data is wholly hypothetical .
But then again , so is the risk to the film .
Movies are pirated , data is stolen .
As far as anyone can tell , neither has ever happened at a film preview .
Whose risk is more important to you : Paramount 's , or your own ?
And if Paramount wants to shift the risk to you , should n't they shell out for high - security baggies , and publicly disclose the measures they take to protect your property ?
Wong Kar - Wai's movie about two love - struck cops is filmed in impressionistic splashes of motion and color .
The first half deals with Cop 223 , who has broken up with his girlfriend of five years .
He purchases a tin of pineapples with an expiration date of May 1 each day for a month .
By the end of that time , he feels that he will either be rejoined with his love or that it too will have expired forever .
The second half shows Cop 663 dealing with his breakup with his flight attendant girlfriend .
He talks to his apartment furnishings until he meets a new girl at a local lunch counter .
Written by Tad Dibbern < DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu >
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Instead of celebrating the Fourth of July holiday with barbecues and sparklers , about 2,000 small - government advocates , toting signs and chanting slogans , rallied outside the U.S. Capitol Saturday .
TEA Party activists hope their message reaches lawmakers on Capitol Hill .
Activists said the TEA Party Day -- an acronym for " Taxed Enough Already " -- was in response to what they called runaway government spending .
They are taking to task the Obama administration 's stimulus program and health care initiative , and say Congress is not giving constituents enough information about where their tax money is spent .
People at the rally expressed outrage at the $ 787 billion economic stimulus plan passed earlier this year , saying the bill racked up a huge national debt that will be passed onto their grandchildren .
They said President Obama 's push for health - care overhaul is " socialism , " and believe it would negatively affect the quality of care .
" They are wasting all of our money , " said Sean Albert of Richmond , Virginia .
" They 're not running our government like we would run our own checkbooks .
When I 'm out of money , I stop spending the money . "
The rally followed a national effort that drew thousands of activists to TEA Party events across the country on April 15 , when income taxes are due .
Do n't Miss iReport.com : America celebrates
Organizers said similar July 4 rallies were planned for nearly 1,500 cities .
In Washington , people held signs saying " End the Fed , " " No Socialism , " and " I 'll keep the freedom , you keep the change , " in reference to Obama 's campaign buzzword .
Watch report on Tea Party protests »
Organizer Lisa Miller said it was appropriate for the rally to be held on Independence Day .
" We are regular citizens speaking for our rights and it's part of taking personal responsibility for your own life , " Miller said .
The activists hoped their message would reach lawmakers on Capitol Hill .
" Nobody is listening to us -- we call , we fax , we e-mail , nobody cares , " said Dora Lynn Derue .
" Today we 're going to make them listen . "
July 2009
The Segway has n't delivered on its initial promise , to put it mildly .
There are several reasons why , but one is that people do n't want to be seen riding them .
Someone riding a Segway looks like a dork .
My friend Trevor Blackwell built his own Segway , which we called the Segwell .
He also built a one - wheeled version , the Eunicycle , which looks exactly like a regular unicycle till you realize the rider is n't pedaling .
He has ridden them both to downtown Mountain View to get coffee .
When he rides the Eunicycle , people smile at him .
But when he rides the Segwell , they shout abuse from their cars : " Too lazy to walk , ya fuckin homo ? "
Why do Segways provoke this reaction ?
The reason you look like a dork riding a Segway is that you look smug .
You do n't seem to be working hard enough .
Someone riding a motorcycle is n't working any harder .
But because he 's sitting astride it , he seems to be making an effort .
When you 're riding a Segway you 're just standing there .
And someone who 's being whisked along while seeming to do no work — someone in a sedan chair , for example — ca n't help but look smug .
Try this thought experiment and it becomes clear : imagine something that worked like the Segway , but that you rode with one foot in front of the other , like a skateboard .
That would n't seem nearly as uncool .
So there may be a way to capture more of the market Segway hoped to reach : make a version that does n't look so easy for the rider .
It would also be helpful if the styling was in the tradition of skateboards or bicycles rather than medical devices .
Curiously enough , what got Segway into this problem was that the company was itself a kind of Segway .
It was too easy for them ; they were too successful raising money .
If they'd had to grow the company gradually , by iterating through several versions they sold to real users , they'd have learned pretty quickly that people looked stupid riding them .
Instead they had enough to work in secret .
They had focus groups aplenty , I 'm sure , but they did n't have the people yelling insults out of cars .
So they never realized they were zooming confidently down a blind alley .
No property taxes ?
Even some in Stafford do n't see how Property tax set at zero seems to suit Stafford
Gene Bane , zoning administrator and director of building permits and nuisance abatement for Stafford , talks about the business park in the city during a meeting in Mayor Leonard Scarcella ’s office last week . ﻿ less Gene Bane , zoning administrator and director of building permits and nuisance abatement for Stafford , talks about the business park in the city during a meeting in Mayor Leonard Scarcella ’s office last ... more Photo : Julio Cortez , Chronicle Photo : Julio Cortez , Chronicle Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close
No property taxes ?
Even some in Stafford do n't see how 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
The lesson moved into a discussion about Stafford , a small city in Fort Bend County that has n’t levied a property tax for 14 years .
Field listened as others questioned how a community — called home by more than 20,000 people — could function without them .
“ When you say zero property tax , people do n’t believe you , ” said Field , who has lived in Stafford for more than two decades .
“ I still do n’t see how it works .
I just reap the benefits .
I do n’t have to understand it . ”
Stafford stopped levying property taxes in 1995 , making it the largest of the less than a dozen cities in Texas to do so .
It ’s the only Houston - area city to have eliminated property taxes , said Frank Sturzl , executive director of the Texas Municipal League .
Residents still pay county and school taxes .
Skeptics originally had a field day predicting failure , but have since been silenced by the city ’s success .
“ Not only does it work , but it is also a feasible and plausible approach with good benefits , ” said Mayor Leonard Scarcella , who has led the city for 39 years .
Relying on sales tax revenue alone , Stafford has managed to pay for city services , lower its debt , accumulate a reserve of about $ 10 million , construct a new convention center and build a police and fire complex in the past six years .
At the same time , new residents and businesses have been lured in by the city ’s property tax policy .
Even today , while many cities across the country are slashing budgets and cutting services because of the recession , Stafford continues to grow .
City officials are even optimistic about paying off the city ’s $ 2 million bond debt by 2014 .
Fortune ’s No. 36
The 7 - square - mile city has gained national attention for its fiscal management .
It ’s been pegged as a tax haven for senior citizens , a Shangri - La for property owners and was recently ranked by Fortune as No. 36 on the Fortune small business list for the best 100 places in the nation to live and launch .
( Track Stafford 's revenue growth here . )
People who own property in Stafford say not having city property taxes has translated into lower mortgage payments and extra money to reinvest in their businesses .
Karen and Willard Hamilton moved from Houston to a new Stafford subdivision four years ago because of the tax benefit .
Karen said the savings enabled the couple to afford a bigger house .
“ It ’s a tremendous benefit , ” she said .
The couple save about $ 60 a month on their mortgage payment .
Joe Rome , owner of Stafford Auto , a 39 - year - old family business , said he sees about $ 700 a year in tax savings , which can make a big difference during a recession .
The icing , though , is that city services have n’t been affected , residents said .
Field said her trash is collected on time , and her neighbor Alice Rolston said police still check on her home when she ’s on vacation .
Sturzl believes most cities , if they had the opportunity and good fortune , would like to have followed Stafford ’s example .
“ Property taxes are the least popular tax on the planet , ” he said .
Mix of commerce
Many cities without property taxes are enclave communities with exceptionally high sales taxes , he said .
For example , Sunset Valley , west of Austin , has 500 people and several malls that attract shoppers from larger cities .
Stafford ’s success comes from a mix of retail , commercial , manufacturing , wholesale and service industries that bring in sales and franchise tax revenues .
The once - agricultural community now has three major business parks , an upscale shopping center and 20 hotels and motels .
Its largest employer is Texas Instruments , with an estimated 1,500 employees , Scarcella said .
“ That ’s one of the things we ’re proud of , ” Scarcella said .
“ We feel like we have one of the strongest , diverse economies per capita in the state . ”
Only 40 percent of the city ’s sales tax revenue comes from retail , while the rest comes from other industries .
The sales tax is 8.25 percent , and the city collects $ 2 of every $ 100 spent and uses it for city services , economic development and to pay debt .
In addition , Stafford collects franchise taxes and permit fees to fund its general fund operating budget , which has gone from $ 6.4 million in 1995 to about $ 14.8 million this year .
Stafford also benefits from being near major highways , a railroad and large cities .
During the day , Stafford ’s population triples because it has more people working than living in the city .
Sharp eye on budget
Many residents credit Scarcella for the city ’s prudent fiscal management .
He was a law student when the city hired him to help establish its property tax system in 1965 .
He became mayor four years later and eventually helped to eliminate the tax system .
Councilman Cecil Willis says the mayor watches every penny .
It ’s not unusual for a city employee to wear several hats or for council to debate the purchase of pencils and light bulbs , he said .
The city also has adopted a pay - as - you - go philosophy for projects to avoid debt , he said .
“ We ’re just living within our means like most families , ” Willis said .
“ We do n’t buy extravagant things , and the staff has bought into that and so have residents .
It ’s a partnership . ”
renee.lee@chron.com
Howdy , folks !
Today , we ’re going to be taking a look at the admittedly rather old ( but much improved ) Warhammer Online as it nears its 1 - year anniversary .
The Warhammer Fantasy ( and Warhammer 40 k ) IP has had a lasting influence on the video games industry , inspiring several other notable products , so it ’s interesting to see how the MMORPG version of the original turned out .
Well , let ’s not waste any more time ; onto the review !
The World
The Warhammer Fantasy world is already mostly established by Games Workshop .
Magical items are much more common in the game than they would be if Mythic was sticking completely to canon .
But then again , that would n’t be as much fun .
Players familiar with either the tabletop strategy game or the pen-and - paper RPG will recognize plenty of locations and important figures .
Players choose a career ( class / race combination ) from either Order or Destruction ( good or evil ) and spend their lives working against the opposing faction .
Progression
Progression is fairly straight - forward .
Kill things , complete quests , gain levels in your class ( called a career , though you ca n’t change it ) , and get more powerful .
Quests are divided into personal quests and public quests , and players also get a modicum of experience exploring and unlocking new achievements , though that ’s never much .
Players also have a renown rank , which is raised by participating in player - versus - player ( called Realm vs. Realm or RvR ) combat and scenarios .
RvR also gives regular XP as well , and you could conceivably level up entirely by killing other players .
The progression itself manages not to be too tedious , but it can get repetitive at times .
Crafting
Compared to most other MMOs , the crafting system is fairly weak .
There are four “ gathering ” tradeskills and two “ crafting ” tradeskills , and characters can only learn one of each .
Players can’t make their own equipment ; they can only craft potions and talismans that would fit in equipment slots .
Furthermore , until recently , most of the talismans were n’t even permanent .
The crafting system has improved somewhat , but players still can’t create their own equipment .
Guilds
Guilds in Warhammer Online are pretty dynamic .
They provide various benefits , which increase as the guilds level up through experience and renown .
At later levels , guilds provide easier access to items and dungeons that would otherwise be more difficult to come by .
Guilds may also carry customized standards that give buffs to nearby allies when deployed by a nearby ally with the Standard Bearer privilege .
Furthermore , high - level guilds can capture RvR strongholds known as Keeps and improve them to defend against enemy attack .
The guild system is fairly robust , but there are often too few Standard Bearer privileges to go around ; they are strictly limited based on the guild ’s level .
Realm vs. Realm
While it ’s conceivably possible to go the entire game without engaging in RvR , you ’d be missing out on the true spirit of the game .
It ’s heavily designed for RvR , with a public battlefield in each major zone and multiple scenarios for each level grouping .
The scenarios are semi-private arenas where members of Order and Destruction duke it out against each other .
Aside from allowing players to gain renown and unique loot , the RvR system includes zone control .
Taking control of a zone is somewhat difficult , requiring a commanding lead in RvR performance or taking and holding all objectives in the zone for a set amount of time , but once the zone is taken , all players of the controlling faction get a pretty hefty buff and an experience and renown bonus .
At later levels , players can work toward assaulting the enemy faction ’s home city .
The Price
You can buy the game itself for under $ 20 on Amazon , but at around $ 15 a month , you ’re paying a pretty penny in subscription fees .
There are ways to reduce the per-month cost by purchasing a longer subscription , so if you plan to be in it for the long haul , go with that .
The Community
Think World of Warcraft , but slightly less hardcore on average .
Warhammer Online caters to casual and hardcore alike , so neither demographic will feel too left out .
So , to sum it all up …
PROS : Lots of PvP ( RvR ) content , a high quality guild system , fun and integrating quests .
CONS : The crafting system is decidedly lackluster , grinding can get repetitive , and if you do n’t like PvP , this game is n’t for you .
TRY , BUY , OR TRASH ?
Definitely try it out .
If it ’s not for you , do n’t subscribe after the free month , and you ’re down less than $ 20 .
If you do decide to play , come say hi to me on the Iron Rock server .
I ’m in the Order faction , and my character name is Alanther .
******
Want me to review a game ?
Email me and let me know !
As the US implements a new strategy in Central Asia so comprehensive that some analysts now dub the cross - border conflict " Obama 's war " , Dr Kilcullen said time was running out for international efforts to pull both countries back from the brink .
When he unveiled his new " Afpak " policy in Washington last month , the US President , Barack Obama , warned that while al - Qaeda would fill the vacuum if Afghanistan collapsed , the terrorist group was already rooted in Pakistan , plotting more attacks on the US .
" The safety of people round the world is at stake , " he said .
Laying out the scale of the challenges facing the US in Iraq , Afghanistan and Pakistan , Dr Kilcullen put the two countries invaded by US - led forces after the September 11 attacks on the US on a par - each had a population of more than 30 million .
" But Pakistan has 173 million people and 100 nuclear weapons , an army which is bigger than the American army , and the headquarters of al - Qaeda sitting in two - thirds of the country which the Government does not control , " he told the Herald .
Added to that , the Pakistani security establishment ignored direction from the elected Government in Islamabad as waves of extremist violence spread across the whole country - not only in the tribal wilds of the Afghan border region .
Cautioning against an excessive focus by Western governments on Afghanistan at the expense of Pakistan , Dr Kilcullen said that " the Kabul tail was wagging the dog " .
Comparing the challenges in the two , he said Afghanistan was a campaign to defend a reconstruction program .
" It 's not really about al - Qaeda .
Afghanistan does n't worry me .
Pakistan does . "
But he was hesitant about the level of resources for , and the likely impact of , Washington 's new drive to emulate an Iraq - style " surge " by sending an extra 21,000 troops to Afghanistan .
" In Iraq , five brigades went into the centre of Baghdad in five months .
In Afghanistan , it will be two combat brigades [ across the country ] in 12 months .
That will have much less of a punch effect than we had in Iraq .
" We can muddle through in Afghanistan .
It is problematic and difficult but we know what to do .
What we do n't know is if we have the time or if we can afford the cost of what needs to be done . "
Dr Kilcullen said a fault line had developed in the West 's grasp of circumstances on each side of the Durand Line , the disputed border between Afghanistan and Pakistan .
" In Afghanistan , it 's easy to understand , difficult to execute .
But in Pakistan , it is very difficult to understand and it's extremely difficult for us to generate any leverage , because Pakistan does not want our help .
" In a sense there is no Pakistan - no single set of opinion .
Pakistan has a military and intelligence establishment that refuses to follow the directions of its civilian leadership .
They have a tradition of using regional extremist groups as unconventional counterweights against India 's regional influence . "
In the absence of a regional diplomatic initiative to build economic and trade confidences before tackling the security issue , the implication , Dr Kilcullen said , was that India alone could not give Pakistan the security guarantees Islamabad required .
The special US envoy Richard Holbrooke has been charged with brokering a regional compact by reaching out to Iran , Russia and China , and Dr Kilcullen said : " This is exactly what he 's good at and it could work .
" But will it ?
It requires regional architecture to give the Pakistani security establishment a sense of security which might make them stop supporting the Taliban , " he said .
" The best case scenario is that the US can deal with Afghanistan , with President Obama giving leadership while the extra American troops succeed on the ground - at the same time as Mr Holbrooke seeks a regional security deal , " he said .
The worst case was that Washington would fail to stabilise Afghanistan , Pakistan would collapse and al - Qaeda would end up running what he called ' Talibanistan . '
" This is not acceptable .
You can't have al - Qaeda in control of Pakistan 's missiles , " he said .
" It 's too early to tell which way it will go .
We 'll start to know about July .
That 's the peak fighting season … and a month from the Afghan presidential election . "
TAMPA -- NBA training camp is two months away , and LeBron James is excited about the biggest addition to the Cleveland Cavaliers .
" Wow , " said James about center Shaquille O'Neal .
" Anytime you can get a guy like that .
. . .
I was asked by [ management ] , ' Would you like him to be a part of this team ? ' and I said , ' Of course . '
I 've never had a low - post presence since I 've been in the league .
I love it . "
For the first time during the offseason , James was candid about several topics today during a session at the National Association of Black Journalists convention , where James also promoted his film " More Than A Game . "
Not only did James share his pleasure about his new teammate , he discussed several incidents -- including walking off the floor in the Cavaliers ' Eastern Conference finals loss against Orlando in May , and the dunk on James by Xavier University player Jordan Crawford at his camp last month .
After the Cavaliers lost to the Magic in Game 6 of the conference finals , James walked off the court and did n't shake hands with any of the Magic players and did not talk with the media .
He was later fined by the NBA and apologized .
If allowed a do - over , James would change a few things .
" I would n't have done it the same , " James said .
" I would have [ talked with ] the media .
Looking back on it , without you guys , there 's no LeBron James , Dwyane Wade , Tiger Woods or no Peyton Manning without the media . "
James , however , does not have any regrets about not shaking hands -- a practice that is uncommon during 82 the regular - season games .
" Shaking hands is not a big deal to me , " James said .
" It 's not being a sore loser ; it 's moving on . "
Moving on and away from what happened has not been easy .
James has been the subject of stories and blogs all summer .
He has read them and he understands .
" I could see why people were talking about [ walking off ] because your job [ the media ] starts when mine ends , " James said .
" But as far as the dunk or whatever car I 'm driving , some things you should n't comment on and some things you should . "
For the first time , James publicly commented on the dunk heard and seen around the Web .
There have been several versions of what happened at James ' camp when it came to the dunk by Crawford , the Xavier sophomore guard .
On the video clip , the dunk was not impressive .
The issue was that Nike confiscated the video .
" I never told anyone to confiscate any tapes , " James said .
" Nike has a no-videotape policy at pickup games .
Now that LeBron is involved , it 's blown up . "
James added with a smile .
" It 's a play that happens in basketball all the time .
You can go on YouTube and see me being dunked on by a lot of guys .
I like to call myself a shot - blocker , and [ getting dunked on ] tends to happen . "
James expects better things for the Cavaliers this season , especially with the addition of O'Neal .
Playing with O'Neal will give James and the Cavaliers a new dimension , since O'Neal often can draw double - teams .
" I can use some of my athleticism when a double - team comes and slash to the rim , " James said .
" Shaq 's a very good passer , so he 'll just throw it at the rim and I 'll go get it . "
James , who said the Cavaliers are still one of the top teams in the league , expects to be even more of an offensive threat this fall .
" Instead of dribbling the ball up where guys can pressure me , I can catch the ball out of a double - team from Shaq , become a shooter or drive , " James said .
Since 1895 , the Venice Biennale , a contemporary art exhibition , has been held in Venice , Italy every two years ( with a few breaks ) .
This year Venice is hosting the 53rd Biennale , which includes an international art exhibition , an architecture exhibition and festivals of contemporary music , dance , and theater - as well as the Venice Film Festival .
The 53rd International Art Exhibition titled " Making Worlds " , opened to the public on June 7 , and will remain open until November 22 , 2009 .
Collected here are a few images from the recent vernissage ( opening ) of the art exhibition and of Venice itself .
( 29 photos total
Putting lime into the oceans could stop or even reverse the accumulation of CO2 in the atmosphere , according to proposals unveiled at a conference on climate change solutions in Manchester today .
According to its advocates , the same technique could help fix one of the most dangerous side effects of man-made CO2 emissions : rising ocean acidity .
The project , known as Cquestrate , is the brainchild of Tim Kruger , a former management consultant .
" This is an idea that can not only stop the clock on carbon dioxide , it can turn it back , " he said , although he conceded that tipping large quantities of lime into the sea would currently be illegal .
The oceans are a key part of the natural carbon cycle , in which carbon dioxide is circulated between the land , seas and atmosphere .
About one - third of the CO2 released into the air by humans each year is soaked up by the oceans .
This helps slow the rate of global warming but increases ocean acidity , posing a potentially disastrous threat to marine ecosystems .
Kruger 's scheme aims to boost the ability of the oceans to absorb CO2 but to do so in a way that helps reduce rather than increase ocean acidity .
This is achieved by converting limestone into lime , in a process similar to those used in the cement industry , and adding the lime to seawater .
The lime reacts with CO2 dissolved in the water , converting it into bicarbonate ions , thereby decreasing the acidity of the water and enabling the oceans to absorb more CO2 from the air , so reducing global warming .
Kruger said : " It 's essential that we reduce our emissions , but that may not be enough .
We need a plan B to actually reduce the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere .
We need to research such concepts now – not just the science but also the legal , ethical and governance considerations . "
Kruger 's plan was one of 20 innovative schemes proposed at the Manchester Report , a two - day search for the best ideas to tackle climate change staged by the Guardian as part of the Manchester International Festival .
A panel of experts chaired by Lord Bingham , formerly Britain 's most senior judge , will select the 10 most promising ideas .
These will be featured in a report that will be published in the Guardian next week and circulated to policymakers around the world .
Climate change secretary Ed Miliband told the conference the biggest danger faced by campaigners was creating a sense of defeatism .
" We need to show people how they can aggregate their individual actions and be part of a bigger whole , " he said .
Cquestrate is one of a number of so - called " geo-engineering schemes " that have been proposed to intervene in the Earth 's systems in order to tackle climate change .
Kruger admits there are challenges to overcome : the world would need to mine and process about 10 cubic kilometres of limestone each year to soak up all the emissions the world produces , and the plan would only make sense if the CO2 resulting from lime production could be captured and buried at source .
Chris Goodall , one of the experts assessing the schemes , said of Cquestrate : " The basic concept looks good , though further research is needed into the feasibility . "
Another marine geo-engineering scheme was presented by Professor Stephen Salter , of Edinburgh University .
His proposal is to build a fleet of remote - controlled , energy - self - sufficient ships that would spray minuscule droplets of seawater into the air .
The droplets would whiten and expand clouds , reflecting sunlight away from the Earth and into space .
Salter said 300 ships would increase cloud reflectivity enough to cancel out the temperature rise caused by man-made climate change so far , but 1,800 would be needed to offset a doubling of CO2 , something expected within a few decades .
• This article was amended on 8 July 2009 .
The original said that oceans soaked up about half of the CO2 released into the air by humans each year .
This has been corrected .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
With the weekend arriving and a long day finally over , 8 - year - old Cherrie Mahan stepped off her yellow school bus on a chilly Friday around 4 p.m .
Cherrie Mahan 's third - grade school photo was used on her missing child flyers .
The bus stop was about 100 yards from her home in rural Winfield Township in western Pennsylvania .
But Cherrie did not make it to the hilltop trailer she lived in with her parents .
She was never seen again .
Investigators say her disappearance after the four mile ride home from elementary school on February 22 , 1985 , remains a mystery .
" It 's like a black hole opened up and she fell in , ' ' said Cherrie 's mother , Janice McKinney .
She recalled that she and Cherrie 's stepfather , Leroy , could hear the bus pulling up that day .
Soon after Cherrie did not arrive , he went to the stop to look for her .
'' He came flying back up because she was n't there , '' McKinney said .
Watch what the girl 's mom has to say »
Cherrie , an only child , would soon be celebrating her 33rd birthday , but in the minds of many , she will always remain a missing girl .
" People still talk about it , '' said Trooper Frank Jendesky , the lead detective working on the case for the Pennsylvania State Police for the past 15 years .
The driver and children riding the bus remember Cherrie getting off the bus with a few other students who lived nearby .
Nancy Grace Nancy
Grace heats up the cold cases
8 & 10 p.m. , HLN see full schedule »
One lingering detail has baffled investigators for years -- reports that a 1976 model van was following the school bus .
The van , according to students , had a distinctive painted mural of a snow - capped mountain and skier wearing red and yellow clothes coming down the mountain .
Despite many efforts , the van was never found and it remains unclear whether it holds a link to the puzzle .
'' By now it 's probably in a junkyard or somewhere , '' said Jendesky , who considers the case a kidnapping or abduction -- rather than a homicide -- because a body was not found .
" It 's the not knowing that kills you , '' McKinney said .
'' Every day you wonder and you look at some girl who 's 33 and you wonder , ' Is that her ? '
I look at little kids and wonder , ' Is that my grandchild ? ' ''
Over the years , police conducted hundreds of interviews and cleared several persons of interest , while the case file grew to more than 4,000 pages .
Among his biggest frustrations , Jendesky said : " The time lapse and a lot of the calls I 've gotten over the years really had no relevance to the case . ''
In the days before Amber Alerts and greater public awareness of crimes against children , McKinney said it took time before word of her daughter 's disappearance became widespread .
McKinney said Cherrie 's case was included as a public service insert in a direct mail advertising campaign , one of the first times that approach was taken .
Cherrie was especially close with McKinney 's parents .
She described how the girl would lovingly mimic her grandfather 's daily morning walk in the garden with his hands cupped behind his back .
Hanging in McKinney 's dining room is a picture Cherrie drew of a rainbow , trees , birds and clouds .
It says " Mom and Dad . "
" I have more memories of my daughter than most people get in a lifetime , '' McKinney said , remembering that Cherrie loved the children 's character Strawberry Shortcake , enjoyed spelling and wanted to be an elementary schoolteacher .
The day Cherrie went missing she was bringing home annual school pictures .
That photo and the girl who never made it home with it became known to many on missing posters distributed across the nation .
" She was one heck of a special kid , '' McKinney said .
" And there 's somebody out there that knows .
And I hope that someday they have a conscience and they 'll let us know .
Because that 's all I pray for , is to have an answer . ''
Anyone with information on the whereabouts of Cherrie Mahan or those responsible for her disappearance are asked to call the Pennsylvania State Police at ( 724 ) 284-8100 .
All About Missing Children • Nancy Grace
Welcome to the new location of Alien 's Wiki , sharing a single dokuwiki install with the SlackDocs Wiki .
Welcome to Eric Hameleers ( Alien BOB ) 's Wiki pages .
If you want to support my work , please consider a small donation :
Adding Multilib Capability to Slackware on x86_64 Architecture
This article contains instructions on how to create a true multilib Slackware64 .
A multilib 64 bit Linux system is capable of running 64bit as well as 32 bit software .
The Filesystem Hierarchy Standard documents the optimal method to achieve a clean separation between 64bit and 32 bit software on a single system .
When starting with the development of “ Slackware64 ” ( the official port to the x86_64 architecture ) we chose to adopt this standard .
Therefore Slackware64 has been configured to look for 64 bit libraries in / lib64 and / usr / lib64 directories .
This is why I call Slackware64 “ multilib - ready ” - even though 32 bit libraries will be looked for in / lib and /usr / lib , Slackware 64 does not ship with any 32 bit software .
There is one more step that must be taken ( by you , the user ) before Slackware64 can be called “ multilib - enabled ” .
This is accomplished as follows :
First we need to switch to multilib versions of glibc ( i.e. a glibc that supports running both 32 bit and 64bit binaries ) , and
gcc ( i.e. able to compile 32 bit binaries as well as 64bit binaries ) .
Then , system libraries are taken from 32 bit Slackware and installed in the 64bit Slackware system alongside their 64bit versions which completes the process of creating a 32 bit compatibility software layer .
When Slackware64 was released , it had an advantage over the 64bit “ forks ” that existed out there .
These forks added the 32 bit compatibility layer by recompiling a lot of their packages as 32 bit binaries .
Slackware on the other hand , is a distribution that consists of a 32 bit and 64bit release , both of which are being developed in parallel .
This means , that you do not have to compile 32 - bit packages from scratch in order to add multilib capability to the 64bit system .
You simply take them from the 32 - bit Slackware package tree !
This was one of the reasons for not adding full multilib to Slackware64 - we create the right preconditions but require the user to act if she needs multilib .
In a section further down , I will explain how you can take a 32 - bit Slackware package ( say , the “ mesa ” package ) and re-package its content into a “ mesa- compat32 ” package that you can install straight away on Slackware64 .
Slackware for the x86_64 architecture ( or “ Slackware 64 ” for short ) is a pure 64 - bit Operating System , but easily upgradable to multilib .
Out of the box , Slackware64 is only capable of compiling and running 64 bit binaries .
Advantage of a multilib system
I will give some examples of programs that require multilib support on a 64 bit Slackware because they will not start or compile on Slackware64 without the 32bit compatibility layer :
Wine
Most Windows programs are still 32 bit , and in order to run those on Linux with Wine , you need a 32 bit version of Wine .
Most Windows programs are still 32 bit , and in order to run those on Linux with Wine , you need a 32 bit version of Wine .
VirtualBox
The popular virtual machine software .
Although this is ( partly ) open source it still needs 32 - bit compatibility libraries on 64 - bit Slackware .
The popular virtual machine software .
Although this is ( partly ) open source it still needs 32 - bit compatibility libraries on 64 - bit Slackware .
Steam
The highly popular gaming platform still needs a
The highly popular gaming platform still needs a 32 bit client .
Most of the available games are 32 bit as well .
Skype ,
These programs are proprietary and closed - source .
We have to depend on the developer to make 64 bit binaries available .
So far , that has not happened for these example programs .
Citrix client , … These programs are proprietary and closed - source .
We have to depend on the developer to make 64 bit binaries available .
So far , that has not happened for these example programs .
Luckily , 64 bit support is becoming more and more common .
Adobe was a sore point for a long time , but they eventually released their Flash browser plugin in a 64 bit version .
Sun ( now absorbed by Oracle ) revealed a 64bit version of their Java browser plugin .
These two events were major triggers to start working on Slackware64 .
Obtaining multilib packages
You can download a set of multilib - enabled packages and scripts from my web site : http://slackware.com/~alien/multilib/ .
Apart from several README files ( this Wiki article basically is an enhanced version of one of these READMEs ) , you will find one subdirectory for every 64 - bit Slackware release below the toplevel directory “ multilib ” .
There is another directory called “ source ” .
The “ source ” directory contains package sources and SlackBuild scripts .
The stuff that you are really interested in - the binary packages - is available in the < slackware_release_number > directory below the toplevel directory .
Every such directory also contains a “ slackware64- compat32 ” subdirectory where you will find an essential set of converted 32 - bit Slackware packages , ready for installing on your 64 - bit Slackware .
In order to keep up to date , I advise you to keep an eye on the ChangeLog ( RSS feed ) which I maintain for my multilib packages .
Usually , I will have updated glibc and gcc packages available within a day after Slackware has updates to gcc and glibc .
Automation : Check out compat32pkg by Sėbastien Ballet which automates this process , similar to slackpkg .
# slackpkg update # slackpkg upgrade multilib # slackpkg install multilib
If you prefer slackpkg for package management , then it is worthwhile to check out slackpkg + , an extension to slackpkg which manages the packages you installed from 3rd - party repositories - including multilib .
When properly configured , keeping your multilib is as easy as running :
That last command will show you if any new packages were added to the collection of “ compat32 ” packages , such as llvm - compat32 and orc - compat32 recently .
Contents of an example file “ /etc/slackpkg/slackpkgplus.conf ” would be as follows : SLACKPKGPLUS=on VERBOSE=1 ALLOW32BIT=off USEBL=1 WGETOPTS= " -- timeout=5 -- tries=1 " GREYLIST=on PKGS_PRIORITY=( multilib restricted alienbob ktown ) REPOPLUS = ( slackpkgplus multilib restricted alienbob ktown ) MIRRORPLUS [' multilib ']
=http://bear.alienbase.nl/mirrors/people/alien/multilib/current/
MIRRORPLUS [' alienbob ']
=http://bear.alienbase.nl/mirrors/people/alien/sbrepos/current/x86_64/ MIRRORPLUS [' restricted ']
=http://bear.alienbase.nl/mirrors/people/alien/restricted_sbrepos/current/x86_64/ MIRRORPLUS [' ktown ' ]
=http://bear.alienbase.nl/mirrors/alien-kde/current/latest/x86_64/
MIRRORPLUS [' slackpkgplus ']
=http://slakfinder.org/slackpkg+/
This is how a typical configuration would look like - for a computer running Slackware - current and using Alien BOB 's KDE testing repository .
The PKGS_PRIORITY ensures that multilib packages of gcc and glibc have precedence over the Slackware originals .
The keyword “ multilib ” which defines the name for the repository must be the same keyword used in the “ slackpkg ” commands above .
The choice of the word “ multilib ” is arbitrary , it could just as well have been “ compat32 ” , as long as you use it consistently .
Contents of an example file “ /etc/slackpkg/slackpkgplus.conf ” would be as follows :
Enabling multilib support on Slackware64
The quick ' n ' dirty instructions
This section contains the essential instructions to add full multilib capability to your Slackware 64 system .
If you want to understand the process in more detail , or need information on how to compile 32 bit software in Slackware64 , you should also read the sections that follow .
Note that the “ # ” in front of the commands depicts a root prompt .
URL in URL ) .
Suppose you are running Slackware 14.2 .
You execute : # SLACKVER=14.2 # mkdir multilib # cd multilib # lftp -c " open http://bear.alienbase.nl/mirrors/people/alien/multilib/ ; mirror -c -e $ { SLACKVER} " # cd $ {SLACKVER} Download the packages from my web site ( I gave you thein the previous section , but this example is using a mirror ) .
Suppose you are running Slackware 14.2 .
You execute :
Run the command # upgradepkg -- reinstall -- install - new *.t?z
Upgrade your 64 bit Slackware “ gcc ” and “ glibc ” packages to my multilib versions .
Run the command after you changed to the directory where you downloaded these packages .
This command will also install an additional package called “ compat32- tools ” .
lftp ” command will have done that ) then you are lucky , because I did the 32 bit package conversion for you already !
All you do is run the command : # upgradepkg -- install - new slackware64- compat32/*-compat32/*.t?z
If you also downloaded a directory called slackware 64 - compat32 ( my example “ ” command will have done that ) then you are lucky , because I did the 32 bit package conversion for you already !
All you do is run the command : which will install all the converted 32 - bit Slackware packages ( or upgrade them if you already had installed older multilib packages , for instance when you are upgrading to a newer Slackware ) .
That 's all !
If you can not find a subdirectory called slackware 64 - compat32 then either you did not download it , or the download mirror did not provide it .
In this case , you have to do the 32 - bit package conversion yourself .
Not difficult at all , it takes a few minutes :
The fastest is if you have a local directory with original 32 - bit Slackware packages available ( also called a local mirror ) .
Those who bought an official Slackware DVD can simply use that DVD : it is dual - sided and 32 bit Slackware is on one of the sides .
For the sake of this example I will assume that you have a local 32 bit Slackware directory tree available at “ /home/ftp/pub/slackware/slackware-14.2/slackware / ” .
There should be sub - directories called ' a ' , ' ap ' , ' d ' , 'l ' , 'n ' , 'x ' immediately below this directory .
( If you have mounted a Slackware DVD , your directory will probably be “ / media / SlackDVD / slackware / ” but I will not use that in the example commands below ) .
# mkdir slackware64-compat32 ; cd slackware64 - compat32
Create a new empty directory ( let us call it ' slackware64-compat32 ' ) and change into it : # massconvert32.sh -i /home/ftp/pub/slackware/slackware-14.2/slackware/
Run the following command to create a set of 32 bit compatibility packages , using the directory to the official 32 bit Slackware packages as input : MB of freshly converted 32 - bit Slackware packages which were created in subdirectories below your current directory : # upgradepkg -- install - new *- compat32/*.t?z
The previous step takes a while .
When it ends , proceed to install the 90 of freshly converted 32 - bit Slackware packages which were created in subdirectories below your current directory : Done !
You can now start downloading , installing and running 32 bit programs .
This was not so hard , was it ?
glibc and gcc package names to its package blacklist .
If you do not take this precaution , you run the risk of your package manager accidentally replacing your multilib versions with Slackware 's original pure 64 - bit versions !
If you run Slackware 13.37 or newer , then slackpkg supports regular expressions in the blacklist file .
In that case , a single line in /etc / slackpkg / blacklist will be enough to blacklist all of my packages ( including multilib gcc and glibc packages and all compat32 packages ) : [ 0 - 9 ] +alien [ 0-9 ]+compat32
If you use a package manager like slackpkg you will have to add all theandpackage names to its package blacklist .
If you do not take this precaution , you run the risk of your package manager accidentally replacing your multilib versions with Slackware 's original pure 64 - bit versions !
If you run Slackware 13.37 or newer , then slackpkg supports regular expressions in the blacklist file .
In that case , a single line inwill be enough to blacklist all of my packages ( including multilib gcc and glibc packages and allpackages ) :
On the other hand , if you are using the slackpkg extension called slackpkg + then you should definitely not blacklist these packages , because that prevents slackpkg + from managing them !
URL like this : # massconvert32.sh -u http://someserver.org/path/to/slackware-14.2/slackware
If you are running Slackware 13.1 or newer , and downloaded the compat32 - tools package for that release , the massconvert32.sh script can use a remote webserver to download the 32 - bit Slackware packages from , instead of requiring a local Slackware mirror or a DVD .
You use the “ - u ” parameter to specify the remotelike this :
Detailed instructions
Upgrading glibc and gcc
The following glibc / gcc packages are replacements for - not additions to - standard Slackware packages .
You use the “ upgradepkg ” program to upgrade to my multilib versions of gcc and glibc .
You will need these in order to run ( glibc ) , and build ( gcc ) , 32 - bit software on your 64 - bit Slackware computer :
Slackware64 13.0
The gcc compiler suite : gcc-4.3.3_multilib-x86_64-4alien.txz gcc-g++-4.3.3_multilib-x86_64-4alien.txz gcc-gfortran-4.3.3_multilib-x86_64-4alien.txz gcc-gnat-4.3.3_multilib-x86_64-4alien.txz gcc-java-4.3.3_multilib-x86_64-4alien.txz gcc-objc-4.3.3_multilib-x86_64-4alien.txz
The GNU libc libraries : glibc-2.9_multilib-x86_64-3alien.txz glibc-i18n-2.9_multilib-x86_64-3alien.txz glibc-profile-2.9_multilib-x86_64-3alien.txz glibc-solibs-2.9_multilib-x86_64-3alien.txz glibc-zoneinfo-2.9_multilib-noarch-3alien.txz
Slackware64 13.1
The gcc compiler suite : gcc-4.4.4_multilib-x86_64-1alien.txz gcc-g++-4.4.4_multilib-x86_64-1alien.txz gcc-gfortran-4.4.4_multilib-x86_64-1alien.txz gcc-gnat-4.4.4_multilib-x86_64-1alien.txz gcc-java-4.4.4_multilib-x86_64-1alien.txz gcc-objc-4.4.4_multilib-x86_64-1alien.txz
The GNU libc libraries : glibc-2.11.1_multilib-x86_64-3alien.txz glibc-i18n-2.11.1_multilib-x86_64-3alien.txz glibc-profile-2.11.1_multilib-x86_64-3alien.txz glibc-solibs-2.11.1_multilib-x86_64-3alien.txz glibc-zoneinfo-2.11.1_multilib-noarch-3alien.txz
Slackware64 13.37
The gcc compiler suite : gcc-4.5.2_multilib-x86_64-2alien.txz gcc-g++-4.5.2_multilib-x86_64-2alien.txz gcc-gfortran-4.5.2_multilib-x86_64-2alien.txz gcc-gnat-4.5.2_multilib-x86_64-2alien.txz gcc-java-4.5.2_multilib-x86_64-2alien.txz gcc-objc-4.5.2_multilib-x86_64-2alien.txz
The GNU libc libraries : glibc-2.13_multilib-x86_64-7alien.txz glibc-i18n-2.13_multilib-x86_64-7alien.txz glibc-profile-2.13_multilib-x86_64-7alien.txz glibc-solibs-2.13_multilib-x86_64-7alien.txz
Slackware64 14.0
The gcc compiler suite : gcc-g++-4.7.1_multilib-x86_64-1alien.txz gcc-gfortran-4.7.1_multilib-x86_64-1alien.txz gcc-gnat-4.7.1_multilib-x86_64-1alien.txz gcc-go-4.7.1_multilib-x86_64-1alien.txz gcc-java-4.7.1_multilib-x86_64-1alien.txz gcc-objc-4.7.1_multilib-x86_64-1alien.txz
The GNU libc libraries : glibc-2.15_multilib-x86_64-9alien.txz glibc-i18n-2.15_multilib-x86_64-9alien.txz glibc-profile-2.15_multilib-x86_64-9alien.txz glibc-solibs-2.15_multilib-x86_64-9alien.txz
Slackware64 14.1
The gcc compiler suite : gcc-4.8.2_multilib-x86_64-1alien.txz gcc-g++-4.8.2_multilib-x86_64-1alien.txz gcc-gfortran-4.8.2_multilib-x86_64-1alien.txz gcc-gnat-4.8.2_multilib-x86_64-1alien.txz gcc-go-4.8.2_multilib-x86_64-1alien.txz gcc-java-4.8.2_multilib-x86_64-1alien.txz gcc-objc-4.8.2_multilib-x86_64-1alien.txz
The GNU libc libraries : glibc-2.17_multilib-x86_64-10alien.txz glibc-i18n-2.17_multilib-x86_64-10alien.txz glibc-profile-2.17_multilib-x86_64-10alien.txz glibc-solibs-2.17_multilib-x86_64-10alien.txz
Slackware64 14.2
The gcc compiler suite : gcc-5.3.0_multilib-x86_64-3alien.txz gcc-g++-5.3.0_multilib-x86_64-3alien.txz gcc-gfortran-5.3.0_multilib-x86_64-3alien.txz gcc-gnat-5.3.0_multilib-x86_64-3alien.txz gcc-go-5.3.0_multilib-x86_64-3alien.txz gcc-java-5.3.0_multilib-x86_64-3alien.txz gcc-objc-5.3.0_multilib-x86_64-3alien.txz
The GNU libc libraries : glibc-2.23_multilib-x86_64-1alien.txz glibc-i18n-2.23_multilib-x86_64-1alien.txz glibc-profile-2.23_multilib-x86_64-1alien.txz glibc-solibs-2.23_multilib-x86_64-1alien.txz
Slackware64 current
As long as you do n't see a separate directory named “ current ” you can just use the files in the directory for the most recent stable release .
The gcc compiler suite : gcc-7.1.0_multilib-x86_64-2alien.txz gcc-brig-7.1.0_multilib-x86_64-2alien.txz gcc-g++-7.1.0_multilib-x86_64-2alien.txz gcc-gfortran-7.1.0_multilib-x86_64-2alien.txz gcc-gnat-7.1.0_multilib-x86_64-2alien.txz gcc-go-7.1.0_multilib-x86_64-2alien.txz gcc-objc-7.1.0_multilib-x86_64-2alien.txz
The GNU libc libraries : glibc-2.25_multilib-x86_64-2alien.txz glibc-i18n-2.25_multilib-x86_64-2alien.txz glibc-profile-2.25_multilib-x86_64-2alien.txz glibc-solibs-2.25_multilib-x86_64-2alien.txz
Since the update to gcc 7 , there is no more gcc - java package because its development has ceased .
The glibc - zoneinfo package is not a part of multilib , since it does not contain code .
You need to install Slackware 's stock glibc - zoneinfo package .
All releases of Slackware
There is one additional package that you need to install using the “ installpkg ” program .
The actual version may vary for each release of Slackware , but the package can be found in the same directory where you also find the multilib versions of gcc and glibc :
The “ 32 bit toolkit ” ( scripts that facilitate the creation of 32 bit packages ) compat32- tools-3.7-noarch-1alien.tgz
Adding 32 - bit Slackware libraries
The upgrade of glibc and gcc which I described in the previous section changes your system from “ multilib - ready ” to “ multilib - enabled ” .
Now , all you need to do is to install 32 bit versions of Slackware 's system software so that future 32 bit programs that you are going to install and / or compile will find all the 32 bit libraries they need in order to work .
This is not as simple as grabbing 32 bit Slackware packages and installing them in Slackware64 :
In the first place , you will end up with multiple packages carrying the same name ( two ' mesa ' packages , two ' zlib ' packages , etc… ) which will be confusing to you as well as to the slackpkg package manager .
And furthermore , if the 32 bit package contains binaries ( something like / usr / bin / foo ) , they will overwrite their 64bit counterparts when you install the 32 bit package on top .
It will seriously mess up your system if that happens .
A little bit of extra care is required so that unnecessary / unwanted files are stripped from the 32 bit packages before you install them .
What you need , is a 32 bit package that does not conflict with whatever is already present in 64 bit Slackware .
Hence the name “ 32 bit compatibility package ” .
I decided that it would be a waste of download bandwidth if I created 32 bit compatibility versions of Slackware packages myself .
After all , you have probably bought the Slackware 14.2 DVD so you already possess both 64bit and 32 bit versions of Slackware … or else the 32 bit Slackware tree is available for free download of course Instead , I wrote a few scripts ( parts of the script code were written by Fred Emmott of Slamd64 fame ) and wrapped these into a “ compat32 - tools ” package .
Their purpose is to let you extract the content from any 32 bit Slackware package and use that to create a new package which you can safely install on your 64 bit Slackware .
This “ compat32 - tools ” package needs some explanation .
Please read the detailed ' README ' file in the / usr / doc / compat32 - tools -*/ directory , it will help you on your way .
These are the three useful scripts which the package installs : /etc/ profile.d/32dev.sh
This is the same script that comes with Slamd64 .
It reconfigures your shell environment so that it will be easier for you to compile 32 - bit software ( by preferring the 32 - bit compilers and libraries over their 64 - bit versions )
This script takes a 32 - bit Slackware package and converts it to a ' - compat32 ' package that you can safely install ( using “ installpkg ” ) on Slackware64 , alongside the 64 - bit version of the same software package .
For instance : suppose you need 32 bit libraries that are in the mesa package .
You take the mesa package from 32 - bit Slackware ( x/ mesa -7.5-i486-1.txz ) and then run # convertpkg - compat32 - i / path/to/mesa-7.5-i486-1.txz convertpkg-compat32
This script takes a 32 - bit Slackware package and converts it to a ' - compat32 ' package that you can safely install ( using “ installpkg ” ) on Slackware64 , alongside the 64 - bit version of the same software package .
For instance : suppose you need 32 bit libraries that are in the mesa package .
You take the mesa package from 32 - bit Slackware ( ) and then run which will create a new package called mesa- compat32-7.5-x86_64-1compat32.txz .
This new package ( which is created in your / tmp directory unless you specified another destination ) is basically the old 32 bit package , but stripped from non-essential stuff .
The changed basename ( mesa becomes mesa - compat32 ) allows you to install this new package in Slackware64 where it will co-exist with the 64bit mesa package , not overwriting any files .
The script leaves temporary files in the directory “ /tmp/ package -< prgnam >- compat32 ” which you can safely delete .
This script contains an internal list of what I consider the essential subset of 32 bit Slackware packages .
It uses the above “ convertpkg - compat32 ” script to grab every package that is on this internal list , and convert these into ' - compat32 ' packages .
You need to run this script only once , for example like this ( the example assumes that you mounted your 32 bit Slackware DVD on / mnt / dvd ) : # massconvert32.sh -i /mnt/dvd/slackware -d ~/compat32 massconvert32.shThis script contains an internal list of what I consider the essential subset of 32 bit Slackware packages .
It uses the above “ convertpkg - compat32 ” script to grab every package that is on this internal list , and convert these into ' - compat32 ' packages .
You need to run this script only once , for example like this ( the example assumes that you mounted your 32 bit Slackware DVD on ) :
This action will result in about 150 MB of new packages which you will find inside the newly created directory ~ / compat32 ( the directory 's name is arbitrary of course , I chose it for the sake of this example ) .
These packages comprise the 32bit component of your multilib Slackware 64 system .
They should be installed using “ installpkg ” , and they give you a pretty complete 32 - bit compatibility layer on top of Slackware64 : # installpkg ~/ compat32/*/*.t?z
If you are upgrading from an earlier version of these packages ( because for instance you upgraded your 64 - bit Slackware to a newer release ) then you do not use “ installpkg ” of course , but “ upgradepkg –install - new ” instead : # upgradepkg -- install - new ~/ compat32/*/*.t?z
The “ –install - new ” parameter is needed to install the new compat32 packages which were added between releases .
compat32 packages you will notice that some will show errors about missing files in /etc .
This is “ by design ” , and these errors can be ignored .
These messages are caused by the fact that files in /etc are removed from a “ - compat32 ” package during conversion ( except for pango and gtk+2 ) .
I assume that files in /etc will already have been installed by the original 64 bit packages .
An example of these “ errors ” for the cups - compat32 package : Executing install script for cups - compat32-1.3.11-x86_64-1.txz.
install/doinst.sh : line 5 : [ : too many arguments cat : etc/cups / interfaces :
Is a directory cat : etc/cups / ppd :
Is a directory cat : etc/cups/ssl :
Is a directory cat : etc/cups/*.new :
No such file or directory cat : etc/dbus-1/system.d/cups.conf.new :
No such file or directory chmod : cannot access `etc/rc.d/rc.cups.new ' :
No such file or directory cat : etc/rc.d/rc.cups.new :
No such file or directory Package cups - compat32-1.3.11-x86_64-1.txz installed .
When installing thepackages you will notice that some will show errors about missing files in .
This is “ by design ” , and these errors can be ignored .
These messages are caused by the fact that files inare removed from a “ - compat32 ” package during conversion ( except for pango and gtk+2 ) .
I assume that files inwill already have been installed by the original 64 bit packages .
An example of these “ errors ” for thepackage :
If you were considering to use the convertpkg - compat32 script to convert a non-Slackware package to a - compat32 package , I must strongly advise against this .
The script is written with a single purpose and that is to make 32 bit versions of the official Slackware64 binaries / libraries available in a multilib setup .
As such , the script will remove a lot of stuff that is present in the original 32 bit package - stuff which is expected to have been installed as part of the 64bit version of the package .
In almost all cases where you have downloaded a non-Slackware 32 bit package and want to make it work on Slackware64 , the best way is to find the sources and build a 64 bit version of the package .
Alternatively , just install the original 32 bit package instead of trying to “ convert it ” and then run it from the commandline to find out any missing 32 bit libraries you may still have to extract from an official Slackware package .
Running 32 - bit programs
Running a pre-compiled 32 - bit program is easy after you 've done the above system preparation .
Just download , install and run it !
At times , you may run into a program that requires a certain 32 - bit Slackware library that you do not yet have available .
In that case , find out which 32 bit Slackware package contains this missing library .
Use the “ convertpkg - compat32 ” script to convert that original 32 bit Slackware package and install the resulting 32 bit “ compatibility ” package on Slackware64 .
Compiling 32 - bit programs
In case you need to compile a 32 - bit program ( wine and grub are two examples of open source programs that are 32 - bit only ) you first configure root 's shell environment by running the command : # .
/etc/profile.d/32dev.sh
Note the ' dot ' at the beginning of the line - that is actually part of the commandline !
The use of the dot is equivalent to the ' source ' command .
Running this command changes or creates several environment variables .
The effect of this is , that 32 - bit versions of binaries are preferred over 64 bit binaries when you compile source code - you will be running a 32 bit compilation .
The effect will last until you logout from your root shell .
In this changed environment , you will be able to use standard SlackBuilds to build 32 - bit packages for Slackware64 .
There 's a couple of things to keep in mind :
You have to define the ARCH variable as ' i486 ' because even on your ' x 86_64 ' computer you are compiling a 32 - bit program !
This is related to the triplet of “ $ ARCH - slackware - linux ” which is normally used in the “ configure ” command .
As an exception , you will have to compile the “ wine ” package with ' ARCH=x86_64 ' because you will install this package directly on your multilib computer without converting to a ' compat32 ' package .
# convertpkg - compat32 -i / path/to/your/fresh/foo-VERSION-i486-BUILD.tgz # upgradepkg -- install - new /tmp/foo-compat32-VERSION-x86_64-BUILDcompat32.txz
If you want to install this 32 - bit package on Slackware 64 - multilib you will have to convert it to a ' compat32 ' package :
Caveats
After installing the “ - compat32 ” packages , you may have to re-install your binary Nvidia or Ati video X. Org drivers .
These driver packages contain both 64bit and 32 bit libraries to be maximally useful on a 64 bit multilib OS .
If you installed the driver files for both architectures , the “ mesa - compat32 ” package will overwrite some of the 32 bit library files .
On the other hand , if you originally only installed the 64bit driver libraries for your Nvidia / Ati card , it is recommended after installation of the multilib packages , to re-install the binary driver package .
This time , choose to install the 32 bit driver files as well .
The graphical 32 bit applications that you are going to run on your multilib installation will require these 32 bit driver libraries .
Crashes are likely to occur if you fail to install the correct files .
If you want to compile your 64 bit kernel yourself , be sure to compile 32 bit emulation capability into it or else multilib will mysteriously fail .
You will need this piece of kernel configuration : CONFIG_IA32_EMULATION
Packages converted by massconvert32.sh
This is the list of packages that is converted into “ - compat32 ” versions by the massconvert32.sh script .
Note that some of these packages are not part of Slackware 13.0 or 13.1 , they were added in a later Slackware version so they will produce a “* FAIL : package ' package_name ' was not found ! ” message when you run the script on an older release .
The other way round is true as well - some packages have been removed in later versions of Slackware and they will also trigger the “ * FAIL : package ' package_name ' was not found ! ” message .
Do n't worry about that .
#
The A/ series : aaa_elflibs attr bzip2 cups cxxlibs dbus e2 fsprogs eudev libgudev openssl - solibs udev util - linux xz #
The AP / series : cups cups - filters flac mariadb mpg123 mysql sqlite #
The D/ series : libtool llvm opencl - headers #
The L/ series : SDL2 alsa - lib alsa -oss alsa - plugins atk audiofile cairo dbus - glib elfutils esound expat ffmpeg fftw freetype fribidi gamin gc gdk - pixbuf2 giflib glib2 gmp gnome - keyring gtk + 2 gst-plugins - base gst-plugins - base0 gst-plugins - good gst-plugins - good0 gst-plugins - libav gstreamer gstreamer0 hal harfbuzz icu4c jasper json-c lame lcms lcms2 libaio libart_lgpl libasyncns libclc libedit libelf libexif libffi libglade libgphoto2 libidn libieee1284 libjpeg libjpeg - turbo libmng libmpc libnl3 libnotify libogg libpcap libpng libsamplerate libsndfile libtasn1 libtermcap libtiff libunistring libusb libvorbis libxml2 libxslt lzo ncurses ocl - icd openjpeg orc pango popt pulseaudio python - six qt readline sbc sdl seamonkey - solibs speexdsp startup - notification svgalib v4l - utils zlib #
The N / series : curl cyrus - sasl gnutls libgcrypt libgpg - error libtirpc nettle openldap - client openssl p11 - kit samba #
The X / series : fontconfig freeglut glew glu libFS libICE libSM libX11 libXScrnSaver libXTrap libXau libXaw libXcomposite libXcursor libXdamage libXdmcp libXevie libXext libXfixes libXfont libXfont2 libXfontcache libXft libXi libXinerama libXmu libXp libXpm libXprintUtil libXrandr libXrender libXres libXt libXtst libXv libXvMC libXxf86d ga libXxf86 misc libXxf86 vm libdmx libdrm libepoxy libfontenc libinput libpciaccess libva libva - intel - driver libvdpau libxcb libxshmfence mesa pixman vulkan - sdk xcb-util #
The XAP / series : sane
Multilib download mirrors
You can download the multilib packages from ( at least ) these locations : http://slackware.com/~alien/multilib/
http://bear.alienbase.nl/mirrors/people/alien/multilib/
http://slackware.uk/people/alien/multilib/
http://alien.slackbook.org/slackware/multilib/
http://slackbuilds.org/mirror/alien/multilib/
I will quote the site :
“ Compat32pkg is an automated tool that provides all the necessary for managing ( converting , installing , upgrading , removing ) the 32 - bit part of AlienBob 's multilib for slackware - 64 , and all 32 - bit packages from Slackware - 32 for which users could find a needs into a 64 - bit environment , like firefox , seamonkey , jre , … ” Sėbastien Ballet has written a tool called compat32 pkg .
On his web site he has compat32pkg available for download as well as extensive documentation about how to use it on Slackware64 .
I will quote the site : “ Compat32pkg is an automated tool that provides all the necessary for managing ( converting , installing , upgrading , removing ) the 32 - bit part of AlienBob 's multilib for slackware - 64 , and all 32 - bit packages from Slackware - 32 for which users could find a needs into a 64 - bit environment , like firefox , seamonkey , jre , … ”
There is also slackpkg + , written by Matteo Rossini ( nicknamed zerouno ) with contributions from ( among others ) Sėbastien Ballet .
This is a plugin for Slackware 's own slackpkg which adds the capability for installing packages from external ( 3rd - party ) unofficial Slackware repositories .
It has good support for adding multilib to your 64 - bit Slackware and keeping it up to date .
Translations
Bruno Russo translated this article to portuguese ( brazil ) : http://www.brunorusso.eti.br/slackware/doku.php?id=multilib_para_o_slackware_x86_64
Mehdi Esmaeelpour translated this article to persian : http://www.slack-world.com/index.php/articles/43-general-system/85-multilib-slackware64
Patrick FONIO and Sebastien BALLET translated this article to french : http://wiki.slackware-fr.org/avance:articles:slackware64-multilib
Acknowledgements
Different portraits of some of the tens of thousands of Muslim worshippers carrying prayer mats over their heads to protect themselves from the blazing sun , as they arrive at the al - Aqsa mosques in Jerusalem 's Old City
Credit : AFP / GETTY
Driving laws go into effect Tuesday across Texas New driving laws go into effect Tuesday
Starting Tuesday , everyone in car must buckle up
Starting Tuesday , using a cell phone while driving through a school - crossing zone could cost you $ 200 .
It 's one of hundreds of new laws going on the books from the Texas legislative session that ended nearly three months ago .
The 81st Legislature produced 1,426 new laws , many of them dealing with driving or enhancing punishments for violations of existing statutes .
Among the new laws taking effect :
No cell zones
• HB 55 : Prohibits the use of a cell phone in a school zone unless the vehicle is stopped or a hands - free device is used .
Eyes on the road
• HB 339 : Prohibits teens under 18 from texting or talking on a cell phone while driving .
Space saver
• HB 358 : Allows law enforcement authorities to store only the computer chips in gambling machines that have been seized , rather than storing the whole machine .
Buckle up
• HB 537 : Requires everyone in a vehicle to wear a seatbelt , regardless of age or where he or she is seated .
Ed Board online
• HB 772 : Requires the Texas Education Agency to broadcast over the Internet live video and audio of each open meeting held by the State Board of Education .
Drink up
• HB 1084 : Increases the maximum amount of wine a winery may ship to the same consumer in Texas from three gallons to nine gallons within a calendar month and to establish 36 gallons as the maximum amount that can be shipped to the same consumer within a 12 - month period .
Bringing up baby
• HB 1240 : Requires a hospital , physician , nurse midwife or midwife to provide the parents or adult caregiver of an infant with a resource guide that includes information in English and Spanish relating to the development , health and safety of a child from birth until age 5 .
The bill also requires the Health and Human Services Commission to develop performance measures to evaluate the effectiveness of the resource guide in reducing costs to the state and improving outcomes for children .
Permission to tan
• HB 1310 : A person younger than 16.5 years may not use a tanning facility .
A person between 16.5 and 18 years may not use a tanning device unless a parent or legal guardian visits the facility and consents in writing for the person to use the device .
Wrongful imprisonment compensation
• HB 1736 : Increases the lump - sum compensation for a person wrongfully imprisoned from $ 50,000 multiplied by the number of years served in prison to $ 80,000 multiplied by the number of years served in prison .
Out of line online
• HB 2003 : Makes online harassment a third - degree felony for a person who uses the name of another person to create a Web page or to post one or more messages on a commercial social networking site without obtaining the other person 's consent with the intent to harm , defraud , intimidate or threaten any person .
Higher penalty
• HB 2385 : Punishment for engaging in sexual intercourse with a person 's ancestor or descendant would increase from a third - degree felony to a second - degree felony .
Child safety seats
• SB 61 : Requires that any child younger than 8 be secured in an approved child safety seat system when riding in a passenger vehicle , unless the child is taller than four feet , nine inches .
A violation will cost up to $ 25 for the first offense and not more than $ 250 for a second offense .
gscharrer@express-news.net
The touchscreen tablet PC that TechCrunch founder Mike Arrington decided to build himself will be available in November , according to an article in Singapore newspaper The Straits Times .
Arrington launched the project a year ago , on his sense that the public demand for a $ 200 tablet PC was so strong , yet so overlooked by the tech industry , that there was a huge business opportunity for a product that could be launched with relatively low capital .
To build the device , Arrington teamed up with Singapore startup Fusion Garage , whose homepage features the slogan , “ What if the browser could boot without the OS ?
How different would the world be ? ”
Here ’s the Straits ’ description of the CrunchPad , of which reporter Tan Weizhen was allowed to see a prototype .
The fully working model , called a Crunchpad , has a 12 - inch screen and weighs 1.2kg .
It allows users to watch YouTube videos , listen to music and edit documents , among other things .
Its operating system , or OS , was also developed in - house .
The device will not have storage space — which some analysts have pegged as a big drawback — and will instead run programs hosted on servers : so - called cloud computing .
This means that editing a document , for instance , requires users to access the relevant software via the Internet .
Once a document is completed , it will be saved via the Internet too .
The CrunchPad also has a 3G wireless connection for network access .
Price for the device has crept continually upward , from $ 200 at its inception to $ 300 a few weeks ago , to $ 400 according to the Straits Times .
Also , the CrunchPad now faces competition , if Valley gossip can be believed , from Apple .
The Apple rumor network says it ’ll be in stores in September and will resemble “ an oversize iPod Touch . ”
Price is uncertain , but Apple CEO Steve Jobs has been quoted as saying there ’s no way to build a computer for below $ 500 that ’s “ not a piece of junk . ”
( Business Insider claims the price will be $ 600 - 700 , and will be less dependent on a constant Internet connection than the CrunchPad . )
At this point , the CrunchPad is the device that seems a sure thing to arrive .
But without a major brand name behind it , it ’ll be a lot harder to sell than whatever Apple produces .
And it ’s unlikely that Arrington ’s CrunchPad startup will be able to afford the massive ad campaign Apple would devote to its hypothetical tablet .
Arrington ’s brazen little project will have only one clear advantage : Techies love an underdog .
He ’s going to get lots of free marketing .
[ Photo from The Straits Times ]
Lori Adelman at Feministing is taking on Google for its strange policy of banning abortion providers from advertising on Google AdWords in specific countries .
Advertisement
Google AdWords is the network responsible for the weird and often unrelated advertisements that pop up in Gmail and next to " relevant " search results .
In 2008 , AdWords changed its policy so that it no longer allows ads for any kind of abortion services in over a dozen countries .
Adelman writes :
I 'm pretty disturbed by Google 's ability to withhold information about reproductive health services in these countries without justification or accountability .
Call me crazy , but it seems to me that women living in the countries in question should be granted the same access to reproductive health services as women in other parts of the world .
Advertisement
Although abortion services are not blocked on Google searches ( not to mention that internet ads are probably not the best place to look for medical services ) , there is still something unsavory about Google 's decision to prohibit advertisements for certain controversial services in some regions of the world but not others .
Adelman emailed Google to try to figure out why these particular countries were chosen for the advertising censorship .
A representative responded :
The issue of abortion is an emotive subject and Google does not take a particular side .
Last September , we reviewed our abortion ads policy in order to make sure it was fair , up to date and consistent with local customs and practices .
Following the review we decided to amend our policy , creating a level playing field and enabling religious associations to place ads on abortion in a factual way .
We decided to disallow ads for abortion services , such as abortion clinics , in the following markets : Germany , Poland , Hong Kong , Taiwan , Singapore , Malaysia , Philippines , Indonesia , Argentina , Brazil , Mexico , Peru , France , Italy and Spain .
However , general , factual ads on abortion continued to be allowed and we also enabled religious associations to place ads on abortion in a factual way .
When pressed , they did not give a more illuminating answer , but simply said : " we conducted the review and made the change to ensure our policy was fair , up - to - date , consistent with local laws and codes of practice . "
Feministing urges readers to email Google ( press@google.com ) to urge them to alter their standards .
Google AdWords Policy Disallows Ads For Abortion Services
In Over A Dozen Countries [ Feministing ]
Loran Archer has long been one of America 's leading experts on alcoholism , serving in key positions at NIAAA after being recruited from the position of Director of the California Office of Alcoholism .
In the later 1980s , he was :
Deputy Director
National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism
Alcohol , Drug Abuse , and Mental Health Administration
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
He is one of the contributors to ALCOHOL REPORTS , an international website dedicated to providing current information on news , newsletters , reports , publications , abstracts of peer - reviewed research articles and data briefs concerning alcoholism and alcohol - related problems throughout the world :
USA
- Loran Archer
- Thomasina Borkman
- Tom Colhurst
- Jared Lobdell
- Albert Pawlowski
- Don Phillips
CANADA
- Tim Stockwell
FRANCE
- Philippe Arvers
SOUTH ASIA
- Prasantha De Silva
UNITED KINGDOM
- Libby Ranzetta
FETAL ALCOHOL SPECTRUM DISORDERS
- Peggy Seo Oba
EMPLOYEE ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS
- Paul M Roman
The Unique Autosports pool table comes with glowing neon , shiny rims , chrome exhaust pipes , a and a whole lot of heavy metal ; the perfect accompaniment to any corporate mover and shaker ’s man room .
Price on asking , after you have discussed materials , etc .
In case you did n’t know , that means it is really , really expensive .
For the record , their Predator Pool Table , which is constructed from somewhat cheaper materials is priced in the $ 40 k range .
[ ad#3_social_compact ]
[ Born Rich ]
The atmosphere Thursday night was just like fans wanted it to be : like a regular season game .
At the first training camp practice open to the public at Invesco Field at Mile High since 2004 , fans drank beer , ate nachos and even booed .
It seems like football season has already started .
The Broncos ’ organization did n’t expect an overwhelming number of fans for the practice .
But 13,402 showed up to watch what the team has been working on as the season draws closer .
“ It ’s a whole new offense .
It ’s a whole new coach .
It ’s a whole new organization , and it ’s novel , ” said Bill Lugsch , who has had Broncos season tickets for the past 47 years .
“ There ’s going to be a lot of interest . ”
People continued to show up long after the gates opened at 5:30 p.m. , many having to snake their way past the long concession lines .
Because only 3,000 people were expected , only two concession stands were operating .
Later , a few extra beer stands were opened .
But the lines did n’t deter fans from sitting in the pleasant weather , close to the field , to get a sneak peek at the team .
For some , this was the only time they would be at the stadium to watch the Broncos , citing the price to get in — free — as the reason they were able to attend .
“ The Broncos did right by the fans , ” Justin Colgrove said after the practice .
For Craig Sinsabaugh , the practice was a highlight of his trip from Albuquerque .
“ Denver fans need a reason to get excited , ” he said , noting the mood appeared to be great in the seats .
Although all training camp practices have been open to the public , this was the first time so many people in one venue have seen the new coach , the new offense and the new quarterback .
And some were n’t extremely pleased with Kyle Orton ’s abilities .
“ We ’re optimistic that he got all of his bad throws out tonight , ” Patrick Sullivan said .
“ I ’m glad it was practice . ”
The boos started after two throws by Orton were picked off .
In a town where fans live for that 16 - game season , they are longing for a team they can be proud of , especially after the coaching turmoil and quarterback drama during the offseason .
“ I ’m an optimist , ” Rick Martinez said .
“ I ’m going to say 10 - 6 ( record ) .
I ’m just talking with my heart . ”
The beer was cold and the orange and blue T - shirts were out .
The fans got a preview and are ready to see their team in game action .
Anica Wong : 303-954-1720 or awong@denverpost.com
This article has been corrected in this online archive .
Originally , due to a reporting error it had an inaccuracy regarding the historical context of the Broncos practice at Invesco Field .
It was the team ’s first practice at the stadium that was open to the public since 2004 .
Individuals suffering from anhedonia , a key symptom of depression , are less likely to pursue rewards if effort is required to obtain the reward .
Credit : Michael Treadway , Vanderbilt University
New research indicates that decreased cravings for pleasure may be at the root of a core symptom of major depressive disorder .
The research is in contrast to the long - held notion that those suffering from depression lack the ability to enjoy rewards , rather than the desire to seek them .
The research , led by Vanderbilt psychologists Michael Treadway and David Zald , was published Aug. 12 by the online journal PLoS One .
" This initial study shows that decreased reward processing , which is a core symptom of depression , is specifically related to a reduced willingness to work for a reward , " Treadway , a graduate student in psychology , said .
Decreased motivation to seek and experience pleasurable experiences , known as anhedonia , is a primary symptom of major depressive disorder .
Anhedonia is less responsive to many antidepressants and often persists after other symptoms of depression subside .
However , understanding the different components of anhedonia - the desire to obtain something pleasurable versus experiencing pleasure - has been difficult for researchers to determine in humans .
" In the last decade and a half , animal models have found that the neurotransmitter dopamine , long known to be involved in reward processing , is involved in craving or motivation , but not necessarily enjoyment , " Treadway said .
" To date , research into reward processing in individuals with anhedonia has focused on enjoyment of rewards , rather than assessing the drive to work for them .
We think this task is one of the first to do that . "
Treadway and his colleagues devised the Effort - Expenditure for Rewards Task , or EEfRT , to explore the role of reduced desire and motivation in individuals reporting symptoms of anhedonia .
EEfRT involved having individuals play a simple video game that gave them a chance to choose between two different tasks , one hard , one difficult , to obtain monetary rewards .
Participants were eligible but not guaranteed to receive money each time they completed a task successfully .
The " hard " task required pressing a button 100 times within 21 seconds using one 's non-dominant little finger and carried a potentially higher reward than the easy task , which required pressing a button 30 times in seven seconds using one 's dominant index finger .
The subjects were told at the beginning of each trial whether they had a high , medium or low probability of winning a prize if they successfully completed the trial .
The participants could choose which trials they completed and were given 20 minutes to perform as many tasks as possible .
The researchers found that subjects who reported symptoms consistent with anhedonia where less willing to make choices requiring greater effort in exchange for greater reward , particularly when the rewards were uncertain .
" Consistent with our hypotheses , we found that individuals with self - reported anhedonia made fewer hard - task choices , " the authors wrote .
" These findings are consistent with theoretical models linking anhedonia to decreased ( dopamine levels ) . "
" By addressing the motivational dimension of anhedonia , our findings suggest a plausible theoretical connection between dopamine deficiency and reward processing in depression , which may eventually help us better understand how anhedonia responds to treatment , " Treadway said .
Source : Vanderbilt University ( news : web )
Explore further Brain response to information about the future suggests that ignorance is n't bliss
An attractive 16 - year - old Muslim teenager was stabbed to death 23 times by her elder brother " to protect the family 's honour " after he tricked her in to meeting him at a McDonald 's burger bar car park .
Dark haired Morsal Obeidi was the daughter of an Afghan jet fighter pilot who fled the country after the Taleban came to power .
Together with his wife and five children the father settled in Hamburg , Germany in 1994 where Morsal grew up .
But although she had no problems adjusting to life in a European city her brother Ahmad ( 24 ) continually got in to trouble with police .
By the time he had tricked her in to meeting him , Ahmad had 30 convictions for assault and burglary .
These also included a conviction for attacking a man with a knife after a drunken night out .
At his trial which started recently in a Hamburg Court Ahmad continually broke down in tears in front of the judge and jury where he is facing murder charges .
If convicted he faces a sentence of life imprisonment .
The court was told dark - haired Morsal liked listening to Western music and wearing make up .
She also wore mini-skirts and tight jeans and enjoyed going out to discos with pals she met at school .
But instead Ahmad wanted her to wear a veil and go to a mosque for daily prayers .
Although he enjoyed going out drinking with his mates Ahmad did not think it was suitable for his sister to do the same .
The so - called ' honour killing ' was allegedly the tragic end to Ahmad 's violence against his young and pretty sister .
Public prosecutor Boris Bochnick told the court
that in the months leading up to the murder Ahmad had kicked Moral several times , hit her and also threatened her with a knife .
He said : " The accused told his young sister to come to the parking lot at around 11 pm ( on May 15 2008 ) , where he asked her if she worked as a prostitute .
He thought her reply was ' rubbish ' and started to viciously attack her with a knife without warning . "
Keep fit- fanatic
Ahmad rammed a seven - inch long knife into his sister 's body 23 times — in her stomach , backside , arms , legs , heart and lungs .
Morsal bled to death at the scene of the crime .
But a friend of her brother 's who had brought her to the McDonald 's car park witnessed the attack .
The man , named only as Mohammed , spent a short time after the murder wandering through the night before going to a police station , where he was interrogated for six hours .
Finally , racked by guilt , he told detectives it was his pal Ahmad who had killed Morsal .
A few hours later armed police stood at the door of Ahmad Obeidi 's apartment .
He allowed them to take him into custody without any resistence and , the court was told , later confessed to killing his own sister .
One police officer said it seemed Ahmad had been waiting for them to turn up and arrest him for murder and confessed to the killing " because she had disconnected herself from the family " .
Ahmad was said to be ashamed of his sister for wearing " inappropriate " clothing , although he himself has a history of criminal behaviour .
Judge Wolfgang Backen read out his list of previous crimes : theft , several cases of actual and grievous bodily harm , stabbing a man and drink - driving .
Throughout the hearing Morsel 's father Ghulam and her mother Nargis sobbed and cried .
At one stage they had to leave the court when they could no longer bear to listen to the evidence and broke down outside crying hysterically .
The court was told Morsal Obeidi tried to lead the kind of life she believed was correct and behave typically like the other teenage girls in her school .
She wanted to become integrated in to the society in which she lived .
Although Morsal 's brother has pleaded guilty to killing her , his defence is that he did not plan it but that it happened on the spur of the moment and was an " honour " killing .
If the jury agrees it could make the difference between a guilty verdict of manslaughter or murder .
Belfast Telegraph
Dear Gads !
It ’s enormous !
Up to six foot across !
Say “ how do you do ” to the coconut crab … the world ’s biggest land crab … indeed the world ’s biggest land arthropod .
Unbelievably it ’s actually a type of hermit crab , yes those wee things you see skedaddling around the shoreline with a seashell house on their back .
Of course the coconut crab would probably need a four door family hatchback as a shell so it gave up on that idea quite some time ago .
The coconut crab is so called because it eats coconuts … and it ’s a crab .
The thing about coconuts is that they are tough , really bloody tough .
And the thing about things that can open up coconuts is that they are strong , really bloody strong .
Incredibly the coconut crab can crack coconuts by hammering at them with its claw , or if it ’s being a particularly stubborn bugger it will carry it up a tree and drop it .
Incidentally the coconut crab is n’t the only creature to try this clever ploy , bearded vultures will rakishly use the same technique to open up tortoises .
Not great news for tortoises , or indeed for the Greek playwright Aeschylus who having fought bravely to smite Persian hordes and drive them from his beloved homeland … was later brained by a falling tortoise .
Enough about the Greeks , let ’s get back to that chap that eats things that are also thick and hairy .
The coconut crab is also known as the robber crab as it apparently has a penchant for petty thievery .
If you are unlucky enough to have your pocket watch snaffled by this rascal I can only advise you to let him have it .
‘ Have you gone soft in your old age Sir Pilkington , you ’ve run many a rapscallion through for much less ’
I hear you cry !
Well the thing about the coconut crab is that he ’s big … very big … in fact he ’s as big as a land animal with an exoskeleton can get , that ’s the shell - like armour plating on insects and what not … so the good news is that they do n’t get any bigger than this chap I guess .
Naturally , being a massive crab , it has massive pincers , as I ’ve mentioned they are strong enough to crack coconuts .
If you are ever unlucky enough to be nipped by one of these buggers , it ’s common practice to scream bloody murder .
Of course that wo n’t be enough to get the sod to let go , as quite frankly he does n’t give a damn for all your wailing and does n’t want to .
Locals thankfully have come up with a cunning ploy , they ’ve found that the only way to get them to stop is to tickle them , of course when something that cracks coconuts for a living is attempting to cleave your toe in two … the hardest thing to do is trying to muster up a big smile , tickle its tummy and say ‘ cudgy cudgy coo . ’
‘ X - ray vision ’ may not be so far away …
Fascinating and disturbing news from the MIT Technology Review blog that a team of researchers appears to have cracked the problem of how to produce cheap , effective Terahertz Wave ( TW ) cameras and receivers .
TW are found between infrared and microwave radiation , and produce what we called in A Report on the Surveillance Society , a ‘ virtual strip search ’ , as they penetrate under layers of clothing but not much further , and can thus produce images of the body ‘ stripped ’ of clothing .
Thus far , they ’ve been used on an experimental basis in some airports and not really any further afield .
This is largely because of the way that TW waves have been detected up until now has basically been a bit of a kludge , a side - effect of another process .
This has meant that TW equipment has been generally quite large and non-portable ( amongst other things ) .
However one Michel Dyakonov of the University of Montpellier II in France has followed up theoretical work he did in the 1990s , with a new larger team , to show that tiny ( nanoscale ) ‘ field effect transistors ’ can – and they are still not quite sure how exactly – both produce and detect TW .
The details are in Technology Review , but the crucial thing for those interested in surveillance is that :
the output is ‘ good enough for video ’ ; and ‘ they can be built into arrays using standard silicon CMOS technology ’ which means small , cheap ( and highly portable ) equipment .
This could be an add - on to standard video cameras .
I ’m getting a genie - out - of - bottles feeling with this , but is it really as damaging to personal privacy as it feels ?
Does this really ‘ reveal ’ anything truly important ?
Or will it become something to which we rapidly become accustomed , and indeed with with which we quickly get bored ?
In some cultures , specially those that regard covering the body and modesty as being god -given , this is clearly going to present massive challenges to social and moral norms .
It seems to me that there is also an immediate conflict with current constitutional and legal rights in several jurisdictions , not least the US Fourth Amendment right not to be subjected to warrantless searches and the European Convention Article Eight on the right to privacy .
But it seems that unless such a technology is banned , or at least particular commercial implementations , we ’re about to cross another Rubicon almost before we ’ve noticed it has happened .
Ironically bans on technology can only really be effective in states where intensive surveillance and state control of behaviour is practiced .
In other places , I am not sure banning can be effective even if it were desirable , as in reality , a ban simply means reserving the use of the technology to criminals , large corporations which can afford to flout laws , and the state .
Posted July 06 , 2009
A couple of days ago , I posted a short article on the importance of cover letters in Fog Creek 's hiring process .
I was hoping it would be an informative glimpse into how our resume screening works .
I have to admit , I 'm rather surprised and disappointed at the responses I got about it .
Responses seemed to come from two different groups .
One , which was mostly held over at Hacker News , generated good discussion on the value of cover letters in various hiring situations .
These were the types of responses that I was hoping for .
Some people agreed with me , some disagreed , and both gave good reasons why , which I found informative , and I 'm hoping other people did as well .
The other group , from the Programming Reddit , was far more hostile .
Some people immediately assumed that I was writing the article because something was wrong with our process , that our criteria are completely unreasonable , and that we should be able to determine everything we need to know from a Word - template resume .
Some seemed to think that we were missing all the good candidates because of our criteria .
The truth is , we 've probably passed over a small few that we would have hired .
But that 's ok ; it 's better to err on the side of false negatives than false positives .
Others told me that that instead of suggesting that applicants include a cover letter to increase their chances ( which any career counselor will tell you is a good idea ) , that we should change our hiring process to make it easier for people to apply .
For some companies , this might make sense ; if they 're just trying to find warm bodies to fill cubicles it would be exactly the right suggestion .
But we like to be a bit more selective .
And I 'm personally motivated to be more selective .
As a developer , I will often be working , directly or indirectly , with the people that I hire .
That means the better developers we hire , the easier and more interesting my job will be .
So if I have two candidates in front of me , one that included a cover letter about how he hand - rolled his own blog , comments , and feed aggregator for fun to learn a new framework , and another that just sends a resume with a one - liner in the body of the email , I 'm going to be much more inclined to say " hire " for the guy with the cover letter , even if the second guy 's resume is a bit better .
Similarly , I 'll be more likely to say " hire " to the Eagle Scout , triathlete developer than a candidate who bludgeons me with all of their " accomplishments " .
Another group of commentors seem to find writing cover letters too tedious to bother with .
Instead , they 'll find jobs through networking , or the jobs will just come to them .
Personally , I would be highly dubious of a company that hires simply based on who you know .
That seems like the kind of company where you end up working with the boss 's nephew who is " good with computers " .
A company 's hiring process is usually a pretty good indicator of what kind of talent it employs , and thus the kind of quality the company has .
The higher the bar , the better the talent , the more interesting the company .
I 'm sure you can find exceptions , but that 's all they are , exceptions to the rule .
Both responses betray some sense of entitlement .
They seem to think that a company should cater to its applicants , failing to understand the meaning of the word " apply " .
Sure , we should also advertise why the candidate would want to work for us , and we do .
But good jobs are not hand outs .
We want the best developers we can find , and we 'll gladly pass over a few good ones to find one great one .
As an employee , that 's one of the best benefits a company could offer .
Overall , I 'm disappointed at the end result .
But it did expose some interesting differences in communities .
Hacker News took what was intended as helpful advice and created an interesting discussion around it , with good points and information on various views of hiring processes .
Proggit , on the other hand , jumped into trolling and name - calling , and the community supported it .
Personally , I do n't really mind ; I 've been called an idiot on the internet before and I 'm sure I will again .
But I think an opportunity to have a good and relevant discussion was missed .
To the Editor :
“ Binge Drinking on Campus ” ( editorial , July 1 ) suggests “ stronger bans on under - age drinking . ”
What does this mean ?
Imposing curfews ?
Checking students ’ bags at the entrances of dorms ?
You ca n’t really influence students ’ drinking habits without turning campuses into police states .
It seems that the Amethyst Initiative signatories  a group of college presidents who are urging reconsideration of the drinking age  recognize the futility of an outright ban on student alcohol usage and want to address the issue without criminalizing the majority of their undergraduate populations .
This is a reasonable goal , regardless of how the drinking age affects 18 - to 21 - year - olds who do not attend school .
Matt Hoffman
Wallingford , Conn. , July 1 , 2009
The writer is a student at Boston University .

To the Editor :
By what standard is a law successful if it is consciously and repeatedly broken by nearly half of the citizens it is intended to govern ?
In every regard but one , we as a nation have determined that 18 - year - olds are ready to assume the rights and responsibilities of adult citizenship .
By withholding adult status with respect to responsible drinking , we consign our 18 - to 20 - year - olds to a superannuated childhood , without the benefit of parental supervision .
Is it a wonder that some choose to act irresponsibly , when that ’s the behavior our legislation anticipates ?
Do It Yourself Devotion : About The Anthology
Early in the summer of 2007 , we at Starmen .
Net launched a massive campaign to unify the EarthBound fanbase .
We called it the EB Siege , and the goal was to ensure that every EB fan let Nintendo know what they wanted .
Media interest in EarthBound , which had died down following the Do It Yourself Devotion announcement ( which emerged to huge fanfare as the MOTHER 3 Fan Translation two years later ) needed to be rekindled .
With that in mind , Jon Kay came up with an idea for a kind of " portfolio " for EarthBound , like an informational art album .
For the next month , Jon worked overtime pulling together the book 's design , layout , content , and art .
In the meantime , the Starmen .
Net staff worked on the content , bringing EarthBound 's story together as a cohesive narrative and writing captions for each of the hundreds of pieces of fanart which gilded the back pages .
We also set an ambitious goal : to get a copy of the book in front of as many gaming media members as possible before E3 .
Jon 's incredible work ethic saw the EarthBound Anthology completed in less than a month .
In the meantime , the fanbase undertook an equally impressive task : raising nearly $ 7,500 in donations in just two weeks ( the original goal was $ 2,500 ) .
With cash in hand , a completed book , and just over a week until E3 , the mysterious " uberSiege " project ( which was still under wraps ) kicked into high gear .
While dozens of copies of the full - color , 268 - page book were being printed through an online publisher , Jon worked feverishly to compile DVD 's to accompany them .
Each book came with 4 discs brimming with fan - made music , art , videos , and more .
Everything came together at the last second , and the books were overnighted to dozens of gaming companies and publishers , including EGM , IGN , Gamespot , Destructoid , and Nintendo .
The results were great -- old and new media alike picked up on the story of our devotion , and our website traffic steadily increased as anticipation of EarthBound 's VC re-release mounted .
That day never came , though .
Nintendo had one final , crushing disappointment in store for the fans ( whose oppression was already well documented ) .
As we explained in The Sad Story of EarthBound on the Virtual Console , the game is unlikely to ever emerge on the virtual console , barring a break in the stalemate between NoA and NCL .
In spite of a seemingly endless stream of disappointments and letdowns , the EarthBound fanbase remains as strong and optimistic as ever .
This online version of the Anthology was posted as the final bonus for the 2009 EBFGP , a yearly event in which the community plays through EarthBound together over the course of a month .
The 2009 event drew thousands of visitors , hundreds of whom would tune in daily to watch the live broadcasts by various community members .
During the final broadcast -- the battle with Giygas -- Starmen .
Net cofounder Reid Young gave out his phone number , asking EarthBound fans to text him with anything they felt like sharing .
Once the final battle started a few hours later , the text messages became a constant , steady stream , with hundreds of well - wishes , thank - yous , and prayers coming in from all over the globe .
There never was a greater illustration of the EarthBound community 's spirit , and its in that same spirit that we ( finally ! ) commit this book to the public .
Stay classy , EarthBound fans !
Click to email this to a friend ( Opens in new window )
YOUNG , inexperienced government regulators were so wowed by Bernard Madoff ‘s ritzy Midtown headquarters that they asked about job openings and dropped off resumes while missing clear evidence he was running a massive Ponzi scheme , a new book claims .
“ No wonder they never found anything , ” Madoff firm secretary Elaine Solomon told author Andrew Kirtzman for his book , “ Betrayal : The Life and Lies of Bernie Madoff , ” The Post ’s Dan Mangan reports .
In the book out today , Solomon , speaking out for the first time since Madoff ’s epic downfall last winter after years of operating his multibillion - dollar scam , said the arch - fraudster got anxious every time investigators from the Securities and Exchange Commission came knocking at his Third Avenue office in the Lipstick Building .
“ But he need n’t have worried , ” Kirtzman writes .
“ He and his aides were amazed at the youth and experience of the regulators who showed up at their door . ”
Solomon said , “ They would walk in and we ’d look at them and we ’d say to each other , ‘ What do you think their combined age is , 12 ? ’
“ They ’d send kids .
I think it was their first job out of school , ” said Solomon , who worked for Madoff ’s younger brother , Peter , and who did not know anything about the fraud when it was going on .
“ The youthful SEC staffers were so dazzled to be at Madoff headquarters that they occasionally inquired about job openings at the company , ” Kirtzman writes .
Solomon said , “ They would say , ‘ Can we get jobs — can we give you our resumes ? ’
We ’d say , ‘ Send them through to our offices .
A couple of them dropped resumes off . ’ ”
When SEC probers showed up at Madoff ’s office after his arrest to begin going through paperwork to trace his fraud ’s tentacles , Solomon recognized one of them from a prior visit years ago .
“ If you had done your [ bleep ] ing job in the first place , we would n’t be in this position now ! ” Solomon yelled at him .
A ll aircraft engines need to be put through rigorous tests before they are sold .
What will happen in case of a bird hit , or if a fan blade disengages ?
Done physically , each of these tests can cost up to $ 15 million .
And each test has to be carried out under different conditions .
This can burn hundreds of millions of dollars .
General Electric , the world 's leading maker of aircraft engines , carries out all such tests on computers in an industrial estate in Bangalore at a fraction of the cost and time .
As a result , GE hopes to roll out four or five new engines over the next five years .
An engine can take up to 20 years to develop .
Nobody has ever flooded the market with so many engines in a span of just five years .
The Alt - A and Option ARM tsunami still looms large casting a dark shadow over the state of California housing .
This is on top of the reality that we are now talking about issuing IOUs for only the second time since the Great Depression .
I ’m not sure if this is what many had in mind when Bernanke started talking about his imaginary friend Mr. Green Shoot .
There is definitely no green shoots in California .
I ’ve gotten many e-mails asking for clarification regarding the California Foreclosure Prevention Act ( CFPA ) and , the recently released figures of loan workouts and modifications .
I ’ll go into those precious details in this article but to sum it up , it is a joke and a pure theatre worthy of its own Comedy Central show .
The CFPA applies more can - kicking down the road logic while the loan modifications and workouts are like giving a drunk another shot of tequila to get over a hangover .
First , before we go forward let us take a look at where we are at in this process ( updated chart with gorgeous blue arrow ) :
As you can tell , much of what is occurring is status quo .
It will remain that way until the end of the year , when we shift from less than $ 2 billion in option ARM recasts per month to close to $ 4 billion at the end of Q4 of 2009 .
Most of these loans are in California .
Of the over 2 million in Alt - A loans 643,000 are in California .
If you think we are doing much to address this look at these facts :
March 2009 Active Alt - A loans
CA : 651,000 +
April 2009 Active Alt - A loans :
CA : 643,000 +
If you think this adjustment is occurring because of fabulous workouts and loan modifications , think again .
Much of the losses are occurring because these loans are defaulting left and right and we have yet to hit the major recast wave as the above chart shows .
Alt - A and option ARMs are toxic waste and will be hitting California at a time where the state is financially vulnerable .
That is why when people ask me , “ should I buy now in a semi- prime location ? ” I can only shake my head .
Why buy now ?
The largest X - factor is looming less than a year away and you want to jump in to swim with the sharks ?
What I have realized is psychologically , many people still believe in the bubble .
When I created the title of this blog , Dr. Housing Bubble – How I Learned to Love SoCal and Forget the Housing Bubble I was word playing with an old Stanley Kubrick film .
In Dr. Strangelove a delusional Brigadier General Jack D. Ripper sets off a chain reaction which leads into a nuclear nightmare because of one bad step after another built on a totally false premise ( that the Soviet Union is looking to sap precious bodily fluids of Americans ) but with real world consequences .
The housing bubble is this .
Initially , we started with easier lending standards , followed by dropping rates , then subprime , then we entered the Alt - A and option ARM world where we flat out gave fiscal time bombs to borrowers and now the global economy is facing the deepest recession since the depression .
Much was being made about a report released last week from the California Department of Corporations .
The report touts that loan modifications have jumped to a whopping “ 20,000 ” a month .
The report is pertinent because it surveys servicers that work with 3.3 million of the state ’s active loans , approximately half the total loans .
But all you need to do is read the report behind the headline to realize what a supreme comedy it is :
Click for sharper image
Now you know the rest of the story as Paul Harvey would say .
Here is the meat and potatoes of the issue .
First , let me clarify the top 3 rows .
This is for January , February , and March 2009 data .
So in March for example 111,000 loan workouts were initiated .
This of course may look good but means nothing since this is only the first step and does n’t mean anything has happened aside from someone starting the ball rolling .
If we look at how many workouts actually closed , we see the real story .
Only 34,000 of the 111,000 initial workouts were complete .
Not bad you say .
Well if we dig deeper , only 3,430 Alt - A loans were worked out in March which at this rate will take us 15 years to modify all the loans !
Bwahahaha !
A load of crap - o - la being spun as some sort of good news .
Keep in mind , many servicers are now getting $ 1,000 for kicking the can down the road .
Oh , but it gets better :
This is where you grab your monitor and let out a savage scream and say , “ what kind of load - of - crap is this ! ? ”
So now let us breakdown those 34,000 workouts in March .
What is their idea of a workout ?
Well for 22 percent of the loans , they basically froze the interest teaser rate for less than five years .
The next option which was used on 16 percent of the loans was lowering the interest rate to another teaser level .
So already , nearly 40 percent of the “ workouts ” are being dealt with artificially low rates !
This is the damn reason the Alt - A and option ARM loans are so toxic in the first place , they had freaking teaser rates to begin with .
And this is the most popular method of fixing these loans ?
Come on now .
11 percent where kicked out the door through short - sales which really is n’t a workout and 5 percent were paid off .
These are probably those folks buying in semi-prime and prime areas jumping in while they miss the next housing bubble .
But you know what I love ?
Only 36 loans actually had their principal balance reduced !
Bwahahahaha !
Give me one second .
Bwahahahaha !
Their idea of a workout is basically turning underwater homeowners into indentured servants who have fewer options than renters .
The only way these people will ever sell their home without coming to the table with money is if we have another housing bubble .
This leads us to the ridiculous CFPA .
The CFPA FAQ gives us their idea of fixing the mortgage problem :
“ While a sustainable loan modification may be different for different borrowers , the potential ways a loan may be modified include any of the following :
– An interest rate reduction , as needed , for a fixed term of at least 5 years .
- An extension of amortization period for the loan term , for up to 40 years from the original date of the loan .
- Deferral of some portion of the principal amount of the unpaid principal balance until maturity of the loan .
– Reduction of principal . ”
The government is basically advocating that these loans all become option ARMs. 40 year mortgages ?
Deferral of principal amount ?
What is this ?
Did the government hire New Century Financial as consultants to devise this program ?
Even those prime workouts are being pushed into this crap .
As we have seen from the actual data the reduction of principal is such a joke ( see why the banking industry did n’t want cram - downs ? ) .
36 loans out of the entire pool had their principal reduced in March of 2009 for the state of California .
So all this is doing is buying more time for the inevitable .
We all know that notice of defaults are skyrocketing even after the 2008 moratorium :
So these programs are really a joke and basically waste more money but that seems to be the way we operate .
Now keep in mind that we have seen very little plans that actually address the major issue .
JOBS !
JOBS !
JOBS !
Have people forgotten how you pay a mortgage ?
You pay it with a thing called wages which you earn from working .
More and more Californians are losing those wages since we now have an 11.5 percent unemployment rate so how are they going to pay those 40 - year mortgage payments ?
Maybe on future loan modifications we ’ll allow people to use unemployment insurance as their primary source of income .
As you can see , the Alt - A and option ARM tsunami is still heading this way .
Many of these programs being devised are betting ( not explicitly ) that another housing rebound is just minutes away .
This is utter nonsense .
Say you bought a $ 500,000 home that is now worth $ 250,000 .
Does a 40 - year mortgage and a lower interest rate sound appealing to you ?
You are simply a renter .
By definition you wo n’t be building up any equity given that one of the options in the CFPA is negative amortization .
And do you really think that home will go up again ?
If you wanted to sell you would find yourself in the same position as today .
Either a generous short - sale is approved or you walk away .
And for those that think real estate ca n’t stay down for a long time I offer you Japan :
Japan has seen stagnant housing prices for nearly two decades .
So by 2029 with a 5 % 40 year mortgage , you will finally be at $ 250,000 .
Congratulations !
You can now sell your home and get a whopping zero at closing ( assuming you pay nothing on a sales commission ) .
Is n’t that basically renting ?
The bottom line is many borrowers are going to look at these terms and if they have any sense , will simply stop making their payments and walk away .
Yet some banks are now using a strategy of not letting you foreclose !
“ ( WaPo ) And even though a delayed foreclosure can be a blessing for some troubled homeowners , for others , it simply prolongs the financial distress , leaving them on the hook for the condition of the property .
Even if they move out , they can not move on .
“ I have even begged them for a foreclosure , ” delinquent mortgage - holder Charlotte Jensen said .
When she realized she could n’t save her Glen Allen home last year , she filed for bankruptcy , packed up her family and moved out .
Nearly a year later , Bank of America has yet to take back the home . ”
And since banks like pinching pennies from customers while bleeding taxpayers dry , they would rather a hot body stay in the place and maintain it instead of squatters or teenagers looking to practice their break dancing moves in the home .
The latest data still shows 2 million Alt - A loans floating in the United States .
California ’s solution to the Alt - A and Option ARM problem ?
The solution is to turn more loans into Alt - A and option ARMs .
This is great thinking that we have come to expect from Sacramento .
The easy solution is this ; those that over leveraged themselves should lose their home through foreclosure and find a rental .
Nothing to be ashamed about .
Lenders will need to eat their losses .
However , I get the deep feeling that the public - private investment program that starts next month is going to eat a lot of this crap up .
My sense is lenders are merely kicking the can down the road until they can kick the can to you .
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information .
« From Small Tweets , Big Firm Clients Grow | Main | After Security Warnings , a Recap on RECAP »
Mobile Devices Significantly Expand the 40 - Hour Work Week
A few weeks ago I posted about two recent lawsuits by employees seeking overtime pay for responding to work messages on company - issued smart phones after hours .
These types of lawsuits are on the rise , not only because of technology advancements , but also the present recessionary climate , with layoffs forcing employers to squeeze more work out of fewer people .
But just how much overtime are we talking about here ?
You'd be surprised .
The U.K.'s Birmingham
Post reports on a recent employee survey by Manchester - based employment law firm Peninsula , which found that employees who use devices like BlackBerrys on the job work an extra 15 hours a week .
Are mobile devices really extending the work week by as much as 15 hours ?
And is that time productive or are the returns diminishing because employees are n't getting enough of a break ?
Posted by Carolyn Elefant on August 25 , 2009 at 03:45 PM | Permalink | Comments ( 0 )
A problem at work can take over your entire life .
If you have been sexually harassed at work , wrongfully terminated , suffered a workplace injury , been subjected to discrimination , or need a severance agreement reviewed by an expert , you can turn to The Navarette Law Firm in San Jose for help .
Our thorough understanding of California and federal employment laws enables us to professionally evaluate your case and advise you on how best to proceed .
Our Guarantee
We will review your case and provide you with honest advice on the best course of action to take .
NO legal mumbo- jumbo , just plain English .
Here For You Now .
Here For You Tomorrow .
Our highly experienced lawyers will take the time to understand what you are going through .
Why ?
Because we truly care about how employment law issues impact the lives of our clients .
We know how losing your job or dealing with hostile working conditions can affect you in every aspect of your life — from financial strain to severe emotional distress .
Our commitment to you is that we will fully protect your best legal interests and fight for you throughout the entire legal process .
You can count on us to make things right for you .
Contact A San Jose Employment Law Attorney Today
We have the legal expertise , courtroom skill and sheer tenacity you need to help you rebuild your life and get the compensation you deserve .
It 's all just a phone call away .
Call us today at our San Jose Law Firm toll free - 866.994.BEST
( 2378 ) or contact us via email .
Female victims in sexual harassment cases , call for your FREE CONSULTATION 408.275.9500 .
There also is NO FEE for consultations for overtime , class action , or workers ' compensation cases .
Consultation fees do apply to all other cases .
Se�ala la Conferencia del Episcopado Mexicano que nada explica la irrupci�n de los agentes federales en un templo cat�lico de Apatzing�n
Video : Cae � La Troca� durante celebraci�n religiosa .
Miguel Ángel Beraza Villa es el principal distribuidor de drogas sintéticas de La Familia y el principal introductor del narcótico conocido como ice de México a Estados Unidos
Ciudad de M�xico | Lunes 03 de agosto de 2009
EFE | El Universal
13:13
Women in Tech : 20 Trailblazers Share Their Journeys
Successful women in the tech trenches share their insights and tackle subjects ranging from how to search out a strong mentor to how to be one -- from how to advance in a large company to how to start your own firm .
Get the Kindle or Paperback .
In the latest phase of an ongoing battle with computer makers over the allegedly eco-unfriendly nature of materials they use in manufacturing , environmental activist group Greenpeace on Tuesday hit HP's Palo Alto , Calif. , global headquarters .
Its members painted the message " Hazardous Products " on the rooftop of HP 's building and sent the company 's employees automated phone calls from actor William Shatner -- yes , Captain Kirk and Denny Crane -- urging HP to phase out toxic chemicals in its products .
The actions followed HP 's postponement of its commitment to phase out two toxic chemicals , after years of wrangling with Greenpeace .
Describing Greenpeace 's actions at its headquarters as " unconstructive , " HP spokesperson Pamela Bonney said they " did nothing to advance the goals that all who care about the environment share . "
HP and Other Greenpeace Targets
Greenpeace has publicly been after HP , Dell , Lenovo and others to clean up their acts for months .
In March , it gave the three a penalty point in its updated e- waste guide for breaking their promises to phase out toxic chemicals in 2009 .
" HP , Lenovo and Dell had promised to eliminate vinyl plastic ( PVC ) and brominated flame retardants ( BFRs ) from their products by the end of 2009 , " Greenpeace stated .
" Now they 've told us that they wo n't make it this year . "
Vendors ' Chemical Romance
Here 's why nixing PVC and BFRs is a high priority for Greenpeace : Burning them gives off toxic fumes that are carcinogens .
PVCs give off chlorodioxin , and BFRs give off bromodioxin .
People in underdeveloped countries like India and China are burning computer parts shipped to their countries for recycling , and the populations of entire towns are being poisoned .
The town of Guiyu in China 's Guangdong Province , where residents have made an industry of recycling waste computer products with serious impact on their health , is one example .
" People in Guiyu are breaking down mounds of toxic electronics with crude instruments and burning the electronics in fire pits for the gold and copper wiring in the circuit boards , " Greenpeace International campaigner Casey Harrell told TechNewsWorld .
" New studies show that the health impacts are n't just a combination of the impacts of chloro - and bromo - dioxin ; it 's exponentially higher than that , " he said .
" Among the few places in the world where you find mixed chloro - and bromo - dioxin is in places where you burn items with chlorine and bromine in them . "
Greenpeace has photos on its site of a child playing in e-waste in China and the effects of e-waste on Guiyu .
Its Web site also has a report on health issues found among waste recycling workers .
HP 's Efforts to Go Green
Health and the environment have always been among HP 's concerns , the company 's Bonney said .
" For decades , HP has been a leader in environmental responsibility and has adopted practices in product development , operations and the supply chain that are transparent and help to reduce its environmental impact , " she told TechNewsWorld .
HP has several Web pages dedicated to its green efforts .
One site detailing its environmental goals and policies lists environmental goals for each year from 2009 to 2011 .
By 2011 , HP will improve the overall energy efficiency of HP printers by 40 percent relative to 2005 ; redesign its lower - end desktops and notebooks so they save 1 billion kilowatt - hours of electricity in all ; slash the amount of packaging used , and of plastic used in packaging ; and use at least 35 percent recycled paper in cardboard packaging for printers .
It will complete the phase - out of BFR and PVC in new personal computing products as technologically feasible alternatives become readily available that will not compromise product performance or quality and not adversely impact health or the environment , the company said .
The problem is that there simply are n't enough acceptable alternatives in the quantities HP needs , Bonney explained .
HP has introduced several new computing products this year that use less BFR and PVC than earlier models , Bonney said .
In September , it will release a notebook that has no BFRs and PVCs .
" By fall 2010 , all new commercial PC products released will be BFR / PVC free , " Bonney said .
" By the end of 2011 , all new PC products released will be free of BFR / PVCs . "
Why Greenpeace Has Its Mad On
However , Greenpeace 's Harrell is not convinced that HP will keep its word .
" HP was one of the last companies that committed to a timeline to get rid of PVCs and BFRs when we talked to all the big manufacturers -- Dell , Lenovo , Acer -- back in 2006 , " he said .
" And now they 've moved their original commitment two years into the future . "
While Harrell agrees that HP 's size means it cannot implement major policy changes overnight , he contends the vendor is dragging its feet .
" Unlike Dell and Lenovo , who made the commitment to phase out PVCs and BFRs in all their products , HP has only made the commitment for their PCs , not their servers , " Harrell said .
Disorganization at HP could be another factor .
" A senior VP at HP told us last month that he 's taking on the greening project because there was nobody managing the process , " Harrell said .
Greenpeace is resorting to physical tactics like Tuesday 's painting of HP 's roof and sending automated calls from Shatner because HP is n't responding fast enough , according to Harrell .
" Everything else we 've tried is not lighting a fire under them and , as much as I 'd like to believe that they 're going to keep to their new deadline of 2011 , what 's to stop them from putting the timeline back again if we just go away ? "
BRIDGEWATER -- Police in New Jersey said a shotgun was brandished after two brothers argued about a sandwich for their mother .
Police said the argument began in the kitchen of Anthony Pilla 's Bridgewater house , where the mother lives .
It escalated when Pilla 's brother threw his cap and glasses at the 49 - year - old .
According to an affidavit , Pilla went to the basement and returned with a loaded shotgun .
Police said the brothers wrestled , Pilla dropped the shotgun and their mother took it out of the house Wednesday .
Pilla is charged with aggravated assault and possession of a weapon for an unlawful purpose .
Police did not release the name of his brother or say what kind of sandwich was at the center of the dispute .
By David Ignatius - July 23 , 2009
WASHINGTON --
When the CIA 's alleged assassination program surfaced this month , the first reports focused on what had n't been done : Congress had n't been briefed , supposedly on orders from Vice President Dick Cheney , and the program had n't actually resulted in any " hit team " attacks on al - Qaeda operatives .
The first failing upset House Democrats , and they demanded an investigation .
But the second issue is in some ways more interesting for what it reveals about the bureaucratic and legal culture in which the CIA operates .
The program began soon after Sept. 11 , 2001 , as part of a broader anti-terrorism effort that had the vivid code name " Cannonball . "
The initial idea at the agency 's Counter - Terrorism Center , according to one former top - level official , was to go after al - Qaeda operatives around the world and " compromise them , disrupt them , snatch them " and , if necessary , kill them .
The goal was that " every al - Qaeda man on the planet should worry that someone is screwing with them , full time , " recalls a second former agency official .
The CIA wanted to send the message : " If you work for Osama bin Laden , we will find you and come after you . "
That 's the way spies talk in the movies , but real life is harder .
Some al - Qaeda targets were working in friendly countries far from the battleground of Afghanistan , where killing was permitted under the rules of war .
In such friendly countries , the CIA normally prefers to partner with the local intelligence and security services , because operations can cause a big stink if they go wrong .
But CIA officials believed they needed a " unilateral " capability against al - Qaeda , which made it very risky .
Then there was the problem of surveillance .
" Pulling the trigger is the easy part , " says a current official .
" First you have to find them . "
To gather that intelligence , the CIA needed teams of agents , drawn from foreign countries .
A generation ago , former officials say , the CIA had recruited and trained a team of Lebanese agents to assassinate people involved in the 1983 bombings of the U.S. Embassy and Marine barracks in Beirut .
There was discussion within the CIA of reviving that capability , or using surrogates from other countries .
These issues were complicated , legally and ethically .
A Sept. 17 , 2001 , covert-action finding had granted broad authority for lethal activity against al - Qaeda .
But CIA Director George Tenet and his aides , after exploring the options , decided the unilateral assassination program would n't work .
Recalls one former agency official : " We did n't think it was practical .
We looked at it and said , ' We 're not doing this . ' "
Meanwhile , Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld was exploring what Special Forces troops could do in friendly countries .
The Pentagon developed a plan whose public name was " Military Liaison Elements , " which would station abroad operatives drawn from Special Operations Command .
The State Department , fearing a flap , protested loudly , and the program was scaled back .
Operatives were sent to embassies , but they worked , in effect , as " SOCOM attaches " performing nonlethal missions and not as hit teams , according to a knowledgeable official .
The CIA program had been shelved by Tenet , but it was revived under his successor , Porter Goss .
And it was renewed , once more , under the next CIA director , Gen. Michael V. Hayden .
The aim during Hayden 's watch was to focus on the surveillance capability , with the understanding that it " could develop into something else " if targets were identified , according to one former official .
This official says Hayden had only two or three meetings about the program , the last in spring 2008 .
Enter Leon Panetta , the new CIA director .
After settling in , he was briefed by the Counter - Terrorism Center on the assassination idea and was concerned .
In the years since 2001 , explains a government official , " money was spent , agents were recruited , teams were trained , people were deployed . "
Panetta sensed that the program had a " troubled history , " and that although nobody had been killed , there had been " one pretty red- faced flap " when an operation went wrong , this official says .
Panetta is said to have asked two questions : Had Congress been briefed , and had the program been valuable ?
The answer to both questions from CIA counter - terrorism officials was " no . "
So Panetta decided in late June to stop the program , pending a further review , and to brief Congress about it .
The House intelligence committee is now preparing its investigation .
I hope they will focus on both sides of Panetta 's question :
Why was n't Congress briefed on this idea for a global squeeze on al - Qaeda , and why did n't it work ?
Updated !
Click on the CD Covers to read about the Updates ...
Genetic research indicates that Australian Aborigines initially arrived via south Asia .
Researchers writing in the open access journal BMC Evolutionary Biology have found telltale mutations in modern - day Indian populations that are exclusively shared by Aborigines .
Dr Raghavendra Rao worked with a team of researchers from the Anthropological Survey of India to sequence 966 complete mitochondrial DNA genomes from Indian ' relic populations ' .
He said , " Mitochondrial DNA is inherited only from the mother and so allows us to accurately trace ancestry .
We found certain mutations in the DNA sequences of the Indian tribes we sampled that are specific to Australian Aborigines .
This shared ancestry suggests that the Aborigine population migrated to Australia via the so - called ' Southern Route ' " .
The ' Southern Route ' dispersal of modern humans suggests movement of a group of hunter - gatherers from the Horn of Africa , across the mouth of the Red Sea into Arabia and southern Asia at least 50 thousand years ago .
Subsequently , the modern human populations expanded rapidly along the coastlines of southern Asia , southeastern Asia , and Indonesia to arrive in Australia at least 45 thousand years ago .
The genetic evidence of this dispersal from the work of Rao and his colleagues is supported by archeological evidence of human occupation in the Lake Mungo area of Australia dated at approximately the same time period .
Discussing the implications of the research , Rao said , " Human evolution is usually understood in terms of millions of years .
This direct DNA evidence indicates that the emergence of ' anatomically modern ' humans in Africa and the spread of these humans to other parts of the world happened only fifty thousand or so years ago .
In this respect , populations in the Indian subcontinent harbor DNA footprints of the earliest expansion out of Africa .
Understanding human evolution helps us to understand the biological and cultural expressions of these people , with far reaching implications for human welfare . "
Source : BioMed Central
North Korea ’s sentencing of two American TV journalists to 12 years of hard labor Monday could imperil the Obama administration ’s already difficult goal of curtailing the authoritarian nation ’s nuclear weapons ambitions .
If no deal is reached , the two women face a grim future in a brutal prison system notorious for its lack of adequate food and medical supplies and its high death rate .
Laura Ling and Euna Lee , reporters for San Francisco - based Current TV , were convicted by the nation ’s top Central Court of an unspecified “ grave crime ” against the hard - line regime after they were arrested in March along the Chinese - North Korean border while reporting a story on human trafficking .
In a terse statement Monday , the state - run Korean Central News Agency did not say where the women are to serve the time .
North Koreans who receive similar sentences of “ reform through labor ” often face starvation and torture in a penal system many consider among the world ’s most repressive , said David Hawk , author of the 2004 study “ The Hidden Gulag : Exposing North Korea ’s Prison Camps . ”
Advertisement
Amid an international outcry over the sentences , the White House said Monday that it was “ engaged through all possible channels ” in seeking the release of Ling , 32 , and Lee , 36 .
A top U.S. goal is to prevent the effort from being linked to the larger dispute over North Korea ’s nuclear weapons program .
But the outcome of that effort is anything but certain , experts said .
“ I think it very unlikely that the North Koreans would let them go without some serious extortion , ” said L. Gordon Flake , a Korea expert and president of the Maureen and Mike Mansfield Foundation , a Washington think tank .
“ But giving in to that extortion would fundamentally undermine broader U.S. national security interests . ”
The question of linkage may be the most important to the fate of the women .
U.S. officials fear that the North Koreans may attempt to make any reduction in the journalists ’ sentences dependent on what kind of punishment is imposed by the United Nations or by individual countries in response to Pyongyang ’s recent nuclear detonation and missile tests .
Advertisement
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said that while the administration was “ deeply concerned ” about the length of the sentences , America ’s differences with North Korea over Pyongyang ’s arms program are “ separate and apart from what ’s happening to the two journalists . ”
However , if the U.S. refuses to mingle the two issues , analysts said , the eventual release of the two women could be delayed .
If the pair are held for a lengthy period , analysts believe they may be sent to a kyo - hwa - so , or “ reeducation ” reformatory , “ that is the equivalent of a felony penitentiary in the U.S. , as opposed to a county jail or misdemeanor facility , ” Hawk said .
“ It ’s extremely hard labor under extremely brutal conditions , ” he said .
“ These places have very high rates of deaths in detention .
The casualties from forced labor and inadequate food supplies are very high . ”
Advertisement
Many North Korean reeducation camps , he said , are affiliated with mines or textile factories where the long work shifts are often followed by self - criticism sessions and the forced memorization of North Korean communist policy doctrine .
The literal meaning of kyo - hwa - so is “ a place to make a good person through education , ” said Hawk , who interviewed a dozen survivors for his study for a group known as the U.S. Committee for Humans Rights in North Korea .
Hawk , like other experts , expects , though , that the pair will escape the worst of fates because of the glare of the international spotlight .
“ If these women do get sent to the camps , they ’re probably going to make sure that they do n’t die in detention , ” he said .
“ They ’re probably going to be treated better . ”
Advertisement
U.S. officials acknowledged Monday that they have been discussing the idea of sending a high - level envoy to North Korea to seek the release of the women , following a pattern that was used to secure freedom for American prisoners in the 1990s .
But they said no decision had been reached on the issue , and suggested that some diplomatic groundwork might be necessary before such a step could be taken .
New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson , who helped negotiate the release of U.S. prisoners in the 1990s and has been in discussions with the Obama administration , suggested in an interview on NBC ’s “ Today ” show that talk of an envoy was “ premature because what first has to happen is a framework for negotiations on a potential humanitarian release .
What we would try to seek would be some kind of a political pardon . ”
Richardson has been mentioned as a possible envoy , as has former Vice President Al Gore , who is co-founder of Current TV , the San Francisco media company that employs Ling and Lee .
Gore has remained mum , possibly fearing that his visibility would politicize the issue and reduce the chances of the women being released , analysts said .
Charles L. Pritchard , a former U.S. official who was involved in similar negotiations to free a U.S. citizen from North Korea , predicted that release of the pair would probably require “ intense behind - the - scenes negotiations ” with Pyongyang .
Advertisement
He said the North Koreans may want to use this case to “ punish the United States , as they are now being sanctioned and punished by the United States .
. . .
I do n’t think there is going to be an easy or a quick solution . ”
For his part , Richardson said there might be reason for hope in the fact that the North Koreans did not file espionage charges against the women .
He noted also that North Korea had not yet explicitly linked discussions of the journalists to negotiations over the broader U.S. - North Korean dispute .
The families of the two prisoners expressed shock at the stiff sentences .
“ We are very concerned about their mental state and well - being , ” they said in a statement .
“ Laura has a serious medical condition that is sure to be exacerbated by the drastic sentence .
Euna has a 4 - year - old daughter who is displaying signs of anguish over the absence of her mother .
We believe that the three months they have already spent under arrest with little communication with their families is long enough . ”
Advertisement
As U.S. officials weigh options , experts with knowledge of impoverished North Korea ’s penitentiary system stress that time is of the essence .
“ The first thing that passed through my mind when I heard about the verdict was that , from an American perspective , this is tantamount to a death sentence , ” said Scott Snyder , director of the Center for U.S. - Korea Policy at the Asia Foundation , a Washington - based think tank .
“ There are n’t a lot of guarantees in that type of environment .
It ’s different from any prison that exists in the modern - day United States .
This is a very sobering challenge for a new administration . ”
North Korean defector Kim Hyuck , who spent a total of seven months between 1998 and 2000 in a kyo - hwa - so , said the percentage of prisoners who die from the harsh conditions would be unimaginable in the West .
Advertisement
“ It is not an easy place , ” Kim , 28 , who now studies math at a South Korean university , said of the camps .
“ Centers for men and women are separate .
But even [ the ] women ’s place is not comfortable at all .
. . .
When I was in the center , roughly 600 to 700 out of a total 1,500 died . ”
Kim and Hawk said days at the camps begin before dawn , with workers fed “ watery corn gruel ” and then sent off to their assignments .
To become sick , Kim said , is often to die .
Many succumb from malnutrition and related symptoms such as diarrhea and fever , he said .
“ There is no medication .
Officers gave us a powder made of pine tree leaves .
That ’s what they gave us for every disease .
It was just to give some sort of comfort . ”
Advertisement
Hawk said torture and punishment are often used as a tool to maintain control .
“ People are punished for violating labor camp regulations , ” he said .
The most common violation is trying to steal food .
“ If people eat food that ’s supposed to be for livestock , it ’s a violation . ”
Political prisoners face the toughest conditions , he said .
“ They ’re taken care of separately by the spy agency of North Korea , ” Kim said .
“ They are beaten so harshly .
There is no responsibility for their death . ”
Advertisement
--
john.glionna@latimes.com
Times staff writer Barbara Demick in Beijing and Ju-min Park in The Times ’ Seoul Bureau contributed to this report .
With over 3 miles of stored power , this is a sure sign of the economic downturn .
Tichu
Fata Morgana Spiele
Rules Translated by Chris Mellor and then edited by Aaron D. Fuegi ( aarondf@bu.edu )
Originally typed by Dawn Thurbon
Originally distributed from The Rules Bank by Mike Siggins
Version 1
Tichu Nanjing ( for four players )
The Cards
There are four suits ( Jade , Sword , Pagoda , Star ) of 13 cards each corresponding in value to Bridge cards ie .
The highest card in each suit being the Ace and the lowest being the " 2 " .
The " 10's " lie between the " 9 " and the " Jack " .
There are four special cards : Mah Jong , Dog , Phoenix and Dragon ( see illustrations later ) - which brings the total number of cards to 56 .
The players play in two teams each of two players .
Each player sits opposite his partner and they work together in acquiring points .
Preparation
Any player in the game can shuffle the deck .
Instead of dealing out the cards , each player in turn takes a card from the top of the deck until the pile is exhausted and each player has 14 cards in his hand .
Editor 's note :
We just deal the cards normally by first dealing 8 cards to each player and later giving each player 6 more ( the reason for the two phases of dealing is below ) .
Also , any player can deal , it does not need to rotate as in many games .
Now give one of your cards to each of the other three players .
In effect , then , you will pass on 3 cards of your choice and receive 3 unknown ones in return .
The Game
The game is started by the player who has the Mah Jong card .
He may lay down any one of the following combinations :
Example
A single card - 4
A pair ( two cards of the same value ) - 8,8
A run of pairs of adjoining values - 9,9,10,10, J , J
A triple ( three cards of the same value ) - 2,2,2
A full house ( triple and pair ) - 5,5,5,9,9
A row ( also known as a straight or run ) of at least five cards ( the Ace can be used in a run but only as a high card such as 10JQKA - A2345 is not a legal play ) - 4,5,6,7,8
The next player ( to the right of the previous player ) now has the following options :
Passing or Playing a similar combination but of a higher value .
So , a single card can only be beaten by the playing of a single card ( and this must be of a higher value ) ; a run of 2 pairs by a run of 2 higher pairs , a row of 6 cards only by a higher row of 6 cards ( 3,4,5,6,7,8 is beaten by , at a minimum a row of 4,5,6,7,8,9 ) , a full house by a higher full house ( in a full house , only the value of the triple is taken into consideration ) .
In general , every player who plays cards on a given ' trick ' will play exactly the same type of combination and number of cards .
The only exception to this rule is the Bomb - see later .
Play then proceeds to the next player on the right .
If three players pass consecutively , the player who laid the last ( highest ) card combination , takes the trick and starts play again ( where again he can choose from any of the valid combinations listed above ) - if he has no more cards in his hand , he retires from the game and play proceeds to his neighbour on the right ( if he also has no cards , then play goes to the next person on the right ) .
It is legal for players to pass and then come back in again as long as some other player played in between .
It is not allowable for a player to play on his ' own ' trick once the other three players have passed .
He must collect the trick and start a new one .
Bombs are as usual an exception and any player may play a bomb after three passes .
The Special Cards
The Mah Jong
Whoever has this card in his hand makes the first lead ( but in doing so does not actually have to play the Mah Jong card although me may do so if he wishes ) .
Note that the Mah Jong is sometimes also referred to as either the 1 or the Sparrow .
The Mah Jong card has a value of 1 and so is the lowest card in the game .
It can be used to form a row eg .
1,2,3,4,5
Whoever plays the Mah Jong ( alone or as part of a row ) card may call for a card - to do so he names a specific card value ( eg an " 8 " or an " A " , but not a special card ) as he plays the Mah Jong .
If he chooses to do this , the next player who has a card of the chosen value and can play it ( in accordance with the rules of the game ) must then play it .
Note that the named card can ( and must if this is the only way to play it ) also be used in a Bomb .
If a player does not have the card value asked for , or cannot play it , then he can play any suitable combination or pass .
This condition , imposed by the playing of the Mah Jong card , remains in force on all players for all plays until somebody carries it out .
Once the card is played by any player , the condition is no longer in effect on anybody .
The Dog
The Dog has no trick value .
It can only be played on your own turn when you have the lead and is played as a single card .
It immediately gives the " lead " to your partner .
If your partner has already retired from the game , then the lead passes to the player on his right ( that is ; the next in normal turn order from the partner - remember , Tichu is supposed to be played counter - clockwise ) .
The Phoenix
The Phoenix is a very powerful card .
To offset its strength , it has a value of - 25 points in the final point scoring .
It can be used as a wild card ( joker ) in any card combination ( but it can not be used to create a Bomb - see later ) .
Thus , you could , for example play 23 Phoenix56 as a 5 card run 2 - 6 .
However , in its role as a wild card it can not be used as any of the other special cards ( it can only be a 2 - Ace ) .
It can be played as a single card .
It then has a value of a half point above the last card played ( eg if the Phoenix is played after an " 8 " , then the value of the Phoenix is 8.5 and can only be beaten by a single card of value " 9 " or higher .
The Phoenix will beat an " A " but not the Dragon .
If the Phoenix is led to start a trick it has a value of 1.5
The Dragon
The Dragon is the highest single card and counts 25 points .
It can only be played as a single card and it beats even an " A " ( Ace ) or an " A and a half " ( A Phoenix played on an " A " ) .
It can only be beaten by a Bomb .
If the Dragon wins the trick , the player playing it must give the entire trick away ( including its own 25 points ) to a player of the opposing team ( he chooses which one ) .
Despite this , the player who won the trick also wins the next lead .
A Bomb
Bombs are :
a row of at least 5 cards following on in sequence from each other , and all of the same suit ( also known as a " straight flush " ) or - four cards of the same value ( also known as a " four of a kind " ) .
A Bomb beats all other cards , be it a single card or a card combination .
A higher Bomb beats a lower one so four 8's beats four 7's .
A " row " Bomb beats a " 4 of a kind " Bomb and is in turn beaten by a higher or longer row Bomb .
For example the following list of Bombs is ordered from lowest to highest Bomb :
4444
5555
45678 ( all Green )
56789 ( all Blue )
234567 ( all Blue )
Bombs can be brought into play at any time - even when it is not your turn .
However , you must give a player a chance to lead a card ( or group ) and Bombs can not be played on just the Dog card .
You may yourself lead a Bomb when it is your lead .
Points Reckoning Up
The one player remaining , who still has cards in his hand , gives :
any remaining cards in his hand to the opposing team .
all the tricks he has won to the player who was the first to play all his cards .
Now each team counts up the card points they collected :
The " kings " and " 10's " are worth 10 points each
The " 5's " are worth 5 points each
The Dragon is worth 25 points
is worth 25 points The Phoenix costs you 25 points
costs you 25 points
All other cards are worth nothing ( 0 points ) .
Exception : However , if both players of one team have a Double Victory ( one being the winner of the round and the other going out second - this is also sometimes called a " One - Two " ) , then that team scores 200 points and the other team 0 .
In this case , card points are not counted .
In fact , once this occurs there is no reason for the remaining players to even finish playing the hand .
Calling Tichu
Before playing his first card , each player has the right to declare a small " Tichu "
If he then goes out first in the round , his team receives an extra 100 points - otherwise the team loses 100 points .
But remember :
The 100 Tichu points are given / taken away regardless of the ordinary or double victory points scored - they do not influence them in any way .
You can call a Tichu any time before playing your first card .
You can therefore choose to pass for several full tricks and still call a Tichu later .
You can also call a Tichu before passing cards at the beginning of the round - this serves to tell your partner to pass to you his best card ( although he is not required to do so ) .
You may not make any arrangements with your partner during play nor does it help you if your partner wins .
You can also call a " Grand Tichu " before you have taken your ninth card ( in the " deal " section at the very beginning of the round ) .
This has a value of 200 extra points .
Other than the timing and scoring differences , " Grand Tichus " have the same rules as standard " Tichus " .
A single player may not call both a " Grand Tichu " and a standard " Tichu " .
It is entirely legal for more than one player ( even on the same team ) to call either type of Tichu .
Obviously , however , only one of them can be right .
Winning the Game
When one team reaches 1000 points they are the winners .
If both teams reach 1000 points in the same round , then the game should continue until a hand ends where the teams are not tied and the winning team has a score of at least 1000 points .
Notes and Rule Details ( by Aaron )
1 ) None of the four special cards can be used in any type of Bomb .
2 ) In regard to the requirements of the Mah Jong card :
It is legal to name a card of which you know that all 4 have already been played - doing so will put no burden on any player .
This is of course equivalent to simply choosing to not name a card at all .
Assume a " 7 " has been named as the player plays a row of 12345 .
If you have cards 5689 and the Phoenix ( wild / joker ) , you do NOT have to play on the trick .
However , if you have 5678 and the Phoenix , you DO have to play on the trick by making the Phoenix a 4 or a 9 , allowing you to play your " natural " 7 .
You would also have to play if you had 7777 .
( wild / joker ) , you do NOT have to play on the trick .
However , if you have 5678 and the , you DO have to play on the trick by making the a 4 or a 9 , allowing you to play your " natural " 7 .
You would also have to play if you had 7777 .
Since bombs can be played out of order , you can do some odd things .
For example , let us say you have 2222 456789 and the player before you plays the Mah Jong alone and calls for a 7 .
Basically you must either play a single 7 ( which would be bad as it would leave you with 5 fairly low single cards ) or you can instead play a bomb of 2222 .
If this bomb wins the trick , you must then play a 7 but it is legal to play the 7 then as part of a combination so you would be able to play the row of 456789 .
4 ) The order of play given above is counterclockwise - each player is followed by the player on his right .
Feel free to play it in the more common American clockwise fashion where each player is followed by the player on his left .
Hints
Try to get rid of your bad cards ( low single cards and pairs ) as quickly as possible and be economical with your " A's " , Dragon and Bombs .
Whoever , after a good power play , remains sitting on a single " 4 " has not yet grasped the garlic .
That is , do n't leave yourself with low cards and no way to ever get the lead .
If your partner is playing a Tichu , help him unreservedly .
When you are the Mah Jong player , do not demand any card that could deprive him of a Bomb nor of a trick .
Naming the card you passed to the player who plays after you is one way to make sure not to hurt your partner .
If an opponent declares a ' Tichu ' then play against him , so that he finds it hard to get rid of his cards .
Version 2
Tichu Tientsin ( for 6 players )
There are two teams of 3 players each .
The rules are the same as for the 4 player game with the following exceptions :
The ' large Tichu ' must be declared before you take your seventh card ( during the deal stage ) .
Each player only passes on 2 cards and only to his own 2 partners .
He in turn receives a card from each of them .
The " Dog " gives the " lead " to the partner of your choice
When reckoning up :
the last player gives the remaining cards in his hand and all his tricks to the opposing team .
the player finishing fifth gives all the tricks he has won to the winner of the round .
there is now a triple victory where one team has lost all its cards and the 3 rivals still have cards in their hands .
This is worth 300 points .
Version 3
Grandseigneur ( for 5 - 12 players )
This was marketed by Hexagames as Karrierepoker .
The Game Cabinet - editor@gamecabinet.com - Ken Tidwell
When Everything We Know is Wrong -- The Zen of Seinfeld
The news that the former cast of " Seinfeld " is going to reunite on the cable hit " Curb Your Enthusiasm , " brought back some fond memories .
As I noted in a previous post , I gave up my long - running obsession for watching " Seinfeld " re-runs last fall .
I 'm sure I 've forgotten a few classic lines or episodes .
But what I wo n't forget is the Zen of Seinfeld , one of the most underrated sources of spiritual inspiration on the planet .
One of my favorite episodes was " The Opposite . "
The episode opens with Jerry , Elaine and George sitting in the diner , waiting to order lunch .
George gives one of the most heartfelt speeches of his life .
I quote it here :
" It all became very clear to me sitting out there today that every decision i've ever made in my entire life has been wrong .
My life is the complete opposite of everything I want it to be .
Every instinct I have in every aspect of life .... it's all been wrong . "
The waitress checks in at the table and confirms that George wants the usual , tuna on toast .
George quickly assents , then changes his mind .
and delivers a Zen koan of a line .
" I want the complete opposite of tuna on toast . "
Weirdly enough , that sort of sums up my attraction to Robert Scheinfeld 's Busting Loose teachings .
I 'm not sure exactly what I want , but it 's the opposite of something .
As the show unfolds , George proceeds to do everything the opposite of what he would normally do , with great success in every facet of his life .
Now , putting aside the judgment of his life and whether we can make a wrong decision , I always thought George was on to something .
For me , the concept of " opposite " first appeared in my use of empowering language , a concept that I had explored before Seinfeld or Scheinfeld .
In a few selected instances , saying something completely alien to my instincts worked miracles and helped me reclaim power .
One time it involved a woman I 'll call Helen Wheels , a competitor at the rival newspaper .
In the early 90s , i had put myself through a particularly upsetting breakup with a girlfriend , we 'll call her Roz , who also worked at the rival newspaper .
Every time Helen saw me during this period , she would feign some concern , only to deliver a dagger to my heart with a tidbit about Roz and her life , which I was no longer part of .
I had given Helen the power to hurt me .
Several months after our breakup , and still admittedly not quite over it , I ran into Helen and her husband at a local coffee shop .
Helen was not 30 seconds into the conversation before she mentioned that Roz was currently in Paris with her new boyfriend .
For just a moment , I let the emotions wash over me , then quickly realized what she was up to .
" Have you ever been to Paris in spring ? " I asked Helen .
" It 's really beautiful .
I 'll bet they 're having a great time . "
I went on for a couple more minutes about the wonders of Paris , but I could see Helen was bewildered .
I felt like I 'd just dumped a bucket of water on the Wicked Witch of the West .
She never mentioned Roz in my presence again .
I had reclaimed the power from that illusion .
Another time , I began a torrid affair with a ( single ) soccer mom , whose son played on the team I coached .
It ended badly when she broke up with me a few months later , on Valentine 's Day .
I could not have scripted this drama any better .
The problem was , we still had an entire season to go and I really did n't want to continue to see her at every practice and game .
My discomfort , mixed with anger , was getting the best of me .
I did not know how I would survive the rest of the season .
I mentioned my upset to a friend , Rob , and explained how I thought she needed to apologize for the terrible way she had treated me .
Rob , in his wisdom , suggested I apologize to her .
This pissed me off even more .
But after the next practice , I walked over to her car and apologized to her for not behaving gracefully in the aftermath of our breakup and not being sensitive to how difficult the decision must have been for her .
Something like that .
She burst into tears and apologized to me .
It was a breakthrough .
My power came back .
The rest of the season passed quickly and we remained friends afterwards .
So now , when my awareness is aware , I will occasionally consider people and situations that are uncomfortable and think about what I could say that would not necessarily smooth over a situation , but grab the power right back .
It often involves delving into my deepest fears and saying something unimaginable in my Phase 1 moments , but something that my Expanded Self would have no problem yelling from the rooftops .
It might be something like announcing to an employee at the IRS office , " No problem , Agent Smith , the two - hour wait to talk to you was an exquisite opportunity to review my life and personal finances .
I appreciate your giving me a moment of your time and most importantly , allowing me to express my appreciation for what you and the IRS do with this large cashier 's check . "
Hey , it 's worth a try .
In " The Opposite , " Elaine tells George the beautiful woman at the lunch counter is looking at him , Instead of rationalizing why he's not worthy of approaching her , George goes against all his instincts , walks over and delivers this suave line .
" My name is George .
I 'm unemployed and I live with my parents . "
And he gets the girl .
I 'm just saying ....
Note : some of the data appears out of date - but if the data was updated regularly this would be a useful tool .
Healdsburg Housing Bubble directs me to a Google maps feature that shows houses in various states of distress .
The distress ranges from delinquent payments , to homes that will be auctioned off , to REOs .
It appears that Google uses several vendors for the data , and some of the vendors charge for more information .
Here is a look at a section of New York and New Jersey .
Click on the red dots for more info ( some data is free depending on the vendor ) .
Use the map here , or click on View larger map and enter your own zip code .
View Larger Map
A . For the most part , they want to help .
There have been some who , in some situations , have refused .
They are covered by something called the Common Rule , which includes the right to withdraw from an experiment at any time or to refuse to participate , without penalty  as any human research subject in the United States would be .
Astronauts have refused experiments that interfered with their getting enough sleep while in space  it ’s very hard to sleep in microgravity .
Others opted out because they were concerned that medical information collected on them could n’t really be private and might interfere with their getting health insurance after retirement .
But on a flight with seven people , if one opts out , you ’ve cut your research population significantly .
This led an advisory panel to suggest a “ modification of the interpretation ” of the Common Rule for astronauts .
I thought that the Common Rule was our most basic protection for human research subjects and said it was a mistake to erode it .
I recommended that what NASA should do is continue to increase something they ’d already started to do  involve the astronauts in every level of the research process .
For a reasonable concern like health insurance , I suggested that NASA offer lifetime insurance to the astronauts , which they are trying to now do .
It ’s a comparatively low - cost way to solve a problem .
To this date , there ’s been no modification of interpretation of the Common Rule for astronauts .
Q. WHAT WAS THE MOST UNUSUAL QUESTION NASA HAS POSED TO YOU ?
A . It was n’t an ethical question , it was a religious one .
My father , the late Gerald Wolpe , was a rabbi , as are two of my brothers .
There had been an Israeli on the crew of the Columbia shuttle .
After it broke up , NASA wanted to know about Jewish religious standards in regard to gathering and interring remains .
NASA teams were recovering pieces of bodies on the ground in Texas and Louisiana , much of it unidentifiable .
And NASA wanted to know if the Israeli government would want only Ilan Ramon ’s flesh returned to it because , if so , NASA would have to do genotyping of every piece of tissue .
That would take months .
I told them there were countervailing values .
In Judaism you bury the body as soon as possible .
I did n’t think the Israelis would want to have months and months pass .
I ’ve since heard that a lot of the tissue buried in the various graves of these astronauts was unidentified .
There ’s something touching that some of what is buried in each of their resting places is tissue from all of them .
Q. DID YOUR BECOMING A BIOETHICIST HAVE ANYTHING TO DO WITH YOUR FATHER ’S WORK ?
A. I think so .
He was very involved in bioethics , even before it was a recognized field of study .
He taught a course about death and dying at a medical school .
At a time when there were few dialysis machines for people with kidney disease , he was on a state commission to decide who could get priority access to them .
All of that came home in 1986 , when my mother had a stroke and he became her primary caregiver .
It made the whole family even more aware of the stresses caregivers suffer .
I was in graduate school at the time this happened , studying medical sociology .
But I could see that this new field , bioethics , was rapidly developing .
It combined everything I loved : medicine , the life sciences and the ethics I ’d grown up with .
For me , it was the perfect fit .
How many Canadians realize the Harper government is well into detailed talks aimed at concluding a comprehensive “ free trade ” agreement with the European Union ?
Probably not many yet , though hopefully more will soon .
In light of the bad experience with NAFTA and other similar trade deals worldwide , the last thing we need right now is yet another investor rights agreement , this time to increase the power of European and Canadian corporations at the expense of Canadian and European citizens .
But corporate lobby groups like the Canadian Council of Chief Executives are relentless .
Even though the global economic meltdown has totally discredited the prescription of deregulation , privatization and free trade , they continue to insist we need still more of it .
As with earlier trade deals , the push for the Canada / E.U. economic agreement has come from large corporations .
In October of 2008 , the Canada - Europe Roundtable presented a Declaration setting out the agenda for negotiations that was signed by more than 100 of the largest corporations in both Europe and Canada .
Amongst others , the signatories included : water multinationals Suez and Veolia from France ; pharmaceutical giants Bayer AG , Glaxo SmithKline and Merck ; huge oil companies like Royal Dutch Shell and Total S.A. as well as tar sands producer Suncor ; financiers Deutsche Bank and Power Financial Corporation ; mining companies like Barrick Gold and Teck Cominco ; infrastructure companies SNC - Lavalin , Bombardier and Bilfinger Berger AG ; and genetically modified seed producer Monsanto Canada .
Canada and the EU responded by setting up a joint committee to elaborate on what negotiations should cover .
That group reported on March 5 in what was blandly titled Joint Report on the EU - Canada Scoping Exercise .
Both the corporate Declaration and the bureaucratic report make clear that what is on the table is much more than trade in goods and services and a reduction of tariffs .
What is proposed is a sweeping expansion of earlier trade deals , possibly including public services like water and health care .
The corporate Declaration calls for a binding “ state of the art ” goods and services agreement “ covering new generation issues and outstanding barriers ” .
They ask for “ comity in environmental regulation ” and elimination of “ non-tariff barriers , ” the buzzword for public policies which corporations do n’t like .
The Scoping Exercise report provides more detail on what is at stake , particularly for Canadian public services that are within provincial jurisdiction .
It says : “ The provinces and territories will participate in the negotiations with a view to making binding commitments in all areas , wholly or in part , in their jurisdiction … ” and “ … the services provisions of any agreement should apply to measures taken by all levels of government … no mode of supply or services should be excluded a priori . ”
Pressure from European corporations for access to areas of provincial jurisdiction is a key reason for the Harper government ’s push for expansion across the country of internal trade agreements like the Trade , Investment and Labour Mobility Agreement ( TILMA ) between B.C. And Alberta .
TILMA permits corporations to sue governments for their policies and to obtain multi-million dollar fines if provinces or municipalities are found to be in violation of investor rights .
( For more on internal trade and the connection to the EU deal , see : State of Play by Steven Shrybman . )
Formal negotiations between Canada and the EU will begin May 6 at a Canada / EU Summit in Prague .
If a new economic deal is concluded between Canada and the EU , there will be serious implications for Canadian relations with the United States and Mexico .
That is because the NAFTA includes a “ most favored nation ” clause within its chapter on investment and services .
Article 1103 of the NAFTA specifies that each NAFTA country shall provide “ treatment no less favorable ” to another NAFTA party that it provides to any other party .
What that means in plain language is a real possibility that any concessions Canada provides to the Europeans will have to be provided to the U.S. and Mexico as well .
If we give European water or health companies preferential access to our provincial services , we may well have to offer the same access to U.S. and Mexican companies .
This is one reason why Canadians should be cautious about any feeling that an investor rights deal with Europe will somehow be kinder and gentler than other free trade deals .
Even though many European countries have social systems and public services which are superior to those in either Canada or the U.S. , the logic and history of free trade agreements everywhere is about pressuring standards downward and entrenching corporate rights .
There is an active trade justice movement throughout Europe precisely because of concern about the trade agreements the EU has already signed , generally with developing countries .
One U.K. based coalition of 80 groups with some 9 milliion members is actually called the Trade Justice Movement .
The Trade Justice Movement is “ campaigning for trade with the rules weighted to benefit poor people and the environment . ”
Their slogan is “ Stop Europe ’s unfair trade deals ” .
Groups like the T.J.M. , the Association for Taxation of Financial Transactions to Aid Citizens ( ATTAC , which has an active chapter in Quebec ) , the European Network for Public Services and the European Network on Debt and Development all offer the prospect of common cause for progressive Canadians as the Canada / EU talks proceed .
Some European activists , particularly environmentalists , may be concerned about entering into an investor rights deal with Canada , given our dreadful record on climate change , our unchecked tar sands development , our support for genetically modified foods and the bad international record of many Canadian mining companies .
European and Canadian activists may also find themselves working together on Colombian trade and human rights issues , given the recent introduction in the Canadian Parliament of legislation for a Canada / Colombia free trade agreement and the February announcement by the European Union that it too intends to enter into free trade talks with human rights renegade Colombia .
If Canadians want a glimpse of what an investor rights agreement with the EU may end up like , we need look no farther than Mexico .
Mexico entered into a free trade agreement with the EU in 2000 .
According to a 2007 report by Mexican trade experts Manuel Perez Rocha L. and Rodolfo Aguirre Reveles ( The E.U. - Mexico Free Trade Agreement Seven Years On : A warning to the global south , Transnational Institute , Mexican Action Network on Free Trade and ICCO ) :
“ Instead of the promised economic and social benefits , the treaty has left the Mexican state unable to implement policies to promote small and medium sized companies … across various economic sectors the FTA has worked to the benefit of European transnational corporations and to the detriment of Mexican industries . ”
Economically , free trade with the European Union is a big deal , since it is the world ’s largest economy , larger than the United States .
The EU accounts for 31 per cent of world economic output , which is more than the U.S. contribution of 26 per cent .
The gross domestic product of the EU in 2008 was 18.4 trillion U.S. dollars compared to 14.3 trillion for the U.S.
In comparison , Canada ’s GDP in 2008 was just 1.5 trillion .
The population of the EU is 491 million , compared to 303 million in the U.S. and just 33 million in Canada .
European transnational corporations are extremely rich and powerful and will not worry much about the democratic preferences of Canadian citizens or local governments should a Canada / EU trade deal be concluded .
The impressive protests during the G20 meetings in London at the beginning of April helped highlight the depth of anger in Europe about the prevailing economic model .
Unemployment is sharply on the rise in Europe , just as it is in Canada , and governments there -- as here -- are constrained from responding fully by the binding neo-liberal obligations of the trade agreements they have already signed .
Just what we do n’t need are new restrictions on the democratic rights of Europeans and Canadians to act decisively in the face of this economic crisis .
Instead , we desperately need what European social movements called for in the lead - up to the G20 meetings in what has been dubbed The Paris Declaration :
“ We can build a system that works for people and the environment , a system to serve the needs of the many , a system based on the principles of public benefit , global equity , justice , environmental sustainability and democratic control . ”
European and Canadian activists have many reasons to work together to try to achieve that vision .
Blair Redlin is a researcher with the Canadian Union of Public Employees , based in Burnaby , B.C.
In addition to bargaining support for CUPE 's municipal sector in B.C. , his research priorities include privatization and P3s , water , trade agreements , energy and transportation .
Newsnight 's full interview with Stephen Fry , in which the actor criticised the media interest in MPs ' expenses saying that : " It 's not that important , it really is n't . "
Fry told Michael Crick that he himself had " cheated things and fiddled things " and that the expenses revelations should not cause people to lose faith with politics and not be put off voting .
UPDATE : Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nev. , indicates the Senate will take up clunker reauthorization later today .
Apparently , too many Mercedes - Benz , Lincoln and Lexus luxury barges are showing up on cash for clunkers lists .
Now one senator wants to make reauthorization of the program , costing taxpayers another $ 2 billion , contingent on making sure only lower - income people benefit .
Sen .
Tom Harkin , D - Iowa , would limit the program to individuals with adjusted annual gross income of less than $ 50,000 or joint filers earning less than $ 75,000 , The Washington Post reports .
It 's one of several amendments likely to get voted down .
Is Harkin on the right track ?
A reporter from the Los Angeles Times found a salvage yard of clunkers turned in under the program studded with luxury cars , including a Mercedes - Benz and a good - looking , seven - year - old Lincoln with leather seats and all the goodies .
They apparently did n't appear to belong to people who who might otherwise not be able to afford a new car sometime soon .
A 1988 Lincoln is crushed under Cash for Clunkers , by Tom Dejak / AP
Tired of your partner not helping out with the kids after you 've had a tough day at work ?
At least you 're not a handicapped penguin parent trying to fish with a Plexiglas box strapped to your back .
Penguin pairs are known for their elaborate collaboration in raising chicks under harsh Antarctic conditions .
But it turns out penguins will take teamwork only so far .
When French scientists handicapped one bird from each of 46 pairs of Adélie penguins , partners of the unlucky birds did n't step up to help out their mates , or to provide extra food for their chicks .
" In Adélie penguins , when one mate was handicapped , no compensatory care was observed from the partner , " researchers from the Institut Pluridisciplinaire Hubert Curien reported Tuesday in Animal Behaviour .
" As a consequence , handicapped individuals and offspring both supported the whole additional breeding cost of the handicap . "
After a female penguin lays one or two eggs , she leaves the nest to forage for food while dad guards the eggs .
Once the chicks hatch , mom and dad share equal responsibility for baby - rearing , with one parent enduring long periods of fasting to care for chicks while the other parent hunts at sea .
To study the effects of a handicap on pair cooperation , the researchers chose one unlucky bird from each penguin pair and attached a small Plexiglas box to its middle - back feathers .
Similar to the first - generation tracking devices used by penguin researchers in the 1990s , the boxes were designed to increase underwater drag during diving and fishing , but not to interfere with the penguins ' other activities .
" According to previous studies , we could guess what the potential effects of the dummy devices would be on handicapped penguins , but not on their partner or their chicks , " animal ecologist Michael Beaulieu , a co-author on the study , wrote in an e-mail .
As expected , the handicapped penguins spent more time hunting at sea and came back with less food for their chicks .
But instead of helping out , partners of the handicapped birds essentially ignored the plight of their unlucky mates .
Partner penguins did n't compensate by spending more time foraging for food or bringing back extra fish .
And at the end of the study , while both handicapped birds and their chicks weighed less than their unhindered counterparts , the handicap - free partners stayed fat and happy .
It 's tempting to blame penguin partners for their negligence and insensitivity , especially because similar handicap studies in other species have shown that some birds , including passerines and great tits , do compensate for their mate 's deficiencies .
But Beaulieu has a different explanation : Because penguins are long - lived birds , it does n't make evolutionary sense for them to invest too much effort in any single reproductive season .
" Short - lived birds have only a few breeding attempts during their lifetime while long - lived birds have a lot , " he said .
" As a result , short - lived birds are expected to give the maximum during one breeding season to increase the probability of survival of their current chicks . "
Long - lived birds , on the other hand , should prioritize their own long - term survival over the outcome of individual chicks .
" Consequently , when the investment of the partner decreases , " Beaulieu said , " short - lived birds are expected to compensate while long - lived birds are expected to keep a fixed level of parental investment . "
The evolutionary explanation makes sense , but there 's one other possible explanation :
It appears that male penguins do n't have great communication skills .
Handicapped dads did n't convey their distress to females after returning from a hunt , and when mom came back squawking about her feeding troubles , dad did n't listen .
" If you do not ask for help , I will not help you , " Beaulieu said .
" That may also explain why they did not compensate . "
See Also :
Images : Michael Beaulieu
BANGKOK , Thailand ( CNN ) -- North Korea launched a scathing personal attack on U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Thursday after she likened the leadership in Pyongyang to " small children and unruly teenagers and people who are demanding attention . "
Hillary Clinton says N. Korea 's refusal to discuss nuclear program could provoke arms race .
At a meeting of southeast Asian nations in Phuket , Thailand , a North Korean Foreign Ministry spokesman blasted Clinton for what he called a " spate of vulgar remarks unbecoming for her position everywhere she went since she was sworn in , " according to the state - run KCNA news agency .
The spokesman called Clinton " by no means intelligent " and a " funny lady . "
" Sometimes she looks like a primary schoolgirl and sometimes a pensioner going shopping , " the statement said .
Read other colorful insults by N. Korea
The verbal tussle between the two countries culminated with the reclusive communist state making it clear that six - party nuclear talks , stalled for over a year , were effectively finished .
Clinton had earlier warned that North Korea 's refusal to discuss its nuclear program could escalate tensions and provoke an arms race in northeast Asia .
Watch as North Korea insults Clinton »
" I was gratified by how many countries from throughout the region spoke up and expressed directly to the North Korea delegation their concerns over the provocative behavior we have seen over the last few months , " Clinton said at a meeting of southeast Asian nations in Phuket , Thailand .
" Unfortunately , the North Korean delegation offered only an insistent refusal to recognize that North Korea has been on the wrong course , " she said .
" They expressed no willingness to pursue the path of denuclearization .
In their presentation today , they evinced no willingness to pursue the path of denuclearization , and that was troubling not only to the United States , but to the region and the international community . "
Her remarks came after the North Koreans issued their blunt statement in response to Clinton 's interview earlier in the week with ABC News .
Before Clinton 's remarks in Phuket on Thursday , the North Korean delegation attempted to take the podium to speak to the media .
But it was turned away by security guards .
North Korea tested a nuclear device in May and fired seven ballistic missiles earlier this month in defiance of a U.N. resolution .
At the Association of Southeast Asian Nations meeting , Clinton said she had unanimous support for U.N. Resolution 1874 , passed by the Security Council in June .
It tightened sanctions on North Korea , imposing an embargo on the shipment of arms from that nation .
The North protested the resolution by saying it would enrich uranium and weaponize plutonium , according to KCNA .
When enriched to a high degree , uranium can be used as weapons - grade material .
Plutonium can be used in atomic bombs .
Clinton said the United States will continue to push North Korea to come to the table .
She said a " full normalization of relationships " was possible if North Korea agreed to a verifiable dismantling of its nuclear program .
" The United States and its allies and partners cannot accept a North Korea that tries to maintain nuclear weapons , to launch ballistic missiles or to proliferate nuclear materials , " Clinton said .
" We are committed to the verifiable denuclearization of the Korean peninsula in a peaceful manner . "
The United States has also expressed concern that military cooperation between North Korea and Myanmar could destabilize the region .
CNN 's Dan Rivers contributed to this report from Bangkok , Thailand .
All About North Korea • U.S. Department of State • Hillary Clinton
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The US space agency Nasa has successfully launched the space shuttle Endeavour - at the sixth attempt .
Earlier launches at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida were called off because of bad weather and fuel leaks .
The crew will spend 11 days on the International Space Station , finishing work on a Japanese research laboratory .
If the shuttle had not taken off by Thursday , it would have had to have waited until the end of the month to make way for a Russian cargo ship .
" The weather is finally co-operating so it is now time to fly , " said launch director Pete Nickolenko .
" Persistence pays off , good luck and God speed . "
The seven crew members will spend 11 days on the space station Mission commander Mark Polansky replied : " We 're ready to go , and we 're going to take all of you with us on a great mission . "
The orbiter is taking a seven - strong crew into space , made up of six Americans and one Canadian - Julie Payette - who will operate the shuttle 's robotic arm during the mission .
Their arrival , on Friday , will bring the total crew on the outpost to 13 - a record for the International Space Station ( ISS ) .
On the first of five spacewalks , a platform will be added to the Japanese laboratory complex , Kibo , which can be used for experiments that require materials to be exposed to the harsh environment of space .
The crew will also install new batteries to one of the solar arrays , which provide power to the space station , and perform other maintenance tasks .
Astronaut Julie Payette is to operate the shuttle 's robotic arm In addition , Endeavour will deliver a new long - stay US crew member , Tim Kopra , to the ISS and bring back Japan 's Koichi Wakata , who has lived aboard the platform for more than three months .
The $ 100 bn space station , now about the size of a four - bedroom house , has been under construction for more than a decade .
This is the 127th space shuttle flight , the 29th to the station , the 23rd for Endeavour and the third in 2009 .
Seven further flights to the platform remain before the shuttles retire in 2010 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
About Dylan
Dylan Stumbo is a 15 year old freshman from Crown City , Ohio .
He was told he had three days to live over a month ago .
He has inoperable brain cancer and is undergoing chemo and radiation treatments at Children 's Hospital in Cincinnatti .
He has a full scholarship waiting on him at Marshall University and has been named an honorary Harlem Globetrotter .
PLEASE DONATE to help Dylan 's family .
The fall of the Berlin Wall was part of a chain reaction started by biologist Janos Vargha and his campaign to stop construction of a dam ( Sipa Press / Rex Features )
Twenty years ago the Berlin Wall came down , as the Communist regimes of eastern Europe fell one by one .
Who was the first to shake its foundations ?
Was it cold warrior Ronald Reagan ?
Or Soviet reformer Mikhail Gorbachev ?
Well , maybe they had a role .
But step forward a tenacious biologist Janos Vargha , whose campaign to halt a dam on the river Danube brought Hungarian hardliners to their knees .
When reformers took over in Budapest , their first act was to cancel the dam – and their second was to open the border with Austria .
As thousands of Hungarians and East Germans flooded through , the game was up for communism .
The wall fell and Europe was transformed .
THE story behind the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 began nine years earlier , when Janos Vargha , a biologist from the Hungarian Academy of Sciences began a new career as a writer with a small monthly nature magazine called Buvar .
In an early assignment , he went to a beauty spot on the river Danube outside Budapest known as the Danube Bend , the site of an ancient Hungarian capital , to interview local officials about plans for a small park .
It was humdrum stuff – until one official mentioned in passing that this tree - lined curve in the river , a popular picnic spot for Hungarians , was to be drowned by a giant hydroelectric dam being planned in secret by a much - feared state agency known simply as the Water Management . …
При разработке сайтов возникает проблема хранения множества изображений и прочих медиа - файлов .
Такие медиа - файлы могут занимать ощутимое количество места на диске , которое в век повального применения ssd дисков становится дороже .
Да и бекапить такие данные часто накладно .
Кроме того эти файлы создаются один раз и хранятся всё время существования сайта ( зачастую ) , и таскать эти файлы за собой с сервера на сервер с каждым годом становится неприятно .
Знакомо ?
Давайте попробуем разобраться как дешево можно решить проблему .
Читать дале е Настройка nginx для раздачи статики и экономия места на диск е
( CNN ) -- South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford , already under fire for an extramarital relationship , should be impeached for abusing state finances , a Republican state senator said Monday .
A Republican senator in South Carolina says Gov. Mark Sanford should be impeached over financial violations .
Sen . David Thomas -- the chairman of the Senate constitutional and administrative subcommittee -- wrote to leaders of the Republican - controlled Senate , accusing the governor of violating state regulations .
The allegations involve flights he took to London , England , and China in 2006 and 2007 on state business .
South Carolina requires the governor to charge the state the lowest rate available unless there are overriding circumstances , such as emergency travel .
" The two flights by Gov. Sanford were in violation of the South Carolina Code of Regulations , " Thomas said in his letter .
" The difference in price between the most economical and the more expensive price of the seats the governor chose is approximately $ 13,700 . "
Thomas said he thought the violations were enough to trigger impeachment proceedings .
" If I were in the House , the answer would be yes , I would be involved in the beginning of the impeachment process , " he said .
" I think there is enough data right now to take seriously a move toward impeachment .
Is that sufficient for impeachment ?
That I do n't know . "
Sanford has been under fire since he disappeared in late June .
Initially , there was speculation that he had simply gone off to recover from a bruising legislative session , in which he lost a fight to reject $ 700 million in federal stimulus money .
His office tried to quiet the rumors , saying Sanford was hiking along the Appalachian Trail .
But the governor offered a different account when spotted in the Atlanta , Georgia , airport after nearly a week out of pocket .
With his wife nowhere in sight , a teary - eyed Sanford confessed to the affair with a woman from Argentina in a rambling news conference .
He stepped down as head of the Republican governors ' group .
Thomas urged Sanford to resign after he admitted his affair .
Sanford said then that he intended to continue as governor and would try to rebuild his relationship with his wife and family .
Last Friday , South Carolina first lady Jenny Sanford said she and her four boys were moving out of the governor 's mansion in Columbia and back to their home in Charleston for the upcoming school year .
Jenny Sanford announced the news in a statement e-mailed to reporters , days after the family returned from a two - week vacation to an undisclosed location in Europe .
In response to his wife 's decision , Sanford said , " The first lady 's office has already put out a statement that speaks for the family , on this decision that we felt best , both for our process of reconciliation , and for the boys in the upcoming school year . "
All About Mark Sanford • South Carolina • South Carolina Republican Party
PENSACOLA , Florida ( CNN ) --
A fourth suspect has been arrested in the shooting deaths of a Gulf Coast couple known for adopting special - needs children , authorities said late Monday .
Police say they have evidence that places Gary Lamont Sumner at the crime scene .
Gary Lamont Sumner faces a murder charge for his alleged role in the deaths of Byrd and Melanie Billings on Thursday , Escambia County , Florida , Sheriff David Morgan said .
Sumner was pulled over in a traffic stop in Okaloosa County Sunday and arrested after authorities found he matched a description put out by Escambia authorities .
Police believe six to eight people were involved in the homicides , which occurred in the couple 's home in Beulah , west of Pensacola , near the Alabama state line .
Watch surveillance video of the home invasion »
The crime was " a very well - planned and methodical operation , " Morgan said .
Wayne Coldiron , 41 ; Leonard Patrick Gonzalez Jr. , 35 , and Leonard Patrick Gonzalez Sr. , 56 , were arrested over the weekend .
Coldiron and the younger Gonzalez face charges of murder , robbery and residential home invasion ; the elder Gonzalez faces charges of evidence tampering for allegedly trying to disguise a vehicle spotted at the home .
Morgan said at least three others are persons of interests in the investigation .
" We expect more arrests to be imminent , " Morgan told reporters .
Both of the Billingses were shot multiple times , Morgan said , but he would not release further details on their deaths .
Authorities released two surveillance tapes taken from the front and rear of the Billingses ' home .
Each shows a vehicle pulling up to the property , and five people dressed in black and wearing masks entering the home through two entrances -- including through a utility door left unlocked , something Morgan said is not uncommon in the community .
Authorities believe drivers remained in both of the cars .
Investigators believe one motive in the deaths was robbery , but " we believe there are other motives , " Morgan said .
He would not say what , if anything , was taken from the home .
Melanie Billings ' biological daughter , Ashley Markham , told reporters the couple initially had 17 children -- two biological children each for Byrd and Melanie Billings , with the rest adopted .
Three have died over the years , she said .
The couple had no biological children together .
Watch Ashley Markham say , " Love was never scarce " in Billings home »
Morgan , however , said the couple had a total of 16 children , with two that have died and others that have grown older and no longer live in the Billingses ' home .
Nine of the couple 's children were home at the time of the incident , Morgan said , and police believe three of them saw the intruders .
One managed to flee the home and seek help at a neighbor 's house , the sheriff said .
Coldiron and the younger Gonzalez were being held on $ 1 million bond , according to records posted on the sheriff 's Web site .
The senior Gonzalez was being held on $ 250,000 bond .
One of the first three arrested is believed to be the mastermind behind the crime , Morgan said , but would not say which one .
Watch a report on the arrests in the complex case »
Police also released a surveillance photo taken at a Wal - Mart in nearby Gulf Breeze , Florida , recently .
Two of the people in the photo are Sumner and the younger Gonzalez , but authorities want to know who the other man is , Morgan said .
The sheriff called the surveillance tapes " chilling . "
He noted the vehicles were at the home less than 10 minutes , and the five people were in the house less than four minutes .
" It leads me to believe that this was a very well - planned and methodical operation , " Morgan said .
Watch experts describe the " military - style " attack »
Although the Billingses were well known in the community , the sheriff said authorities are still trying to unravel why they were targeted .
He compared their deaths to the slaying of the Clutter family of Kansas , inspiration for Truman Capote 's novel " In Cold Blood , " noting the Clutter murders were something the community struggled with for years .
" It will be a very long time , I believe , until we piece together the truth of why this family was selected , " Morgan said .
Police believe the suspects might have bought the clothes they wore to the home and were reviewing surveillance tapes and photos from several stores , he said .
Morgan said the crime 's complexity is frustrating for investigators , comparing it to a complicated mathematics or word problem that lacks complete information .
" It seems as though each phase we complete , while we answer a set of questions , it opens up an additional set of questions . "
Earlier , he said the complete story , when revealed , is " going to be a humdinger . "
Asked whether the suspects entered the home planning to kill the couple , Morgan said authorities do not know .
Markham said earlier the family does not know any of the three suspects .
She said the children " are coping very well " and are being cared for .
" They have n't asked too many questions , " she said , noting that several have disabilities .
While the investigation continues , the family is keeping the children 's whereabouts a secret .
CNN 's David Mattingly contributed to this report .
All About Florida • Murder and Homicide
In the case of oil and gas trading , regulators made it clear that they were willing to move , without waiting for Congress to act on Mr. Obama ’s overhaul , invoking their existing powers .
The Commodity Futures Trading Commission said it would consider imposing volume limits on trading of energy futures by purely financial investors and that it already has adopted tougher information requirements aimed at identifying the role of hedge funds and traders who swap contracts outside of regulated exchanges like the New York Mercantile Exchange .
“ My firm belief is that we must aggressively use all existing authorities to ensure market integrity , ” said Gary Gensler , chairman of the commission , in a statement .
He said regulators would also examine whether to impose federal “ speculative limits ” on futures contracts for energy products .
Much of Mr. Gensler ’s announcement was focused on precise issues well within his agency ’s authority , suggesting that he was serious about seeking changes .
But his proposals could encounter fierce opposition from big banks and Wall Street firms , which are each big traders in the commodity markets and manage big investment funds focused on commodities .
Oil prices hit a record high of $ 145 a barrel last summer , then plunged to $ 33 a barrel last December and have since bounced back to more than $ 60 .
Much of the wild swings over the last year were caused by chaos in the global financial system , as banks and much of Wall Street came perilously close to collapse last September and the global economy fell into the most severe recession in decades .
On the surface this is a poem about the tragedy of losing someone that you love .
More deeply it deals with the mistake of looking for something else when you should be satisfied with what you already have .
Too often people are so busy pursuing happiness that they do n't realize that they already have many things to be happy about in their life .
Unfortunately , most of the time people do n't truly appreciate those things until they are gone and it's too late .
I hope that you enjoy the poem and feel very free to leave any feedback in the comments .
CLEVELAND -- Mayor Frank Jackson will get a firsthand look at business prospects for Cleveland during a tour Wednesday of a Canadian port .
Jackson will lead a 13 - person delegation of port , civic and union leaders to the Port of Halifax , Nova Scotia .
Adam Wasserman , president of the Cleveland - Cuyahoga County Port Authority , has said docks and warehouses on the downtown lakefront could realize more business by linking with Halifax .
Big , ocean - going freighters carrying containers could avoid the congestion of East Coast ports by docking at Halifax and transferring cargo to smaller ships , as Wasserman and other business - development specialists on the Great Lakes see it .
The ships would ply the St. Lawrence Seaway to Great Lakes ports , including Cleveland .
The vision has drawn skeptics .
Cleveland receives no containers now .
And such a service would face challenges , including stiff competition from railroads that do n't want to lose container - moving business from the East Coast .
Jackson , who supports Wasserman 's efforts to lure containers here , will check out the Halifax port 's container terminal , cruise ship docks and a nearby industrial park today .
On Thursday , the delegation will meet with a group that 's developing a deep - water port in Melford , also in Nova Scotia .
The delegation returns Thursday evening .
" We 're hopeful that a mutually beneficial relationship will develop between our two ports , " Jackson said in a news release .
The trip is the latest of the mayor 's trips beyond American borders in search of international commerce .
He 's marketing the city as a gateway to the Midwest .
Others joining Jackson include port board Chairman Steven Williams ; board members Robert Peto and Brian Hall ; Chris Warren , Jackson 's chief of regional development ; John Baker , assistant general organizer , International Longshoremen 's Association ; and Ronn Richard , president of the Cleveland Foundation .
The port authority will pay for the trip , estimated at $ 10,000 to $ 12,000 , a port spokesman said .
Enlarge By Frank Polich , Bloomberg News Workers take a break at a construction site along Interstate 294 near Chicago on June 1 .
Public construction projects may increase in coming months driven by stimulus spending .
WASHINGTON  Billions of dollars in federal aid delivered directly to the local level to help revive the economy have gone overwhelmingly to places that supported President Obama in last year 's presidential election .
That aid — about $ 17 billion — is the first piece of the administration 's massive stimulus package that can be tracked locally .
Much of it has followed a well - worn path to places that regularly collect a bigger share of federal grants and contracts , guided by formulas that have been in place for decades and leave little room for manipulation .
REPORT : Cities missing out on much needed road funds STIMULUS FUNDS : States are n't using money as intended " There 's no politics at work when it comes to spending for the recovery , " White House spokesman Robert Gibbs says .
Counties that supported Obama last year have reaped twice as much money per person from the administration 's $ 787 billion economic stimulus package as those that voted for his Republican rival , Sen .
John McCain , a USA TODAY analysis of government disclosure and accounting records shows .
That money includes aid to repair military bases , improve public housing and help students pay for college .
The reports show the 872 counties that supported Obama received about $ 69 per person , on average .
The 2,234 that supported McCain received about $ 34 .
Investigators who track the stimulus are skeptical that political considerations could be at work .
The imbalance is so pronounced — and the aid so far from complete — that it would be almost inconceivable for it to be the result of political tinkering , says Adam Hughes , the director of federal fiscal policy for the non-profit OMB Watch .
" Even if they wanted to , I do n't think the administration has enough people in place yet to actually do that , " he says .
" Most of what they 're doing at this point is just stamping the checks and sending them out , " Hughes says .
The stimulus package Obama signed in February includes about $ 499 billion in new spending , and to date , the Obama administration has allocated about $ 158 billion to specific projects and programs .
Most of that money has gone directly to state governments , which then disperse the money to prevent school layoffs , repair roads and fund social services .
That contrasts with the $ 17 billion that Washington distributes directly to local communities .
Including the larger chunk of money given to state governments , the aid favors states that voted for Obama , which have received about 20 % more per person
Not all of the money favors places that supported Obama .
About a third of the $ 17 billion , or $ 5.5 billion , in contracts that the federal government has signed for projects ranging from repaving runways to cleaning up nuclear waste has gone overwhelmingly to counties that supported McCain .
Jake Wiens , an investigator with the non-profit Project on Government Oversight , says it 's too soon to draw meaningful conclusions about whether the type of aid in the stimulus favors Obama 's constituents .
But , he says , " it will be important to pay close attention as the data come in to ensure that political favoritism plays no role . "
The imbalance did n't start with the stimulus .
From 2005 through 2007 , the counties that later voted for Obama collected about 50 % more government aid than those that supported McCain , according to spending reports from the U.S. Census Bureau .
USA TODAY 's review did not include Alaska , which does not report its election results by county .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Could you tell me how large the individual corrugated panels for these tanks are , please ?
I may get a tank similar to this and I have to make sure the parts will pass through the property , as there 's no access to the rear garden other than through the property .
Thx .
The International Congress of Mathematicians is held every four years , and the next iteration , ICM 2010 , will be held about a year from now , in Hyderabad , India .
These are huge conferences , planned well in advance , with 1465 mathematicians already pre-registered .
The list of speakers gives a good indication of what the mathematical establishment views as the most important research activity of the past four years , and this list is now available here .
There are a large number of parallel sessions , and a limited number ( 20 ) of plenary talks .
The winners of the Fields medal are announced at the ICM , at the same time as the composition of the committee that made the choice ( the chair of the committee , Laszlo Lovasz , is known ) .
One way to help guess who will win a Fields medal is to take a look at those on the speakers list who are under forty .
I ’m not privy to any inside information , but many people think Ngo is a shoo - in for his work on the fundamental lemma ( he ’s a plenary speaker ) , and there ’s some speculation about Jacob Lurie ( who is a parallel session speaker ) .
This year there ’s a new prize to be awarded at the ICM , the Chern Medal , for “ an individual whose accomplishments warrant the highest level of recognition for outstanding achievements in the field of mathematics . ”
This one , unlike the Fields , comes with a significant amount of money ( $ 250,000 , and another $ 250,000 for the medalists favorite mathematical organization ) .
There can be no denying it – the unsolved mysteries lists are amongst the most popular on the site .
Fortunately for us there are still millions of them to write about .
The only problem now is finding new titles for the lists !
For those that may be interested in the previous lists of mysteries , here they are :
Top 10 Unsolved Mysteries
Another 10 Unsolved Mysteries
Yet Another 10 Unsolved Mysteries
10 More Unsolved Mysteries
10 More Unsolved Mysteries of the World
10 More Mysteries of the Unexplained , and
Another 10 Mysteries That Defy Explanation .
This list now brings our total number of mystery lists to 8 , meaning that we have covered 80 amazing mysteries .
Enjoy the list and – as always , be sure to tell us your own favorites in the comments ( but remember : check the older lists if you think we have missed something – chances are we have n’t . )
10 Shag Harbour Incident
The Shag Harbour UFO Incident was the documented impact of an unknown large object into Shag Harbour , Nova Scotia , in October 1967 .
The crash was investigated by various Canadian government agencies , and at least one underwater search was launched to recover remains of the object .
The Canadian government declared that no known aircraft was involved and the source of the crash remains unknown to this day .
It is one of very few cases where governmental agency documents have formally declared an unidentified flying object was involved .
The case was also briefly investigated by the U.S. Condon Committee UFO study , which offered no explanation .
9 Katz II
In 2007 , the 12 - metre catamaran , the Kaz II , was discovered unmanned off the coast of Queensland , northeast Australia in April .
The yacht , which had left Airlie Beach on Sunday 15 April , was spotted about 80 nautical miles ( 150 km ) off Townsville , near the outer Great Barrier Reef on the following Wednesday .
When boarded on Friday , the engine was running , a laptop was running , the radio and GPS were working and a meal was set to eat , but the three - man crew were not on board .
All the sails were up but one was badly shredded , while three life jackets and survival equipment , including an emergency beacon , were found on board .
Investigators recovered a video recording that showed footage taken by the crew shortly before their disappearance .
The footage showed nothing abnormal .
8 The Cando Event
The Cando event was an explosion that occurred in the village of Cando , Spain , in the morning of January 18 , 1994 .
There were no casualties in this incident , which has been described as being like a small Tunguska event .
Witnesses claim to have seen a fireball in the sky lasting for almost one minute .
A possible explosion site was established when a local resident called the University of Santiago de Compostela to report an unknown gouge in a hillside close to the village .
Up to 200 m³ of terrain was missing and trees were found displaced 100 m down the hill .
The mystery became fertile ground for conspiracy theories that point to military or “ alien activities ” .
7 Surrey Puma
From the 1960s on , a mysterious black cat resembling a puma has been seen in and around south western Surrey in England .
It was seen a number of times by locals and also by government officials .
In 1963 a sighting by a policeman sparked further interest in the subject and one year later an ox was found mutilated by a large creature .
Over 300 reports of the black cat were received by the police in one year alone .
Speculation and interest dwindled again until another policeman caught the cat on film in the same year as a massive paw print was discovered .
6 The Bloop
The Bloop is the name given to an ultra-low frequency underwater sound detected by the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration several times during the summer of 1997 .
The source of the sound remains unknown .
According to the NOAA description , it “ rises rapidly in frequency over about one minute and was of sufficient amplitude to be heard on multiple sensors , at a range of over 5,000 km . ”
According to scientists who have studied the phenomenon it matches the audio profile of a living creature but there is no known animal that could have produced the sound .
If the sound did come from an animal , it would reportedly have to be several times the size of the largest known animal on Earth .
You can listen to the bloop here .
5 The Lead Masks Case
The Lead Masks Case refers to the discovery of the bodies of two electronic technicians in Brazil in 1966 .
The bodies were found in a field wearing impermeable coats and lead masks ( usually used to protect against radiation – pictured above ) .
Even stranger was the discovery of a small notebook beside the bodies with signs and numbers , and a letter in which was written : “ 16:30 be at the agreed place .
18:30 swallow capsules , after effect protect metals wait for the mask sign ” .
A waitress who was the last to see them alive said that one of them looked very nervous and kept glancing at his watch .
There were no obvious injuries on the bodies .
Gracinda Barbosa Cortino de Souza and her children , who lived next to the hill where the men died , claimed that they had seen a UFO flying over the spot at the exact moment the detectives believed the two men must have died .
4 The Grinning Man
The Grinning Man is a mysterious man who has been sighted during heightened UFO encounters as well as during the 1960s Mothman sightings .
Two young eyewitnesses said he turned and looked at them with a permanent grin on his face .
According to the men who interviewed the boys : “ [t ] he man was over six feet tall , they agreed , and was dressed in a sparkling green coverall costume that shimmered and seemed to reflect the street lights .
There was a wide black belt around his waist . ”
The boys also said “ He had a very dark complexion , and little round eyes …real beady … set far apart . ”
The most frightening and bizarre aspect of the encounter is the fact that “ They could not remember seeing any hair , ears , or nose on this figure . ”
During the Mothman sightings , the grinning man is said to have telepathically told a witness that his name was “ Indrid Cold ” .
3 Toynbee Tiles
The Toynbee tiles are messages of mysterious origin found embedded in asphalt in about two dozen major cities in the United States and three South American capitals .
Since the 1980s , several hundred tiles have been discovered .
They are generally about the size of an American license plate , but sometimes considerably larger .
They contain some variation on the following inscription :
TOYNBEE IDEA
IN KUBRICK’S 2001
RESURRECT DEAD
ON PLANET JUPITER .
The majority of tiles contain text similar to that above , although a second set is often found nearby .
Several of these allude to a mass conspiracy between the press ( including newspaper magnate John S. Knight of Knight - Ridder ) , the U.S. government , the USSR ( even in tiles seemingly made years after the Soviet Union ’s dissolution ) , and Jews .
The writing is of a similar style and poor quality .
A tile that used to be located in Santiago de Chile mentions a street address in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania : 2624 S. 7th Philadelphia , PA .
The current occupants of the house know nothing about the tiles and are annoyed by people who ask .
2 Taman Shud Case
In 1948 the body of a man was found on Somerton beach in Adelaide , Australia .
The man was never identified .
Police found a suitcase which they believed was his containing clothing in which all but three items had their name tags removed .
The name on the remaining items pointed them to a man who was later identified as not being the dead man .
A small note in the man ’s pocket said “ taman shud ” which is the last line of the Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam .
It had been cut from a book .
A doctor seeing the note on the TV contacted police to say that the book had appeared in the backseat of his unlocked car .
It was the copy that had had the note removed .
In the back of the book were coded markings which have not been able to be deciphered as yet :
MRGOABABD
MTBIMPANETP
MLIABOAIAQC
ITTMTSAMSTGAB
A name in the front of the book led police to a woman who said she had given it to a man named Boxall during the Second World War .
Upon seeing a plaster cast of the dead man she identified him as Boxall .
This appeared to solve the mystery of who the man was , until Boxall was discovered alive with his copy of the book undamaged .
Coincidentally the woman who identified the man lived in Glenelg – the last town visited by the dead man before he travelled by bus to his final destination .
The woman asked police not to record her name as she was married and wanted to avoid scandal – they foolishly complied and her identity is now also unknown .
This is considered to be one of Australia ’s most profound mysteries .
Wikipedia has extensive information on this fascinating case here .
1 Sudarium of Oviedo
The Sudarium of Oviedo ( kept in the Cathedral of San Salvador , Oviedo , Spain ) is said to be the cloth that was wrapped around the head of Jesus after his crucifixion .
Like the Shroud of Turin , it bears markings consistent with the manner of death and other evidence supports the fact that it was , at some point , on the same body as the shroud .
Carbon dating has given two different results ( 7th century and 14th century ) but , again like the shroud , the areas tested were most likely from repairs from the middle ages .
In support of a more ancient date are pollen grains which date from the 1st century in the Middle East .
The blood stains on both the shroud and the sudarium are the same , and the materials of the cloths are identical .
The majority of the stains on the sudarium match the head region of the shroud .
The Sudarium is believed to be the cloth mentioned in the Bible :
And when he stooped down , he saw the linen cloths lying ; but yet he went not in .
Then cometh Simon Peter , following him , and went into the sepulchre , and saw the linen cloths lying , And the napkin that had been about his head [ Sudarium ? ] , not lying with the linen cloths [ Shroud ? ] , but apart , wrapped up into one place .
— John 20:5- 7
Visitors to Oviedo can see the Sudarium on display every year on Good Friday , the Feast of the Triumph of the Cross ( 14 September ) , and its octave ( 21 September ) .
This article is licensed under the GFDL because it contains quotations from Wikipedia .
We 're not covering Britney Spears tonight .
Yes , we know she 's been number one on Billboard 's Top 200 4 times .
Yes , we know she 's a pop sensation that sells out arenas all over the world , but here 's the rub : press access for Ms. Spears ' concert tonight is $ 150 .
Press access .
According to the concert promoters the Circus Tour is a " no comp tour " meaning there 's no way for us to get a review without blowing 150 big ones .
As we 've suddenly found ourselves with some extra time on our hands , we 've decided to present you with a list of the top 5 things we 'd rather blow $ 150 on than seeing Britney Spears in concert .
We promise we 're not bitter .
5 : Go to a Circus
For $ 150 dollars we could get primo seats at Barnum & Bailey with a few packages of peanuts and a laser sword or two .
We 'd enjoy an actual circus more than Britney 's ( her tour , not her actual life ) .
At least when we heard the sound of monkeys screeching we'd know it was actual monkeys and not a talent - less hack .
4 : Go to a Strip Club
Making it rain to the tune of $ 150 would buy us a great lap dance and probably a few over - priced cocktails .
Yeah , we'd be paying some drunk girl to swing on a pole and grind on our junk , but at least we 'd still be able to look at ourselves in the mirror the next morning .
3 : Donate the $ 150 to Bands That Play Britney 's Songs Better Than She Does
All kidding aside , Britney ( read : her song writers ) are responsible for some of the most well - crafted pop songs ever .
Maybe that 's why so many bands are quick to prove how much better they are when played by actual musicians .
These artists deserve some financial compensation for making this songs listenable .
We send $ 50 each to Franz Ferdinand for their cover of " Womanizer " Children of Bodom for their version of " Oops ! I Did It Again " and Travis for their acoustic version of " Hit Me Baby One More Time . "
2 : Listen to Any Other Artist Created by the Walt Disney Company
Do n't get us wrong .
We understand that most of the " music " produced by the Walt Disney company is the kind of schlock that will cause instantaneous bleeding from the ears of anyone who is n't under 12 years old , but the pain and suffering we'd feel at the hands of the Christina Agulera or even Hilary " Lizzie Mcguire " Duff .
Unlike Britney , a few former Disney drones went on to leave their bubble gum behind and transform with the times .
We 're not naming names .
Let 's just say that if Britney 's upset about this top 5 list , she can " Cry Me A River . "
1 : Purchase a Strait Jacket
You know , for our shaved - head , British accent phase
I 've played chase - the - reservation at some top restaurants and put my name on waiting lists , praying for cancellations , at places like The Fat Duck , The Ivy and Nobu .
But until now , I 've never had to have Home Office clearance and a government minder to get a table .
Then again , The Clink is no ordinary venue .
As the only commercial restaurant in the country to open inside a prison , it 's arguably the nation 's most exclusive eatery .
Based in HMP High Down , a category B prison in Surrey , the £ 550,000 restaurant opened this month and you are unlikely to see it advertised on Toptable.com .
Visitors lucky enough to eat there are in for a unique culinary experience .
Once you 've handed over your mobile phone and any sharp objects and been buzzed through the solid steel prison doors , a prison guard escorts you past 30 ft - high , razor wire - topped walls , through barred doors , security gates and past CCTV cameras to an anonymous brown door .
Stepping through it is like stepping through the wardrobe into Narnia .
You could be in any of the aforementioned West End venues .
I had to walk back out again just to check I was still in a prison .
When you 've come to terms with the sophisticated , high - end interior , the next shock is the attentive staff buzzing around the venue .
In his book , Kitchen Confidential , Anthony Bourdain wrote that most kitchens are manned by " whacked - out moral degenerates , dope fiends , refugees , a thuggish assortment of drunks , sneak - thieves , sluts and psychopaths " .
In the case of The Clink , and with all due respect to the committed men who work there , he 's not far off the mark .
Front and back of house , the diligent , courteous waiters and chefs are all time - serving offenders .
The chef cooking your main meal on the bespoke Moltenia stove could be doing time for manslaughter and a convicted fraudster could be taking your order .
The head chef and maitre d' are both former drug smugglers .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The final sucker punch is served up in the food .
Freshly prepared dishes include sauté breast of chicken with pepperonata served with radicchio risotto , poached Pollack fillet with clams and bacon and spaghetti with fresh lemon , garlic and basil sauce .
Despite the obvious puns about doing porridge and serving thyme , there is a serious side .
The Clink aims to train prisoners in high - end food service and preparation , ready for their release .
It offers rehabilitation and opportunity through food .
The Clink takes Jamie Oliver 's philanthropic Fifteen philosophy and injects it full of steroids .
The architect of the project is charismatic chef Alberto Crisci , formerly of Mirabelle in Mayfair and the Regent Crest Hotel .
As prison catering manager , he wanted to provide a vocation for inmates interested in food beyond doling out slops of mashed potato in the prison canteen , so he decided to build a high - spec restaurant within the gaol walls .
When the prison underwent a £ 60 million redevelopment , with the support of the governor , Peter Dawson , Crisci started raising extra funds to make what is technically a staff mess into a state - of - the - art commercial restaurant and training facility .
With an extra £ 250,000 raised by McGrath Charitable Trust , a body run by Kevin McGrath , the former Chairman of QPR football club , he realised his dream .
" The spec was ambitious , " he admits .
" I wanted a West End restaurant in the prison .
I got what I wanted , but not what I expected . "
Designed by television makeover show presenter Derek Taylor and his Ishoka design consultancy , The Clink interior boasts computer - controlled mood lighting , air conditioning , state - of - the - art sound system and slate - effect feature wall .
All the furnishings were made by prisoners .
Even the marble - tiled conveniences have piped music , possibly a world first for prison toilet .
The salad bar has an electronic glass cover that lowers to keep the hand - made roasted peppers , couscous and fresh salad selection daisy - fresh .
Once locked inside The Clink , the only giveaways that you are dining at Her Majesty 's pleasure are the green panic alarms on the walls and the plastic cutlery .
While you can eat from china plates and drink from glass tumblers , prison service rules state that no metal cutlery is allowed .
Only exemplary , motivated inmates are chosen .
" We assess criteria like the crimes they have committed , behaviour , health , risk of violence or escape , " says Crisci .
" I observe them in the main kitchen ; see how they respond and how motivated they are .
The Clink has a zero tolerance policy to any bad behaviour because we have customers from the outside world .
Prisoners only have to step out of line once and they are out .
This is a real restaurant , we are not playing here .
I expect them to do exactly what I ask them to do . "
Running a restaurant within prison walls is not without its challenges .
Financial constraints and the lack of metal cutlery mean minute steak in béarnaise sauce replaces cuts like filet and rib eye .
As Crisci explains : " We can't serve you anything tough , so we concentrate on slow - cooked dishes like shoulder of lamb and mutton hotpot . "
Wine can be arranged for special occasions , but because of the protocols surrounding bringing alcohol into prisons , it has to be tightly audited .
Even baking bread presents unique hurdles .
" The problem is the yeast , " says Crisci .
" It has to be carefully managed .
If you have yeast , you have the means to produce alcohol .
The prisoners working here are not the problem , but if it finds its way into the prison you have an issue . "
Despite the limitations , quality of ingredients is paramount .
Meat is sourced from an organic supplier , fish is supplied by a father - and - son business that operates from Selsey on the West Sussex coast and vegetables and salad are supplied from the prison 's own gardens .
Prisoners make their own stock from the chicken carcasses they butcher for ballotine of chicken stuffed with oxtail and black pudding ; all pasta is handmade as are the cakes and biscuits served with coffee .
" We try and keep everything fresh and seasonal .
We do a decent range of dishes and change the menu depending on what is available .
The emphasis is on quality , " explains Crisci .
So far , reviews have been positive and customers have included Ronald Kinton , author of Practical Cookery and a party of 20 from the local rotary club .
As well as prison staff and their families , The Clink takes bookings from individuals , companies and organisations who are interested in providing future support , as well as accommodation companies , training groups , journalists , media , charities , patrons , members of the justice system , employers , politicians and groups involved in rehabilitation .
It serves up to 1000 meals a day and also has a mezzanine level 18 - seat banqueting room available for corporate hire .
The project is partnered with a local resettlement charity so in theory , prisoners training there for NVQ qualifications have the opportunity to leave prison with a job and accommodation , key elements proven to stop reoffending .
Crisci explains : " Once I started working with the inmates and saw their talents and got to know them I realised they are like you and me , the only difference is that they made a mistake , committed a crime and ended up in prison .
I could see that some of them , with help , could easily turn their backs on crime and get a job on the outside .
There are different levels of ability here , there are at least two guys here who could hold their heads up in any Michelin - starred restaurant . "
Prison Governor Peter Dawson is aware that critics will question why convicted prisoners deserve the opportunity The Clink provides .
" I 'm a taxpayer and if I heard that my tax money had gone to install a mood lighting system in a restaurant staffed by prisoners I 'd question why , " he admits .
" I knew we could n't do something as ground - breaking as this with taxpayers ' money , so we looked for other fundraising possibilities .
The income we generate goes to our partner charity that resettles prisoners .
" There will be critics , but I think people underestimate what you have to do for successful resettlement .
If you send a drug dealer out of prison with no source of income and no professional qualifications , drug dealing looks like a good career opportunity .
If you give him the chance to try and earn a decent salary and find somewhere for him to live , that starts to look like a more attractive proposition than drug dealing .
I can understand why people will think it 's a strange thing to do but every time a chef or waiter at The Clink serves a meal , they will play their part in dispelling the prejudice and ignorance that gets in the way of successful resettlement . "
Anthony Ashford , a prisoner who works in the kitchen agrees : " When you are rushing to get orders out , you forget where you are .
When I go back to the wing , people ask about it , it 's created a buzz around the prison . "
The inmates are trained by two former prisoners , head chef Dean Masters , who was released in 2007 after a ten - year stretch for drug importing and the maitre d' , Francis Martinez , who served five years for the same offence .
" A lot of inmates reoffend because they have no support when they are released .
This gives them the opportunity to break that cycle , " he explains .
Martinez agrees : " There is much more at stake than just getting a job , for the prisoners .
It 's about reclaiming their lives . "
The Clink : Diner 's verdict
Location : HMP High Down is situated in a leafy corner of Surrey , set in rolling countryside .
There is ample free parking with 24 - hour CCTV and regular security patrols – often with dogs .
Food : Griddled minute steak with sauce béarnaise was served with piping hot fresh chips and a herb salad .
The steak was cooked medium rare as ordered , with just enough char - grilled flavour to add bite but not overpower the meat .
The béarnaise sauce was light and frothy .
The plastic cutlery rendered sinew a challenge , but luckily the steak had been well tenderised .
Fresh pappardelle with tomato , basil and spinach was fresh and al dente and not overrun by sauce .
Bakewell tart and fresh vanilla custard for was light and spongy .
The fresh raspberries added just the right hint of tartness .
Cost : Less than £ 15 for a meal for two .
How to get there : South West Trains service from London Victoria to Sutton and a number 280 bus .
Alternatively , you could commit armed robbery .
The verdict : Excellent food , value and service .
Interesting surroundings .
I will be dining there again , if I get security clearance .
Today Amazon basically told every single Kindle owner that they do n’t really own anything that they buy through the company .
As far as Amazon is concerned they have complete say on whether or not you can keep a book you thought you paid for .
Think not ?
Well think again because as any Kindle owner who had paid good money for an electronic copy of George Orwell ’s 1984 or Animal Farm found out this morning this is n’t the case .
This happened because the publisher of the two books decided that they did n’t want to make electronic versions of the books available after all and applied pressure on Amazon to fix the problem .
The fix of course was to delete all downloaded versions of the books from people ’s Kindles .
Granted their accounts were credited with what the books had cost but that does n’t change the fact that we ’ve just been told we do n’t really own anything we buy in digital form – especially when the seller has a direct way to delete that product .
As David Pogue wrote in a post today
This is ugly for all kinds of reasons .
Amazon says that this sort of thing is “ rare , ” but that it can happen at all is unsettling ; we ’ve been taught to believe that e-books are , you know , just like books , only better .
Already , we ’ve learned that they ’re not really like books , in that once we ’re finished reading them , we ca n’t resell or even donate them .
But now we learn that all sales may not even be final .
It is this kind of thing that leads me to believe that the more we move into the cloud the less we will actually ever own anything anymore .
Declaring that the Los Angeles Police Department has reformed itself significantly after decades of corruption and brutality complaints , a U.S. judge on Friday ended a long - running period of federal oversight .
U.S. District Court Judge Gary A. Feess terminated the consent decree federal officials had imposed on the LAPD in 2001 , after the Rampart corruption scandal .
The decree required the department to undertake dozens of wide - ranging reforms meant to tighten internal checks on officers ’ conduct and subjected the department to rigorous audits by a monitor who reported to Feess .
In freeing the LAPD , Feess and his monitor , Michael Cherkasky , acknowledged improvements .
“ When the decree was entered , LAPD was a troubled department whose reputation had been severely damaged by a series of crises , ” Feess wrote in his ruling released early Friday evening .
“ In 2008 , as noted by the monitor , ‘ LAPD has become the national and international policing standard for activities that range from audits to handling of the mentally ill to many aspects of training to risk assessment of police officers and more . ’ ”
Advertisement
Since his arrival shortly after the decree went into place , LAPD Chief William J. Bratton embraced it as a blueprint for how to pull the department from a troubled past and into a modern era of policing .
In recent months , however , Bratton voiced increasing discontent .
He said continued oversight had become a stigma that hurt morale , even when the department had proved its ability to police itself .
Bratton struck an anticlimactic note Friday , saying that while the decision showed “ the department has regained its reputation , ” the LAPD itself had come to view the decree as outdated and irrelevant .
“ In the mind of the department , it has been over for a long time , ” he said .
Feess ’ action does not free the LAPD from making mandated improvements .
The judge approved a transitional plan that attorneys for the LAPD and the U.S. Department of Justice proposed to him last month .
Under that agreement , the Los Angeles Police Commission , which oversees the LAPD , will assume responsibility from Cherkasky for keeping tabs on the department ’s efforts to fully implement a handful of still - incomplete or recently finished reforms .
If DOJ lawyers are unsatisfied with the commission ’s oversight , the agreement allows them to object and bring the department back before Feess .
Advertisement
One of the outstanding issues is the department ’s handling of the hundreds of claims of racial profiling levied against officers by minorities each year .
As part of the new agreement , the department must press ahead with a plan to outfit all its patrol vehicles with video cameras that will record all traffic and pedestrian stops .
In addition , the commission will conduct a series of reports on how police officials investigate and resolve claims of racial profiling .
“ We ’re disappointed by the judge ’s decision .
The department has made substantial progress under Chief Bratton , but there ’s still too much evidence that skin color makes a difference in who is stopped , questioned and arrested by the LAPD , ” said Mark Rosenbaum , legal director of the American Civil Liberties Union , Southern California -- the group that had most vocally argued against ending the consent decree .
A controversial financial disclosure policy also remains an issue .
Intended to help identify and discourage corrupt officers who have access to cash , drugs and other contraband confiscated from suspects , the policy requires hundreds officers in gang and narcotic units to submit details of their personal finances to supervisors .
Because the policy went into effect only recently -- because of persistent legal challenges from the police union -- the transition agreement calls for the commission to review whether department officials follow through with the disclosures .
Despite the union ’s continued opposition to the disclosures , union leaders had joined LAPD brass in calling for the end of the decree .
“ We are thrilled that the court has acknowledged the numerous reforms the LAPD has established , ” said union president Paul Weber .
Advertisement
In a final use of his authority , Feess added another issue to be monitored under the transition agreement .
Recalling that the consent decree started with abuses committed by gang suppression units , the judge ordered the commission to report on any potential problems in the units .
There is no firm end date for the transition period , but it will probably take a few years for the LAPD to complete the required reports .
The Rampart scandal was a watershed for the department .
Dozens of officers were accused of serious misconduct , including physical abuse of suspects , evidence tampering and perjury .
Public trust in the police plummeted and the department was forced to examine its inner workings .
The Department of Justice threatened to sue the LAPD if it did not agree to the reforms , which imposed strict audit requirements on nearly all operations and , in particular , gave rise to a rigorous process for investigating police shootings and other uses of force by officers .
Advertisement
Feess , who has overseen the decree since its start , did not go easy on the LAPD .
He extended federal oversight -- originally intended to last five years -- an additional three years in 2006 , harshly criticizing the department at the time for its failure to adopt several of the largest changes , including a now - functional computer system that tracks officer conduct .
Last month , he expressed serious concern about the transitional agreement and took weeks to mull it over .
Cherkasky , the monitor , said the judge ’s decision to finally end the era of federal oversight “ reflects a tough , hard eight years , but also a tremendous performance by the LAPD . ”
With roughly two - thirds of the LAPD ’s nearly 10,000 officers having joined the force since the start of the decree , Cherkasky emphasized the dramatic changes it has undergone in the last eight years .
“ The LAPD still has to make sure it does n’t backslide , ” he said , “ but that is up to them now . ”
Advertisement
--
joel.rubin@latimes.com
- video encodings still in process -
Jounalists Jeff Sharlet lived with ' The Family ' , a secretive cult whose members include many conservative members of Congress .
These people consider themselves the new ' chosen ones ' and above the law , truly frightening .
Sometimes people say to me that what they do can't affect the whole planet 's health so why should they even try ?
But if all us tried , well , that would make a big difference , right ?
So the other day , I was standing at the crosswalk with quite a crowd .
The sign said do n't walk but there were gaps in the traffic and I was in a rush so I jogged across .
What I had n't counted on was the fact that , seeing me step into the street , without checking the traffic or the do n't walk sign , about five other people behind me stepped into the street , too .
Just at that moment a car came and the result was the sudden squeal of brakes .
Someone could have got hit because I did n't realize that how I act affects how other people act .
What I do matters .
It affects how other people act .
The choices we make in life affects the choices of everyone else .
Navigation or Menu is a most imprtant part of website desiging but it is not easy to make .
This is time taking job .
Now you have to need something that you can use in your website and your visitors can easly navigate that .
j Query is a fast and concise JavaScript Library that simplifies HTML document traversing , event handling , animating , and Ajax interactions for rapid web development .
jQuery is designed to change the way that you write JavaScript .
AutoScroll for jQuery - allows for hotspot scrolling of web pages
JQuery BlockUI Plugin - lets you simulate synchronous behavior when using AJAX , without locking the browser .
When activated , it will prevent user activity with the page ( or part of the page ) until it is deactivated .
BlockUI adds elements to the DOM to give it both the appearance and behavior of blocking user interaction .
JQuery Curvy Corners–
A plugin for rounded corners with smooth , anti-aliased corners .
JQuery iFrame Plugin –
If javascript is turned off , it will just show a link to the content .
Here is the code in action …
Sliding Panels For jQuery – Element can start open or closed and will be toggled from their own original position .
Farbtastic – is a jQuery plug - in that can add one or more color picker widgets into a page through JavaScript .
Simple JQuery Accordion menu
Scrollable HTML table plugin– used to convert tables in ordinary HTML into scrollable ones .
No additional coding is necessary .
Pager jQuery - Neat little jQuery plugin for a a paginated effect .
Date Picker - A flexible unobtrusive calendar component for jQuery .
j Query Corner Demo
Draggables and droppables – A good example of using jQuery plugin iDrop to drag and drop tree view nodes .
3 - Column Splitter Layout - this is a 3 - column layout using nested splitters .
The left and right columns are a semi- fixed width ; the center column grows or shrinks .
Page scroll bars have been removed since all the content is inside the splitter , and the splitter is anchored to the bottom of the window using an onresize event handler .
Sortables –
You wo n’t believe how easy this code to make it easy to sort several lists , mix and match the lists , and send the information to a database .
Table Sorter Plugin – for turning a standard HTML table with THEAD and TBODY tags into a sortable table without page refreshes .
It can successfully parse and sort many types of data including linked data in a cell .
Zebra Tables Demo -using jQuery to do zebra striping and row hovering , very NICE !!
Image / Photo Gallery Viewer– allows you to take a grouping of images and turn it into an flash - like image / photo gallery .
It allows you to style it how ever you want and add as many images at you want .
j Query Cycle Plugin– have very intersting transition effects like image cross-fading and cycling .
TabContainer
Theme – JQuery style fade animation that runs as the user navigates between selected tabs .
jQuery Accordion
SuckerFish Style
A Navigation Menu– Unordered
List with anchors and nested lists , also demonstrates how to add a second level list .
HeatColor - allows you to assign colors to elements , based on a value derived from that element .
The derived value is compared to a range of values , it can find the min and max values of the desired elements , or you can pass them in manually .
20 ) SimpleModal Demos – its goal is providing developers with a cross - browser overlay and container that will be populated with content provided to SimpleModal .
Demo :
j Query AlphaNumeric – Allows you to prevent your users from entering certain characters inside the form fields .
jQZoom– allows you to realize a small magnifier window close to the image or images on your web page easily .
InnerFade –
It ’s designed to fade you any element inside a container in and out .
j Query UI Tabs / Tabs 3 – Simple jQuery based tab - navigation
Ajax Form Validation – Client side validation in a form using jQuery .
The username will check with the server whether the chosen name is a ) valid and b ) available .
Demo :
j Query ThickBox – is a webpage user interface dialog widget written in JavaScript .
Demo :
Riding carousels with jQuery – is a jQuery plugin for controlling a list of items in horizontal or vertical order .
j Query light Box Plugin – simple , elegant , unobtrusive , no need extra markup and is used to overlay images on the current page through the power and flexibility of jQuery´s selector .
Demo :
j Query Air – A passenger management interface for charter flights .
A great Tutorial that you will enjoy .
Demo :
The jQuery Tooltip
Validation – A fairly comprehensive set of form validation rules .
The plugin also dynamically creates IDs and ties them to labels when they are missing .
Demo :
CSS Play Navigation Menus
If you are not aware of CSSplay .co.uk or Stu Nicholls , shame on you .
If you are serious about CSS then get yourself over there , have a look at the many possibilties of CSS and view the hundreds of working CSS Demos .
Below you will find his latest CSS menus .
Great resource .
The menu in the image of the dynamic menu are driven completely by CSS and work in all modern browsers , create up to 3 sub menus , hover persistence and uses jQuery for IE fixes .
Nice and simple .
This tutorial teaches how to build a css navigation using sprite images .
With the mobile web becoming more important than ever before , load time and the size of a web site are some of the biggest factors to consider when developing a site for mobile users .
Demo : View Demo »
Create a simple navigation bar with tabs using CSS with status effects active , hover and link with PHP URL variables to set a tab “ active ” when the relative page is loaded .
This tutorial will teach you how to build a vertical CSS menu with rollover submenu’s .
The menu will be written in CSS and HTML , and will also use a so - called ‘ behavior ’ file .
Demo : View Demo »
This tutorial will show you how to create a navigation menu with image rollovers built with CSS that uses only one image and very minimal HTML / CSS code .
Demo : View Demo »
A pure CSS technique to transform your icon menu into an interactive zooming icon navigation menu inspired from Mac OSX Dock with fish eye effect .
One of many ways to style html list tags into interactive , usable , and accessible menu using pure CSS .
Demo : View Demo »
The Digg navigation is compacted with the use of simple drop - down menus .
Important things like subscribing , searching and account information are right up top where you would expect them to be .
It ’s fluid width , but it does n’t shrink too far or grow too big .
Like the Vimeo tutorial above , this is also an excellent tut to give you an insight into how the high - end sites cleverly use CSS .
Demo : View Demo »
Traditionally , multi - level dropdown menu navigation have been done in JavaScript , these kinds of menus can be very confusing for a beginner , and even more confusing to go back and edit later .
You will learn how to do this better and more beautifully with CSS and Dreamweaver CS4 .
For this tutorial , you ’ll be making a horizontal navigation bar for a zoo .
It will have dropdowns and a couple of items will have flyouts to the right .
Demo : View Demo »
In this tutorial you will learn the basics of creating simple vertical menus for your website using only HTML and CSS .
This tutorial will teach you how to create different menu styles for a main menu , submenu , and footer menu .
This tutorial is split into two parts , the first part is dedicated to the task of building a working CSS - only dropdown menu , the second part will show you how you can pimp the whole thing with a few lines of jQuery .
Demo : View Demo »
You will be shown how to add some nice round corner effect to your anchor elements with jQuery , for your navigation , without using any image .
In this tutorial you will not use any divs , instead you will be forming a navigation bar using a unordered list .
This tutorial will show you how to style and control lists in CSS , as well as showing you the valid ways of using lists and where to use them .
Demo : View Demo »
In this tutorial you ’re going to learn to create a simple , yet cool menu with overlapping tabs , that is easily customised , lightweight and versatile .
Demo : View Demo »
This is a simple yet professional looking multi level side menu .
Markup wise it ’s just a regular nested UL list , turned into a drop down menu using a very small JavaScript code .
Demo : View Demo »
You will build the second most common site menu navigation , the vertical navigation menu , in this tutorial .
You are going to be using only pure CSS and unordered lists to create the vertical navigation menu with three levels of pop outs .
Thie navigation menu will work in IE5 , IE6 , IE7 and IE8 as well as Firefox and Safari .
Demo : View Demo »
This CSS menu will have submenus and will use the web - techniques HTML , CSS and the “ whatever : hover ” behavior file to make things work in Firefox and IE6 .
Demo : View Demo »
You will learn how to use PHP to control CSS styles to highlight the tab or hit area of a html menu with styles controlled by CSS .
Demo : View Demo »
In this tutorial you will learn how to create a vertical CSS menu with a show / hide feature using jQuery .
A variant on the original sliding doors tecnique from Douglas Bowman , this tutorial tackles issues such as dead pixel areas , empty < span > tags , Internet Explorer and older browser inconsistencies and solving the problem of increased font - sizes .
Demo : View Demo »
In this tutorial you will learn how to create a ‘ sexy ’ drop down menu that will also degrade gracefully with CSS and a some jQuery .
Excellent tutorial from Noupe , as always .
Demo : View Demo »
In this thoroughly detailed ( and easy to follow ) tutorial you will be taught how to create low - bandwidth tab navigation on a web page using CSS , as an extra bonus you ’ll also learn how to switch tabs without loading the page more than once .
Demo : View Demo »
If you like the top navigation used on Vimeo , you will love this tutorial .
The menu drops down when you hover over the search box and tt offers you different search options that you can choose and narrow your search .
This is an excellent tut to give you an insight into how the high - end sites cleverly use CSS .
Demo : View Demo »
LavaLamp
j Query Collapse - A plugin for jQuery to collapse content of div container .
Easing Plugin–
A jQuery plugin from GSGD to give advanced easing options .
Uses Robert Penners easing equations for the transitions Highlight Fade jQuery Color Picker jquery .
Combobox – is an unobtrusive way of creating a HTML type combobox from a existing HTML Select element (s ) , a Demo is here .
j Query Checkbox – Provides for the styling of checkboxes that degrades nicely when javascript is dsiabled .
File Style Plugin for jQuery - File Style plugin enables you to use image as browse button .
You can also style filename field as normal textfield using css .
Simple Star Rating System Half - Star Rating Plugin Tooltip Plugin Examples – A fancy tooltip with some custom positioning , a tooltip with an extra class for nice shadows , and some extra content .
You can find a demo here .
Switch stylesheets with jQuery– allows your visitors to choose which stylesheet they would like to view your site with .
It uses cookies so that when they return to the site or visit a different page they still get their chosen stylesheet .
A Demo is here .
Simple jQuery Examples
- This page contains a growing set of Query powered script examples in “ pagemod ” format .
The code that is displayed when clicking “ Source ” is exactly the same Javascript code that powers each example .
Feel free to save a copy of this page and use the example .
ScrollTo - A plugin for jQuery to scroll to a certain object in the page Select box manipulation Cookie Plugin for jQuery
Doctors set up a " mini operating theatre " at a factory in Sydney 's west yesterday to amputate the legs of a worker who became trapped in an industrial paper compactor .
The 37 - year - old man was in a critical condition at Westmead Hospital this morning after both his legs were amputated on the factory floor of a waste recycling centre at the Grand Avenue , Camellia about midday yesterday .
The man , a contractor , became trapped in the large hydraulic compactor below the waist about midday .
As he lost large amounts of blood , fire crews tried dismantling the compactor to free the man .
But he was not freed until late in the afternoon , when an operation to amputate his legs was completed .
WorkCover NSW said it was investigating what led to the incident and could not release details .
By Jim Donnelly , Olson Global Markets
In a world of relativism , increased attention in board rooms , on trading desks , on broadcast business stations and at summer barbeques ( where supposedly a lot of financial banter takes place ) , has centered on the value of the dollar and more importantly where it is headed .
In comparison to last year ’s 4th of July festivities , the dollar buys more gasoline , more ears of corn , more hamburger patties and , of course , more residential real estate .
Automobiles , both new and used , are also attractively priced in the bargain aisles .
There are , however , some sticky issues that accompany all of this .
Credit , for example , is not cheap .
In many ways it is now being allocated similar to World War II ration stamps of a different generation .
Massachusetts has just raised its sales tax rate by 25 % ( from 5 % to 6.25 % ) making additional purchases by consumers a bit more expensive .
That level of revenue hiking , however , seems like a deal to tax paying residents of California , New Jersey , Rhode Island and Tennessee .
Property taxes , on the other hand , present a real conundrum .
As values of most residential dwellings decline , property taxes on homes are rising and could continue to do so at a brisk pace for years to come .
As wages stagnate , rising property taxes could eschew future buyers away from purchases and reinforce lower property values instead .
It could also handcuff future lenders from lending , keeping the velocity of money at anemic levels for some time to come .
There are a lot of U.S. treasury notes and bonds that have to be issued over the coming years , however .
In theory , this issuance should eventually force the value of the dollar lower relative to a basket of currencies and to a basket of commodities .
It also could tend to “ crowd out ” the purchase of other forms of investment vehicles including stocks and bonds .
Nevertheless , the debate over whether inflation or deflation will “ win out ” has not gotten any clearer lately .
Technically , the U.S. dollar index ( DXY ) is currently in an oversold condition and is in position to move higher following a successful test of key trend line support on June 2nd at 78.334 .
Interestingly , important trend line resistance sits just above current readings at 82.50 .
A break above that level would likely be accompanied by both out right buying as well as short covering .
Recent discussions by foreign holders of dollar denominated assets who are pushing for a move away from the greenback as the world ’s reserve currency would find an unexpected dollar rally a relief from their current concerns .
A solid break below former support at 78.334 , on the other hand , would only increase the pressure to find an alternative to the dollar .
For the moment , the current technical set - up favors a rise in the dollar index .
http://www.ogmarkets.com
Maine governor signs :
Governor Signs LD 1020 , An Act to End Discrimination in Civil Marriage and Affirm Religious Freedom
May 6 , 2009
AUGUSTA – Governor John E. Baldacci today signed into law LD 1020 , An Act to End Discrimination in Civil Marriage and Affirm Religious Freedom .
“ I have followed closely the debate on this issue .
I have listened to both sides , as they have presented their arguments during the public hearing and on the floor of the Maine Senate and the House of Representatives .
I have read many of the notes and letters sent to my office , and I have weighed my decision carefully , ” Governor Baldacci said .
“ I did not come to this decision lightly or in haste . ”
“ I appreciate the tone brought to this debate by both sides of the issue , ” Governor Baldacci said .
“ This is an emotional issue that touches deeply many of our most important ideals and traditions .
There are good , earnest and honest people on both sides of the question . ”
“ In the past , I opposed gay marriage while supporting the idea of civil unions , ” Governor Baldacci said .
“ I have come to believe that this is a question of fairness and of equal protection under the law , and that a civil union is not equal to civil marriage . ”
Again , government has no business in anyone 's bedroom , whom they want to live with , make a life with or have a family with .
Republicans , do you get it yet ?
Man­che Din­ge ent­wi­ckeln eine gewis­se Eigen­dy­na­mik .
Ein Bei­spiel , bei dem ich das nicht unbe­dingt erwar­tet hät­te , sind „ Wahl­pro­gram­me ” .
Das­je­ni­ge der Pira­ten­par­tei habe ich vor­ges­tern als PDF gestal­tet , hier ver­öf­fent­licht und etwas voll­mun­dig davon erzählt , ich hät­te es mal „ hübsch ” machen wol­len .
Dar­auf­hin hat sich bei mir Ger­rit van Aaken gemel­det .
Die äuße­re Form von Wahl­pro­gram­men beschäf­tigt ihn schon län­ger und auf sehr freund­li­che Wei­se gab er mir zu ver­ste­hen , dass das schon gar nicht so schlecht sei , aber bezüg­lich des „ hübsch ” sei – nun­ja – durch­aus noch Luft nach oben .
Beson­ders gefreut habe ich mich über die­se Kri­tik , weil Ger­rit im sel­ben Atem­zug ange­bo­ten hat , die­se Über­ar­bei­tung selbst vor­zu­neh­men , wenn denn das fer­ti­ge Doku­ment auch ver­brei­tet wür­de .
Das fand ich toll und habe spon­tan zuge­sagt , dass ich das min­des­tens mal in mei­nem Blog ver­öf­fent­li­chen wür­de .
Ger­rit hat los­ge­legt und ich bin dann doch noch­mal durch den
Text gegan­gen , um die etwa 20 Recht­schreib - und Kom­ma­set­zungs­feh­ler zu kor­ri­gie­ren , die noch drin waren .
Zudem fehl­te ein Wort , das nun eben­falls ent­hal­ten ist – ein Satz soll­te halt immer auch ein Verb .
Das „ Pira­ten­par­tei- Wahl­pro­gramm 2009 Rel­oa­ded ” gibt ’s hier :
Die kor­ri­gier­te Text­ba­sis habe ich an den Pira­ten­par­tei - Vor­stand zurück­ge­schickt , ich den­ke , sie wird auch dort im Wiki ein­ge­pflegt .
Sofern von Inter­es­se gibt es auch wei­ter­hin noch mei­ne ursprüng­li­che neue Ver­si­on als PDF .
( Die hier frü­her beschrie­be­ne ande­re Alter­na­ti­ve für das Pro­gramm in Druck­form ist mitt­ler­wei­le nicht mehr ver­füg­bar . 🙁 )
Es ist doch schön , dass ein sonst so drö­ge wahr­ge­nom­me­ner Stoff wie ein Wahl­pro­gramm sich in der Pira­ten­par­tei der­ar­ti­ger Auf­merk­sam­keit erfreut .
Bei Inter­es­se star­te ich nächs­te Woche eine Quiz­se­rie rund um den Text . 😉
Aug. 3 , 2009  --
When most people think of swine flu , they probably do n't think of marijuana .
But then again , most people are n't Robert Melamede .
He and his company , Cannabis Science , hope to one day make marijuana available nationwide to kids and teens -- as well as adults -- in the form of a medicinal throat lozenge .
While medical marijuana has garnered a great deal of attention lately in helping patients deal with chronic pain , Melamede has another application in mind ; he believes it can curb death risk from the swine flu .
The approach relies on the principle that the chemicals in marijuana known as cannabinoids have a dampening effect on the immune system .
Melamede said doctors may be able to take advantage of this effect to curb the risk of death from the immune system overdrive that resulted in many of the deaths of young adults during the 1918 influenza pandemic -- a scenario that some worry could occur once more if swine flu were to become more virulent .
It 's a controversial approach -- and few infectious disease experts believe health officials will be quick to approve marijuana prescriptions for sick kids .
Dr. Len Horovitz , a pulmonary specialist at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York City , is one expert who is troubled by the implications of " giving out THC like water . "
" I do n't think many parents would want their kids ' on drugs ' for a mild , flu - like illness , " he said , " and it 's sure to raise hackles with the anti-drug people . "
Still , Cannabis Science , an emerging pharmaceutical cannabis company of which Melamede is president and CEO , is working on an edible form of medicinal marijuana that its officials think will help treat many infectious diseases , swine flu included .
Last month , the company announced its intention to apply to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration 's fast track approval process in the hope of making its anti-flu lozenge available for a possible second wave of swine flu .
Melamede said he has already tried the approach himself .
In February , when he contracted a nasty flu -- a bout he suspects was related to the H1N1 swine flu virus -- he said he took medicinal marijuana to help his body fight it off .
Can Cannabis Help Swine Flu Sufferers ?
The concentrated cannabis lozenge was an idea pioneered by Steve Kubby , who , up until two weeks ago , was himself the president and CEO of Cannabis Science .
He , too , said he has self - tested his lozenge .
" Within half an hour of taking it , my runny nose , aching muscles and throat congestion are all significantly relieved , " Kubby said , adding that users of the lozenge will not get the " high " or " stoned " effects that come with smoking marijuana .
Though Kubby and the company parted ways over " financial differences , " new CEO Melamede is pushing forward on this idea with even more vigor .
" Contemporary antiviral medical technology is currently inadequate to meet the world 's immediate challenges , " Melamede said in a press release issued last week .
" We believe that cannabis extract - based medicines can reduce influenza deaths . "
Getting Your Immune System to ' Chill Out '
The fact that smoking marijuana suppresses your immune system has been known for years , but it was n't until recently that researchers began to realize that this suppression could be a good thing .
When you catch the flu , your immune system launches a massive attack on the virus that causes excessive inflammation .
This is where the runny nose , sore throat and achiness come from .
While it is necessary for fighting off the virus , this overwhelming inflammation can start to kill your own cells and , if it gets out of hand , it can lead to organ failure and death .
When inflammation goes off the handle , the body releases endocannabinoids , which are natural chemicals that suppress the immune system , taking down the inflammation before it does more harm than good .
This endocannabinoid system , as it's called , is one of the many systems responsible for maintaining balance and health in the body .
In more severe strains of the flu , like avian flu , the endocannabinoid system can't always keep up .
When this happens , the organs , particularly the lungs , fail .
" They die not from the virus itself but from their own immune response , " Melamede said .
Curbing Immune Response With Cannabis
This is where , according to Cannabis Science , marijuana comes in .
Because the marijuana plant contains natural , plant - based cannabinoids , called phytocannabinoids , giving cannabis to someone with the flu supplements their body 's endocannabinoid system and helps take down the inflammation .
But could it work for swine flu ?
Though the current and ex-CEO might not meet eye to eye on many things right now , both feel that the potential for using marijuana for serious strains of the flu , like H1N1 , is enormous .
" It 's such a changeable virus that vaccines might not work , " Kubby said .
" But changing the way our bodies respond to the virus [ with cannabis ] does work . "
Marijuana for Flu Puts Experts
Out of Joint
While marijuana 's anti-inflammatory properties are widely accepted as a treatment for glaucoma or arthritis , its use as an antiviral raises eyebrows even among pot-friendly physicians .
" Though it may have some antiviral effects , these have not been proven scientifically , " says Dr. David Allen , a chest surgeon and cannabinoid research scientist from California .
Even if suppressing the immune system were the key to fighting off the ravages of swine flu , Horovitz points out , " there are many other immune modulators already on the market that are not derived from illegal substances . "
Dr. Peter Katona , a member of the FDA 's advisory committee on new antibiotics , shares the apprehension , saying , " I must be skeptical until there is more data " .
And given that parents , not to mention the federal government 's war on drugs , are trying to get kids to " just say no " to marijuana , Melamede 's company will face an uphill climb .
Though Kubby noted that the lozenge is a special formulation that acts differently in the body than inhaled marijuana , to get the FDA on board with giving an illicit substance to kids , Cannabis Science will need to put forth a pretty compelling case for the drug 's potential .
Coming to a Pharmacy Near You ?
Though it 's still early in the development of this potential drug , since Steve Kubby left the company two weeks ago , Cannabis Science has gone into marketing overdrive , publicizing its " talks " with the FDA and broadcasting the company as a hope for the shaky future of the swine flu pandemic .
Mary Ruwart , who recently left the company along with Kubby , thinks that Cannabis Science might be putting the cart before the horse .
The preliminary studies required to apply for FDA clinical trials take months to complete , she said , and " since these studies were not even on the drawing board when I left three weeks ago , they cannot have been completed . "
When asked about this publicity , Kubby said he finds it " damaging to the mission " and feels that Cannabis Science is " not playing by the rules , " by publicizing the talks as though the FDA were already onboard .
Though no longer with the company , Kubby plans to continue his work on the lozenge , which he claimed he has the exclusive rights to .
" It 's a mystery to me how [ Cannabis Science ] think [s ] they are going to use this technology , " he said .
But Melamede denied this , maintaining that the rights are the property of the company and hence are his to develop .
Either way , both men are moving forward with the technology in the coming months , but it will be a couple years -- if at all -- before edible products like the cannabis lozenge make it through the FDA 's clinical trials .
Whether marijuana will make the shift from being smoked in the parking lot of the corner drugstore to gracing its shelves remains unknown .
One thing , however , is clear : Smoking marijuana in lieu of the lozenge likely will do much more harm than good if you happen to have a respiratory infection -- not to mention that smoking anything is damaging to someone with flu - related respiratory ills .
As Horovitz put it , " No doctor in his right mind would tell a flu patient to go smoke a joint . "
[ reddit - me ]
Also , known as “ Wizard Withdrawal ” and “ Phantom Wand Syndrome . ”
Now that I ’m done with the whole Harry Potter series , I feel a little empty .
Like I ’ve learned everything there is no know and life poses no more challenges [ not actually … I just really enjoyed the books ] .
I find myself wanting to engage strangers in Harry Potter related discourse , and make constant references to HP characters and events in normal conversation .
“ Who does this jackoff think he is ?
The Minister of fucking Magic ? C’Mon ! ”
Die hard fans may disagree , but I think the HP mythos is crying for an expanded universe .
I still desire to immerse myself in the wizarding world , and there ’s no more magical waters in which to dip my dainty toes .
Maybe the release of “ The Half - Blood Prince ” movie will liven my spirits .
The early reviews all say it ’s the best in the series .
If nothing else , having finished all 7 books I am better equipped to make veiled sexual references using the vernacular of the Potter - verse .
Armed only with knowledge of the movies I might have said something like “ I bet he wants to stick his bludger in her snitch , if ya’ know what I mean . ”
While humorous to the average muggle , that phrasing and word substitution is all wrong .
You see “ snitch ” bares a striking resemblance in spelling to “ snatch , ” a crude euphemism for vagina .
Saturated with Potter lore as I am now I realize , other than in name , a snitch does n’t accurately convey the idea of an “ opening ” in which to place a phallus .
Unless , you count Harry ’s first golden snitch in which Dumbledore hid … well you get the point .
I ’d probably be better off comparing , let ’s say , an old woman ’s ( perhaps your mother ’s ) vagina to the Sorting Hat .
Leathery , patched up and floppity .
Thanks to everyone who followed along with my live tweeting while reading ( with my ears ) the books .
I got a lot of positive feedback and only a few “ STOP !
NO ! SPOILERS ! AHHH ! ” A lot of you commented about the long buried emotional scars I was stirring up with my tweets .
I admit to getting a little misty on more than one occasion towards the end .
What ’s a +1 Sword ?
“ That ’s a beautiful blade , ” noted the barkeep as he served the adventurers their ale .
“ Is it magical ? ”
“ It sure is , ” replied Delian the Paladin .
“ I found this in the ogre ’s lair .
It ’s a +1 sword . ”
“ What ’s a +1 sword ? ”
How often do you refer to your PC ’s gear only in gaming terms ?
Sure the people sitting at your dining room table playing D&D know what a + 1 sword is , but how would you describe the same weapon in character to an NPC ?
You ’d sound pretty stupid if you called it a +1 sword .
Not to mention that no one would understand what you mean when you call it a +1 sword .
Magical treasure is the most common reward in D&D.
All PCs strive to acquire magic loot be it a magical wand , a suit of magical plate mail or even a magic sword .
In most Dungeons & Dragons campaign settings magic items are fairly commonplace .
To an experienced gamer owning a magical weapon may not seem like a big deal .
In fact most PCs or NPCs worth their salt have one .
But just because the magic items are common does n’t mean that they are n’t special .
It ’s not like they ’re mass produced in a factory and are indistinguishable from one another – quite the opposite in fact .
Creating a magic item of any kind requires time , resources and aptitude .
Anyone who chooses to create a magic item wants to make it unique .
So just because you ’ve got a magic sword and I ’ve got a magic sword does n’t mean that they ’re the same .
It may be easier and faster for us to rely on game terms when we describe our character ’s equipment , but why not give it a little bit more effort and have some fun with it .
Do n’t just say I have a + 1 sword or I have a +1 wand .
Put yourself in your PC ’s shoes .
He certainly would n’t refer to his weapon as a + 1 sword or his magic wand as just a +1 wand .
Assuming that I ’m right , what do you think your PC would call his magic sword or his enchanted wand ?
In most fantasy literature I ’ve read , magical items are described in great detail .
The more important the item to the story the more detail is provided .
And important items always have names .
In some cases the name is already know when the owner acquires the item and in other cases they name the item once they get a sense of its power .
Drizzt has Icingdeath & Twinkle , Elric has Stormbringer and King Arthur has Excalibur .
Think of how different these stories would be if these weapons did n’t have names .
Naming magical treasures is n’t limited to just weapons ( although I think we ’ll find that weapons tend to get named the most ) .
In some circumstances the item may not get a name , but a lot of effort is put into describing the item .
And despite lacking a proper name , we still know that this item is important and powerful .
The Wizards in the Harry Potter stories all use magical wands and each wand is described in great detail .
In the first novel Harry tries out a number of different wands before choosing one made from the feather of a phoenix .
It ’s this attention to detail that makes the item unique and more memorable .
In my regular campaign I play a Paladin .
At 3rd level he found a + 1 frost sword .
I made a point of having him name the blade Frost Bite .
He ’s 9th level now and still wields Frost Bite with pride .
Had it remained just a nameless + 1 frost sword he ’d likely have traded it in for something more powerful , but over the past six levels he ’s come to cherish the weapon .
Likewise , Wimwick plays a Rogue in the same campaign .
When he found a + 1 duelist ’s dagger at 1st level he named it Nibbler and he too still uses Nibbler at 9th level .
By naming the items they have become important parts of the ongoing story and help define the characters themselves .
It ’s seems like such a simple thing , yet it make our D&D experience enjoyable and more personal .
The next time you look over your PC ’s item inventory think about naming some of the items .
Think about how your character would describe his most valuable and important possession to others .
By giving your items names it saves your PC from having to answer the question “ What ’s a +1 sword ? ”
Looking for instant updates ?
Subscribe to the Dungeon ’s Master feed !
Pin 7 Shares
Worst of the recession ' is over '
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The worst of the UK's recession is over , according to the British Chambers of Commerce ( BCC ) business group , but talk of a recovery is premature .
Its report , based on a survey of 5,600 companies , found there had been " welcome progress " in confidence levels between April and June .
But the BCC still expects unemployment to reach 3.2 million by 2010 .
However , official data showed that manufacturing output fell 0.5 % in May .
Analysts had forecast a rise of 0.2 % .
The Office for National Statistics ( ONS ) said the monthly fall was driven by a 2 % decline in the paper , printing and publishing industries .
Industrial production , a wider measure which includes energy supply , mining and oil and gas as well as manufacturing , fell 0.6 % against forecasts of a rise of 0.2 % .
Economists say the surprise contraction now makes it less likely that the economy returned to growth in the second quarter .
THE VIEW FROM BRISTOL Dave Harvey , BBC business correspondent in the West of England
Everyone has their own dipsticks for spotting the recovery .
Mine is inexplicable optimism on the High Street .
And on my walk to work at the BBC in Bristol there are two new delicate shoots poking through the hard soil of the retail allotment .
Whiteladies Road is pockmarked with boarded up shops , restaurants , estate agents and mortgage brokers .
But two down from Woolies , a new restaurant opens .
Read Dave 's thoughts in full BBC tracks growing optimism among small firms " They 're a negative set of figures and suggest strongly that GDP continued to contract over the second quarter , " said Phillip Shaw from Investec .
" They 're also a reminder that the lasting recovery can't be taken for granted later in the year and are likely to encourage the MPC to sanction more quantitative easing at its meeting on Thursday . "
Signs of recovery ?
Also on Tuesday , the National Institute of Economic and Social Research ( NIESR ) estimated that the economy shrank by 0.4 % in the three months ending in June .
This followed a decline of 1.3 % in the three months ending in May .
The think tank said it believed the UK economy was " now stagnating rather than continuing to contract at a sharp pace " .
NIESR had previously estimated that the UK economy resumed growth in April and May , after a sharp decline of 1.9 % in the three months to March .
And the CBI has predicted that the economy will see a return to growth of 0.7 % next year .
The government has forecast the economy will grow by 1.25 % in 2010 .
See the changes in GDP compared with previous UK recessions Nurture confidence
The BCC said that , although its survey had found that manufacturing had seen greater improvement than services , the sector still remained in " a worse condition overall " .
It also warned that the increase in confidence was fragile .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Last week , the ONS sharply revised its GDP data for the UK , saying the economy shrank by 2.4 % in the first quarter of 2009 , compared with its earlier estimate of a contraction of 1.9 % .
With these heavy revisions , the BCC said it was far too early to say that recovery is secure .
It added that without continued focus on limiting the impact of the recession , there was still a risk that the economy could " drop off suddenly " and the UK could be heading towards a " W - shaped " recession .
" It is absolutely vital that the improvement in business confidence is nurtured , " said BCC director general David Frost .
" Our economy is based on confidence , and wealth - creating businesses need to know they will be given the freedom and flexibility to drive the UK out of recession and into a sustainable recovery . "
He added that the proposed increase in National Insurance contributions in 2011 was a " tax on jobs " which should be scrapped .
He also called for banks to continue lending and said that businesses expect the government to sort out " the appalling state of the public finances " .
Return to top
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Description :
Dreamers of the Dark : Kerry Bolton and the Order of the Left Hand Path , a Case - study of a Satanic / Neo - Nazi Synthesis .
A thesis submitted in fulfilment of the requirements for the degree of Master of Arts in Philosophy at The University of Waikato by W.R. van Leeuwen .
Kerry Bolton writes : " A BRIEF SYNOPSIS SO EVEN JOURNALISTS CAN UNDERSTAND
A pitiful Waiktao Times editorial mentions that I have ' one or two quibbles ' with the thesis .
About 80 % of the thesis is flawed , based on wilful , dishonest misinterpretations , poor referencing , non-sequitor and straw man arguments , libel , and outright lies .
Additionally , I am not alone in having made a formal complaint against the thesis , and at least one other complainant documents further flaws in the thesis .
As will be seen by the documentation provided herein , some of my primary concerns with the thesis include : Flawed Bibliography which credits me with 48 works , 8 of which are n't mine and some of which I have n't heard of .
Claims that I am " still a nazi " via my ' leadership of the New Right " .
I have never held any leadership in any such group .
Claims that I was ' raised a Mormon ' which contributed to my attitude to " unclean races " ( sic ) .
I attended a Mormon Church for 3 months ca. 1978 .
Many Maori and Polynesians were in the Church .
Van Leeuwen claims that non-whites were not permitted into the Mormon church until after 1978 ; " well after I left "
For a student of ' alternative beliefs ' whose co-supervisor was the Religious Studies lecturer , this is pure nonsense as will be seen by five minutes research into Mormonism .
A racist interpretation of an article on eugenics , claiming that I wrote that inter-racial marriage ' dumbs down civilisation ' .
There was no such statement or insinuation .
Unreferenced claims that I advocated separate racial homelands Interpretation of all essays from myself and others as somehow advocating " genocide " ( sic ) .
Equating the Right , Fascism , Nazism , and Nationalism in some kind of reductionist paradigm which says little for the level of scholarly sophstication from the Univesrity 's Political Science Dept .
Unreferenced claims that I was a member of the NZ Nazi party at 14 .
Identification of msyelf as W Grimwald , head of the Black Order , on the basis of a reference in Goodrick - Clark 's book Black Sun , which makes no such identiifcation , similarity of writing styles ( which VL reduces to farcical proportions in confusing me with at least 5 other individuals on that basis ) , and association with Renaissance Press .
Claims that I mistreated someone with brain damage and that I raised my son in a ' racist milieu ' ; slurs that VL subsequently deleted from the online thesis .
Claims that I as supposed New Right ' webmaster ' and NR ' leader ' ( another cocked up assumption ) , posted a rant against then National Front leader Sid Wilson in response to his having ' expelled ' ( sic ) me from the NF and for having posted a rant at me that I am ' deceptive ' ( sic ) etc. another classic VL blunder :
The anti-Sid ' retaliation ' was written by the NR webmaster .
Sid Wilson 's diatribes were directed at NR leader Steve Larsen , ( whom he considered to be an anti-Christ , satanic Jew ) not myself , and I left the NF before Sid even assumed leadership .
Sid subsequently tried unsucessfully to get me to rejoin the NF .
Claims that I continued to write ' manuals ' for esoteric Orders that I had either left or never belonged to and with which I had no contact with , to the point of even losing contact with some longtime friends in those orders .
Again the claims are unreferenced . " from : http://www.freewebs.com/dreamers-of-the-dark/
Trivia
Both the " William Tell " overture and the " Ode to Joy " song heard on the soundtrack are from musical compositions based on the work of German poet / playwright Friedrich Schiller .
Schiller 's " Sturm und Drang " dramas attest to his fascination with young , violence - prone troublemakers like Alex , from Don Carlos to Joan of Arc , and the plot of his " William Tell " in particular , which centers on a band of rebels whose leader comes into conflict with their authoritarian government , has obvious parallels to Alex 's story .
During the opening reels meanwhile Alex reenacts , on his own thuggish terms , things the " Ode to Joy " describes .
After getting " feuertrunken " off the drug - laced beverages at the Korova bar , he and his gang enter a kind of " Heiligtum " ( " shrine " ) --- the theater which , though wrecked and decaying , still has vestiges of the classically - styled decorations intended to mark it as a temple of culture .
" Ein holdes Weib " ( " precious lady " ) is also " errungen " ( literally , " conquered " ) by Alex , and when he calls the bound and gagged husband of his victim " brother " he is echoing the refrain ( with its cry of " Brüder " ) from Schiller 's poem .
See more
Nominee
Saturn Award
Best DVD Collection
For Back to the Future Part II and Back to the Future Part III
As part of the collection " Back to the Future 25th Anniversary Trilogy " .
Time to take the doughnuts .
A Queens cop has been helping himself to doughnuts and coffee at a Rockaways Dunkin ’ Donuts — even jumping behind the counter to make himself sandwiches and cram his face full of crullers , the shop ’s manager said .
Sgt. Eric Turetsky — who ironically was the No. 2 integrity control officer at his precinct — “ never paid once for anything , ” just leaving “ a dollar or two behind ” as a tip , complained the manager at the Beach 129th Street eatery in Belle Harbor .
Police sources said the department was investigating .
Turetsky gained some notoriety in 1997 for blowing the whistle on far more severe allegations of police misconduct .
He shattered the blue wall of silence in the Abner Louima police - torture case by identifying two of the cops involved , including Justin Volpe , who sodomized the Haitian immigrant with a stick in the bathroom of a Brooklyn station house .
Turetsky was praised by city officials for speaking out , but many of his fellow cops viewed him as a turncoat .
The image was reinforced when he was moved to the Internal Affairs Bureau and promoted to detective .
Turetsky , 38 , now works as a sergeant on the 4 p.m. - to - midnight shift at the 100th Precinct in the Rockaways .
A law - enforcement source said Turetsky has already been interviewed by Internal Affairs over his alleged pastry pilfering .
But when asked for comment on the probe by The Post , Turetsky said : “ I ’m not aware of that .
You ’re going to have to contact them . ”
Asked about his apparent penchant for discounted doughnuts , he repeated , “ You ’re going to have to contact them . ”
Sources said the cop started frequenting the Dunkin ’ Donuts several months ago and quickly made himself at home , flirting with a teen cashier while grabbing “ free ” doughnuts and coffee .
“ He acted very unprofessional , ” said the male manager , who asked not to be identified .
“ The girls here could n’t stand him .
He was rude toward them .
He was not professional at all . ”
While the married officer would leave cash behind , it was never enough to cover the goods he was taking , the sources said .
A manager reported Turetsky to police about three months ago , and Internal Affairs watched him go into the store on seven different occasions , a police source said .
On each of those trips , he went behind the counter to help himself to the goodies , the source said .
NYPD regulations ban cops from getting discounts and freebies .
If it is determined that those rules have been violated , an officer can face penalties ranging from a command discipline — essentially a reprimand — to losing 30 days of vacation time .
NYPD Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne said only , “ We do n’t comment during open IAB cases on what disciplinary action may result . ”
Additional reporting by Dareh Gregorian
larry.celona@nypost.com
Enlarge By Ross D. Franklin , AP Taxi driver Thomas Chappell , right , of Phoenix says it " has put a whole new kind of lift in my boots " to give a kidney to his frequent passenger , Rita Van Loenen , of Gilbert , Ariz .
Here , the two wait for Ven Loenen 's kidney dialysis treatment appointment in Tempe , Ariz . , on Friday .
PHOENIX ( AP )  Rita Van Loenen had no idea that a trip in Thomas Chappell 's taxi cab could end up being the ride that saves her life .
" There are better odds of getting struck by lightning , " Van Loenen said .
" A random taxi driver offering to give me his kidney and all these pieces match .
There has to be something behind this .
How can this be ? "
Chappell , who has been driving Van Loenen to dialysis appointments , shocked the Gilbert , Ariz .
woman a month ago by offering to donate his kidney .
But even more shocking to her was that doctors found they had the same blood type , that they were compatible .
" He calls me all excited .
If we were a closer match , we would 've been siblings .
I was ready to fall off the floor , " Van Loenen said .
The Phoenix taxi driver said he was a man of faith and that a higher power wanted him to step in .
" By then , me and the good Lord already had a talk .
He said ' Tom , you go give her one .
It will work , ' " Chappell said .
Last year , Van Loenen , an instructor in special education methods , began feeling ill and experiencing water retention in her legs .
She went to see a doctor and was diagnosed with kidney disease .
With kidney failure setting in , friends and family were tested but there was no match .
In February , she received her cousin 's kidney but that transplant failed .
One day , Van Loenen , 63 , found herself telling Chappell , 56 , about how her son was now going to get tested .
Chappell decided to add his name to the list .
" I said ' Rita , your son 's a whole lot younger than me .
He 's got a lot more years .
I 'm gonna go down and go through the process and see if it will work . '
I do n't think she really believed I was going to . "
The gesture evoked tears of gratitude from Loenen but she was still skeptical .
" A little bit in my heart I did n't believe it .
He said ' give me the number ' and I have the transplant number at Mayo ( Clinic in Scottsdale ) memorized . "
The two first met more than three months ago .
It was n't an auspicious beginning .
Chappell was half an hour late picking Van Loenen up for a dialysis appointment .
" When I got there she was not happy , " Chappell said .
" And I can understand it now .
She 's sick and all these things she goes through ...
The next day , it just so happens I got her again . "
Since then he has — and he insists it is by happenstance — been her taxi driver three to four times a month .
For the last month , Chappell has started undergoing the arduous process of donor screening , undergoing numerous tests and exams .
But none of it has brought second thoughts .
" This has put a whole new kind of lift in my boots .
I never knew what it felt like to give somebody life and that 's what I 'm doing , " Chappell said .
Van Loenen said Chappell never asked for any compensation .
She still can't quite believe his level of commitment .
" I 've never known anybody so enthusiastic to get a body part removed , " Van Loenen said .
After the transplant , which has n't been scheduled yet , Chappell will need to tread carefully .
He will have to rest between four and six weeks but his work has promised to cover his lost wages .
" I 've had drivers do some pretty incredibly amazing things for no charge .
But this is just over the top , " said Jim Hickey , national sales and marketing director for the company that owns VIP Taxi .
" We 're just so proud of him . "
Van Loenen said that , thanks to Chappell , she can actually make plans for the future .
" Whenever I tell my friends or my family , they just find it so incredible , " Van Loenen said .
" They do call him an angel .
My friend says there 's angels everywhere .
That 's the right way to capture it . "
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Lucky the duckling takes a step in the right direction
A duck who faced being put down after fracturing a leg has been given a new lease of life thanks to a specially - made sandal .
Lucky the duckling faced a bleak future following an accident which left one foot pointing in the wrong direction when it healed .
Undeterred , owner Allison Morgan from the Lliswerry area of Newport , south Wales , decided to get a second opinion and , in the meantime , enlist the services of a local cobbler Kelvin Reddicliffe to aid the bird 's recovery .
Lucky the duckling sports her on - trend Roman sandal
The duck faced being put down after fracturing her leg but now has a new lease of life thanks to her owner Allison Morgan
Lucky is now able to keep up with Mrs Morgan 's two other ducks thanks to a specially made shoe which takes the pressure off her right web and prevents it from becoming too sore .
To further boost the Muscovy duck 's recovery , her 44 - year - old owner , who is a qualified orthopaedic nurse , also performs physiotherapy ' two to three ' times a day on her to keep the ligaments stretched .
Mrs Morgan said : ' When she is walking , because of the position that the leg is fixed to the side , she is walking on the outer part of her toes .
' The two outer toes get really sore so I thought of something to protect those toes while we are waiting for the next stage .
' It does not do anything for the feet but it does protect her toes . '
' Obviously she is not walking straight and properly but it is enabling her to get around the garden and follow the other ducks . '
Mrs Morgan gives
Lucky physiotherapy two or three times a day to help keep her ligaments stretched
Cobbler Kelvin Reddicliffe made Lucky 's orthopaedic shoe
Mr Reddicliffe said it was the first time he had been asked to make a shoe for a duck after 39 years in the trade .
The 54 - year - old said : ' My colleague and I once did some work repairing a bearskin rug but nothing like this . '
He added : ' I was asked if I could do the impossible and make an orthopaedic shoe for a duck .
I was not sure if it was something I could help with but then I had a lightbulb moment to base the shoe around a Roman sandal .
' I was more than happy to help .
With the credit crunch and various things going on in the world it is a bit of good news . '
Mrs Morgan , a mother - of - one , first offered to take care of Lucky after hearing of the bird 's plight not long after she was hatched two months ago .
' It came to me with the break , ' she said .
' It was bought in a pub and whoever bought it must have dropped it .
' I sort of rescued it .
The plan had been for it to be released but it would not have survived in the wild because it would not have been able to fend for itself .
' With the leg in that state it would not have been able to run from a fox or a dog .
She is a very lucky ducky . '
Mrs Morgan is now trying to raise the £ 500 needed for an operation which entails Lucky 's right leg being broken again and set correctly .
Since the damaged leg is now seven millimetres short , Lucky will also have rods inserted around it to lengthen the limb a small amount every couple of days until it is in line .
' It is quite complicated but it works on humans and the vet is quite confident it will work , ' added Mrs Morgan .
' Lucky is a real character and full of life .
That is why I did n't want to go with the first vet 's opinion about being put to sleep .
[ video from Heather ]
In an interview with Rachel Maddow , Elizabeth Edwards dropped this enormously helpful key on when to tell if an opponent to healthcare reform is lying :
Let me say to the American public : if you hear somebody saying , we can't afford healthcare reform , because ... if they use any of these words : " socialization , " or " government control of your healthcare decisions , " or if they mention " England , " " France , " or " Canada , " you can be assured that they are not telling you the truth .
They are trying to scare you away from a plan that can make a real difference , not just in American families , but in the American economy as a whole .
Our friends at Sadly , No! take a look at the actual outcomes between the US and Canada .
I do n't think it will surprise you to see that the U.S. system does n't measure up so well :
Read more at Sadly , No !
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Montreal
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
I mean wash my hair , not drink the martini ... I can do that myself ... So after heading outside and kicking some homeless men so I could steal their change cups for cash , I popped into a Starbucks and ordered a non -fat soy chai latte , then had the barista stir it with her tongue .
You did n't know Starbucks did that ?
Well you 've probably never asked .
Try it next time .
I sat down and fired up my laptop , first browsing a couple porn sites to see if my sister was getting any work ... then opened up Craigslist and started to write .
So by this point of my profile , you probably want to shoot me in the kneecap with a small girly handgun ...
Let me give you some more ammunition ...*
While surfing in Africa last winter , I lied to my friend about which beaches had shark sightings then went to the worst one .
I smeared his board with fish guts .
Once he was attacked , I pulled him from the water ...
I 'm a goddamn hero !*
I 've never stolen a car without returning it with a full tank of gas , two tickets to a hockey game , and a gently used handgun in the trunk .
Juuuuuust kidding .... who can afford hockey tickets these days ?
Come to think of it , who can afford gas ? *
I know the difference between a fine kilo of pure Columbian yay , and a shopping bag full of icing sugar , so do n't try and double cross me like my first four wives . *
Everyone hates mimes ... but not me .
I respect someone who knows when to shut the fuck up .
If we all did that , there 'd be less war .
Then again , if there was less war , Hollywood would start making more movies about teens trying to lose their virginity before college .
I lost mine in grade 8 to my parent 's chubby Greek cleaning lady ... how come no one makes a movie about that ?*
My agent thinks I 'm an asshole .
Partially because I never pay her , partially because I keep getting her name wrong .
I 'm bad with names .
If we sleep together , and I wake up and call you Betty , Sally , or Billy - Jo , do n't be offended .
I have the same problem with phone numbers , so if you wonder why I do n't call ... it 's cause some nice family in the ' burbs is getting non -stop booty calls at 2 am in your place . *
Do n’t worry about that though , as I never sleep with the same girl twice .
You would n’t ask DaVinci to paint another copy of the Mona Lisa , would you ? *
I get mistaken for Tom Cruise almost everywhere I go .
Not Tom Cruise the actor , Tom Cruise the assistant pottery teacher at Langley Highschool ( go RiverRats ! )
Now , since guys online dating all seem to like to tell YOU what YOU should be like ( do n't you love that ? ) , I 'll do the same . *
Do n't be blonde .
I ’m bored of blondes in this town ( like any of you are really blonde anyway ... pfft ...
Grow some self - confidence and go back to your natural colour . )
Sure blondes have more fun ... but brunettes try harder , and I respect a woman who puts some effort in , and blondes just have it too easy . *
I do n't care where you live .
I have a car .
I like driving .
Have some ice cream and pie waiting for me and I 'll drive to Brossard ( well ... it'd have to be homemade pie if you live in Brossard . ) *
I ’d prefer if you ARE married or have a boyfriend ....
Look ...
I ’m not going to sit around picking out new cutlery from a catalogue with you , or help you walk your tiny little dog .
You should have a steady boyfriend or husband for that .
I ’m like a roller coaster , fun to ride by yourself ( or preferably with your best friend ! ) ... but terrible for trying to have a dinner party on !
Well ... that ’s it for me .
Smell ya later ... PS . If I ’ve piqued your curiosity , you should know that it ’s Ok for you to email me .
I wo n’t tell your friends , family , husbands , or boyfriends that you ’ve been browsing Craigslist ’s personals ... and do n’t you want to know if I just talk the talk , or walk the walk ?
PPS .
Please include a photo of yourself , preferably in a dress , but failing that , underwear .
And failing that , track pants and a dirty t- shirt always work .
PPPS , Both my parole officer and my therapist have given me the thumbs up to date since " the bank incident " .
I received a free book in the mail titled , “ 10 Amazing Muslims Touched by God ” .
This book contains the complete contrary of that premise .
Continue reading Deceiving Book For Muslims Received in Mail : “ 10 Amazing Muslims Touched By God ”
Rate this :
Over the past three decades , scientists have been working on making light and matter interact strongly .
This may come as a surprise , since nearly every bit of color we see around us is generally due to the interaction of light and matter .
But this interaction is quite weak , and what we see is the result of light interacting billions and billions of times .
If you want to observe light interacting with a single atom or molecule , what must be done ?
The answer is to confine the light into a very small volume that just happens to contain the atom .
But this is easier said than done .
To make this job easier , researchers have shown us how to put light in a bottle .
Getting light to interact with matter is n't hard — light will always interact with a single atom , but it is , for all practical purposes , impossible to detect .
To observe these interactions , what we need to do is take the same set of photons and bounce them off the same atom repeatedly until something happens .
Tuning an optical resonator
To do this , light needs to be confined in an optical cavity .
Take two very highly reflecting mirrors — a typical silver mirror reflects between 70 and 95 percent of the light , while these mirrors have reflectivities of 99.99 percent — and place them facing each other , so that the photons between the two mirrors will bounce back and forth billions of times .
An atom between the two mirrors has a billion chances to interact with the photon .
To increase the chances further , the mirrors are curved so that they focus light to a very tiny volume at the center point between them .
Placing the atom in the focus increases the chance of interaction .
These two properties — the number of times a photon can bounce back and forth through the volume where the atom lies , and the size of that volume — determine how strongly the light will interact with the atom .
The larger the number of bounces and the smaller the volume , the better .
One of the best types of containers ( called resonators ) for this type of work is a perfect sphere of glass .
Photons can travel around the inside of the glass sphere in a so - called whispering gallery mode , always hitting the surface at an angle such that the reflectivity of the surface is exactly 100 percent , called total internal reflection .
Despite being inside a solid glass sphere , the photons can still interact with atoms outside the sphere through what is called the evanescent field .
Effectively , part of the photon is always outside the sphere , but , until it interacts with something , there is no energy in the bit that is outside — if this sounds counter - intuitive , it is .
But let 's face it , all quantum tunneling descriptions are .
So we have one great property : the number of times that a photon circles inside the sphere is huge .
Better yet , these spheres are tiny , less than 100 micrometers in diameter , so the volume of space that the photons interact with is tiny .
This gives microspheres the best of all possible worlds for measuring light - matter interactions at a single atom and single photon level .
Except ... they are really , really horrible to work with .
To get light into an optical cavity , it has to fit .
That is , when the photon travels a complete circuit of the sphere , it must travel a whole number of half - wavelengths .
The spheres are tiny , so the color difference between two wavelengths that fit is huge .
This becomes a problem because we can't precisely control the size of the spheres during manufacture , and nature chooses which colors of light atoms will interact with — the two rarely end up matching .
The usual solution is to make a bajillion spheres and find one that is close to right .
Then you can heat the sphere so that it expands until you get to exactly the right color .
It would be much better to just have a resonator that could adapt itself to any color of light .
Rolling out the barrel
This is precisely what a group of German researchers have achieved .
They created an optical cavity based on the same principles as a microsphere , but using something shaped like a barrel with both ends pinching off similar to the opening of a wine bottle .
In these objects , the light travels in a spiral until it reaches the end .
At the end point , the photon needs to change the orientation of its electric fields to keep moving .
For this to happen , the photon needs some extra angular momentum .
Since angular momentum does n't just appear out of nowhere , the photon reflects off the end point and spirals back up the barrel to repeat the process at the other end .
The cool thing is that although the dimensions are still very small — the bottles are 35 micrometers in diameter and around 100 micrometers long — the different colors that can fit in this cavity are closely spaced because they take different spiral paths along the barrel .
Furthermore , fine - tuning can be achieved by tugging on the ends of the resonator , changing its dimensions to fit the desired wavelength .
That sounds pretty good , but surely the volume goes up , making matters worse ?
Well , yes and no ; the volume does increase , but not that much .
And , better yet , the photons spend a lot more time at the turning points near the ends of the barrel than they do in the center , so there are optical sweet spots to play with .
So , is there a down side ?
Yes — getting light into these cavities is more difficult than with a spherical resonator .
For a spherical resonator , one places a tapered optical fiber near the resonator , which allows the photons to leak from to the optical fiber into the whispering gallery mode of the resonator via evanescent fields .
Because the exact track of the whispering gallery mode of the barrel changes depending on the color , one must carefully position the fiber along the barrel so that it sits over one of the spirals .
In addition , the light in the barrel and the light in the fiber must be traveling at the same speed — actually , the conditions are more complicated than that , but basically , momentum must be conserved in the transfer — so the geometry of the fiber must be carefully controlled and changed depending on the color of light to be coupled into the cavity .
If this is so difficult , is it worth it ?
Well , sometimes yes .
Coupling into resonators is always going to be difficult , and the problems described in the previous paragraph are always present .
It 's just that , with a resonator that will only take one color , you do n't notice them so much .
I have a friend who is doing quantum optics with a microtoroid and , because he cannot control the exact dimensions of his toroid , he is going to spend half his life trying to make a laser that can change color and yet be very , very stable once set .
This is , of course , doable , but it 's much easier to stabilize a laser with a fixed wavelength .
So , I suspect he would rather have a more complicated coupling problem rather than two complicated laser problems .
I should also note that this not the first time that a bottle resonator has been demonstrated — it is simply the first one that compares nicely to microspheres and microtoroids .
Physical Review Letters , 2009 , DOI : 10.1103/PhysRevLett.103.053901
Pat Buchanan 's sources are certainly misinformed .
First of all , the town hall was not sponsored by Congressman Kathy Castor .
She was there to give a report on the bill .
The event was hosted by State Rep. Betty Reed and the SEIU .
They were not " shipped in there " as Joe just said .
They were hosts of the event .
And those manning the door were our local Young Democrats , not union members !
Next , those who opposed reform were at the venue when I arrived at 4 PM , and I was the first one there .
I was in charge of the sign - in and information table at the door .
Rep .
Reed had asked for a police presence at the event , but we had to call in more law enforcement because when the venue was filled to capacity , the anti-reformers stormed the door .
Those folks claimed to local media that they were 912ers (? ) , which is apparently a Glenn Beck following .
We also heard that Rush Limbaugh was encouraging people to attend the event .
The Chair of the Republican Party in Hillsborough County sent out at least one email with talking points straight from the " teabagger " web sites .
We also heard that the Republican Party from surrounding counties encouraged their members to go to the event .
Susan Smith
Hillsborough County Democratic Party
I never went inside the event , but instead stayed outside to help manage the crowds .
What I saw on display out there was racist , anti-immigrant ignorance , for the most part .
These idiots actually believe that they will die if we get healthcare reform !
We were told that we were " not Americans , we were Democrats , " and more than one angry man yelled at supporters of reform telling them to " go back to their own country . "
As many of my friends said , if I had n't seen what happened with my own eyes , I would never have believed it .
UPDATE : Just wanted everyone to see an email I just received from " babsannod@gmail.com "
Here 's the content :
Note : A number of people were kind enough to provide me with more information on this topic after we first published this article .
I ’ve revised it as of May 9 , 2009 Additions are in green font or in the addendum at the end of the article .
If you do n’t buy a lot of camera gear , you might not have noticed it too much .
If you hang out in the online forums a lot you ’ve probably heard people whining about it .
And if you have bought gear lately , you might have noticed things are very , very different .
You probably expected the lens you wanted had increased in price ( although you might not have realized how much it had gone up until you looked ) .
You might have been a bit surprised to find out how much it had gone up , and that NOBODY was offering a discount over list price .
Chances are good that you even found the lens was out of stock at your favorite store .
And most other stores .
And if you did find it in stock the store may have been charging a lot more than list price , something virtually unheard of a year ago .
We are a lot more aware of it than you are : we buy between 80 and 140 lenses a month , many of them from the same retailers that you use , some directly from the manufacturers , some from places you do n’t want to know about .
That experience makes the recent changes in the camera market more apparent to us .
We ’re also on first name basis with the owners and / or salesman at a dozen camera stores , and we are ourselves dealers in some brands .
( FULL DISCLOSURE :
We would not and did not include any information in this article that we received from a manufacturer ’s representative .
We are under agreement not to do so with any manufacturer we buy from directly .
All of the information here are things you can find out and verify independently . )
At any rate , this little blurb is to provide some information about how the SLR marketplace has changed recently , and to speculate where that might lead .
I ’ll try to clearly separate known facts from my conclusions ( which are just my opinion ) .
The Retail Camera Market of the Last Few Years
First , some things you might not know ( or might not want to believe ) about the retail camera market .
Selling SLR lenses , in general , has been a loss leader or breakeven proposition at best for retailers .
Ask any local camera store owner – his cost from the manufacturer is about the same as what you ’d pay at B &H or Adorama , which is usually the MAP ( minimum advertised price ) at which the lens can be sold .
If the store sells it for a lower price , they may face problems with the manufacturer .
Camera bodies may have a bit more profit .
Accessories – filters , cleaning supplies , bags , etc. are where the retailer actually has a markup and makes good money .
The markup on a $ 1,000 lens is about $ 30 - $ 50 , maybe a bit more if you turn over a large quantity every month .
Over the last decade photography superstores such as B&H , Adorama , Buydig / Beach Photo , Calumet , and Samy ’s , have become very efficient and move very large volumes of gear , mostly via internet sales .
( According to a third party , for example , B&H Photovideo has up to 6,000 transactions per day in their walk - in store .
Their shipping warehouse at the Brooklyn Navy Yard obviously handles a lot more . )
If I can sell 1,000 lenses a day lets say , at a $ 50 profit each , I ’m doing OK .
If I sell 3 or 4 lenses a day I probably barely pay the rent .
Small , local stores can’t possibly complete on price or volume and most of them have closed .
Please do n’t mistake me : I ’m not bashing the big stores .
In fact they have my total admiration not only for being so successful , but in almost every case for providing superb customer service while remaining profitable in a very tough , low - margin business .
Some local retailers have managed to stay viable through a combination of internet and walk - in sales , even though they historically can’t quite match the big boys in price or selection .
Other “ online stores ” degenerated into sweat - shop scam houses , advertising unrealistically low prices and using bait - and - switch and all manor of scam tactics to make money .
But for several years the trend has been clear : superstores thrived , chain stores survived ( until recently ) and small shops closed .
In this environment generally the price was the price .
The big stores all watched each other , matched each others prices ( if not always service level ) and while you might occasionally save a few bucks finding an item on double secret sale somewhere , chances were if they beat a big stores price they were scamming you .
And everybody had whatever you wanted , at least most of the time .
Once in a while a certain lens might be out of stock for a few weeks , because the manufacturer had n’t sent enough to the U. S. in the last shipment .
Occasionally a lens , usually a less popular lens like a professional grade prime or a tilt - shift , might be out of stock for a couple of months because the manufacturer had n’t produced enough in their last assembly run .
( For those who do n’t know , a lens assembly line is set up to produce one certain lens .
After x number of copies are produced the line is taken down and reset to manufacture a different lens .
Not a quick process .
I heard from an uncertain source a few years ago that Canon had 6 assembly lines total .
I have no way to verify if that ’s accurate , but its the only number I ’ve heard . )
The only other thing that changed during this time frame was the manufacturers began taking a page from the computer software developer ’s handbook and announcing new products months and months before they were actually available .
The Medium Format folks were the worst .
If they announced a product you might see it someday , you might not see it ever .
Recently Canon has become nearly as bad .
Their product announcements went from a couple of months before availability to 4 to 6 months recently .
Nikon has a more schizophrenic approach .
They announce an item , sometimes supply it immediately ( most cameras ) or supply it a bit , and then trickle more copies out over — well given that its still about impossible to find a 600 f/4 VR , I ’m not sure how long .
A lot has been made about the recent closing of the chain stores , Wolf / Ritz and Circuit City .
I think this was mostly about business practices and not a reflection of the SLR market in general .
Cameras were only a small part of Circuit City ’s lineup and Wolf / Ritz was always an odd bird in the camera market .
It had very different business practices .
They made most of their money in photorefinishing and also owned Boater ’s World Marine Centers , a chain of 130 boat supply centers which had done very poorly .
If you want to laugh a bit , look at this page from BoatersWorld.com .
Yeah , my first thought is I bet Boater ’s World is just the place most people think of to buy their 1DsMarkIII .
Someone has made comments that the manufacturers raised prices because Ritz / Wolf listed $ 40 million dollars of lenses in their bankruptcy filings but I think this is rather silly : the manufacturers will get most of that back ( either lenses or cash ) , and with $ 5.8 billion in imaging sales , Nikon , for example is not going to go under because of a piddly $ 40 million dollar loss ( most of which they are n’t really going to lose anyway ) .
The Retail Camera Market of the Last Few Months
Shortages
The first hint of new issues came in mid 2008 .
During the summer , the new Nikon VR supertelephotos were n’t to be found anywhere .
Bribes were sometimes paid to buy a copy ( trust me here , this is firsthand knowledge ) , but we all realized it was because the lenses were first placed with pros for the Olympics .
But that did n’t really explain the 70 - 200 VR shortage of the summer of 2008 , nor the fact that 600 mm and to a lesser extent 500 mm VR lenses are still difficult to find a year after introduction .
( A former Nikon representative , has informed me that Nikon has had chronic problems producing enough supertelephoto lenses since the 1970s , so perhaps this is less notable than I thought . )
So , at first we assumed it was because Nikon had an increasing market share of SLR sales and had n’t ramped up lens production to match .
At any rate , during all of 2008 there were 4 lenses that become unavailable for purchase ( Other than the Nikon VR telephotos ) for a periods of 3 to 6 weeks .
That ’s four ( 4 ) lenses during 2008 that just were n’t buyable anywhere .
As best we can recall ( we did n’t keep that number in 2007 ) that ’s about the same as most years .
In 2009 the shortages really hit , and it was n’t just Nikon , it was n’t even mostly Nikon .
At LensRentals we have to be aware when a lens is n’t available because we guarantee availability for our reservations .
If a lens is damaged or stolen we have to get a new copy right now , so we spend some time ( and have some little computer programs ) that tell us where various lenses are in stock and at what price .
At this moment ( April 2009 ) there are 17 lenses that we ca n’t buy copies of anywhere , and there ’s at least one unavailable lens for every brand we carry .
So four times as many lenses are out of stock in April of 2009 as there were during all of 2008 .
That number is probably low : that only concerns the lenses that we stock .
We do n’t bother to check on lenses we do n’t carry .
One interesting phenomenon we ’ve noted is that the superstores are generally out of stock first ( makes senses , that ’s where most people go to buy now ) .
Its so striking that in the last 4 months we ’ve established new relationships with 6 smaller camera stores : they can get us stock when the big stores ca n’t ( I assume because their turnover is slower ) .
Even in the cases where we ca n’t buy directly from the manufacturer , we can often find a short - supply lens at one of the smaller shops even when the manufacturer ’s U. S. warehouse is out of stock .
This is a very new thing .
And one side effect I ’ve noted very clearly in this bad economy is that my contacts at some of the big stores are very worried about business , while my contacts at several smaller shops are happy as can be , business is great .
I assume that the lack of availability is leveling the playing field a bit .
One other phenomenon I ’ve noted that I ’ve never seen before : some online stores are selling lenses at prices way above the manufacture ’s MAP .
Again the reason is pretty obvious : supply and demand .
If there ’s plenty of supply you ’d better meet your competitors price or you wo n’t sell any .
The competitor will sell all of his and order some more .
If supply is short you can raise the price and after your competitor has sold out , people will have to come to you and buy at the higher price .
Sure , some people will decide to wait on the purchase , but others ( say a rental house desperate to replace a damaged lens 🙂 need it now and will pay your price .
If you watch carefully ( and we do ) you ’ll notice as some stores start running out of a lens , at least some of the remaining stores are increasing their price .
The final comment I ’ll make about shortages is that some are single - country .
For example , Canadian stores are often out of lenses that are still available in the U. S. Others are geographic .
For example Canon 35 f/1.4s were recently out of stock all through North America and Europe , but readily available from Asian sellers ( yes , we buy there when there are no options — want to know the postage from Hong Kong to Memphis ?
Not pretty . ) .
Other shortages are global – like the Nikon VR Supertelephotos .
We make the assumption that regional shortages mean the company underestimated how many of their lenses to put on the ship this month ( or however often the ship leaves ) , while global shortages would indicate the company did n’t produce enough the last time they tooled the assembly line for that lens .
Prices
This summary is short and sweet : up , up and away !
Nikon has raised prices twice this year on most lenses , as has Canon .
The third party manufacturers have all raised once ( or are about to May first ) .
Olympus and Sony do n’t seem to have followed too much , but that ’s probably a matter of time .
Pricing for us consumers appears to have taken a big jump from the manufacturers , and at least in some cases a smaller jump from retailers who are n’t selling lenses under MAP anymore .
And at times are actually selling them above MAP .
Careful shoppers have gotten used to cutthroat discounts from the retailers .
The fact that those discounts are gone makes the real price paid a bit larger than the manufacturer ’s increase .
So What ’s Happening ?
Wrong Expectations
When it became obvious the recession was upon us , I know many photographers were expecting the prices of cameras and lenses to fall .
This was a simple error in expectations , they were applying the Department Store Bad Christmas concept inaccurately .
The Department Store Bad Christmas concept is 1 ) Store buys all their Christmas stock , 2 ) Christmas sales are bad so they ’re left with lots of stock which they mark down drastically and sell .
This idea did n’t apply to lenses for a couple of reasons .
First , department store merchandise has a high markup ( 50 % ) so drastic markdowns are possible .
Second , department store goods go out of style in a few months so selling at a loss is better than never selling at all .
Camera lenses do n’t have high markups , and a good lens now will still be a good lens in 6 months , so holding on to it is often better financially than selling at a loss .
Plus its often possible for a camera retailer to return unsold lenses to the manufacturer for credit .
The Dollar versus the Yen
The party line for most of the price increases has been that the buying power of the dollar has weakened significantly against the yen .
This is true , the dollar dropped from 110 yen in August , 2008 to 90 yen in January , 2009 .
On the other hand , the dollar has rebounded to 100 yen by March , 2009 .
When you consider that most multinational companies hedge currency pretty effectively the change does n’t seem enough to justify the price increases , but I ’m sure it does contribute to them to some degree .
Or at least justifies them to some degree .
The Euro has had a slightly greater loss against the yen than the dollar and European prices seem to have increased more than U. S. prices , so maybe there is something to it .
But Japanese prices have increased too , so maybe not all that much .
Several people have contacted me to provide more evidence that the slide of the dollar and Euro against the yen really are a major portion of the pricing problem , using examples from the auto industry .
I was surprised to learn that Nissan had moved production from Japan to Mexico and Toyota had declared openly that the strong
Yen was largely responsible for price increases and weak sales .
Manufacturer ’s Cuts
Say what you want about their R & D and quality control departments , but all of the SLR manufacturers are huge multinational corporations with decent business sense .
They knew a worldwide recession was on the way and took action fairly early .
Nikon laid off 10 % of their manufacturing force in November 2008 .
Canon laid off 1,200 Japanese workers and cut input from its suppliers in December 2008 .
Sony has laid off many thousands of workers , although its impossible to find how many were in their imaging division .
Canon also delayed opening a new manufacturing plant and numerous reports say that all the camera manufacturers have cut orders from their suppliers .
So there ’s no question the manufacturers have consciously cut production .
One can debate whether the manufacturers planned to create a shortage which would raise prices , or whether they overreacted and cut production more than was warranted .
Everyone understands that you can sell more items at a lower profit , or fewer items at a higher profit .
Businesses spend a lot of time projecting ( often inaccurately ) the ‘ sweet spot ’ of price where total profit is maximized .
Whether the current shortages were a plan to raise prices , or a miscalculation of how much to cut production makes for an interesting discussion devoid of facts .
Either theory is plausible and no one outside of their boardroom knows the answer .
I suspect many do n’t know for sure inside the boardroom either .
It also does n’t matter much , the deed has been done .
Production has decreased more than demand , and therefore prices can be raised .
Several people have sent me references regarding the overall Japanese response to the current economic crisis that reinforces what I said above .
Japanese automobile companies do n’t seem nearly as secretive as the camera companies .
They state openly that one of the major solutions to the world economic slowdown is to decrease production as much as 40 % to maintain demand for their products .
While only the automobile companies are stating it openly , its obvious that most Japanese industries have consciously decreased production .
Japanese industrial out put overall decreased 8 % in November , 2008 , 10 % in January and 8 % more in February .
It seems clear that the overall response of Japanese industry to the economic crisis is NOT to lower prices in an attempt to increase sales volume ; it is to cut costs and reduce production sufficiently to maintain demand despite increased prices .
So Where Do Things Go Now ?
OK , the facts are mostly behind us , we ’ve now reached the point of this article where I subtly move to unfounded speculation .
But I ’ll try to list these in order from “ Pretty Obvious ” to “ What are you smoking ? ”
Shortages will be with us a while .
The manufacturers have made cuts and until the economy perks up they are n’t going to rehire .
The corporate heads , worrying about their company ’s survival in tough economic times , are not primarily concerned about camera and lens production rates .
They will be conservative .
New technology will continue to be released
All of the cuts I ’ve been able to find have been in manufacturing , not in Research and Development .
That ’s good news long term .
Some of the manufacturers might not make it through this economy .
Remember , that most of the SLR manufacturers are not PRIMARILY camera manufacturers .
Nikon is primarily a camera company .
( It is a member of the Mitsubishi keiretsu a group of companies loosely affiliated around the Mitsubishi Bank , but it functions completely autonomously .
Thanks to Eamon Hickey for explaining what a Keiretsu actually is . )
While Nikon has significant Industrial Equipment and Scientific divisions , imaging products are their largest and most profitable division so Nikon will obviously remain fully committed to imaging .
Canon , Inc. is a large conglomerate of companies including business machines , industrial equipment , optical equipment , and cameras .
While Canon is the world ’s the largest camera company , within Canon the camera division plays second fiddle to the business machine division , in revenue , profit , and growth .
To sum up the situation , Canon ’s entire camera division accounts for 18 % of Canon corporate revenue .
SLR lens sales account for about 2.7 % of revenue .
I would assume restoring lens production is n’t Canon ’s top corporate priority , but on the other hand the world ’s largest camera company is n’t going to close up , either .
Olympus actually makes more money in medical imaging than in consumer cameras and the medical division should be much more recession proof than digital imaging .
One would assume they would protect that business at the expense of the camera division if necessary .
Pentax is a moderate sized division of Hoya .
Even within the Pentax division , much of the revenue comes from medical imaging equipment , so one would assume they would behave similarly to Olympus .
Sony is a huge , seemingly chaotic electronics corporation .
I ca n’t make sense of where the camera division fits in the corporate structure , but their primary emphasis has always been on point and shoot cameras .
Who knows what they want to do with their SLR division given the massive cuts and layoffs they ’re going through .
In the long term one has to wonder if we might lose another camera brand .
The economy is going to be slow coming back and there will be a lot of pressure .
Nikon ’s obviously not going anywhere , cameras ARE their business .
Canon ’s camera division is huge even if it is n’t the biggest part of the company , so the idea of them closing is laughable .
Sony ’s an even bigger company , but apparently in more distress than the others and SLR cameras are n’t the biggest fish in their pond by a long shot .
Not even a minnow .
Maybe plankton .
I ’d guess corporate pride would keep them from closing the SLR division , especially since they consider it a status market , but who knows ?
Olympus , Panasonic , and Pentax are all camera divisions of conglomerate companies who make most of their money elsewhere .
I do n’t have a clue what will happen to them , although Olympus USA recently made some layoffs and cuts that appear frightening , and Pentax has n’t been very active with new releases on the SLR side of things lately .
Hopefully they will all survive , but I do n’t think any of us would be shocked by a merger or acquisition involving one of these three .
Camera retail sales may change ( here ’s the pure speculation )
A shortage gives the manufacturer a lot of control over the retail market .
If he has a warehouse full of lenses common sense would indicate he sells them to whoever , within reason , places an order .
If he has only a few copies in stock , he gets to decide which retailers get their order filled , when it gets filled , and how much of the order gets filled .
I wo n’t give out any proprietary information here , but if you ’ve watched for lenses that are out of stock to return to stock online , you ’ll certainly see that not every store lists them in stock at about the same time .
Now certainly some stores may have had so many backorders that their shipment never showed up ‘ in stock ’ , but in some cases the stock never showed up .
( You know this if you have a backorders in at 10 different stores and the sales director you know well tells you they never got a shipment 🙂
One noticeable recent activity has been some attempts on the manufacturer ’s part to ‘ clean up ’ some of the shady online camera shops .
I know some of the borderline stores ( not the true scammers ) pretty well and several have told me they ’re being told to toe the line or lose their reseller status .
Its also only logical that manufacturers want to maintain a competitive retail environment .
If there are only 2 or 3 camera stores left standing , they probably will be a lot less likely to scratch and claw with each other to keep their prices down .
Manufacturers these days are all too aware of the Walmart phenomenon where a large retailer has enough power to dictate terms to a manufacturer .
For all these reasons , it makes perfect sense for the manufacturers to make sure a number of different camera retailers survive and none becomes too much bigger than the others .
So how will it affect us consumers ?
First I think we ’ve seen the peak of the camera superstores .
The remaining mid-sized stores in reasonably large cities seem to be doing pretty well these days , at least considering the economy .
I personally think that ’s a good thing .
If interstate internet sales become subject to sales tax ( seems likely ) the local stores will get another boost .
Second , in the near term at least , I expect lens shortages are with us for a while .
And while I do n’t expect prices to jump up much further , I ’d be surprised to see them come down significantly either .
I am curious to see what happens when ‘ Canon rebate season ’ ( usually announced in May ) occurs this year .
I ’m expecting pretty small rebates on fewer items , but this is just my speculation .
I do n’t have any insider information ( and if I did could n’t share it ) .
It should be interesting , the next couple of years .
Roger Cicala
Lensrentals.com
Addenedum 5/9/09 : When Canon ’s rebates were first announced I thought my speculation was way off the mark .
I was pretty impressed with the number and amount of rebates this time around .
Within a couple of days , though , it became apparent that prices were raised almost as fast as the rebates were announced .
I do NOT know for certain how much of the price increase is Canon originated and how much is retailer add on .
Every retailer I have spoken with says their purchase cost has increased , but they would probably tell me that regardless .
It remains clear , however , that there are not enough lenses and a number of rebated items are pretty much sold out everywhere .
One strong hint , though , that at least some of the recent price increase is manufacturer driven can be found by looking at prices for 70 - 200 f/2.8 IS lenses .
The lens has a $ 200 rebate , but soon after the rebate started several camera superstores raised the price of the lens to $ 1799 , making the post - rebate cost $ 1599 .
Most stores followed but a few kept the original price ( at least through the weekend of May 9 ) , leaving a net price of $ 1499 after rebate .
Several of the stores that have kept the lower price have changed their web page to not list the price , but rather “ add to your cart to see the lower price ” .
Since stores are not allowed to show a price lower than the Minimum Advertised Price on their website , this would be what they should do if they are actually selling it below the MAP , meaning Canon , not the retailers , raised the price after the rebate was announced .
Only two stores are still advertising the $ 1499 price : one big - box retailer for whom camera lenses are a small sideline , and one small shop that observes the Jewish Sabbath — I suspect both are just slow to update their advertised prices over the weekend .
OK , and one final thought , and this is totally my speculative opinion not to be confused with anything factual .
But the dollar ( and to a lesser extent the Euro ) seems to be strengthening against the yen .
I ’m beginning to see people talking about ‘ buying lenses before the price goes up again ’ and even more notably ‘ buying lenses now because they ’ll only be worth more in the future ’ .
I consider this sort of like the talk that occurs in the stock market before a bubble bursts .
Or even more appropriately , what people once said during the ultimate manipulation of supply and demand of all time : Beanie Babies .
Buying lenses is for taking pictures , not an investment .
But people talking like this makes my gut instinct say that the manufacturers have driven prices up to a profitable point ( I ’d assume we ’re there ) and will soon ramp up production to take advantage of that profit margin .
Ramping up production takes time , at least 6 months and probably more , but after that has occurred I would picture shortages disappearing and a little price pressure holding prices steady , perhaps even dropping them a tiny bit ( although never back to the glory days of 2008 ) .
Roger Cicala ,
Lensrentals.com , March 2009
More Lensrentals Articles
Most of the doom and gloom is starting to lift from the media , and there are talks of economic recovery .
However , we are still in a recession , and President Obama and others have warned us that economic recovery is likely to be a slow process .
You do n’t come out of a funk like this ( something decades in the making ) overnight .
If you are lucky , and if you have been making the right moves , chances are that you are positioned to have your personal finances mostly survive the recession .
Even if you think you will be fine — and especially if you are n’t quite sure — there are some smart personal finance moves that you can make during a recession .
These are things that can help you extend your money supply and improve your cash flow .
And you can continue practicing these personal finance principles even after the recession ends .
It never hurts to start preparing for the next downcycle .
Here are 6 smart personal finance moves for the recession :
Track your spending .
Know what you are spending your money on .
Be aware that some of the little things , added up and compounded , can take a big bite out of your finances .
Also , make a note of where you do your spending and what you use to pay .
Paying with credit card ( and carrying the balance ) means that even more of your money is going elsewhere .
Identify your problem areas .
Do you buy more when something is on discount ?
Do you look for deals and then buy just to buy ?
Do you have a weakness for certain products ?
Figure out what you are spending the most on , and why .
And then consciously make an effort to improve .
Prioritize your spending , cutting out most of the unnecessary .
Decide what is really important to you .
Now that you ’ve tracked your spending and found your weak spots , you can create a spending plan that addresses these issues and makes sure that you cover the important things first .
( Hint : some sort of savings is one of the most important spending priorities . )
Save a little .
During a recession , you may not be able to save as much as you would like .
However , you should do what you can to set as much as you can aside .
Work toward building up your emergency fund .
Also , a recession is a good time to keep adding to your retirement fund .
Investments are on sale right now , and adding to your retirement account can mean bigger gains later .
If you are a little nervous about some of the investments out there , you might consider index funds .
Stop adding to your debt .
Even if you do n’t have money to spare for aggressive debt reduction right now , you can still stop digging the hole deeper .
Arrange your spending plan so that you cut out the waste and the excess so that you do n’t “ need ” to turn to credit cards .
And , of course , if you have a little bit that you can use to pay down your debt , that ’s even better .
Try to diversify your income .
Now is a good time to attempt to diversify your income streams .
Dividend investing can be one way to increase your cash flow .
You can also sell some of your unused stuff .
Try starting your own business , or making money from a hobby .
You can even look for ways to make money online .
Just be careful of scams and be realistic .
You may not see immediate results .
But starting now could provide a source of income that can serve as a safety net down the road .
Italian PM Silvio Berlusconi is suing a left - wing newspaper in Italy , along with papers in France and Spain , and he 's looking into a couple in Britain .
Why ?
Because they keep asking him slanderous questions about his ridiculous private life !
He is specifically pissed at La Repubblica , a left - wing Italian paper that has published 10 questions they demand Berlusconi answer , over and over again .
They are about his 18 - year - old mistress ( the model who calls him " daddy " ) , and also about other hilarious things he has done :
La Repubblica has frequently re-published its 10 questions for Berlusconi , which demand him to reveal how he met Letizia and where , why he has contradicted himself repeatedly and whether he has frequented other minors .
But the questions also asked him to justify selecting numerous showgirls as candidates for his conservative People of Freedom party , and asked if he was really unaware that 42 - year - old escort Patrizia D'Addario who says she slept with him last November and dozens of others he allegedly entertained were prostitutes .
He is also mad at a French newspaper for talking about a tape involving more of his sexual exploits .
Silvio , we know the libel laws are way less friendly here in the US than they are in most of western Europe , but still : you are a corrupt amoral whoremonger with a thing for jailbait !
You , Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , pay for sex with prostitutes when you are not sleeping with minors !
[ Photo : AP ]
ハンドピュレナは楽天・アマゾンで購入できる？最安値は？
老化が気になる手に潤いとハリを与えて、若々しい手に導いてくれる専用ハンドクリーム「ハンドピュレナ」ですが、購入したいけれど、なるべく安く、お得に購入したい！という気持ちは、みなさんお持ちだと思います。
このページでは、ハンドピュレナをお試しするならどのショップがオススメなのか、選ぶべき購入コースや価格、購入条件なども合わせて詳しく紹介します。
ハンドピュレナはどこが最安値？楽天・アマゾンは安い！
ハンドピュレナを最安値で購入するなら「オフィシャル販売サイト」がオススメです！
オフィシャル販売サイトで購入すれば、最安値で購入できて、初めての方に安心の特典がついているんです！
楽天市場、アマゾン、ヤフーショッピングで、ハンドピュレナを購入したい方もおられるかもしれませんが、残念ながらハンドピュレナは販売されていませんでした。
各ショップで検索した結果の画像を下記に掲載します。
●楽天市 場
・ハンドピュレナは販売していません。 ●アマゾン
・ハンドピュレナは販売していません。 ● Yahoo!ショッピング
・ハンドピュレナは販売していません。
楽天、アマゾン、ヤフーショッピング、どれもハンドピュレナの取り扱いはありません。
ハンドピュレナを最安値で購入するなら、オフィシャル販売サイトが良いですよ！
しかも！
ハンドピュレナをオフィシャル販売サイトで購入すると、初めての方に嬉しい特典がついています。
それ が「25日間の全額返金保証」なんです！
実際にハンドピュレナを使ってみて、変化を感じられなかったり、肌に合わない場合は、商品代金を返金してもらえる制度です。
初めて購入する方は、返金保証がついていると安心ですね。
オフィシャル販売サイトで選択できる購入コースは4コースあります。
下記に、それぞれのコースの詳細を紹介しますのでチェックしてみてください。
◆ハンドピュレナの価格・特典情報
※価格は税抜表記です。
ハンドピュレナをお試ししたい方は、これらの4コースの中でも、
・お試し定期コー ス
・単品購 入
のいずれかを選ぶと良いですよ。
ハンドピュレナの 「お試し定期コース」は、毎月1本届く定期コースでの注文になりますが、割引価格で購入できて、いつでも解約することができます。
返金保証も付きますから、初めての方がお得に、安く購入できるコースなんです。
ハンドピュレナの 「単品購入」は、単品購入なので割引はありません。
ですが、買い切りになるので解約などの手続きが面倒な方にはオススメです。
返金保証も付きますよ。
ハンドピュレナは、とても人気がある商品です。
売り切れになり、2ヶ月待ち、3ヶ月待ちになったこともあるほどなんです。
使ってみたい！という方は、早めに注文するようにしてくださいね。
お試しの方は、上記の2つのコースのお好きな方で、ハンドピュレナをぜひ試してみてください！
コチラ⇒返金保証付きだから安心してお試しできる！ハンドピュレナ
■このページの上( メニュー ) へ↑↑
注意！ハンドピュレナのお試し定期コースの価格・購入の条件
老け手をケアしてくれる専用ハンドクリーム「ハンドピュレナ」には、選べるコースが4つあります。
● 1本のみの単品購 入
●お試し定期コー ス
●年間コー ス
●基本コー ス
その中でも、ハンドピュレナを最安値でお試ししたい方にぴったりなのが・・・
★お試し定期コースです！
ハンドピュレナを初めて購入する方は、いきなり定期コースで買い続けるというのは不安があるという方もいらっしゃると思います。
でも、ハンドピュレナのお試し定期コースは、お試しで使ってみたい方にこそお得な条件になっているんです。
ですのでここでは、ハンドピュレナのお試し定期コースの価格や購入条件、特典内容、解約方法などについてもまとめて紹介していきます。
●ハンドピュレナのお試し定期コースの詳細！ ※価格は税別表記です ハンドピュレナの公式サイトはこちら
●ハンドピュレナのお試し定期コースは初めての方に超お得！
ハンドピュレナのお試し定期コースは、毎月1本届く定期コースになります。
ただ、定価より10％の割引価格になるため、最安値で買うことができます。
また、初めての方が不安に感じる「定期コース」という条件ですが、ハンドピュレナのお試し定期コースは・・・
★購入回数の縛りなし！
初回の1本だけでも解約できるんです。
解約方法も、定期専用マイページから申請できるので、スマホ・パソコンから簡単に手続きできます。
また、お試し定期コースには、特典として・・・
★全額返金保証が付いています！
返金保証の期間は商品が自宅に到着してから「 25日間」。
もしハンドピュレナを使ってみて、効果に満足できない、また肌に合わないという場合でも解約できるだけでなく、商品代金を返金してもらうことができるんです。
また、お試し定期コースで2本目以降も続ける場合は、割引が10％から15％になるので、さらにお安く続けることができます。
ですので、ハンドピュレナのお試し定期コースは、割引価格で解約自由、さらに返金保証付きでお試しできるので、初めて使うという方がお得に使ってみることができるお得なコースなんですね。
ハンドピュレナを最安値で返金保証付きでお試ししたい方に、お試し定期コースはピッタリのコースですよ。
詳細は、下記リンクより確認してくださいね。
こちら⇒最安値＆安心の返金保証付きでお試し！ハンドピュレナ公式
■このページの上( メニュー ) へ↑↑
ハンドピュレナの定期コースの解約は面倒？ココに注意！
手の老化が気になる方にオススメの専用ハンドクリーム「ハンドピュレナ」は、定期コース購入がお得なんですが、解約はできるのかが気になりますよね。
ですのでここでは、定期コースの解約について注意する点を紹介していきますね。
■解約する方法は ？
ハンドピュレナの定期コースの解約はカンタン♪
ハンドピュレナの公式サイトに「定期専用マイページ」があるので、そのページから手続きできます。
「変更はマイページでできるけど、解約は電話」という定期コースが多い中、ハンドピュレナの定期コースは電話をしなくてもOK!
スマホ・パソコンで解約することができるんですよ。
もちろん、解約に料金はかかりません。
定期専用マイページは、ハンドピュレナの販売元の「北の快適工房」の公式サイトのトップページの左上の「ログイン(定期専用マイページ)」をクリックしてください。
そうすると、定期専用マイページが開きますよ。
■解約の際の注意 点
ハンドピュレナの定期コースは3パターンあります。
「 お試しコース 」 「 基本コース 」 「 年間コース」があります。
解約の仕方は同じですが、解約の条件が異なりますので注意してくださいね！
●お試しコース ・毎 月1本届く定期コース
・ 10 ％割 引 解約条件はありません 。
初回の1本だけでも解約可能！ ハンドピュレナを最安値でお試ししたい方にピッタリなコースです。 ●基本コース ・3ヶ月ごとに届く定期コース
・ 3本から選択可能 解約条件 は 「 最低3回の受取り後」です。
3回は必ず受け取らないといけないので注意してください。
割引率が上がりますので、ハンドピュレナを続けて使う方にピッタリです。 ●年間コース ・1年分を一度に注文できるコース
・3ヶ月ごとに1回届きます。
・届く本数は3本から選択可能 解約は、12ヶ月分が届いた後、自動更新前(次回発送の1週間前)までに解約手続きが必要です。
割引率が一番大きいので、ハンドピュレナを長く続ける方にピッタリです。
ハンドピュレナの定期コースは、単品購入よりも割引率がアップするのでお得です。
長く続けるほどに、割引率が上がりますので、「実感できるならしばらく続けて使いたい」という方は、安く続けることができますよ。
お好きなコースを選択してみてくださいね。
★⇒多くの方に人気です！老け手ケアの決定版！ハンドピュレナ
■このページの上( メニュー ) へ↑↑
ハンドピュレナの返金保証の申し込み方について！
気になる手の老化ケアの為のクリーム「 ハンドピュレナ 」 の「お試し定期コース 」と「単品購入」には、初めて購入する方に安心の「全額返金保証」がついています。
ただ、注意してほしいのが、返金保証を受けるには、いくつか決まりがあるという点です。
ここでは、ハンドピュレナの返金保証を受けるための決まりや注意点を紹介します。
■ハンドピュレナの返金保証の申請に関する注意点
ハンドピュレナの返金保証の期間は、商品が手元に届いてから「25日間」です。
25日間を1日でも過ぎてしまうと、返金保証が受けられませんので注意してください。
なおかつ、返金保証を受けるには最低でも「15日間」使い続けないといけません。
ただ、例外があり、肌に合わないと感じた場合は15日間を待たずに、すぐに返金保証を申請できます。
この返金保証は、ハンドピュレナのオフィシャル販売サイトから購入した場合にのみついてくる特典です。
購入コースは4コースありますが、「お試し定期コース」と「単品購入コース」で購入したものだけが対象です。
他のコースには、返金保証はついていませんのでご注意ください。
●ハンドピュレナの返金保証の申請方法
ハンドピュレナの返金保証の大まかな申請方法は、
「 �@返金保証を申請⇒�Aパッケージを返送⇒�Bメーカーからの確認連絡待ち⇒�C商品代金の返金」となります。
それぞれ、詳しく見ていきましょう！
�@返金保証を申請
申請は、ハンドピュレナのオフィシャル販売サイトの「返金保証について詳しくはこちら」という部分をクリックして開く申請フォームからおこないます。
※⇒ハンドピュレナのオフィシャル販売サイトへ
返金保証の申請フォームに下記の必要事項を入力後、送信すれば申請完了です。
・注文者の名 前
・メールアドレ ス
・電話番 号
・商品名
・返金の際の口座番号
※注意
注文者が未成年の場合以外は、注文者からの申請のみ有効です
� Aパッケージを返 送
申請が済んだら、使用済みのパッケージを返送します。
返金保証を申請してか ら 「 1週間以内 」 に「配達記録が残る方法で返送」してください。
1週間を過ぎると、返金保証を受けられなくなってしまいます。
返送にかかる送料は自己負担で、ハンドピュレナに同封されている冊子・チラシは返送不要です。
郵便局・コンビニで、配達記録が残る方法で返送したい旨を伝えれば、対応してくれます。
パッケージを封筒に入れて、切手を貼ってポスト投函はＮＧですよ。
返送先は、返金申請フォームに載っている住所を参照してください。
� Bメーカーからの確認連絡待 ち
返送された商品は、ハンドピュレナの販売メーカーが確認しますので、連絡を待ってください。
メーカーからの受取りの連絡は、返送した月の月末までに「パッケージを受領しました：北の快適工房」との件名のメールが届きます。
� C商品代金の返 金
返金されるタイミングは、
・メーカーのパッケージの返送確認
・代金の支払の確 認
( 後払いの方も、まずは代金の支払が必要です)
こ の2つが完了した月の「翌月末」となります。
ただ、メーカーのパッケージの確認が月末になってしまったときには、返金のタイミングがさらに遅れる場合がありますので注意してください。
ハンドピュレナをお試ししたい方は、返金保証を上手に使ってお試ししてみてくださいね！
売り切れ注意の大人気！
↓↓ハンドピュレナ↓↓
注意！ハンドピュレナの1本のみの単品購入の価格・購入条件
老け手ケア専用ハンドクリーム「ハンドピュレナ」には、選べるコースが4つあります。
● 1本のみの単品購 入
●お試しコー ス
●年間コー ス
●基本コー ス
ここでは、ハンドピュレナの1本のみの単品購入の価格やメリット、デメリットを紹介します。
単品購入 は「買い切り」なので買いやすい条件ですが、他のコースと比べて価格などに違いがあります。
下記をご覧下さい 。
●ハンドピュレナの単品購入の詳細
※価格は税別で す
●ハンドピュレナの単品購入は価格に注意！
ハンドピュレナの1本のみ「単品購入」は、買い切りなので、定期コースのように継続の条件などはありません。
その点、気楽に購入できるので、メリットではあります。
ただ、価格が定価ですので、割引はありません。
お値段が一番高いコースという点が、デメリットといえます。
もし、最安値でハンドピュレナをお試ししたい方は「お試しコース」がおすすめです。
定価より10％割引価格、定期コースでもいつでも解約自由なので、お安くハンドピュレナをお試しできます。
※⇒ハンドピュレナのお試しコースの詳細はこちら
ハンドピュレナをお試ししたい方は「単品購入 」か「お試しコース」のどちらかがおすすめです。
どちら も「25日間の全額返金保証」もついていますので、もし使ってみて肌に合わない場合でも、商品代金を返金してもらえます。
※返金保証は、公式通販サイトで購入した方のみの特典となりますので注意してください。
ですので、定価で割引無しですが買い切りでお試ししたい方は「単品購入」を、割引価格の最安値でお試ししたい方は「お試しコース」を選ぶといいですよ。
★⇒自信があるから返金保証付き！ハンドピュレナ
■このページの上( メニュー ) へ↑↑
ハンドピュレナの市販！薬局で買える？一番安く購入するにはどこ？
ハンドピュレナを購入したい方の中には、「どこで購入できるの？」「最安値は？」という疑問をお持ちの方もおられると思います。
ハンドピュレナは、ドラッグストア・薬局などでは販売されていません。
通販のみで販売されている商品なんです。
実際に、私がドラッグストアを見て回りましたが、下記の店舗には置いてありませんでした。
店員さんに聞いても入荷予定はありませんとのことでした。
マツモトキヨ シ
サンドラッ グ
ツルハドラッ グ
ドンキホー テ
クリエイ ト
セキ薬局
LOFT
東急ハン ズ
ただ、すべての店舗に本当においていないかどうかはわかりませんので、販売メーカーの「北の快適工房」に確認してみました。
回答は・ ・
●ハンドピュレナは 「 通販限定のみの販売」になります！
店頭では販売されていないんですね。
購入するなら、ネット注文が手軽でオススメ。
ハンドピュレナのオフィシャル販売サイトなら、定価の10％引きで購入できます。
この価格が最安値 ！
さらに、初めて購入する方にも安心の「25日間の返金保証」付き！
返金保証がついていれば、もし肌に合わなかったという場合でも、商品を返品して商品代金を返金してもらえるから安心ですね。
興味がある方は、ぜひハンドピュレナのオフィシャル販売サイトを確認してみてくださいね！
こちら⇒手のカサカサ・ゴツゴツが気になる方にも！ハンドピュレナ
ハンドピュレナの評判・レビューが知りたい！
手のエイジングケアを始めたい方にピッタリなのが「ハンドピュレナ」。
使ってみたい！という方に、ハンドピュレナを使ったことがある方のレビューを紹介します。
購入の際の参考にしてみてくださいね。
● Kさん ・27 歳 手荒れが酷く、ガサガサしていて「老け手」なのが気になっていて。
ハンドピュレナは、1万2000人以上の人が予約していて品薄でしたが、使ってみたかったので購入。
実際に使ってみると・・・
するすると、良く伸びますね！ 塗った後にベタベタしないし、肌がしっとり潤っています。
夜塗ると、翌朝手がふんわりハリ肌に。 手は酷使するパーツだし、人目にも触れるから、しっかりエイジングケアしたいですね。
● Eさん ・29 歳 クリームの中にピンク色の粒が見えます。
美容成分の 「 ビタミ ンE誘導体」なんですね。
なんだか、効きそう〜！
手に塗ると、粒がとけて、肌になじみます。
使い心地は良いです ！ 1週間使い続けると、肌がしっとり潤ってすべすべに！
手をきちんとケアしたことって、今までなかったのでこんなに実感できるなんてビックリ！
年齢を感じさせない手でいたいから、これからもしっかりケアしていこうと思います！
● Aさん ・30 歳 使った後にベタベタすることもなく、しっとりすべすべ。
続けていると、手のシワも目立たなくなってきました！
手を良く使う仕事をしているので、こまめにハンドピュレナをぬりぬり。
ガサガサだった手も、しっかり潤いました。 これからも続けて、若々しい手を手に入れたいです！
● Mさん・32 歳 手は、顔と比べるとケアを念入りにしていません。
手の甲が乾燥したり、肌がたるんだりと、エイジングサインが気になっていました。
保湿力を感じるものはありますが、エイジングケア商品は今までしたことがなかったので使ってみました。
市販のハンドクリームとの違いがあるのかな？と思っていましたが、寝る前に塗ると翌朝、手がふっくらハリのある感じ！
こんなに効果が感じられるなんて驚き！ これからは、顔だけでなく、手のケアも続けていこうと思います。
● Eさん・45 歳 数日間続けていましたが、まず感じたのが肌の潤いです。
塗った時だけでなく、潤いが持続するんです。 ほのかに香る良い香りで、癒されます。 使った後にベタベタしないから、事務作業の前に使っても大丈夫。
いつでも使えるのって、ポイント高いんですよね。
持ち運びにも便利なサイズだから、どこでも塗ることができますね。
定期購入も可能だから、続けて使うには定期が良いかも。
● Yさん ・50 歳 「 老け手」と聞い て 「 私の手のことかも」と感じました。
手で年齢が分かると言いますが、これまでお手入れはほぼしていませんでした。
ハンドピュレナは人気なんですね。
予約待ちの方が、なんと12,000人だとか！ 手元に届くまで時間がかかりそうだな、と思いましたが待つ覚悟で注文しました。
やっと届いて使ってみると・・・
待った甲斐がありました！ 肌がぷるんと若々しく、ハリがある感触に！
乾燥する季節だと、特に良いかもしれません。 毎日続けて、もっとキレイな手になりたいです！
ハンドピュレナは、人気の商品で、売り切れ続出！
「 3ヶ月待ち」になったことも ！
私が注文した時は、2ヶ月待ちでしたが、その後見てみると3ヶ月待ちになっていたので、注文しておいてよかった、ということがありました。
ですので、購入したい方は早めに注文しておくと良いですよ。
興味がある方は、下記の公式販売サイトを確認してみてくださいね！
★クリック⇒最安値＆返金保証付きだから安心してお試し！ハンドピュレナ
ハンドピュレナで効き目を得られない使い方がわかった！
「 ハンドピュレナ」は、老け手を何とかしたい方の味方！
効き目をしっかり実感するために、どう使うのが良いのか悪いのか、詳しく紹介していきますね。
ハンドピュレナは、私も実際に使っていて、手が若々しく変化してきているのを実感しています。
私の経験を踏まえて、また多くの体験談を確認したことからわかる、使い方についての注意点について、一緒にみていきましょう！
◆1日2回のお手入れを毎日続けられない
ハンドピュレナは、1日2回のお手入れを続けることが大切です。
「 寝る前 」 と 「 日中の都合の良い時間」の2回を、毎日続けていくうちに、効き目を得られるということなんです。
ハンドピュレナでのお手入れを、ぜひ毎日のスキンケアの習慣にしてくださいね。
◆お手入れを長期間続けることができない
ハンドピュレナで、効き目をきちんと感じるためには、ある程度の期間、継続しないといけません。
一般的に、肌のターンオーバーは、4週間ほど。
肌の調子が悪い方や、人によってはターンオーバーの期間がもっとかかる方もおられます。
1ヶ月から2ヶ月、また3ヶ月以上かかる方もおられるかもしれません。
「 そんなに長い期間、続けるのは難しい！」そう感じた方は、ハンドピュレナでのお手入れは向いていないと思います。
最低でも1ヶ月、長い方では3ヶ月以上、使い続けることが必要になります。
ただ、スキンケアに共通していえることは、数日使っただけでは効き目を感じることはできません。
肌質や肌の状態によっては、目安の期間よりも時間がかかることも、あり得ます。
もし、ハンドピュレナを使っていて・・
・肌の潤いが増してきた
・シワが減ってきた気がする
・肌の弾力がアップしてきた
少しでも、これらの効き目を感じることができたら、ぜひ使い続けてみてください！
続けていくうちに、手がさらに若々しく変化していくことを実感できると思います。
◆1回の使用量を守ることができない
ハンドピュレナの1回の使用量は、両手分でパール大（直径1cm、高さ6mm ) 。
この量を使い続けていくことで、効き目を実感することができると思います。
勿体ないからとケチって使うのはＮＧ！
効き目を感じるまでの時間が長くなってしまうだけで、かえってもったいない！
1回の使用量は、きちんと守るようにしてくださいね。
ただし、使ってみてもう少し多く使った方が良いなと感じた場合は、量を増やすのは問題ありません。
まずは、目安量を使ってみて、肌の状態を見て量を増やすようにしてくださいね。
・ 1日2回毎日きちんと続けている
・継続して使ってい る
・ 1回の目安量を守っている
これらの使い方を守っているのに、3週間経っても、少しも良い変化を感じられない場合は、ハンドピュレナが合っていないのかもしれません。
その場合は、ハンドピュレナに付いている返金保証を使って、商品代金を返金してもらうようにしましょう。
使うのが初めての商品でも、返金保証がついていれば安心してお試しすることができますよね。
ハンドピュレナが気になる方は、まずは3週間、続けてみてください！
手は人目につきやす部分ですから、きちんとケアして、綺麗な手でいられるようにしたいですね！
★⇒本格的な手のエイジングケアを始めたい方に！ハンドピュレナ
ハンドピュレナのアフターサービスが知りたい！
「 ハンドピュレナ」は、手元のカサカサやゴツゴツな老けた見た目を何とかしたい方に使ってみてほしい本格的なエイジングケアクリームなんですが、ハンドピュレナを使う前に、「肌に合うかどうか」「どんな効き目を感じることができるのか」など、心配に感じる方もおられるでしょうし、
また、実際に使ってみて、正しい使い方や、「こんな時はどうすれば良い？」などの疑問も出てくるかと思います。
そんな時は、ハンドピュレナの販売メーカーの北の快適工房に、質問してみてください！
北の快適工房には、専任のスキンケアアドバイザーが常駐。
ハンドピュレナを購入した方にはもちろん、購入前でハンドピュレナに対する質問をお持ちの方に、専任のスキンケアアドバイザーが対応してくれます。
メール・電話で、きちんと回答してくれるんですよ。
利用は、無料です 。
購入前に感じた疑問や、購入後に出てきた疑問など、何でも相談してみてください。
ひとりひとりに合った回答を、きちんと返してくれますよ。
もちろん、他の商品の勧誘をされる、ということもありません！
気軽に質問してみてくださいね。
ハンドピュレナのサポートセンターへの連絡方法と受付の時間帯は、下記を参照してください。
●メール ・ 24 時間受付 ●電話
・ 10:00 〜12:30 / 13:30 〜17:00 ( 土日祝休 )
※電話番号は、商品同封の冊子や、公式サイトで確認してください。
ハンドピュレナのオフィシャル販売サイトからの購入なら、返金保証も付いています！
初めての購入でも、返金保証がついていれば、商品代金を返金してもらえるから安心！
気軽にお試しすることができますね。
興味がある方は、ぜひ下記をチェックしてみてくださいね！
自宅で気軽 に
手のエイジングケアが可能！
↓↓ハンドピュレナはこちら！↓↓
■このページの上( メニュー ) へ↑↑
After college when I started working it was quickly clear to my boss I had two interrelated flaws .
( 1 ) I thought I knew more then anybody else and ( 2 ) Asking for help was a sign of weakness .
I still may tend to think I know more then most people around me , but I have found it is nothing close to a sign of weakness to ask for help or admit you do n't understand something .
In fact if you 're an employee of mine nothing will get you into my " dog house " faster than making mistakes that should n't have happened if the person had just asked for help .
So with that said enter Palin , Jindal , and Perry .
Of course we all know why neither of them have spoken with Biden .
They want nothing to do with the Obama administration , they hope he fails , and they can't wait to start running for their party 's 2012 presidential nomination .
But I still have to say WTF !
Lets just say for sake of conversation I was a Republican in one of their three states .
Hardcore fiscal Republican .
If my governor had not talked to Biden I 'd be one pissed off voter .
I mean all they have to do is listen , they do n't actually have to take his advice , much less implement his suggestions .
And heck , they might even learn something by asking some questions , maybe see if the CBO could run some numbers for them , network with other governors , mayors and county executives to see what has and is not working for them .
Palin , Jindal , and Perry are acting like I acted when I was an arrogant 21 - year - old that was n't even smart enough to know what I did n't know .
And of course the citizens of their states are going to pay the price .
Heck , I have to think David Axelrod is sitting in his office this very second with a huge smile on his face knowing that in 2012 this is all the Republicans have to throw at Obama .
Posted on 25 August 2009 by Quaid
If you ’ve followed our site at all , you know how crazily mixed - up my feelings are about Rob Zombie ’s upcoming Halloween 2 .
On one hand , I ’m a huge fan of the original and hold it up as the Holy Grail of slasher films .
On the other , I can ( on rare occasion ) enjoy the madness of a Rob Zombie hack - fest .
Plus it ’s hard for me to hate any movie that has Michael Myers stalking scantily clad teenagers .
I think the real soul - tearing conundrum of this whole mess really stems from the fact that I ’m not sure how to categorize Zombie ’s Halloween films .
The first one seems to be a fairly straightforward remake .
It hits almost every plot point of the original and ( though the ending deviates somewhat ) stays pretty true to the story .
As a remake , then , I simply did n’t like Zombie ’s movie .
Everything he did from the original was done less effectively .
The characters were paper thin , and the plot moved so fast it was hard to give a shit .
But wait !
What about the first half of the film–that half which deals with Michael Myers as a young’n ?
It ’s totally invented and totally a Zombie original , and maybe that ’s why I enjoyed it more .
Only problem , though , is that I think learning Michael ’s origin story–in graphic detail–kills the second half of the film .
So in the end , I categorize Rob ’s first Halloween endeavor as a failed remake .
While he wanted it to be its own thing , it never stops being a remake of Carpenter ’s classic , and it pales in comparison .
Case closed , end of story .
That is , until the sequel was announced .
Zombie made no bones about the fact that this was “ his movie , ” completely severed from John Carpenter ’s film .
He said that the movie did n’t take place in a hospital ; he was going a completely different direction with the film .
In short , this was 100 % his .
When we got more news about the movie , I started to really understand exactly what the man meant .
Visions of Michael ’s mother and a young version of himself ?
Dr. Loomis on a book tour denying the idea of Michael being alive ?
Michael without the mask , stuck in some dream sequence / acid trip and flipping over cars ?
This was in no way Halloween at all–except for the fact that your killer happened to be named Michael Myers .
I was outraged that they had pissed all over my favorite slasher film icon ( again , and in a more dramatic way ) , and I was enraged that the movie looked so over - the - top and Satanic .
I had decided to hate the movie .
This is when Shep pulled me aside and gave me a Halloween intervention .
“ You ’ve got to let the movie be its own thing , ” he said .
” It might not really be Halloween , but it could still be cool . ”
I took this advice , and when the last unreleased trailer came out , I approached it with an open mind .
And I got excited again .
This was not what I wanted , but it looked like it could be something I could still enjoy the hell out of .
And that ’s when the question really hit me hard .
Is this a remake ?
Or a Re-Imagining ?
I ’m sure that it will be a bastardization of Carpenter ’s original …
… but it might still be fun , right ?
The remake / re-envisioning mill goes round and round , so I guess at this stage I should just accept that those words have little meaning .
This is a Rob Zombie slasher flick that steals gratuitously from the Halloween mythos and shares a name .
It ’s a standalone sequel to a bad remake .
It ’s a bunch of executives ’ grasp at making shitloads of money by banking on the name of a proven horror icon .
… but it might still be fun , right ?
I guess we ’ll find out friday .
SEOUL — Inching toward his mid-30s and with an ill father , Mr. Kim had a problem .
He had no girlfriend and no intention of getting married , but his parents insisted he find someone and settle down .
As his father ’s condition became worse , so did the pressure from his parents about marriage , until one day Mr. Kim found himself letting a little lie pop out :
He told his parents he was seeing someone .
But the harmless lie , which was supposed to give Kim temporary freedom , suddenly turned against him .
He somehow ended up promising his parents he would visit them with his fiancee .
“ I tried to find someone to help me out .
It had happened so suddenly , and the date was already set , ” Kim said .
So as most South Koreans do when in need , he turned to the internet , and it did not fail him .
Kim , who declined to give his full name for fear of his parents finding out , found a company that offered to do anything for him .
With the help of that company , Kim will soon head down to the countryside with a “ nice woman ” in her early or mid-30s posing as his potential bride .
Companies like the one Kim stumbled across represent one of the hottest trends in the Korean service sector these days : the instead - man service .
Companies with a pool of instead - men and women offer to do odd jobs that range anywhere from food delivery to killing cockroaches .
Customers pay a fee that starts at about $ 4 and can reach into the hundreds depending on the service .
The business emerged in one of Seoul ’s more affluent districts with companies that focused mainly on delivering food for women in their 20s and 30s who could n’t bother to leave their apartments .
But as more people acquired larger disposable incomes , and with the shift from a community - oriented society to an individualistic one , more people are choosing to pay for help instead of asking others for favors .
Instead - man companies now provide almost unlimited services and customers span all ages and genders .
“ People are saying these days , ‘ I want to take care of the important things in life , and give myself rest when I have free time , ’ ” said Yoon Ju-yeol , the head of Anyman , one of the top ranking instead - man companies and provider of Kim ’s paid fiance .
Yoon explains that South Koreans are now at a stage where they treasure themselves much more than they did in the past and see paying for their own convenience as a self - investment .
Anyman , which used to be a delivery service , officially reopened as an instead - man company in May and has seen a near tenfold growth in cases over three months .
In July alone , the company received more than 3,250 calls from customers who usually turn into regulars .
The growth is an indicator that yet another odd service catering to the needs of South Koreans , who generally like being waited on and served , is just about to bloom .
Already there were plenty of motorcycles delivering all sorts of items usually guaranteed to arrive at their destination in less than an hour .
And there are more than enough “ substitute drivers ” offering drunk car owners rides back home in their own vehicles 24 hours a day .
But Yoon thinks these services are not enough to tend to the needs of the so - called “ can’t - botherists , ” who , of course , are those suffering from “ can’t - botherism ” ( both are popular words in Korea ) .
Hence , the arrival of the instead - man .
“ This is a market that the consumers have created , and there are almost no limits to what products can be marketed and those who can supply it , ” Yoon said .
He has at least 200 professional instead - men and numerous part - timers on stand - by all across the country , allowing his company to cover a vast area and still operate efficiently .
Anyman , the name indicating that its instead - men will do anything , has seen an unimaginable variety of service requests from its clients .
Asking for food delivery from a distant place that sometimes entails double the price of the food itself as a service fee is nothing unusual .
Some customers in the countryside have even asked that cosmetics or purchases of famous food from Seoul be packed onto express buses and trains for pickup .
University students have asked instead - men to sit in their classes for them and even elementary school students have called in to have art supplies delivered to their school gates .
Instead - men say that some of the requests can be quite touching as well .
Gruff husbands call in to have porridge and medicine sent over to their sick wives , and one woman even asked if an older instead - man could accompany her elderly father on a fishing trip for two days .
But the work is , of course , not always pleasant .
“ I was once asked to fish out a dead decomposing cat from between two brick walls , and I politely declined , ” said professional instead - man Cho Sang - hee .
Cho rushed out in mid-conversation to the nearest cosmetics store , after getting a call asking that four packs of false eyelashes be delivered to a beauty salon .
“ I guess you could say I ’ve bought almost every single item a woman would at a drug store , ” Cho said , before speeding off on his motorcycle .
Read more on South Korea :
The deadly air they breathed
The world of underground tattooing
Need a protest ?
Call Park Chan-sung .
Flossie , the motorcycle test robot , is the first indication that we ’re all doomed , … OK , maybe not , it ’s actually a Castrol developed robot used for testing motorcycle lubricants under all kinds of specific , extended and sometimes , extreme conditions .
It has a self learning capability to get a feel for the clutch , gear change pattern and throttle response and it ’s totally oblivious to the noise and heat or cold of the test chamber .
Of course it just rides stationary motorcycles on a dynamometer , there ’s that whole vision and balance thing missing but , as technology marches on , you know it ’s coming .
I , for one , welcome our new motorcycle robot overlords .
Link : Faster and Faster via Engadget
Video below :
LOS CABOS , Mexico ( Reuters ) - Hurricane Jimena grew into a highly dangerous storm as it sped toward Mexico ’s Baja California peninsula on Monday , scaring tourists , prompting residents to sandbag homes and disrupting a top - level finance conference .
Jimena ’s winds strengthened to nearly 155 mph , reaching near the threshold of a deadly Category 5 storm , the U.S. National Hurricane Center said .
Category 5 hurricanes are the top of the Saffir - Simpson intensity scale and can be devastating if they hit land .
“ I ’m scared .
I ’m taking the kids back to the hotel right now -- I hope we ’ll be safe there , ” Gigi Hernandez , a tourist from California , said at a marina in Los Cabos , a lively resort area at the tip of the peninsula .
Much of Baja California is sparsely populated desert and mountains that are popular with nature lovers , surfers , sportfishermen and retirees .
Los Cabos , which is more built up , attracts tourists to its golf courses , resorts and beaches .
Mexico , a major oil producer , has no oil installations in the Pacific .
But some of its ports in the area have started closing due to Jimena , which formed and built up quickly last weekend .
The Hurricane Center forecast it would hit the area on Tuesday and move inland on Wednesday .
Los Cabos was overcast and drizzly on Monday .
The port of Cabo San Lucas was shut and a line of trailers formed as yachts , water taxis and glass - bottomed tourist boats were removed from the water for safety reasons .
Scott Mackey , 51 , from Norfolk , Virginia , stocked up on water as he prepared to take shelter in the Sheraton Hotel ’s convention center with his wife and other tourists .
“ We usually leave Norfolk to get away from hurricanes , ” he said .
HEAVY RAIN FORECAST
Mexico issued a hurricane warning for the area .
The Hurricane Center predicted significant coastal flooding and said : “ Preparations to protect life and property should be rushed to completion . ”
Economy officials from dozens of countries were due to meet in Los Cabos on Tuesday and Wednesday to discuss tax havens , but the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development moved the talks to Mexico ’s capital as the storm threat grew .
Hurricane Jimena is pictured south of the Baja California Peninsula in a satellite image taken August 31 , 2009 .
REUTERS / NOAA / Handout
The meeting was “ transferred to Mexico City because of the threat of severe damage posed by Hurricane Jimena , ” the Paris - based group said in a statement .
The Hurricane Center said Jimena could dump 5 to 10 inches of rain on southern Baja California .
Jimena was located about 305 miles south of Cabo San Lucas and moving northwest , roughly parallel to the Mexican coastline , at 10 mph .
Hurricane force winds extended outward up to 45 miles from its center .
Many tourists said they preferred to cut short their vacation than spend two days in a storm shelter .
“ I do n’t want to get stuck here , ” said Neil Freese , 29 , from San Francisco , as he hurried to the airport .
Jimena is the second hurricane of the 2009 eastern Pacific season to brush close to Mexico after Andres pounded the coast in June and swept a fisherman to his death in Acapulco .
( h/t Heather . )
Robert Reich wonders why Baucus , Grassley et all are getting to decide for the nation on health care reform .
We 'll all pay for Obama 's little experiment :
Aug. 23 , 2009 | On Thursday , the so - called Gang of Six – three Republicans and three Democrats on the Senate Finance Committee – met by conference call and , according to Max Baucus , D - Mont. , the committee 's chair , reaffirmed their commitment " toward a bipartisan healthcare reform bill " ( read : less coverage and no public insurance option ) .
The Washington Post reports that the senators shared tales from their home states , where some have been besieged by protesters angry about a potential government takeover of the nation 's healthcare system .
It 's come down to these six senators .
The House has reported a bill , as has another Senate committee , but all eyes are fixed on Senate Finance – and on these three Dems and three Republicans , in particular .
But who , exactly , anointed these six to decide the fate of the nation 's healthcare ?
I do n't get it .
Of the three Republicans in the gang , the senior senator is Charles Grassley , R - Iowa .
In recent weeks Grassley has refused to debunk the rumor that the House 's healthcare bill will spawn " death panels , " empowered to decide whether the sick and old get to live or die .
At an Iowa town meeting last Tuesday Grassley called the president and Speaker Nancy Pelosi " intellectually dishonest " for claiming the opposite .
On Thursday Grassley told the Washington Post that Congress should scale back its efforts to overhaul healthcare in the wake of intense anger at town hall meetings .
But – wait – the anger is largely about distortions such as the " death panels " that Grassley refuses to debunk .
This week on Fox News , Grassley termed the House bill " the Pelosi bill , " and called it " a government takeover of healthcare , exploding the deficit because it's not paid for and it 's got high taxes in it . "
No , it will explode the deficit because the Blue Dogs fought the Medicare reimbursement rate successfully and as a result , the so - called public option will now cost as much as regular insurance .
And because WalMart successfully fought for a grandfather clause that will enable them to provide the crappy , bare - bones insurance they always did , but competitors will have to pay for the real insurance .
( Oh , and those workers will now be kicked on Medicaid and forced to take WalMart 's crappy plan .
Good times ! )
But I digress .
Reich continues :
The Department of Defense has identified 772 American service members who have died as a part of the Afghan war and related operations .
It confirmed the death of the following American on Wednesday :
FERRELL , Bruce E. , 21 , Lance Cpl. , Marines ; Perdido , Ala. ; Second Marine Expeditionary Force .
The only thing more awesome than an urban legend turning out to be true is if that same legend involves some sort of nefarious sex or groin related hilarity .
Luckily , all of these qualify .
Advertisement
6 Digit Ratio Theory The Legend : " Dude , I can totally tell he 's gay !
Look at his fingers ! "
This sounds like one of those playground urban myths that adolescent males use as an excuse to punch each other .
Supposedly , comparing the size of your index and ring fingers can tell whether a guy is destined to one day make out with Sulu and Andy Dick in a poorly lit alley in Hollywood .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Yeah , right .
Enough of your ignorant homophobia !
The Truth : Incredibly , this is a real thing .
It 's called digit ratio theory and multiple studies have confirmed it .
Apparently if you have a longer ring finger , it means you got more testosterone as a fetus and are more likely to be hyperactive , aggressive and disgusted by anything featuring Hugh Grant .
A longer index finger , on the other hand , means more estrogen , making you more neurotic and sensitive .
So if your index finger is way longer than your ring finger , you 're like the gayest dude ever , right ?
Actually , no .
Studies found that it was when the two fingers were nearly the same length that the subjects were more likely to be gay ( men and women both ) .
Why ?
You 'll have to ask the scientists , it 's technical .
What we do know is a study from Rutgers looking at finger lengths in lesbians even found a noticeable difference between the " butch " ladies who drive trucks and wear flannel and the more feminine lesbians who tend to populate your fantasies .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement So ... how far into this entry did you get before you stopped to look at your fingers ?
Tennessee is planning to pay for most of the new jobs , which it expects will cost $ 3 million to $ 5 million , with part of its share of $ 5 billion that was included in the stimulus for the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program , the main cash welfare program for families with children .
The state did not wait for the federal paperwork to clear before putting residents of Perry County back to work .
Image Jessica Hall bags pies at Armstrong Pies in Linden , Tenn . Credit ... Josh Anderson for The New York Times
Other states are still drawing up plans for spending the welfare money , which is typically used for items like cash grants for families and job training .
Some are likely to use part of it to subsidize employment , as Tennessee is doing , but it is hard to imagine many other places where the creation of so few jobs could have such an immediate and outsize impact as it did in this bucolic county .
A stimulus job came just in time for Frank Smith , 41 , whose family was facing eviction after he lost his job as a long - haul truck driver .
Then he landed a job with the Transportation Department .
“ The day I came from my interview here , I was sitting in the court up here where I was being evicted , ” Mr. Smith said after a sweaty morning clearing trees under a hot sun to make room for new electric poles .
“ Luckily I ’m still in the same place .
There ’s a lot of people that were totally displaced . ”
Scott and Allison Kimble married after meeting on the assembly line at the Fisher & Company auto parts plant .
When the factory closed last year and relocated to Mexico , the Kimbles , along with many of their friends and neighbors , found themselves out of work .
Now Mr. Kimble has a stimulus job working for the Transportation Department , and Ms. Kimble has one in what has become a growth industry , taking telephone applications for unemployment benefits .
“ I know what they feel like , ” she said between calls .
“ I ’ve been in their position . ”
Michael B. Smith , 53 , who drove a forklift at the plant for 31 years , now drives a Caterpillar to clear land for a developer .
Robert Mackin , 55 , who lost his job , his health insurance and his home , now has a job with the Transportation Department , a rental home , health insurance and an added benefit : the state employee discount when his daughter goes to a state college .
“ With a degree , she can always go somewhere , ” Mr. Mackin said .
The impact has been enormous , all across the county .
Even the look of the place is changing , following the old W.P.A. model .
In addition to the jobs for adults , there are 150 summer jobs for young people , some of whom have been working with resident artists to paint murals depicting local history on the buildings along Main Street in Linden , the county seat .
South Korean troops march on Kwangju , May 1980 .
On the weekend of May 15 - 18 , 2009 , the city of Kwangju , South Korea , held the Kwangju International Peace Forum to celebrate the struggle for democracy in South Korea and to support similar struggles elsewhere in Asia .
Christopher Kerr of South Korea - based solidarity group Venceremos caught up with George Katsiaficas to discuss the legacy of the 1980 Kwangju uprising .
Katsiaficas is visiting professor of sociology at Chonnam National University and author / editor of numerous books on international social movements including South Korean Democracy -- Legacy of the Gwangju Uprising and Unknown Uprisings : South Korean Social Movements Since World War 2 ) .
* * *
Chris Kerr :
What happened in May 1980 in Kwangju and how was it significant to the democracy movement at that time ?
George Katsiaficas : Even though South Korea is a democracy today , in 1980 a new military dictatorship had seized power .
Students all over the country were protesting against it , trying to stimulate the government and citizens to move in a more democratic fashion .
The government then told people that if they did n’t stop protesting that they would crack down on them .
Only in Kwangju did they continue to mobilise in defence of democracy .
So in Kwangju people were viciously attacked by the military .
Thousands of paratroopers were pulled from the demilitarised zone [ the no man ’s land between South Korea and North Korea ] , and the soldiers were told that Kwangju had become a North Korean uprising against the government .
The paratroopers who came ruthlessly attacked people on the streets , including cab drivers and bus drivers , bayonetting people — even killing taxi drivers who tried to bring injured students to the hospital .
What ’s amazing though is that the entire city then rose up and defeated the military , drove them out of the city and held it for five days .
In those five days , there were daily rallies at the Provincial Hall , involving tens of thousands of people .
So there was a form of direct democracy in Kwangju and part of that process was the self - organisation of a citizens ’ army formed by the struggle to drive the military out of the city .
Medical teams formed that picked up the wounded , high school girls washed the corpses and laid them out in a judo studio for families to come and identify them .
Voluntarily , people began cooking meals publicly , other people produced a daily newspaper that emerged when different daily leaflets were merged together to form a daily newspaper .
The whole city pulled together in an amazing fashion .
At these rallies ( and sometimes there were two rallies in one day , as one would start at 11 am and another would start at 5 pm ) , plans for actions were devised for the whole city .
So at one point , 30,000 people marched to the cordons where the military was being held off to express their unity and desire to hold the city .
At other times , when people expressed the need for something to happen , a smaller group would form and then carry out the general assembly ’s directives .
For instance , people wanted to get the prisoners released .
Thousands of people were arrested , and there were three occasions in which people agreed at the general assembly to exchange some of the arms the people had captured from the police and the military for prisoners .
They also exchanged some of those arms for coffins , but when the ``surrender factions ’’ of the city tried to argue for surrendering all the arms and said let ’s simply have a peaceful solution to the problem , the majority of the people at the general assembly refused to do so , citing the experience of the Sabuk miners , who had given up their weapons and then had been viciously attacked by the military .
People said : “ No , we are not going to give up all of our weapons without all of our demands being met . ”
The strength of Kwangju was that it was mainly regular people because the activists were either arrested or had fled the city before it was blockaded and were thus unable to return .
What this meant was that inside the city , there was a greater space for a democratic movement and for people to step into a leadership position .
They did n't have anyone already established as a leader policing them and telling them : `` This is what we are going to do now . ’’
The people rose to the occasion .
The military , which had surrounded the city and had used helicopters to massacre people , also blocked other people who tried to come into the city to support the insurgency .
The military had the support of the United States government , which sent an aircraft carrier , the USS Coral Sea , to Busan and supported the South Korean military to retake Kwangju .
So , on the morning of May 27 , 1980 , which is coincidently the same date as the fall of the Paris Commune , the military attacked , hundreds of people resisted throughout the city , but the resistance was concentrated mostly at the Provincial Hall .
We will never know how many people were killed in the uprising but what we do know is that despite the hundreds of people killed there and the many more who were wounded or sentenced to long terms in prison , they never stopped struggling .
At their trials , they sang the national anthem and movement songs , they threw chairs at the judges , they refused to be quiet , even at the moment when the military was berating them , they refused to just sit down and take it , and they struggled for another 16 years and were finally were able to get the military dictator Chun DooHwan and his chief military subordinate Roe TaeWoo and about a dozen other military men sent to prison for their role in the massacre .
Now these guys were all pardoned by President Kim YoungSam , who had actually not wanted to prosecute them and had argued that the statute of limitations prevented proesecutions , but after more than a million signatures were collected , coordinated here in Kwangju , people got the parliament to enact a special law and Chun DooHwan and Roe TaeWoo were tried under the auspices of that special law .
So the Kwangju uprising continued in the form of people demanding an official apology and compensation for injured family members , for people who lost loved ones , for people who had been arrested , who had been beaten , who had been injured .
The net effect of this was to restore the honour and dignity of the people in Kwangju .
What happened here became a model for people in Jeju Island , who had been terribly attacked while under a US military occupation government in 1948 .
At least 30,000 of the island ’s 150,000 population were massacred and some estimates are much higher than that .
We will never know how many tens of thousands were actually killed in Jeju .
But the fact is , after Kwangju ’s special law was enacted , the population of Jeju was also able to lobby for a special law and they have been able to get compensation as well .
They were able to get a collective compensation rather than an individually based package .
More importantly , President Roh MooHyun twice apologised to the people of Jeju and designated it as a peace island .
How did the Kwangju uprising affect the democracy movement as a whole in South Korea and what role did it play to bring down the military dictatorship ?
Kwangju became the underground driving force of a democracy movement .
The guilt people felt for the hundreds , perhaps thousands of people who died there , was expressed in rage and anger , primarily directed at the United States government and the South Korean military .
It ’s my understanding that uprisings accomplish many things , even in defeat .
So , we can think that while Kwangju was tactically defeated on May 27 , 1980 , strategically it won a victory later .
The tactical defeat of Kwangju produced the next phase of struggle .
In the next phase , Molotov cocktails were used as a defensive tactic against riot police , which was a very small change , but an important one and the Minjung movement began to emerge .
Minjung basically means a movement of all the people -- except for the military dictators and the very rich .
As a concept , it profoundly affected all South Korea in the sense that there was Minjung theology , Minjung art , Minjung activists and Minjung feminism — so there were all kinds of applications of Minjung .
It became the subject of revolution in South Korea , and in 1987 the possibility of a Minjung - led revolution loomed , which is why the US supported democratisation in South Korea because it was afraid of very radical revolutionary movements conquering power on their own terms and needed to get into the forefront of these democratic movements in terms of liberalising the economy and the political systems .
So Kwangju ’s influence in building the June uprising of 1987 is central .
During the June 1987 uprising , one of the great slogans was ``Remember Kwangju ’’ and the shame and anger they felt for the massacres that had happened were motivating factors .
My interviews with activists consistently showed that it was central to their motivation and willingness to sacrifice and struggle .
Seven years after the Kwangju uprising , the June uprising exploded , a 19 - day uprising across the country in which a broad coalition of democratic forces decided to contest the constitution that Chun DooHwan refused to revise .
They demanded direct presidential elections and expanded civil liberties and at the end of 19 days , hundreds of thousands of people were going into the streets illegally and staying in the streets .
They defeated the police in the streets .
Chun DooHwan wanted to again call in the military and he in fact ordered the mobilisation of the military , but even top commanders were opposed to what they called the spectre of “ another Kwangju ” .
So the fact that Kwangju had resisted so fiercely frightened the military and in particular frightened the United States , which advised Chun DooHwan many times in no uncertain terms that he could not use the military as it may radicalise the trajectory of the uprising .
It should be remembered that the victory of the June uprising led directly to the workers ’ movement , which has been the main driving force in the radical development of social movements in South Korea since then .
So without Kwangju ’s resistance , South Koreans may still well be under the boot of the military dictatorship .
Did the US reaction to the Kwangju uprising change the perception that South Koreans had of the US government ?
After Kwangju , another important change was in the mass consciousness of South Koreans as the true nature of the role of the United States government had been unmasked .
Prior to that , in South Korea , generally speaking , the US had been very popular and had been seen to stand for democracy .
So , for example , when the people of Kwangju heard that the USS Coral Sea had entered Korean waters , many thought the US was coming to save them , when it had in fact come to give logistical support to the South Korean army .
The US had specifically demanded that any military action taken against the people of Kwangju be postponed until the Coral Sea had arrived .
Another illustration of this is that there was a very popular US television show at that time called SWAT .
In the Kwangju uprising , one of the great teams that formed took a 12 - person passenger van and welded metal plates onto the sides of the van ...
They then armed themselves with every conceivable weapon , from grenades , automatic weapons , to whatever else they could find .
Whenever they heard of outbursts of fighting , they drove over to help repel the military .
They painted ``SWAT ’’ on the sides of their van , which they took from the TV show .
You can see these young men who loved America , wore American clothes and watched American TV shows going out to fight for freedom in the “ American way ” .
Well then , the Americans were actually against them , against democracy in their country and were helping to fight against them .
Therefore after Kwangju , people realised that the United States did n't give a damn about the human rights of the people of South Korea but would rather put its own economic and political interests first .
Why did the United States pursue its own interests as opposed to democracy in South Korea at that time ?
The suppression of the Kwangju uprising by the South Korean and United States governments was also simultaneously the imposition of a new neoliberal accumulation regime .
This is significant because the same thing had happened in Chile with the overthrow of the government of Presiden Salvadore Allende by the military dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet some years earlier .
In the same year , 1980 , in Turkey a military coup imposed a neoliberal accumulation regime there .
So , as the US moved to its next phase at attempts at global hegemony and the imposition of neoliberalism around the world , the CIA ’s overt forms of military overthrow of governments had given way to a much more subtle manipulation of the world ’s economies by the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) , the World Bank and World Trade Organisation for the benefit of US corporations and consumers , which afterall , is what imperialism is all about .
That is , benefiting the few for the sacrifices of the many .
So , the point was to use the suppression of the Kwangju uprising to change South Korea from a national development state , that Park ChungHee had carefully regulated to build up South Korean chaebol ( national family - owned monopolies ) , to a situation where US banks and insurance companies were able to come to preeminent status in South Korea .
The working class was disciplined after the imposition of this neoliberal regime ’s initial phase by severe repression and forced labour camps , and later through the market mechanism of the IMF crisis of 1997 , which basically saw the opportunities for US banks to buy South Korean banks at bargain basement prices and then sell them a few years later for hundreds of billions of dollars more .
If you look at the transfer of wealth that occurred in this period , it is indeed enormous , and it was led by , would you believe , George Bush senior and his small group of people whose membership ranks are very concentrated in the Carlyle group .
It ’s very obvious to see what has happened , and if one looks at it , then one is able to see that this small group has been able to benefit from all the major uprisings in Asia .
So , when one looks at the Philippines , it ’s very obvious Marcos had taken billions of dollars of wealth for his cronies , friends and family .
That ’s why the IMF ideologically critiques crony capitalism , because it ’s not the Carlyle group , it is locals who are benefiting from it .
Chun DooHwan and Roe TaeWoo each took hundreds of millions of dollars from the South Korean treasury and businesses .
Roe TaeWoo actually had returned most of the 600 million dollars he had taken illegally as part of his plea bargain ...
In your book on the Gwangju uprising , you wrote on the parallels between the Kwangju uprising and the Paris Commune .
Would you be able to elaborate ?
In the book I did mention the coincidental fact that they both fell on the same date , May 27 .
There are other , more important similarities .
In the liberated cities , crime and other social problems nearly vanished and the spirit of unity within the cities was so great that foreigners were very welcome .
An American Baptist missionary named Arnold Peterson was in Kwangju at that time and talked about how he wanted to get out of the city , but when he drove around , he put US flags on the car and everywhere he went people applauded him .
In both cities the banks were n’t robbed .
Despite holding military power they made the decision not to rob the banks .
In my opinion , this was actually an error , I think the citizens ’ army in Kwangju and the National Guard of Paris should have robbed or taken control of the banks -- which the working people had created over generations -- instead of leaving that power in the hands of the bankers .
One important difference also emerges between the Paris Commune and the Kwangju uprising .
In Paris , the Prussians had defeated the French army in battle and the French government had surrendered to the Prussians .
However , the people of Paris refused to submit .
The way in which they refused to submit was through the drum roll of the National Guard units , that is uniformed soldiers who declared that Paris not to be a party to the surrender to the Prussians .
They then held different elections in the city which was a form of representative democracy .
In Kwangju , there was no pre-existing military structure in the city .
They had to defeat tens of thousands of crack troopers armed with the most modernised weapons .
They were using helicopters and flamethrowers against unarmed citizens , but people defeated the military by taking control of arms depots in police stations , taking them off the military and even by shooting down one , possibly two , helicopters , which forced the military to withdraw from the city .
So a citizens ’ army was able to defeat the military and create a form of direct democracy .
Kwangju shows us that the phenomenal form of masses of the people , the Minjung , are far more developed at the end of the 20th century than they were at the end of the 19th , that people are capable of self - organisation at a much higher level these days .
We also saw that people are capable of defeating militaries through people ’s war .
Kwangju showed that people ’s war can , at least temporarily , defeat militaries without central leadership .
Could Kwangju spread to the entire nation as people there had hoped ?
It did seven years later through the June uprising , when the people ’s movement overthrew the military dictatorship .
Was the legacy of Kwangju felt in the candlelight - vigil mass movement of 2008 in South Korea ?
Well , it ’s difficult to link events directly which are so far apart .
The candlelight vigils occurred 28 years after the Kwangju uprising and had taken a very different form to what the Kwangju movement had taken .
And yet , the idea that ordinary people can change the policies of the government is one that the example of Kwangju has inculcated into the younger generations of South Korea .
The candlelight vigils were not started by a leftist group , they were started by teenage girls using a music fan site on the web for the initial mobilisations against the government decisions to relax restrictions on the importation of American beef .
The protests quickly caught on and spread across the whole country .
So while one ca n’t make a direct connection , it could certainly be argued that the example of Kwangju and the idea that ordinary people can change government policy helped in the emergence of this movement .
And in fact , from interviews I was able to ascertain that at least one of the teachers who supported these young girls was a native of Kwangju .
What has been the relationship of the Lee MyungBak government to South Korean civil society in general to date ?
It ’s been an adversarial relationship for the most part .
Lee MyungBak models himself on Park ChungHee and is still friends with Park ChooHwan , two past military dictators .
So he has in essence been trying to roll back all of the reforms that civil society has been able to win in the 1980s and 1990s .
He has clamped down on the media and brought it as much as he can under his own control .
For instance he has arrested producers of the show that aired the first expose of American beef .
He has changed the president of Arirang station , which is a channel with many listeners , one which is often a channel broadcasted in the English language .
YTN , the all - news cable television station , has had a new president imposed on it , which its union has fought .
KBS , the second - largest station in South Korea , has also had imposed upon it a new president , even though the former president refused to resign because under the rules of the station he could not be fired except for gross mismanagement .
He refused to go quietly .
The Lee MyungBak government sent the police in to arrest the guy , escort him out of the building and then detained him in prison for questioning , trying to find some evidence of criminal misconduct on his part , but could find none .
Nonetheless , although the case is still in court , Lee MyungBak has been able to impose a new president during the interim .
He has also clamped down on freedom of speech on the internet .
Even though the government itself has organised boycotts of newspapers in the past which had printed articles which it did not like , the Lee MyungBak government has confiscated travel documents and brought charges against the main organisers of the internet boycott against the three main newspapers in South Korea , which print atrociously wrong articles with an overtly ideological conservative agenda .
The Chosun Iblo and JungAhn Ilbo are the principal two .
So even organising an online boycott of advertising of these newspapers got people into trouble with the authorities .
The School Teachers Union has come under fire .
Lee MyungBak has publicised the names of members of the union in a way that is meant to intimidate people from joining the union .
He has brought charges , both civil and criminal , against people who organised the peaceful candlelight vigils last year .
He has recently outlawed protests of any kind , demonstrations are simply not allowed in South Korea .
They have to fall within certain boundaries of festivals , religious events etc .
So it ’s a sad roll back of democratic liberties in South Korea under the current regime , one that , hopefully , the example of Kwangju can inspire people to resist .
Games Description :
Think you can handle multiple minigames at once ?
Test your multitasking skills !
Games Instructions :
Keyboard only ( specifics are in the game ) m - music on / off q - toggle quality
Launch Date : Aug 08 , 2009
Plays : 40860
Author :
Multitask Tags :
Since Democrats swept into congressional power in the 2006 midterm elections , many industries — including some that traditionally back Republicans — have either begun to contribute to both parties equally or favor Democrats outright .
The chief executive officer of JPMorgan Chase , however , never had to make any shift .
Jamie Dimon happens to be a long - time Democratic donor .
Dimon and his wife , Judy , have donated more than a half - million dollars to Democratic candidates and committees since 1989 , according to a Center for Responsive Politics analysis of his donations .
That is nearly 12 times what the couple has given the GOP .
Dimon seems to exert considerable influence within Democratic circles at a time when JPMorgan and other banks still owe the federal government billions of dollars after last year ’s bailouts .
White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel was scheduled to attend JPMorgan board meeting this week .
He declined to attend after the New York Times profiled Dimon and mentioned the invitation prominently .
According to the article , Dimon enjoys deep connections with Emanuel and President Barack Obama .
Dimon was an executive at Bank One — which later became part of JPMorgan — at the same time that Emanuel was representing a nearby district in Congress , and the president was serving Illinois in the U.S. Senate .
Dimon has donated $ 6,000 to Emanuel over time , including $ 4,000 for his first House race in 2002 .
He gave Obama $ 2,000 during his 2004 Senate campaign , but did not contribute to his presidential run .
Instead , Dimon provided significant contributions to the other side of the epic 2008 Democratic primary battle .
He gave then - Sen .
Hillary Clinton $ 2,300 in 2007 , the maximum contribution allowed under Federal Election Commission rules .
Dimon and his wife each contributed $ 2,100 to Clinton ’s 2006 Senate re-election campaign and $ 2,000 during her 2000 Senate bid .
The Dimons each gave Bill Clinton $ 1,000 during the 1996 cycle .
The Dimons do not only support the Clintons .
The couple has lavished a combined $ 580,600 on Democrats since the 1990 cycle .
They have provided each recent Democratic presidential candidate and major party figure with some cash .
Vice President Joseph Biden ( $ 2,000 ) , Sen. Chris Dodd ( $ 5,300 ) , Sen. Tom Carper ( $ 8,000 ) , Sen. Charles Schumer ( $ 12,000 ) and Rep. Charles Rangel ( $ 4,500 ) have all received Dimon dollars .
Former Vice President Al Gore received $ 4,000 from the Dimons in 1999 .
Sen. John Kerry ( D - Mass . ) has hauled in $ 7,000 from them over his career .
Former House Majority Leader Richard Gephardt ( D - Mo. ) , who now operates his own lobby shop , received $ 7,000 from the Dimons between 1989 and 2005 .
The couple contributed $ 3,000 to ex-Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle ‘s campaigns , as well .
Daschle is now a senior advisor at Alston & Bird .
The Dimons have also been somewhat generous to politicians on the other side of the aisle , contributing $ 48,800 to Republicans .
Aside from giving former President George W. Bush a combined $ 4,000 during his two presidential campaigns , they have given each of the following Republicans $ 2,000 : House Minority Whip Eric Cantor , Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , Sen. Mel Martinez , Sen. Richard Shelby and Sen. John Cornyn , among others .
Despite the campaign contributions to the GOP , Dimon is the exception rather than the rule among his colleagues .
Most major banks decidedly favor Republicans with their political spending .
Since 1989 , commercial banks ‘ political action committees and employees have donated $ 216 million to federal candidates , and 59 percent of that sum has gone to Republicans .
Last election cycle , JPMorgan — No. 28 on the top 100 list of all - time political spenders — led the banking industry ’s giving , pouring $ 2.9 million into Democratic coffers and $ 1.8 million into GOP war chests .
The 2000 cycle was the last time JPMorgan has favored Republicans .
Meanwhile , Bank of America , another CRP “ Heavy Hitter , ” usually gives more money to Republicans .
Over the past two decades , 53 percent of the corporation ’s cash has gone to the GOP .
Banks ’ contributions may be under special scrutiny right now because of the increasing level of government involvement in the financial sector amid the nation ’s economic crisis .
JPMorgan ’s record on economic issues so far is mixed : the bank lost when Congress approved legislation easing terms on credit - card owners , but succeeded when the Senate voted down a bill allowing bankruptcy judges to modify foreclosures .
Dimon opposes the White House ’s proposals to regulate the derivatives market .
To expand JPMorgan ‘s influence on public policy , Dimon has invested in K Street .
The company has already spent $ 1.3 million on lobbying this year , after shelling out $ 5.4 million in 2008 .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : Feel free to distribute or cite this material , but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : [ email protected ] rp.org
·
·
·
·
·
·
Support Accountability Journalism
At OpenSecrets.org we offer in - depth , money - in - politics stories in the public interest .
Whether you ’re reading about 2020 presidential fundraising , conflicts of interest or “ dark money ” influence , we produce this content with a small , but dedicated team .
Every donation we receive from users like you goes directly into promoting high - quality data analysis and investigative journalism that you can trust .
Please support our work and keep this resource free .
Thank you .
Support OpenSecrets ➜
Read more OpenSecrets News & Analysis :
Last updated at 16:18 20 August 2007
A dwarf performing at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival was rushed to hospital after he glued his penis to a vacuum cleaner .
Daniel Blackner - who performs in the Circus of Horrors as Captain Dan the Demon Dwarf - said the incident happened as he prepared for a show .
As part of the spectacle , the dwarf pulls a Henry vacuum cleaner across the show attached to his penis .
Scroll down for more ...
But a special attachment connecting the 42 - year - old to the appliance came loose .
He decided to fix the broken apparatus with extra strong glue , but he left it to dry for only 20 seconds , instead of 20 minutes .
This meant when he connected himself to the vacuum cleaner , the glue was not yet dry , and his penis was immediately stuck fast .
Scroll down for more ...
He was taken to the accident and emergency department of Edinburgh Royal Infirmary , where , he said , nurses struggled for an hour to free him .
Mr Blackner said : " It was the most embarrassing moment of my life when I got wheeled into a packed A&E with a vacuum attached to me .
" I just wished the ground could swallow me up .
Luckily , they saw me quickly so the embarrassment was short lived . "
Scroll down for more ...
A hospital source confirmed that they treated the performer .
But a spokesman for the Royal Infirmary said he could not comment on individual cases .
June 7 , 2009 ( Venezuelanalysis.com ) -
A solidarity convoy of sixty people bound for Honduras was detained in Maicao , Colombia , by military forces , Venezuelan public television channel VTV reported on Monday .
The convoy , which included nineteen Honduran doctors , was initiated by grassroots organisations , workers representatives and students in Venezuela and aimed to show solidarity with the Honduran people in the aftermath of the military coup that ousted the democratically elected president of that country , Manuel Zelaya , on June 28 .
Miguel Mora , a member of the United Socialist Party of Venezuela ( PSUV ) , and a participant in the convoy , denounced via telephone , that immediately after Colombian customs had allowed the convoy to cross the border , they were detained by the Administrative Security Department ( DAS ) of Colombia , who alleged they had committed crimes , such as carrying political material .
" First they allowed us to pass , but when we had crossed the border towards the interior of Colombia and we were going in buses with logos of President Hugo Chavez that said ‘ Solidarity with the Honduran people ' , the DAS immediately detained us alleging that we were committing a crime that in their country is not allowed , of carrying political material , of carrying images of President Chavez and material in solidarity with the Honduran people , " Mora explained .
The convoy , which departed on Saturday from Simon Bolivar House , Caracas , had planned to pass through Colombia , Panamá , Costa Rica , Nicaragua , and arrive a few days later in Honduras via land .
Mora said the forty Venezuelans , nineteen Honduran doctors and one Cuban participating in the convoy remained detained ; their passports had been taken from them and the place where they were located , cordoned off .
Mora indicated that he had managed to slip away with a telephone and , through this , communicate with VTV .
" They detained us simply for carrying pictures of Chavez and a solidarity banner with the Honduran people , " he said .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
It was March 2002 , and Del and Barbara Spier were flat broke .
The Texas couple , grandparents of five and owners of a small , Houston - based private investigations firm , were more than $ 260,000 in debt .
They carried balances as high as $ 18,600 on more than a dozen credit cards and were saddled with $ 80,000 in outstanding bank loans and a $ 95,000 mortgage .
In their bankruptcy filing , the Spiers ’ company , which they founded in 1987 and named the Agency for Investigation and Protective Services , was deemed of “ no marketable value . ”
Although their circumstances looked dire , the Spiers were about to become millionaires .
By May , Barbara Spier had filed the paperwork to form a new corporation called US Protection and Investigations .
Soon , thanks to the contracting sweepstakes that was the war in Afghanistan , she was signing an $ 8.4 million deal with the Louis Berger Group .
The multinational construction and engineering company had landed a $ 214 million contract to rebuild Afghanistan ’s infrastructure — roads , water and sanitation , power and dams — from the United States Agency for International Development ( USAID ) .
USPI ’s job was to provide security for contractors repairing a 300 - mile road stretching from Kabul to Kandahar .
Much of the work was to be done in remote and dangerous territory , prone to sporadic Taliban assaults and blighted with unexploded Soviet - era ordnance and land mines .
“ Sections of the Road are subject to hijackings , robberies , and killings , ” Berger acknowledged in its contract with USPI .
“ Organized terrorist groups are operating within the Road corridor environs , and expatriates have been intentionally targeted in recent incidents . ”
Safeguarding the hundreds of contractors working on the road , the construction conglomerate warned , would be “ challenging . ”
Given the stakes of the project — key to the effort to stabilize Afghanistan — USPI was a strange choice .
Berger could have turned to a well - established security outfit with deep experience in conflict zones .
Instead , it handed a noncompete contract to a firm with no reputation to speak of and a freshly bankrupted management team .
For the Spiers , the Berger windfall engineered a life - changing turnaround .
And they might have lived happily ever after , too , except for one thing :
They were defrauding the government , according to the Justice Department , filing phony receipts and billing for ghost employees to bilk millions of dollars from programs aimed at rebuilding the country ’s war - ravaged infrastructure .
( The case will go to trial in September . )
Their alleged exploits , many of which have not previously been reported , offer one of the most vivid pictures yet to emerge from Afghanistan ’s Wild West contracting bonanza .
Tales of epic fraud — of double billing and bid rigging , of kickbacks and theft — have dogged the reconstruction efforts in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Not only are taxpayers unwittingly enriching fly - by - night contractors , corrupt officials , and local power brokers , but unscrupulous operators are undermining the prospects for progress that US troops have given their lives to make possible .
And it ’s proven very tough to stop them .
In Iraq , despite great efforts to improve accountability , investigations and audits have barely scratched the surface , Stuart Bowen , the special inspector general for Iraq reconstruction , has acknowledged .
Afghanistan has received even less scrutiny .
In conflict zones , it ’s always difficult to weed out fraudulent invoices from legitimate expenses , to discern patronage contracts from necessary ones .
Afghanistan ’s cash - based economy , primitive infrastructure , corrupt government , and deteriorating security situation make it exponentially harder .
With oversight woefully thin and auditors scarce , the bombed - out country has been a Disneyland for profiteers .
“ It ’s just a shame , ” says a former Louis Berger official .
“ That money should have gone towards the development of Afghanistan rather than into people ’s pockets . ”
Payoffs and Warlords : “ Loyalty Is Rented ”
The story of USPI ’s rapid transformation from a mom-and - pop startup to a security behemoth begins in 2002 , before the company was awarded a single contract .
That year , Berger hired Del Spier as its security director in Afghanistan .
“ The program manager for Berger at the time , Jim Myers , he liked the way Del operated and he brought Del in , ” says a former Marine who worked for USPI .
Another ex-employee explains how USPI entered the picture : “ When they needed a full - time security presence , Del was the natural choice .
He was already working for Berger .
He was the guy there .
So Berger said to him , ‘ We ’re not going to put this out to bid .
We ’re going to give you an in - house contract . ' ”
A quiet man with a rugged demeanor , a thick Texas drawl , and the cowboy boots to match , Del , who ’s 73 , told his employees stories of working as an intelligence operator during the Vietnam War for Air America , the CIA - run airline .
In the early ’90s , when he was heading a company called Del Spier & Associates , he ’d worked in Algeria for Bechtel , helping to protect its employees from attacks by Islamic militants .
Photo courtesy of Picasa user Barbara Spiers : Houston mover and shaker .
Photo courtesy of Picasa user NAWBO
Barbara , who ’s 59 , had always handled the administrative end of things .
She was a mover and shaker in Houston , active in local professional organizations .
She once served as the president of the Federation of Houston Professional Women ; the National Association of Women Business Owners even named her Houston ’s Woman Business Owner of the Year .
In Afghanistan , she took a keen interest in the plight of Afghan women .
USPI ’s contract required the company to protect stretches of terrain so vast that it would have been too costly to hire enough US or expat contractors for the job .
But Del had a solution .
He brokered a deal with Afghanistan ’s fledgling Ministry of Interior , which agreed to loan USPI hundreds of its troops — a coterie of ragtag militiamen under the command of a notorious warlord named General Din Mohammad Jurat .
Accused of a range of criminal activity ( including the murder of a man whose wife he wanted for his own ) , Jurat had been described to Human Rights Watch in 2003 as a “ maniac ” and “ dangerous . ”
In 2007 , Afghanistan ’s then attorney general , Abdul Jabar Sabet , alleged that Jurat and his bodyguards attacked him in a botched kidnapping attempt .
“ His allegiance was to one entity and to one entity alone , ” says an ex-USPI employee who dealt with Jurat .
“ That was the US dollar . ”
In an arrangement that would have far - reaching consequences , USPI essentially partnered with the former Northern Alliance commander , paying his soldiers a $ 5 per diem for performing guard duties .
According to multiple sources familiar with USPI ’s operations , the firm went on to cut similar deals with power brokers throughout the country — basically buying the allegiance of tribal leaders and provincial officials as the road construction work passed through terrain under their control .
“ If you wanted security , you had to pay off the warlord or whoever controlled that region , ” says the former Berger official .
In some cases , he says , militia commanders were paid simply to ensure “ they ’re not going to attack you . ”
He adds , “ There was a saying in Kabul : ‘ Loyalty is rented . ' ”
And it went to the highest bidder .
The company ’s Afghan recruits were ill trained and unpredictable , according to a former USPI security coordinator .
“ If it came down to a firefight , they would have bailed on us , ” he says .
“ A lot of them were kids really .
I remember trying to teach them how to shoot and they had no idea how to handle an AK . ”
Others , he said , “ were ex-Taliban , or even current Taliban , but the fact that they were n’t attacking us along the way — whatever worked for us worked . ”
Employing Afghan guards may have solved the manpower issue .
But it may have also worked against one of the international community ’s crucial goals : demilitarizing armed factions .
In 2005 , the International Crisis Group reported that USPI ’s hiring practices had in fact served to strengthen militia commanders “ politically , militarily , and economically . ”
Many of USPI ’s guards , this NGO said , had “ used their authority to engage in criminal activity , including drug trafficking . ”
A former USPI supervisor told me of guards who as a side project set up roadblocks on the stretches of road they were supposed to be protecting , extorting money from passersby .
The former Berger official says the situation was a catch - 22 .
“ If you do n’t pay them off , they kill your security staff and your contractors , ” he says .
“ If you do pay them off , it exacerbates the problem for the future . ”
Yet as risky as this relationship may have seemed , the deployment of Afghan guards , overseen by US and international security coordinators employed by USPI , became the firm ’s business model — and a lucrative one .
Building on its foundation with Berger , USPI drummed up contracts with the World Bank , the Japan International Cooperation Agency ( that country ’s version of USAID ) , the United Nations , and a range of private businesses , including local banks and hotels .
In September 2004 , it won another USAID subcontract , via Berger , this one worth more than $ 20 million .
Eventually , USPI provided security for Berger ’s entire Afghanistan operation .
By 2006 , USPI claimed to employ more than 3,000 Afghan guards , along with 160 US and expat employees , and had a significant presence throughout the country , especially in Kabul , where guard shacks bearing its logo were a common sight .
“ It basically grew into a monster , ” the former Berger official says .
On its website , the company described itself as “ the foremost private security company working in support of Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan . ”
Its stated goal ?
To “ help bring about change and improvement for the people of Afghanistan . ”
Without question , USPI ’s role in Afghanistan had brought about change and improvement for the Spiers .
In Kabul , they took up residence in a luxurious compound that some of their employees jokingly called the “ marble palace . ”
In their bedroom , an ex-employee adds , was a safe that sometimes contained upward of $ 1 million cash , used to bankroll USPI ’s operation .
The former USPI security coordinator told me , “ I remember at one point seeing boxes of cash that they were bringing in .
I thought , ‘ Wow , that ’s really fucking weird . ' ”
Accounts Deceivable : “ They Were Double and Triple Billing ”
On August 28 , 2007 , Afghan police , FBI and USAID agents , and Blackwater contractors descended on USPI ’s Kabul offices , weapons drawn .
“ Have you ever seen a dynamic entry , where people are clearing rooms out with guns locked and loaded and shoving a gun in your face ?
That ’s the way Blackwater did their entry into the house , ” says a former USPI supervisor .
Agents seized computers and contraband weapons and carted off bags full of company records .
Meanwhile , federal authorities were executing a search warrant at USPI ’s Texas headquarters .
Since 2005 , federal investigators had quietly been amassing evidence that USPI had defrauded the US government in connection with its USAID subcontracts .
Now they were making their move .
Photo of USPI by flickr user Zhuaizhuai
Suspicions about USPI ’s business practices had been circulating through USAID ’s Afghanistan operation since the fall of 2004 , according to Patrick Fine , who took over as the agency ’s mission director that July .
“ There was n’t anything obvious that made it look like there was obvious corruption there , ” he says .
“ My recollection is feeling from just a business point of view , feeling uncomfortable about our ability to verify the bills that we were getting .
So you get a bill and it says they ’re employing 250 guys in a certain sector , at $ 5 a day .
My recollection is of saying , ‘ How do we verify that this number of people actually worked for this number of days ? ’
It was that kind of question being raised by USAID , by the project managers . ”
He continues , “ That led us to ask questions like , ‘ Is there some system that you can audit to see that they ’re actually delivering what they say they ’re delivering ? ’
As soon as USAID had some suspicion that there might be something awry in the business practices , we brought in the inspector general .
There was n’t any delay or dithering there . ”
The resulting investigation confirmed Fine ’s concerns , and then some .
The search warrant application seeking permission to carry out the Texas raid noted that USPI ’s initial Berger contract , awarded in June 2003 for $ 8.4 million , had ballooned to $ 36 million by August 2005 — and it outlined a host of allegations pointing to the potential cause of some of those overruns .
Investigators said they ’d “ obtained evidence showing that USPI deliberately and systematically created phony receipts and invoices to justify the billing of millions of dollars in expenditures for which USPI did not have supporting documentation . ”
An audit by accounting firm A.F. Ferguson & Company of USPI ’s billing records between June 2003 and March 2005 had turned up $ 17 million in costs that lacked “ adequate documentation , ” and another $ 160,830 in charges that were deemed ineligible .
“ Officials for USPI initially claimed not to have most of the supporting documentation for the $ 17 million in questioned costs , ” according to the warrant application .
“ However , they later provided receipts and invoices to support the billings . ”
These records , investigators determined , were fakes : “ Government investigators learned from a witness that he , with the assistance of other USPI employees in Kabul , Afghanistan , and with the knowledge of Del Spier … witnessed and / or participated in the fabrication of receipts and invoices to support the $ 17 million in questioned costs . ”
To make the invoices appear authentic , the USPI employee said , he and other employees were directed to deposit them in a warehouse where the company stored fuel .
There was more : Another USPI employee “ stated that only about 50 percent of the guards for which USPI billed LBGI actually existed ” and that Del Spier regularly overbilled for personnel .
Not only were personnel records fabricated , this source said , but Del ’s executive assistant , an Afghan named Behzad Mehr , routinely created fake invoices from nonexistent companies for fuel and vehicles .
According to one USPI informant , Bill Dupre , the company ’s operations manager in Afghanistan , instructed new employees to inflate costs in order to cover expenses like office supplies , ammo , and other items : “ You were to put an extra 10 or 15 guards on the payroll that did not exist . ”
The government alleged that “ Del Spier knows about all these activities . ”
It also claims that Barbara had been involved in the fraud as well , and had even been caught trying to deceive a federal auditor about invoicing Berger for an employee who was no longer working for the company .
After the raids in Kabul and Texas , the investigation churned on for more than a year .
Then , in early October 2008 , the feds swooped in , arresting Del and Barbara Spier in Texas and Bill Dupre in California .
Also named in the indictment was Behzad Mehr , though a release issued by USAID noted that Del ’s right - hand man “ remains a fugitive . ”
( Several sources told me that Mehr was in fact imprisoned in a Kabul jail at the time , and he remains there today . )
The four were hit with multiple fraud counts , charges that together carry prison sentences of up to 35 years and fines of as much as $ 1.5 million .
The indictment cites additional evidence of fraud , including a May 29 , 2005 , email exchange in which Mehr had requested Del Spier ’s permission to insert addresses and phone numbers on fabricated invoices .
Not only did Del direct him to do so , the indictment states , but he also told Mehr “ to obtain office space in the event that LBGI requested to see the companies ’ offices . ”
According to court records , templates used to create phony invoices were discovered on computers belonging to Mehr and Barbara Spier .
Image files containing the scanned signatures of MOI officials , presumably used to make invoices look genuine , were also recovered .
“ They were double and triple billing for soldiers and screwing the contract on rental cars , ” a former USPI employee told me .
“ If they were renting a car for $ 750 , they ’d bill USAID $ 1,500 .
If they had 1,000 soldiers working , they ’d get 3,000 thumbprints on the pay sheets and submit it . ”
He adds , “ These were the kinds of things they did . ”
Kabul ’s Wild West : “ We Were Our Own Little Warlords ”
There were plenty of warning signs , says Steve Appleton .
A retired colonel in the Canadian army , Appleton took over in June 2005 as the manager of road construction projects in Afghanistan for the United Nations Office of Project Services .
UNOPS had received a $ 35 million USAID grant to build a network of secondary roads throughout the country .
This work might have gone to Louis Berger , had its own projects not been vastly over budget .
( The price tag of its $ 214 million contract ultimately climbed to more than $ 700 million . )
“ There was no more appetite ” to make Berger the prime contractor , Appleton told me recently from Kabul , but USAID still made sure Berger got a piece of the action .
The agency stipulated that UNOPS had to subcontract out the engineering aspects of the job to Berger .
And with Berger came USPI .
Early in his tenure , Appleton began to hear grumbling about USPI from a variety of sources : Berger employees , members of the UN ’s security branch , USAID officials , and other security contractors .
Not only were there complaints about the accuracy of the firm ’s accounting practices , but there were serious criticisms of USPI ’s performance of its core mission : protecting the vital work of rebuilding Afghanistan .
According to Appleton , “ USPI was absolutely detested by Afghan civilians ” and had developed a reputation for being “ very aggressive and very cowboyish . ”
Among other things , he says , “ They would fire before they would see where the firing was coming from .
They would put down spec fire .
That was just unacceptable . ”
( Patrick Fine , who no longer works for USAID , had a different take : “ They seemed to be doing their job , ” he says .
“ I never had a performance issue with them . ” )
The former USPI security coordinator says there was little management or oversight of the company ’s employees in the field .
He found the company totally disorganized , its management secretive .
“ They kept so much stuff in the dark , ” he recalls .
“ I never signed a contract with that company , ” he adds .
“ I was thrown into it .
Here ’s a bulletproof vest , here ’s a couple of grenades , here ’s an AK . ”
Like a mafia payout , his $ 600 - a- day salary came in an envelope jammed with cash .
“ There was a lot of cash going around , ” he says .
He and other ex-USPI employees tell of being dangerously underequipped , issued faulty weapons and Land Cruisers that would frequently break down on perilous stretches of road .
“ I was really thrown out there … without any proper gear .
They did n’t care , Del and Barbara . ”
It was n’t until he went out to take target practice one day that he realized his USPI - issued AK - 47 was broken .
“ It would only do single shot .
I had to cock it every time I fired it .
I thought , ‘ Holy fuck , thank god I did n’t get in a firefight , because it would have been over really quick . ' ”
The equipment situation got so bad that at one point he was forced to take matters into his own hands , leading a raid on a one - time Taliban weapons depot in order to secure RPGs for his men .
( “ I found a Conex box filled with Russian RPGs still in the plastic . ” )
Berger contractors and subcontractors would complain bitterly about USPI .
“ I personally did not find them very professional , ” says Danie Steyn , an engineer who worked on Berger ’s road projects .
“ As a matter of fact , some individuals were acting like prima donnas , and considered themselves untouchable . ”
At one point , he says , a complement of USPI ’s Afghan guards left him “ stranded next to the road ” without protection “ while they set off to pray . ”
Such incidents were n’t unusual , says the security coordinator .
“ Louis Berger was always complaining to us , ” he says .
“ Our guards would just take off , leave them in the middle of nowhere .
I ’d get sat phone calls saying , ‘ Where the fuck are the guards !
We ’re out here in the middle of nowhere by ourselves ! ' ”
According to the former security coordinator , whose account is supported by a variety of wire reports , USPI ’s guards were taking heavy casualties .
“ USPI lost a lot of guys , ” he says .
“ We were out in the desert getting pretty much executed . ”
“ The operations were so hands - off , ” he adds .
“ They stuck people in bad places , and you had to do what you had to do to make sure you did n’t get killed . ”
He continues , “ We were our own little warlords over there .
We did our own thing .
I could have shot a guy in the head on the side of the road and nobody would have said a thing . ”
Guarding USPI ’s Interests : “ You Just Did n’t Mess With Their Contract ”
In September 2005 , one of USPI ’s American employees did shoot an Afghan in the head — a 37 - year - old named Noor Ahmed who worked for the firm as a translator .
Although the incident landed the company briefly in the news , the identity of the shooter has never been previously reported .
Two former USPI employees told me it was an ex-Marine named Todd Rhodes .
( Rhodes was killed in Iraq in August 2006 while working for the private security firm Cochise . )
The former USPI supervisor insisted the shooting was justified , that Ahmed “ drew down into a firing position on him and Todd shot him in self - defense . ”
Yet questions remain about the shooting and whether it was fully investigated .
While the ex-USPI supervisor says Afghanistan ’s Ministry of Interior “ did a quick investigation ” and cleared Rhodes of wrongdoing , the company spirited him out of the country before a formal probe could be launched .
The provincial police chief has said he sent a team to USPI ’s compound to investigate but was barred from entering by the company ’s guards .
The incident only fueled Appleton ’s concerns .
He decided to see about severing USPI ’s relationship with UNOPS — its contract was due to expire later that summer anyway .
USPI could rebid for the work , but Appleton was determined to find the company best equipped to keep contractors safe .
In the end , he says , “ USAID balked , ” convincing him that UNOPS should extend the contract for another three months while the security situation was reviewed .
( USAID did not respond to a detailed request for comment . )
“ All the while we were getting smoked out there in terms of casualties and fatalities on the roads project , ” Appleton says .
“ I do n’t think anyone ’s ever come clean with what the numbers were .
We had more casualties than US soldiers in Afghanistan in 2005 and 2006 .
We were getting creamed .
We had international security coordinators with USPI getting beheaded .
We had Turkish contractors getting wiped out .
We had Afghan security guys in the employ of USPI getting smoked .
It got so bad that I led a group with LBG to contact the US Embassy to say , ‘ You ’ve got to better arm us because we ’re getting creamed out there . ' ”
He adds , “ USPI had adopted a real cowboy approach with regards to , ‘ Bring ’em on .
We ’ll create the peace by simply killing enough of them . ' ”
Appleton tried again to cancel the contract .
Eventually several security companies , including Aegis , a well - regarded British firm , were approached about taking over the task .
But before very long , Berger resisted .
In June 2006 Fred Chace , then Berger ’s deputy operations manager in Afghanistan , sent Appleton a memo recommending against removing USPI from the project .
( Mother Jones obtained a copy , and Appleton confirmed its authenticity . )
The memo ( “ Subject : USPI Termination ” ) lays out myriad criticisms of the company ’s work .
“ Over the course of the project , USPI has continued to be non-responsive to the needs of the Employer , ” Chace wrote .
“ The primary complaint with USPI is the failure of their Kabul management to support their field security advisors and to comply with the requirements of UNOPS in regard to reporting and other administrative functions … UNOPS has also expressed its concerns over the ability of USPI to assure that their security force has a sufficient supply of ammunition to fight off any attack on the projects . ”
Chace also noted that “ one of the criticisms of USPI has been their ragtag MOI soldiers , ” but raised concerns about cutting off the warlords that USPI was dealing with .
“ Considering the probable flow of the money , it would be a security risk to the project … if they did anything that disrupted that flow of money , ” he explained , adding that for this reason Aegis had also proposed using MOI guards , as well as members of the Afghan National Police .
Chace , who declined an interview request , acknowledged in the memo that Aegis “ is an experienced and qualified firm .
There is no doubt about that . ”
But , he concluded , “ It does not appear that there is any economic benefit to changing security providers ; in fact it could cost the program up to $ 900 K more …
We are not convinced that this transition could be made without any initial impacts that could jeopardize the security of the staff and result in further damages by the possible suspension of the work due to a decrease in security until Aegis is up to force . ”
Appleton had hit a brick wall .
He was puzzled .
“ It was just a mom- and - pop organization out of Texas , ” he says .
“ These guys were amateurs .
It just did n’t make any sense . ”
But Appleton believes he finally discovered why Berger officials were so reluctant to tamper with USPI ’s contract — and why Del Spier and his company may have landed the work in the first place .
Once , Appleton asked Berger officials why USPI was hired .
“ The answer I got back was that Jim Myers and Del go way back , ” he says .
Myers was the engineer in charge of Berger ’s Afghanistan operation , and the official who worked most closely with USPI .
“ Jim Myers was a 100 percent supporter of USPI and Del , ” explains the former Berger official .
“ He would n’t accept criticisms of them .
Certainly , he would never have entertained — ever , ever — removing USPI .
Ever , despite anything .
You just did n’t mess with their contract . ”
He continues , “ It was just understood that there must have been a relationship between USPI and somebody in Berger , or Jim .
That was just the way it was .
That was the only logical reason why that would be in place …
It was a relationship issue . ”
Other sources told me that Myers and Del Spier had a long - standing friendship .
“ It was all very incestuous , ” says an ex-USPI employee .
Confirms the former supervisor , “ They have a very close relationship . ”
( When I reached Myers , who retired in 2007 , at his home in Northport , Washington , he repeatedly denied having any history with USPI ’s founders .
Moreover , he insisted that his relationship with Del was “ no more friendly than with any other subcontractor .
I worked with all of them . ” )
“ How far back it went into the halls of LBG , I do n’t know , ” says Appleton .
“ But the running joke in Kabul when Del and Barbara Spier got arrested was that all the executive officers ’ doors at LBG were slamming shut . ”
It appears that Del and Barbara are chummy with other Berger honchos , too .
Just last February , Fred Berger , the chairman of the Louis Berger Group , attended a fundraiser in Houston for the American University of Afghanistan , of which he ’s a founding trustee .
Also in attendance were the Spiers , and Berger made a point of introducing his guest to Del and Barbara .
( The Louis Berger Group did not respond to a detailed request for comment , citing the ongoing criminal case . )
Even some of the company ’s own employees wondered why USPI had been trusted to protect hundreds of millions of dollars worth of infrastructure projects , and the lives of the men and women building them .
“ In terms of how they got in , it did n’t make any sense , ” the former USPI security coordinator recalls .
He says he at first “ figured they were pretty well established .
It was n’t until I went online and googled them and saw their website looked like something an 8 year - old made on Microsoft Front Page that I was like , ‘ What is going on ? ’
That just kind of blew me away .
But I figured , ‘ Well , they got these contracts for some reason . ' ”
Appleton places part of the blame with USAID for allowing Berger to hire USPI in the first place .
“ Why USAID would even want to do that when there was so much at stake is mind - boggling . ”
I asked Patrick Fine , the former USAID official ( who , like Appleton , inherited USPI ’s services ) , why the firm had been allowed to take on such a critical task .
He responded by describing the strain of operating in post- invasion Afghanistan .
“ People just do n’t understand unless you ’ve lived through it the kind of pressure to deliver results , ” he told me .
“ In this case to get that road built under difficult circumstances in a very short timeframe .
Expediency becomes the driving force . ”
Fraudsters of the Reconstruction : “ It ’s Endemic ”
By now , things have come full circle for Del and Barbara Spier .
They lifted themselves out of bankruptcy and struck it rich , only to wind up in jeopardy of losing everything once again .
In February , the Justice Department filed a complaint seeking to seize the half - million dollar Hempstead , Texas , home the Spiers purchased in 2005 partly with proceeds from the alleged fraud scheme .
Their passports have been taken away , and they must gain permission to leave the state of Texas .
USPI wrapped up its last USAID subcontract this winter , shortly after the firm was placed on the federal government ’s Excluded Parties List .
This designation precludes the company from receiving any government work pending the outcome of the criminal case , which goes to trial in late September .
( The Spiers and their lawyers declined interview requests . )
But USPI remains very much active in Afghanistan , with the Spiers calling the shots from Texas .
A recent visitor to Kabul told me of seeing USPI ’s guards posted at a variety of restaurants and local businesses .
“ As things are getting more dangerous , they ’re getting more business , ” says the former Marine who worked for USPI and who remains in touch with Del Spier .
But Appleton , who now runs his own consulting firm focused on strengthening Afghan businesses , says the company is hardly the player it once was .
“ They ’re doing the rinky - dink jobs now , a restaurant here and there .
They ’re not nearly as pervasive . ”
Though the Justice Department appears to have a strong case , some USPI alums remain fiercely loyal to their former employer .
“ Del Spier would have fired anyone in a heartbeat if he found out that anyone was ripping him off and ripping the government off , ” says the former USPI supervisor .
“ From what I know of Del , he tried to do an honest job over here . ”
He blamed the charges on a “ vendetta ” by the lead USAID investigator in the case — which also appears to be part of the strategy the Spiers ’ attorneys are employing — while at the same time suggesting that Del ’s assistant , Behzad Mehr , may have “ jury - rigged the numbers . ”
He adds , “ This is killing Del . ”
If the Spiers , along with Bill Dupre , are found guilty of fraud , it ’s likely their case represents one small chapter in a much larger story of reconstruction - related corruption in Afghanistan .
Almost everyone I spoke with for this story told of a culture of graft so pervasive in the country that payoffs and kickbacks are considered part of doing business .
“ Any company over there , when you hire local Afghans , they ’re all on the take , ” Myers told me .
“ Every goddamn one of them .
When you look at it in retrospect , you ca n’t really blame them .
Hell , they never made any money in their lives .
So if they ’ve got a chance to rip somebody off , they ’re going to do it . ”
It ’s not just the Afghans , of course .
Amidst the chaos of war and insurgency , foreign contractors and others have surely siphoned off a share of the reconstruction money pouring into the country .
Even members of the military have attempted to parlay the absence of oversight into a payday .
In mid-June , two Army officers who served at Bagram Airfield pleaded guilty to charges of fraud and bribery for accepting kickbacks in exchange for steering work to contractors .
“ It ’s just endemic , ” says the former Berger official , adding that many of these schemes were “ hiding in plain sight . ”
For instance , he says , he knows of people working on reconstruction projects who received several hundred thousand dollars in bribes from subcontractors .
“ They were the ones who had to sign off on the quantities , on the number of vehicles , on the invoicing , ” he says .
“ The contractor puts in a false invoice , they pay off the guy , the guy certifies it and submits it to USAID .
No one ’s the wiser .
The contractor makes money and the guy supervising it makes money . ”
Laughing ruefully , he adds , “ They bought a small plane for one of them .
A small plane . ”
The fact that opportunists have enriched themselves off projects that were intended to lay the foundation for a stable Afghan society makes this all the more tragic , he says .
But he thinks that perhaps there ’s a lesson to be taken away from all of this — from USPI ’s story , from Afghanistan ’s flawed reconstruction .
“ Everyone ’s accountable in the end , ” he says .
But there ’s a big difference between being accountable and being held to account .
The latter comes only after you ’ve been caught .
Britain's top accountancy firms are channelling resources and staff worth hundreds of thousands of pounds into the Conservative Party ahead of an anticipated Tory government after the general election .
Analysis by The Independent has revealed that leading companies including PricewaterhouseCoopers ( PwC ) and KPMG , have given the Tories nearly £ 500,000 since the start of last year as they attempt to build ties with the party that has a double - digit lead in the polls .
The firms involved already hold government contracts worth millions of pounds between them .
More consultancy contracts would be on offer for auditors and consultants as the party would be forced to grapple with making vast savings across the public sector should it form the next government .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Some estimates put the amount to be spent on consultancy over the next three years as high as £ 4bn .
The Home Office alone spent £ 96 m on consultancy contracts last year .
The donations were not made in cash but through the use of staff and services , allowing the firms to build up a relationship with the party .
PwC has handed the Tories staff " technical support " and " professional advice " worth more than £ 290,000 since March 2008 .
There are no records of any previous donations to the party , according to the Electoral Commission .
KPMG , which also holds many public sector contracts , gave the party donations - in - kind worth more than £ 100,000 since the start of last year .
A single KPMG consultant working in the Department for Children , Schools and Families costs the taxpayer £ 1.35 m over three years , a parliamentary inquiry found .
The company said it donated to all three main parties and had done so for many years .
However , its gifts to the Tories were up in value from £ 17,200 in 2007 to £ 74,500 last year .
" For many years , the Government has encouraged the exchange of people and experience between it and the private sector , " a KPMG spokesman said .
" We believe this benefits both parties by enabling the sharing of skills , which in turn contributes to modernisation and efficiency improvements in public and private organisations alike . "
The Independent has learned that Ernst & Young is to pay one of its staff a wage of £ 50,000 to work in Oliver Letwin 's influential policy unit from August until the end of May 2010 .
A spokeswoman for the company said : " Like our competitors , Ernst & Young run an extensive programme of secondments to and from organisations in both the public and private sectors . "
Boston Consulting Group , a management consultancy firm , has also given the party " technical support " worth £ 69,900 since the start of 2008 .
It has provided support for the shadow Chancellor , George Osborne , and also provided support to the offices of shadow Cabinet Office minister Francis Maude and the shadow Schools Secretary , Michael Gove .
No other parties registered donations from the firm .
Labour and the Liberal Democrats also receive donations and services from auditors .
However , there are signs that some firms have shifted their funding significantly in recent years .
While the Tories have received £ 106,103 from KPMG since the start of 2008 , it received just under £ 45,000 from the company in 2002 - 03 .
Meanwhile , donations from the firm to Labour have fallen from £ 90,000 in 2002 - 03 to £ 61,000 since the start of 2008 .
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
The making of these donations - in - kind has raised concerns among some MPs that the companies are attempting to position themselves for more government contracts .
" This is quite undesirable , " said the Liberal Democrat MP , Norman Baker .
" These auditors are not making these donations out of the goodness of their hearts .
They will want a return for it .
The return is contact with a future Conservative government .
These people are omnipresent across government in terms of contracts . "
However , he was accused of hypocrisy by the Tories as the Liberal Democrats also benefit from donations - in - kind from auditors , including more than £ 300,000 from KPMG since 2002 .
" The Conservative Party is no different from the other main political parties , " a Tory spokesman said .
" Like them , we accept donations from businesses and like them we have staff seconded from business . "
PwC also provides support for Mr Osborne , and two of its staff worked part - time with the Tories on their work and pensions proposals last year .
This month , the party revealed that the firm also provided specialist advice and a member of staff for the party 's shadow Treasury team .
" The firm does not make any cash donations to any political party or other groups with a political agenda , " a PwC spokeswoman said .
" However , in the interests of the firm and its clients , we seek to maintain constructive and balanced relationships with the main political parties . "
KPMG sent an analyst to complete work for shadow Home Secretary Chris Grayling and a member of staff was seconded to the Tory policy unit .
Businesses are queueing up to build their contacts with an incoming Tory government .
One lobby industry source said the Conservatives had become " the only party in town " .
The amount handed to the Tories by private firms has increased sharply since the party was in the wilderness in 2001 .
Since then , donations from businesses have increased from around £ 2.5 m in 2001 to more than £ 6 m last year .
Doing the Tories a favour
KPMG £ 106,103 since 01/08 for " provision of staff " .
PricewaterhouseCoopers £ 292,697.68 non-cash donations since 03/08 for " provision of staff " , " technical help " and " professional advice " .
Boston Consulting £ 69,852.78 since 01/08 for " technical support " and " provision of staff " .
Ernst & Young £ 50,000 to cover wages of staff member sent to work for Tory policy unit from August .
LONDON , July 2
L'Oréal and New Scientist today announce the results of a poll revealing the most inspirational female scientists of all time .
Nuclear physicist and chemist Marie Curie topped the poll which was created to celebrate 10 years of the L'Oréal - UNESCO For Women
In Science programme , with around a quarter ( 25.1 % ) of the vote .
Voted for by more than 800 members of the scientific community and visitors to http://www.NewScientist.com, the poll highlights the absence of modern role models on the list ; Astrophysicist Dame Susan Jocelyn Bell Burnell ( 4.7 % ) , responsible for the discovery of radiopulsars , and Jane Goodall , the primatologist ( 2.7 per cent ) were the only scientists in the top ten to have research published in recent years , polled 4th and 10th , respectively .
The poll comes as data from the UK Resource Centre For Women in Science , Engineering and Technology , confirms that women remain under - represented in UK scientific research .
Statistics reveal that women comprise less than 30 % of those in SET research positions in UK Universities , with lower proportions at later career stages .
While girls make up 42.4 per cent of GCE
A level students in science , this drops to 33.5 per cent at higher education level .
Furthermore , in the workforce , women make up only 18.5 per cent of those working in science and engineering overall .
Roger Highfield , Editor , New Scientist commented :
The poll indicates the vital need to celebrate and raise awareness of the many female scientists who have shaped modern science since Marie Curie , and who are making a bigger contribution than ever .
When we asked respondents to suggest who else should be included in our poll , the name of Rita Levi-Montalcini , the Italian neurologist who is the oldest living Nobel laureate , came up the most , with 1.5 per cent of the vote .
The results of the poll coincide with the announcement of the winners of the four 2009 L'Oréal UNESCO UK and Ireland For Women In Science Fellowships ( http://www.womeninscience.co.uk), at an awards ceremony held at the Royal Institution today .
The fellowships promote the importance of ensuring greater participation of women in science and are run in partnership with the UK National Commission for UNESCO , the Irish National Commission for UNESCO , the Royal Institution of Great Britain and the UK Resource Centre for Women in Science , Engineering and Technology .
Grita Loebsack , Country Manager , L'Oréal UK and Ireland commented : Women are at the forefront of advances in many scientific disciplines , particularly in health and life sciences .
L'Oréal 's business is founded on science , making programmes like For Women In Science fundamental to our future development .
She added :
The aim of the poll was to celebrate the contribution women have made to scientific research but also to highlight the lack of modern role models to encourage young women to pursue careers in science .
It is through programmes such as For Women In Science that we hope to draw more attention to the pioneering scientific research undertaken by women around the world and provide more visible role models for the female scientists of the future .
Winners of the 2009 L'Oréal - UNESCO UK and Ireland For Women In Science Fellowships are :
Dr Nathalie Seddon , Tutorial Fellow , University of Oxford for her research into the evolution of animal communication
Dr Elizabeth Murchison , Post - Doctoral Fellow , Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute for her work on understanding the origins and development of transmittable cancers
Dr Jennifer Bizley , Post - Doctoral Research Scientist , University of Oxford for her research into the human perception of pitch , tone , and spatial location of a sound source
Dr Patricia Alireza , Honorary Research Associate , University College London for her research into new electronic transitions under extreme conditions of pressure , magnetic field and temperature .
The 2009 L'Oreal UNESCO For Women In Science Fellows , Dr Nathalie Seddon , Dr Elizabeth Murchison , Dr Jennifer Bizley and Dr Patricia Alireza
Top Ten Most Inspirational Female Scientists : ( http://www.womeninscience.co.uk/bios.php)
1. Marie Curie 25.1 2 . Rosalind Franklin 14.2 3 . Hypatia Of Alexandria 9.4 4 . Jocelyn Bell Burnell 4.7 5 . Ada , Countess Lovelace - 4.5 6 . Lise Meitner - 4.4 7 . Dorothy Hodgkin - 3.8 8 . Sophie Germain - 3.7 9 . Rachel Carson - 3.4 10 .
Jane Goodall - 2.7
For more information on the top 10 most inspirational female scientists , as voted for by visitors to http://www.NewScientist.com in conjunction with L'Oréal , click on the links above or go to http://www.womeninscience.co.uk/bios.php
Source :
The poll was commissioned by L'Oréal and conducted by New Scientist , polling 838 visitors to http://www.newscientist.com in June 2009 .
In an appalling 5 - to - 4 ruling on Thursday , the Supreme Court ’s conservative majority tossed aside compelling due process claims , the demands of justice and a considered decision by a lower federal appeals court to deny the right of prisoners to obtain post - conviction DNA testing that might prove their innocence .
The inmate at the center of the case , William G. Osborne , is in prison in Alaska after a 1994 rape conviction based in part on a DNA test of semen from a condom recovered at the scene .
The state used an old method , known as DQ - alpha testing , that could not identify , with great specificity , the person to whom the DNA belonged .
The high court sided with Alaska in its refusal to grant Mr. Osborne access to the physical evidence , the semen .
His intent was to obtain a more advanced DNA test that was not available at the time of his trial and that prosecutors agreed could almost definitively prove his guilt or innocence .
Writing for the majority , Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. noted the “ unparalleled ability ” to prove guilt or innocence using DNA evidence .
But he treated that breakthrough more as an irritant than an opportunity .
As Rubyists migrate from Ruby 1.8 to Ruby 1.9 , new Ruby implementations are gaining in maturity .
Recently , IBM's Antonio Cangiano wrote an interesting article comparing the performance between Ruby 1.8 , 1.9 and IronRuby on Windows which surprised quite a lot of people .
Unfortunately , IronRuby is n't very well known in the Rails community yet .
Here is an interview with Jimmy Schementi , lead developer for IronRuby , to help give you a little insight .
Matt : Hi Jimmy , thank you very much for taking the time to answer our questions .
Could you please introduce yourself ?
Jimmy :
Thanks for sending me questions ; it 's great to see the ever - increasing interest in IronRuby !
I live in Seattle and work at Microsoft on a small team making an open - source implementation of Ruby called " IronRuby " .
I personally split my efforts between making the IronRuby codebase better , integrating IronRuby with .
NET - related technologies like Silverlight or ASP .
NET MVC , getting our monthly binary releases are in order , discussing IronRuby with the community , and making sure Microsoft 's management knows how awesome Ruby is .
But I 'm definitely not alone on the core team .
John Lam fueled the interest of a .
NET - Ruby implementation with the RubyCLR project , and started the IronRuby project .
Tomas Matousek is the brains behind the IronRuby compiler , and gets credit for all the compiler code and the recent performance gains .
Jim Deville is the man keeping IronRuby working with tons of tests and a fantastic test infrastructure .
Shri Borde is our manager , and he spends his non-managing time fixing the libraries and hosting the infamous
Thanks for sending me questions ; it 's great to see the ever - increasing interest in IronRuby !
I live in Seattle and work at Microsoft on a small team making an open - source implementation of Ruby called " IronRuby " .
I personally split my efforts between making the IronRuby codebase better , integrating IronRuby with .
NET - related technologies like Silverlight or ASP .
NET MVC , getting our monthly binary releases are in order , discussing IronRuby with the community , and making sure Microsoft 's management knows how awesome Ruby is .
But I 'm definitely not alone on the core team .
John Lam fueled the interest of a .
NET - Ruby implementation with the RubyCLR project , and started the IronRuby project .
Tomas Matousek is the brains behind the IronRuby compiler , and gets credit for all the compiler code and the recent performance gains .
Jim Deville is the man keeping IronRuby working with tons of tests and a fantastic test infrastructure .
Shri Borde is our manager , and he spends his non-managing time fixing the libraries and hosting the infamous " IronRuby pair - programming " sessions .
And of course all the IronRuby contributors over the past two years have been an enormous help .
Matt :
As a follow up on a recent blog post , could you tell us know how you learned Ruby and maybe give some advice or an important point not to miss for people wanting to learn Ruby ?
Jimmy : I heard about Ruby from my Computer Science professor / advisor Gary Pollice , who taught all the programming language classes at Worcester Polytechnic Institute .
I was searching for an expressive programming language for making games , and Ruby was a perfect fit .
A couple years later I worked for the same university building a computer - tutoring system called Assistment , where myself and a couple of other people fed up with the Java codebase ported it to Ruby on Rails .
It was a success , and I heard about Ruby from my Computer Science professor / advisor Gary Pollice , who taught all the programming language classes at Worcester Polytechnic Institute .
I was searching for an expressive programming language for making games , and Ruby was a perfect fit .
A couple years later I worked for the same university building a computer - tutoring system called Assistment , where myself and a couple of other people fed up with the Java codebase ported it to Ruby on Rails .
It was a success , and http://assistment.org is now a Rails system .
That 's where I really learned everything about Ruby and became extremely interested in how Ruby worked .
I learned the most from Ruby when I had a substantial Ruby project to work on , since I got to see its expressiveness making me more productive on a large scale .
I 'd still suggest trying to learn Ruby on small things here and there , but you 'll really be amazed if you use it for something larger .
Matt : IronRuby certainly looks very interesting , can you run Rails on it ?
Jimmy : Yes , at RailsConf 2009 I showed IronRuby running non-trivial Rails applications .
IronRuby can run Rails on WEBrick , as well as on the web - server that comes with Windows , IIS .
For the database you can use SQLServer Express ( which is free ) , or any .NET based database , like the recent Yes , at RailsConf 2009 I showed IronRuby running non-trivial Rails applications .
IronRuby can run Rails on WEBrick , as well as on the web - server that comes with Windows , IIS .
For the database you can use SQLServer Express ( which is free ) , or any .NET based database , like the recent csharp - sqlite port .
Here 's a detailed post the IronRuby on Rails talk at RailsConf 2009 : http://blog.jimmy.schementi.com/2009/05/ironruby-at-railsconf-2009.html
Matt :
Are there any limitations that our readers should be aware of before starting to develop on IronRuby ?
Jimmy :
The main limitation is that IronRuby does not support any of the C - based Ruby libraries , and only after 1.0 will we consider building an interop layer between the Ruby C API and IronRuby .
In the meantime , people have been porting their favorite C - based Ruby libraries over to C # so it can be used from IronRuby , like The main limitation is that IronRuby does not support any of the C - based Ruby libraries , and only after 1.0 will we consider building an interop layer between the Ruby C API and IronRuby .
In the meantime , people have been porting their favorite C - based Ruby libraries over to C # so it can be used from IronRuby , like Hpricot .
While this seems like a large limitation , most of the C - based libraries Ruby code depends on have an equivalent API in the .NET framework , which IronRuby has direct integration with , making either using directly or porting really easy .
For example , the Rails app I showed at RailsConf did image resizing directly with the System .
Windows .
Drawing APIs rather than ImageMagick .
If your code does not depend on anything outside of the Ruby standard library that is C - based , you should have no problems .
Take a look at the documentation for running Rails on IronRuby to make sure things go smoothly : http://ironruby.net/Documentation/Rails
Matt :
What are the pros/cons of using IronRuby versus the standard Ruby ( Ruby 1.8 or Ruby1.9 ) on Windows ?
Jimmy : IronRuby is a very fast Ruby interpreter / compiler due to our own tricks we pull to make Ruby fast , the tricks the DLR does to make dynamic languages fast , and the CLR 's just - in - time compiler which generates very efficient code .
We 're definitely aiming to be the fastest Ruby implementation on Windows .
The most recent performance work we did was only in the core libraries ( " Array " , " Hash " , etc ) , and that helped IronRuby surpass Ruby 1.8.6 on Windows and gets much closer to Ruby 1.9.1 .
IronRuby is continuing to investigate ways of gaining performance in each release .
IronRuby is also a very 1.8.6 compliant Ruby implementation .
There is a " - 19 " flag for any 1.9 specific features you might need , and a " - 20 " flag for any Ruby 2.0 features we might have in there , but there are no guarantees on those ; we only test the 1.8.6 behavior today .
We pass ~ 85 % of the RubySpec test suite , the best test suite for Ruby implementations to verify their correctness .
However , the numbers I 'm more concerned with are whether specific Ruby libraries ' test - suites work .
We pass Rails , RubyGems , Rake , and RSpec 's test suites at well over 90 % , and fix compatibility issues when asked about them , so please let us know if your applications run into any compatibility problems .
Other than the limitations that I mentioned in the previous question , you should have no problems .
I love people to try running their Rails applications on the latest IronRuby bits hosted on GitHub , and please report any issues you find on IronRuby is a very fast Ruby interpreter / compiler due to our own tricks we pull to make Ruby fast , the tricks the DLR does to make dynamic languages fast , and the CLR 's just - in - time compiler which generates very efficient code .
We 're definitely aiming to be the fastest Ruby implementation on Windows .
The most recent performance work we did was only in the core libraries ( " Array " , " Hash " , etc ) , and that helped IronRuby surpass Ruby 1.8.6 on Windows and gets much closer to Ruby 1.9.1 .
IronRuby is continuing to investigate ways of gaining performance in each release .
IronRuby is also a very 1.8.6 compliant Ruby implementation .
There is a " - 19 " flag for any 1.9 specific features you might need , and a " - 20 " flag for any Ruby 2.0 features we might have in there , but there are no guarantees on those ; we only test the 1.8.6 behavior today .
We pass ~ 85 % of the RubySpec test suite , the best test suite for Ruby implementations to verify their correctness .
However , the numbers I 'm more concerned with are whether specific Ruby libraries ' test - suites work .
We pass Rails , RubyGems , Rake , and RSpec 's test suites at well over 90 % , and fix compatibility issues when asked about them , so please let us know if your applications run into any compatibility problems .
Other than the limitations that I mentioned in the previous question , you should have no problems .
I love people to try running their Rails applications on the latest IronRuby bits hosted on GitHub , and please report any issues you find on http://ironruby.codeplex.com
Matt :
Are they any extra advantages to use IronRuby ?
Jimmy :
The most notable advantage is that IronRuby works in Silverlight , a subset of the .NET framework which installs as a browser plugin in Mozilla - based browsers ( eg. Firefox on Mac and Windows ) , Webkit - based browsers ( eg. Safari on Windows ) , and IE ( on Windows , duh ) .
The Mono project is implementing an open - source version of Silverlight called " Moonlight " so Linux developers can run Silverlight applications , which I talked about at The most notable advantage is that IronRuby works in Silverlight , a subset of the .NET framework which installs as a browser plugin in Mozilla - based browsers ( eg. Firefox on Mac and Windows ) , Webkit - based browsers ( eg. Safari on Windows ) , and IE ( on Windows , duh ) .
The Mono project is implementing an open - source version of Silverlight called " Moonlight " so Linux developers can run Silverlight applications , which I talked about at OSCON 2009 .
This enables you to write Ruby in the browser instead of JavaScript , for controlling HTML or vector graphics .
The best place for documentation / examples today is on the Gestalt website , a little portal designed to bring awareness to Ruby and Python in Silverlight : http://visitmix.com/labs/gestalt.
The IronRuby website is in flux at the moment , but clearer documentation is on its way .
I also built a little Ruby on Rails plugin called " Silverline " to make it really easy to use Silverlight from Rails .
Worth checking out if you want to use Ruby as a client scripting language .
IronRuby has direct integration with the .NET framework , so anything that is in , or run on , the .NET framework can be used directly from IronRuby .
. NET namespaces are exposed as Ruby modules , .NET classes as Ruby classes , and you can call methods on them just like you call Ruby methods .
This makes it really easy to build pieces of your system in a static language ( if it makes sense to use , like for a high - performance message queue , game engine , etc ) and then interact with it through Ruby .
Matt :
Why is Microsoft interested in a Ruby project ?
What advantage do they find in sponsoring such a project ?
Jimmy : I see it as a " you scratch my back , I 'll scratch yours " situation .
Microsoft sponsoring IronRuby helps the Ruby community by making Ruby a first - class language on Windows and .NET , also giving the .NET crowd the choice of using Ruby , and in return the IronRuby project helps promote innovation in the languages that drive Visual Studio purchases ( C# , VB. NET , and F# ) .
As a kind - of related side - note : some people feel it's a bad thing that there are so many implementations of Ruby , kind of like MRI is so bad that others had to fix it , but I completely disagree .
IronRuby , JRuby , MacRuby , and most of the other implementations accomplish the same thing for their respective communities ; building a bridge between Ruby developers and themselves .
Rather than needing to recreate MRI , most have been inspired by it and wanted to bring the language to their platform .
It 's a great thing for the Ruby community because it gives access to more platforms , operating systems , and libraries than any other language .
Anyway , back to the question : as an example of how IronRuby has helped language innovation , the next version of C# will now have a " dynamic " keyword , indicating that the variable statically - typed as " dynamic " ( =P ) should perform dynamic dispatch on any method calls , rather than verify the method call at compile - time .
This infrastructure uses the Dynamic Language Runtime directly , so C# can use Ruby objects just like they were defined in C# , or any other dynamic - enabled object .
Matt : How will IronRuby make Rails developer lives easier and what are the plans for the future of IronRuby ?
Jimmy :
My hope is that IronRuby can benefit existing Rails developers by making Windows a great option to develop and deploy on .
By building a Rack adapter specifically for IronRuby and IIS ( like I showed at RailsConf ) , Rails applications can tie directly into the same web - server pipeline that ASP .
NET does , significantly reducing the overhead deploying via IIS +FCGI gives you today .
This makes deploying Rails applications on IIS just like deploying ASP.
NET apps , so system administrators do n't have to learn a whole new framework ; to them it 's just ASP .
NET .
Then any existing ASP.
NET shops who want to offer Rails applications to their customers can , with the same infrastructure and deployment know - how .
This is bringing choice to the technologies you choose to deploy on Windows , just like how Microsoft has helped make PHP run well on IIS .
The only definite future plans for IronRuby is continue pushing on performance on compatibility , as well as continue supporting the latest version of Silverlight and Mono .
1.0 will be released when the community is happy with the state of those metrics , and future work should be driven by what IronRuby users want .
If you start using IronRuby and want a feature either by 1.0 or post 1.0 , please post the request to the mailing list or to CodePlex .
We have tons of hopes and dreams for what IronRuby can do in the future , so please come help out !
Matt :
Is there anything you would like to add or share with the readers ?
From 2002 until this year , NASA ’s mission statement , prominently featured in its budget and planning documents , read : “ To understand and protect our home planet ; to explore the universe and search for life ; to inspire the next generation of explorers ... as only NASA can . ”
In early February , the statement was quietly altered , with the phrase “ to understand and protect our home planet ” deleted .
In this year ’s budget and planning documents , the agency ’s mission is “ to pioneer the future in space exploration , scientific discovery and aeronautics research . ”
David E. Steitz , a spokesman for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration , said the aim was to square the statement with President Bush ’s goal of pursuing human spaceflight to the Moon and Mars .
But the change comes as an unwelcome surprise to many NASA scientists , who say the “ understand and protect ” phrase was not merely window dressing but actively influenced the shaping and execution of research priorities .
Without it , these scientists say , there will be far less incentive to pursue projects to improve understanding of terrestrial problems like climate change caused by greenhouse gas emissions .
