Sure , Alexey Pajitnov ’s Tetris — combination of tetramino and tennis — was created on an Elektronika 60 and first released over 20 - years ago , but the theme song however , has been faithfully recreated by a group of college students using only glass bottles .
Continue reading for the video — courtesy of reader Madison .
Delve into UNIX process creation
Explore the life cycle of a process running under the UNIX operating system
One of the many jobs assigned to system administrators is making sure the programs of users are running properly .
This task is made more complex by the presence of other programs running concurrently on the system .
For various reasons , these programs might fail , hang up , or otherwise misbehave .
Understanding how the UNIX ® environment creates , manages , and destroys these jobs is a crucial step in building a more reliable system .
Developers also have a motivation to learn how the kernel manages processes , because applications that behave well with the rest of the system take fewer resources and do n't anger the system administrators as frequently .
An application that restarts constantly because it creates zombie processes ( described later ) is obviously not desirable .
An understanding of the UNIX system calls that govern processes allows developers to write software that can run silently in the background , rather than needing a terminal session that must be kept on someone 's screen .
The fundamental building block of managing these programs is the process .
A process is a name given to a program being executed by the operating system .
If you 're familiar with the ps command , then you 're familiar with a process listing , such as the one shown in Listing 1 .
Listing 1 . Output of a ps command
sunbox#ps -ef UID PID PPID C STIME TTY TIME CMD root 0 0 0 20:15:23 ?
0:14 sched root 1 0 0 20:15:24 ?
0:00 / sbin/init root 2 0 0 20:15:24 ?
0:00 pageout root 3 0 0 20:15:24 ?
0:00 fsflush daemon 240 1 0 20:16:37 ?
0:00 /usr/lib/nfs/statd ...
The first three columns are important to this discussion .
The first lists the user the process is running as , the second lists the ID of the process , and the third lists the ID of the parent of the process .
The final column is a description of the process , usually the name of the binary that was launched .
Each process is assigned an identifier , called the process identifier ( PID ) .
A process also has a parent , which in most cases is the PID of the process that launched it .
The presence of a parent PID ( PPID ) implies that one process is created by another process .
The original process that kicks this off is called init , and it is always given a PID of 1 .
init is the first real process to be started by the kernel on bootup .
It is the job of init to start up the rest of the system .
init and other processes with a PPID of 0 belong to the kernel .
Using the fork system call
The fork ( 2 ) system call creates a new process .
Listing 2 shows fork being used in a simple piece of C code .
Listing 2 . A simple use of fork ( 2 )
sunbox $ cat fork1.c # include < unistd.h > # include < stdio.h > int main ( void ) { pid_t p ; /* fork returns type pid_t */ p = fork ( ) ; printf ( " fork returned %d
" , p ) ; } sunbox $ gcc for k1.c - o fork1 sunbox $ ./ fork1 fork returned 0 fork returned 698
The code in for k1.c simply makes the call to fork and prints the integer result through a call to printf .
Only one call is made , but the output is printed twice .
This is because a new process is created within the call to fork .
Two separate processes are now returning from the call .
This is often described as " called once , returns twice . "
The values returned by fork are interesting .
One of them returns 0 ; the other , a non-zero value .
The process that gets the 0 is called the child process , and the non -zero result goes to the original process , which is the parent process .
You use the return value to determine which process is which .
Because both processes resume execution at the same space , the only practical differentiator is the return value from fork .
The rationale for the 0 and non -zero return values is that a child can always find out who its parent is through a call to getppid( 2 ) , but it is more difficult for a parent to find all its children .
Thus , the parent is told about its new child , and the child can look up its parent , if needed .
With the return value of fork in mind , the code can now check to see if it is the parent or child process and act accordingly .
Listing 3 shows a program that prints different output based on the result of the fork .
Listing 3 . A more complete example using fork
sunbox $ cat for k2.c # include < unistd.h > # include < stdio.h > int main ( void ) { pid_t p ; printf ( " Original program , pid=%d
" , getpid ( ) ) ; p = fork ( ) ; if ( p == 0 ) { printf ( " In child process , pid=%d , ppid=%d
" , getpid ( ) , getppid ( ) ) ; } else { printf ( " In parent , pid= %d , fork returned=%d
" , getpid ( ) , p ) ; } } sunbox $ gcc for k2.c - o fork2 sunbox $ ./ fork2 Original program , pid=767
In child process , pid=768 , ppid=767
In parent , pid=767 , fork returned =768
In Listing 3 , the PIDs are printed out at each step , and the code checks the return value from fork to determine which process is the parent and which is the child .
Comparing the PIDs printed , you can see that the original process is the parent process ( PID 767 ) , and the child process ( PID 768 ) knows who its parent is .
Note how the child knows its parent through getppid and how the parent uses the result of fork to locate its child .
Now that you understand the method of duplicating a process , let 's examine how to run a different process .
fork is only half of the equation .
The exec family of system calls runs the actual program .
Using the exec family of system calls
The job of exec is to replace the current process with a new process .
Note the use of the word replace .
Once you call exec , the current process is gone and the new process starts .
If you want to create a separate process , you must first fork , and then exec the new binary within the child process .
Listing 4 shows such a scenario .
Listing 4 .
Run a different program by pairing fork with exec
sunbox $ cat exec1.c # include < unistd.h > # include < stdio.h > int main ( void ) { /*
Define a null terminated array of the command to run followed by any parameters , in this case none */ char * arg [ ] = { " /usr/bin/ls " , 0 } ; /* fork , and exec within child process */ if ( fork ( ) == 0 ) { printf ( " In child process :
" ) ; execv ( arg [ 0 ] , arg ) ; printf ( " I will never be called
" ) ; } printf ( " Execution continues in parent process
" ) ; } sunbox $ gcc exec1.c -o exec1 sunbox $ ./exec1
In child process : fork1.c exec1 for k2 exec1. c fork1 for k2.c
Execution continues in parent process
The code in Listing 4 first defines an array , with the first element being the path to the binary that is to be executed , and the remaining elements acting as the command - line parameters .
The array is null - terminated per the man pages .
After returning from the fork system call , the child process is instructed to execv the new binary .
The call to execv first takes a pointer to the name of the binary to be run , and then a pointer to the array of parameters that you declared earlier .
The first element of the array is actually the name of the binary , so it 's really the second element where the parameters start .
Note that the child process never returns from the call to execv .
This shows that the running process is replaced by the new process .
There are other system calls to exec a process , and they differ by how they accept parameters and if environment variables need to be passed .
execv ( 2 ) is one of the simpler ways to replace the current image , because it does n't need information about the environment and it uses the null - terminated array .
Other options are execl ( 2 ) , which takes the parameters in individual arguments , or execvp ( 2 ) , which also takes a null - terminated array of environment variables .
To make matters more complicated , not all operating systems support all variants .
The decision of which one to use depends on the platform , coding style , and whether you need to define any environment variables .
What happens to open files when fork is called ?
When a process duplicates itself , the kernel makes a copy of all open file descriptors .
A file descriptor is an integer that refers to an open file or device , and it is used for reading and writing .
If a program has a file open before the fork , what happens if both processes try a read or a write ?
Will one process overwrite data from the other ?
Will two copies of the file be read ?
Listing 5 investigates this by opening up two files -- one for reading and one for writing -- and having both the parent and the child read and write simultaneously .
Listing 5 .
Two processes reading and writing to the same file simultaneously
#include < stdio.h > # include < strings.h> # include < unistd.h > # include < sys/types.h > # include < sys / stat.h > # include < fcntl.h > int main ( void ) { int fd_in , fd_out ; char buf [ 1024 ] ; memset ( buf , 0 , 1024 ) ; /* clear buffer */ fd_in = open ( " /tmp/infile " , O_RDONLY ) ; fd_out = open ( " /tmp/outfile " , O_WRONLY|O_CREAT ) ; fork ( ) ; /*
It does n't matter about child vs parent */ while ( read ( fd_in , buf , 2 ) > 0 ) { /*
Loop through the infile */ printf ( " %d : %s " , getpid ( ) , buf ) ; /*
Write a line */ sprintf ( buf , " %d Hello , world !
\r " , getpid ( ) ) ; write ( fd_out , buf , strlen ( buf ) ) ; sleep ( 1 ) ; memset ( buf , 0 , 1024 ) ; /* clear buffer */ } sleep ( 10 ) ; } sunbox $ gcc fdtest1.c -o fdtest1 sunbox $ ./fdtest1 2875 : 1 2874 : 2 2875 : 3 2874 : 4 2875 : 5 2874 : 6 2874 : 7 sunbox $ cat /tmp/ outfile 2875
Hello , world !
2874 Hello , world !
2875 Hello , world !
2874 Hello , world !
2875 Hello , world !
2874 Hello , world !
2874 Hello , world !
Listing 5 is a simple program that opens a file and fork s into the parent and child .
Each process reads from the same file descriptor ( which is just a text file with the numbers 1 through 7 ) , printing what was read along with the PID .
After reading a line , the PID is written to the out file .
The loop completes when there are no more characters to read in the in file .
The output of Listing 5 shows that as one process reads from the file , and the file pointer is moved for both processes .
Likewise , when a file is written to , the next character goes to the end of the file .
This makes sense , because the kernel keeps track of the open file 's information .
The file descriptor is merely an identifier for the process .
You might also know that the standard output ( the screen ) is a file descriptor , too .
This is duplicated during the fork , which is why both processes can write to the screen .
The death of a parent or child
Processes have to finish at some point .
It 's just a question of who dies first : the parent or the child .
Parent dies before child
If the parent process dies before its children , the orphaned children need to know who is their parent process .
Recall that each process has a parent , and you can trace this family tree of sorts all the way back to PID 1 , otherwise known as init .
When a parent dies , init adopts all its children , as Listing 6 demonstrates .
Listing 6 . Parent process dying before the child
#include < unistd.h > # include < stdio.h > int main ( void ) { int i ; if ( fork ( ) ) { /* Parent */ sleep ( 2 ) ; _exit( 0 ) ; } for ( i=0 ; i < 5 ; i++) { printf ( " My parent is %d
" , getppid ( ) ) ; sleep ( 1 ) ; } } sunbox $ gcc die1.c -o die1 sunbox $ ./die1
My parent is 2920
My parent is 2920 sunbox $
My parent is 1
My parent is 1
My parent is 1
In this example , the parent process calls fork , waits for two seconds , then exits .
The child process continues by printing its parent PID for five seconds .
You can see that the PPID changes to 1 as the parent dies .
Also of interest is the return of the shell prompt .
Because the child process is running in the background , control returns to the shell as soon as the parent dies .
Child dies before parent
Listing 7 shows the opposite of Listing 6 -- that is , the child dying before the parent .
To better illustrate what 's happening , nothing is printed from the process itself .
Instead , the interesting information comes from the process listing .
Listing 7 .
Child process dies before the parent
sunbox $ cat die2.c # include < unistd.h > # include < stdio.h > int main ( void ) { int i ; if ( ! fork ( ) ) { /* Child exits immediately */ _exit(0 ) ; } /* Parent waits around for a minute */ sleep ( 60 ) ; } sunbox $ gcc die2.c -o die2 sunbox $ ./die2 & [ 1 ] 2934 sunbox $ ps - ef | grep 2934 sean 2934 2885 0 21:43:05 pts/1 0:00 ./die2 sean 2935 2934 0 - ? 0:00 < defunct > sunbox $ ps - ef | grep 2934 [ 1 ] +
Exit 199 ./die2
die2 runs in the background using the & operator , and then a process listing is displayed , showing only the running process and its children .
PID 2934 is the parent process , and PID 2935 is the one that is fork ed off and terminated immediately .
Despite its untimely exit , the child process is still in the process table as a defunct process , otherwise known as a zombie .
When the parent dies 60 seconds later , both processes are gone .
When a child process dies , its parent is notified with a signal called SIGCHLD .
The exact mechanics of this are unimportant right now .
What is important is that the parent must somehow acknowledge the death of the child .
From the time the child dies until the time the parent acknowledges the signal , the child sits in a zombie state .
The zombie is not running or consuming CPU cycles ; it is merely taking up process table space .
When the parent dies , the kernel is finally able to reap the unacknowledged children along with the parent .
This means that the only way you can get rid of zombie processes is by killing the parent .
The best way to deal with zombies is to make sure they do n't happen in the first place .
The code in Listing 8 implements a signal handler to deal with the incoming SIGCHLD signal .
Listing 8 . A signal handler in action
#include < unistd.h > # include < stdio.h > # include < sys/types.h > # include < sys / wait.h> void sighandler ( int sig ) { printf ( " In signal handler for signal %d
" , sig ) ; /* wait ( ) is the key to acknowledging the SIGCHLD */ wait ( 0 ) ; } int main ( void ) { int i ; /* Assign a signal handler to SIGCHLD */ sigset ( SIGCHLD , & sighandler ) ; if ( ! fork ( ) ) { /* Child */ _exit( 0 ) ; } sleep ( 60 ) ; } sunbox $ gcc die3.c -o die3 sunbox $ ./die3 & [ 1 ] 3116 sunbox $
In signal handler for signal 18 ps - ef | grep 3116 sean 3116 2885 0 22:37:26 pts/1 0:00 ./die3
Listing 8 is slightly more complex than the previous example because of the sigset function , which assigns a function pointer to a signal handler .
Whenever a handled signal is received by a process , the function assigned through sigset is called .
For the SIGCHLD signal , the application must call the wait ( 3c ) function to wait for the child process to exit .
Because the process has exited already , this serves as the acknowledgement of the child 's death to the kernel .
In reality , the parent might have more to do than simply acknowledge the signal .
It might also need to clean up the child 's data .
After you execute die3 , the process listing is checked and the child process executes cleanly .
The signal handler is called with a value of 18 ( SIGCHLD ) , the child 's exit is acknowledged , and the parent goes back to its sleep ( 60 ) .
Summary
UNIX processes are created when one process calls fork , which splits the running executable into two .
The process can then execute one of the system calls in the exec family , which replaces the current running image with the new one .
When the parent process dies , all its children are adopted by init , which is PID 1 .
If the child dies before the parent , a signal is sent to the parent , and then the child moves to a zombie state until the signal is acknowledged , or the parent process is killed .
Now that you understand how processes are created and destroyed , you 're better equipped to deal with the processes running your system , especially those that make heavy use of multiple processes , such as Apache .
Being able to follow the process tree for a particular process also lets you track any application back to the process that created it , should you need to do some troubleshooting .
Downloadable resources
Related topics
' Not Exactly Helpful ' Germans Angry with US Role in Opel Negotiations
Despite an entire night of non-stop negotiations in Angela Merkel 's Chancellery , there is still no plan in place to save Opel from following GM into bankruptcy .
The problem , say Berlin politicians , is a lack of transparency -- and a surprise 300 million euro demand -- from the Americans .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement By Ian Pannell
BBC News , Kabul
Allegations of abuse and neglect at a US detention facility in Afghanistan have been uncovered by the BBC .
A number of former detainees have alleged they were beaten , deprived of sleep and threatened with dogs at the Bagram military base .
The BBC spoke to 27 ex-inmates around the country over two months .
Just two said they had been treated well .
The Pentagon has denied the charges and insisted that all inmates in the facility are treated humanely .
All the men were asked the same questions and they were all interviewed in isolation .
Ill - treatment
They were held at various times between 2002 and 2008 .
They were all accused of belonging to or helping al - Qaeda or the Taliban .
BAGRAM AIR BASE
Base built by the Soviet military in the 1980s Around 600 people are held Prisoners are classified as " unlawful enemy combatants '
Officials react to Bagram ' abuse ' Foreign detainees ' have US right ' Bagram : US base in Afghanistan Afghan ex-prisoner speaks of fear None was charged with any offence or put on trial - some even received apologies when they were released .
Many allegations of ill - treatment appear repeatedly in the interviews : physical abuse , the use of stress positions , excessive heat or cold , unbearably loud noise , being forced to remove clothes in front of female soldiers .
In four cases detainees were threatened with death at gunpoint .
" They did things that you would not do against animals let alone to humans , " said one inmate known as Dr Khandan .
" They poured cold water on you in winter and hot water in summer .
They used dogs against us .
They put a pistol or a gun to your head and threatened you with death , " he said .
" They put some kind of medicine in the juice or water to make you sleepless and then they would interrogate you . "
The findings were shown to the Pentagon .
Lt Col Mark Wright , a spokesman for the US Secretary of Defence , insisted that conditions at Bagram " meet international standards for care and custody " .
Col Wright said the US defence department has a policy of treating detainees humanely .
" There have been well - documented instances where that policy was not followed , and service members have been held accountable for their actions in those cases , " he said .
' Legal black hole '
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Bagram has held thousands of people over the last eight years and a new detention centre is currently under construction at the camp .
Some of the inmates are forcibly taken there from abroad , especially Pakistanis and at least two Britons .
Since coming to office US President Barack Obama has banned the use of torture and ordered a review of policy on detainees , which is expected to report next month .
But unlike its detainees at the US naval facility at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba , the prisoners at Bagram have no access to lawyers and they cannot challenge their detention .
The inmates at Bagram are being kept in " a legal black - hole , without access to lawyers or courts " , according to Tina Foster , executive director of the International Justice Network , a legal support group representing four detainees .
None of the detainees were charged or put on trial
She is pursuing legal action that , if successful , would grant detainees at Bagram the same rights as those still being held at Guantanamo Bay .
But the Obama administration is trying to block the move .
Last year , the US Supreme Court ruled that detainees at Guantanamo should be given legal rights .
Speaking on the presidential campaign trail , Barack Obama applauded the ruling : " The court 's decision is a rejection of the Bush administration 's attempt to create a legal black hole at Guantanamo .
" This is an important step toward re-establishing our credibility as a nation committed to the rule of law , and rejecting a false choice between fighting terrorism and respecting habeas corpus . "
Ms Foster accuses the new administration of abandoning that position and " using the same arguments as the Bush White House " .
In its legal submissions , the US justice department argues that because Afghanistan is an active combat zone it is not possible to conduct rigorous inquiries into individual cases and that it would divert precious military resources at a crucial time .
They also argue that granting legal rights to detainees could harm Mr Obama 's " ability to succeed in armed conflict and to protect United States ' forces " by limiting his powers to conduct military operations .
A US federal appeals court judge is expected to rule soon .
These revelations come at a time when Mr Obama is trying to re-set Washington 's relationship with the Muslim world and trying harder than ever to win the war in Afghanistan .
It is a controversy that threatens to damage the image of the new administration in both Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The attackers issued no demands but went on a rampage , killing at least eight recruits and instructors .
One attacker was killed in the siege that followed and , in a gory finale , three detonated suicide belts , killing themselves .
More than 100 people were wounded .
Image Pakistani paramilitary soldiers arresting one of the gunmen .
Credit ... Rahat Dar / European Pressphoto Agency
“ They were barbaric , ” a senior trainer at the center said .
“ They had no demands .
We did n’t understand what they wanted .
They just kept killing . ”
The strike was aimed at killing and terrorizing future law enforcers and demonstrated once again the militants ’ ability to reach deep into the Pakistani heartland .
Pakistan , a nuclear - armed state , has been mired in political wrangling since an election last year , with leaders fighting each other instead of joining efforts against the insurgency , which is slowly strangling the country .
The government ’s impotence will greatly complicate the Obama administration ’s efforts to bring order to Afghanistan , whose militants slip through Pakistan ’s porous borders .
Rehman Malik , a senior adviser in Pakistan ’s Interior Ministry , said there were seven assailants .
Three were arrested , he said , and four died in the siege .
They rented an apartment in Lahore but came from Pakistan ’s lawless tribal areas in the west , he said .
California , home to what is estimated to be the world ’s tenth largest economy is on the verge of financial collapse .
Yesterday , Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger , with California ’s chief accountant warned lawmakers that they would have until the fifteenth of this month to reverse the state ’s financial woes .
If California cannot close the budget deficit by then , state Controller John Chiang estimates the state will run out of cash by the end of July .
The Golden State faces a deficit of $ 24 billion , which if remains unbridged , will cause California to make severe cuts to its state funded programs .
Schwarzenegger said in his speech yesterday “ Our wallet is empty .
Our bank is closed .
Our credit is dried up , ” urging lawmakers to pass a balanced budget plan by the June 15th deadline so the state might be able to access short term loans during a tight credit market .
He also proposed several budget reductions , specifically a $ 5.2 billion cut in funding to public schools , laying off 5,000 state employees , and reducing the pay of some 200,000 others .
The Governor also proposed eliminating financial welfare for half a million California families and ending health care coverage for one million low income children .
He further suggested that 220 state parks should be closed to bridge the budget gap .
Schwarzenegger acknowledged that he was n’t happy about the severe cuts , but said the state ’s financial situation left little other choice , stating “ California 's day of reckoning is here . ”
California traditionally must take loans in the summer to cover the state ’s budget until the second half of the year when most of it ’s revenue is generated , but this year banks are slow to lend the state money due to it ’s unbalanced budget and the struggling U.S. economy .
If lawmakers are unable to pass a revised budget sheet , Californian ’s could see a repeat of last winter when the state had to delay payment to welfare recipients , private contractors , and local governments to keep the state 's finances afloat .
Assumedly , many are outraged at the proposed cuts and the potential for friends or family to laid off or underfunded .
Though , in many ways it ’s just a sign of the times , when one of the United States ’ most populated and richest states is on the verge of financial collapse , unless it is able act quickly in order to borrow back some of the money we already gave the banks .
Full list of Proposed Budget Cuts
Full Schwarzenegger Budget Address
Advertisements
While campaigning for Virginia gubernatorial candidate , and Clinton insider , Terry McAuliffe , former President Bill Clinton laughed off former vice president Dick Cheney ’s attacks against President Barack Obama and the Democrats .
Clinton had a simple message for Cheney , “ It ’s over . ”
Here is the video from CNN :
Embedded video from CNN Video
Advertisements
Clinton said , “ I wish him well .
It ’s over , but I do hope he gets some more target practice before he goes out again . ”
Talk about cool .
He not only told Dick Cheney to go away , but also got in a joke about Cheney ’s marksmanship .
If there is another American politician who can rival Dick Cheney for cockiness , it is Bill Clinton .
No one should be amazed that Bill Clinton is still letting his opinions be known .
Some Hillary Clinton supporters will argue until their dying day that Bill cost Hillary the Democratic nomination .
I think that the biggest surprise of the Obama presidency , so far has been the relative silence of former President Clinton .
Obama supporters were skeptical at best , that President Clinton could make himself scarce with his wife in the administration .
The nightmare scenario for Democrats was that Bill Clinton and his baggage would be hovering around causing problems for the new administration .
Bill Clinton is worth his weight in cold when it comes to fundraising and campaigning for his fellow Democrats , which is interestingly something that he showed very little interest in doing until Mrs. Clinton ran for president last year .
Both Bill Clinton and George W. Bush deserve credit for laying low and letting Obama do his thing .
If only Dick Cheney would follow suit .
Enlarge By Institute of Archaeology , Belize A skull found in the Achtun Tunichil Muknal cave .
Enlarge Institute of Archaeology , Belize
The entrance to the cave .
ACHTUN TUNICHIL MUKNAL CAVE , Belize ( USATODAY.com )  Xibalba was a Maya name for the underworld , home of the gods of death and disease .
Caves , not the lofty pyramids left behind by the ancient Maya , were the entrances to Xibalba .
And here , in caves like this one , they left sacrifices — plates , bowls and captive 's remains — as offerings to the gods .
" One of the things that Maya would do , particularly when they made offerings in caves , was smash things , because to the Maya , things that we consider inanimate , they consider animate .
And if you use them in a ritual it was important to smash the vessel to release the spirit , " says archaeologist Jaime Awe , director of Belize 's Institute of Archaeology .
He was standing in the cave before an array of bowls , broken or incised with holes , just as they had been left a thousand years before .
AUDIO : Sounds of the cave
For more than four millennia , Maya conducted rituals in caves like Actun Tunichil Muknal , where Awe led teams to explore starting in 1993 .
The descendants of the ancient Maya , who abandoned their pyramid - adorned ceremonial centers by 1050 A.D. , still perform rituals today in caves in Mexico 's Yucatan .
In a recent paper in the Latin American Antiquity journal , Awe and colleagues presented evidence from caves like this one that drought played a role in the famed collapse of the ancient Maya .
" We 've had to map everything in these caves , " Awe says .
It was n't easy .
Just getting into this cave requires a creek - crossing hike , a swim through the chill outflow of the cave mouth , a sloshing hike through the river - carved tunnel and then a climb on soft limestone to the auditorium - size grand chamber and beyond , where the bulk of the sacrifices rest .
One of the most thrilling tourist 's trips around , tours of the cave are led by specially - trained guides past a guarded gate .
The lime stone of the cave is so soft that visitors traverse the last part in the socks , so that the oils on the soles of their feet do n't erode the floor .
In the study , researchers survey 53 caves in central Belize , such as nearby Chechem Ha Cave , where teams mapped nearly 1000 feet of cave and sifted out a central chamber .
They compared charcoal dates left by torches to large jars left behind to find that more elaborate gifts were left at the most intense periods without rain , evidence of a " drought cult , " Awe says .
" They were asking for more water from caves seen as a water source and home of the gods . "
When things got really tough , human sacrifices turn up in caves like Actun Tunichil Muknal , best known for its " Crystal Maiden " skeleton — a woman sacrificed here and left behind , her bones glistening with the limestone that cements her and many other sacrifices to the floor .
" They were likely war captives , captured and brought here to be killed on the spot , " Awe says .
" When things get hard , people take more extreme steps , " he proposes .
" Cave archaeology is one of those areas , like underwater archaeology , that holds a lot of promise for finding new things out , " says archaeologist Lisa Lucero of the University of Illinois , Champaign - Urbana , who also studies Maya sites in Belize .
" The ' drought cult ' study has received a lot of attention for just that reason , and deservedly so . "
" We are not arguing that drought was the sole reason for the Maya ' collapse ' , " Awe says .
He argues the ancient Maya culture was " already broken " by deforestation and related excesses when the lack of water piled more weight on the society of the time .
" It was a straw piled on the camel 's back . "
( I can't recommend the ATM cave tour highly enough to anyone in decent shape with a modestly - adventurous spirit , the experience feels like being allowed out of one of the boats at Disneyworld 's Pirates of the Caribbean ride to explore , without an ounce of fakery in play , a delightful experience and privileged glimpse of the Maya underworld . )
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Shared Libraries
This page provides an introduction to shared libraries in general and specifically how they are supported and implemented in GHC .
More detailed topics :
SharedLibraries / Management : how we organise and manage shared libs
SharedLibraries / PlatformSupport : status of shared lib support on various platforms
Commentary / PositionIndependentCode : how ghc - fPIC works
What shared libs are
Shared libraries ( sometimes called dynamic libraries ) are an alternative way of organising pre-compiled code compared to traditional static libraries .
The key difference is that with shared libs , linking programs against library functions takes place when the program is run rather than when the program is built and installed .
All modern operating systems use shared libs .
For system libraries they have a particular advantage .
They allow the library to be upgraded separately from the programs that use the libs .
However this requires preserving an ABI .
They also allow a single copy of code to be shared in memory between several programs that use it .
For common system libraries this can be a significant saving .
The three major shared libs systems
There are three systems in common use :
ELF ( Executable and Linkable Format ) is used on all modern Unix systems ( except MacOS X ) , in particular it is used on Linux , Solaris and the BSDs .
( Executable and Linkable Format ) is used on all modern Unix systems ( except MacOS X ) , in particular it is used on Linux , Solaris and the BSDs .
PE ( Portable Executable ) format is used on Windows .
( Portable Executable ) format is used on Windows .
Mach - O ( Mach object ) is the format used on Mac OS X .
On each system , the same format is used for executables , shared libraries and intermediate object files .
Each system uses their own file extension for shared libraries :
System executable extension shared library extension ELF ( no extension ) . so PE .exe .dll Mach - O ( no extension ) . dylib
Unfortunately , while static linking is relatively uncomplicated and similar between systems , shared libraries are implemented rather differently between different operating systems and pose somewhat of a management headache .
Background reading
An excellent technical introduction to ELF shared libraries is How To Write Shared Libraries by Ulrich Drepper ( author of glibc ) .
ELF " visibility " reading list :
http://gcc.gnu.org/wiki/Visibility
http://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc-4.3.3/gcc/Code-Gen-Options.html, see - fvisibility flag
flag http://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc-4.3.3/gcc/Function-Attributes.html, see visibility attribute
PE format introduction :
In particular these describe how dll import and export works .
Why we care about shared libraries
There are several reasons we care .
The greatest advantage is that it enables us to make plugins for other programs .
There are loads of examples of this , think of plugins for things like vim , gimp , postgres , apache .
On Windows if you want to make a COM or .NET component then it usually has to be as a shared library ( a .dll file ) .
Similar to plugins , shared libraries have become a common way of composing large systems .
Each shared library can be written in a different language .
Compared to static libraries , shared libraries are typically more self - contained .
The ability to produce nice self - contained shared libraries from Haskell code would simplify the integration of Haskell code into larger existing systems .
A somewhat superficial reason is that it makes your “ Hello World ” program much smaller because it does n’t have to include a complete copy of the runtime system and half of the base library .
It ’s true that in most circumstances disk space is cheap , but if you ’ve got some corporate shared storage that ’s replicated and meticulously backed - up and if each of your 100 “ small ” Haskell plugins is actually 10 MB big , then the disk space does not look quite so cheap .
Using shared libraries also makes things a bit easier for Haskell applications that want to do dynamic code loading .
For example GHCi itself currently has to load two copies of the base package , the one that is statically linked with and another copy that it loads dynamically .
With shared libraries it would just end up with another reference to the same copy of the single shared base library .
Shared libs also completely eliminates the need for the “ split objs ” hack that GHC uses to reduce the size of statically linked programs .
This should make our link times a bit quicker .
Note that we have not mentioned the two major advantages that shared libraries were originally developed for , namely saving memory at runtime ( when several programs use the same lib ) and making it possible to upgrade libraries without touching the programs that use them .
These advantages are more significant in core operating system libraries .
C code can be made to follow a stable ABI where as historically this has not been a priority in Haskell implementations ( though this may change ) .
Similarly , there are not too many systems yet where having multiple copies of the RTS and base libraries in memory at once is a significant problem .
Again , this may change if people choose to target memory - constrained systems .
TODO
More stuff to explain :
It might have something to do with the fact that Queen is one of my all - time favorite bands , but HOLY 3 - TIER CAKE , is this not the coolest wedding entourage ever !!?
Enjoy !!
Your Holiness ,
It was with great shock , sadness , and , yes , anger that I viewed the itinerary of your current trip to the Holy Land , a land beset by the unholiest of human actions .
I am very troubled and hugely disappointed that , as leader of the Catholic Church , you have chosen to ignore the people of Gaza , who , just three months ago , were being bombarded by land , sea , and air by the Israeli military .
Fourteen hundred of their loved ones , including over 400 children , were killed in that 22 day assault , killed without mercy by Jewish soldiers , supported by , in one Israeli survey , a “ whopping 94 percent ” of Jews in Israel .
Your Holiness , how can you justify this decision to bypass Gaza and its people ?
How can you reconcile not visiting a devastated people in a devastated land , living under a three year siege , while you are partaking in activities in Israel ?
You are scheduled to meet with Israel ’s two Chief Rabbis .
Will you also meet with Gaza ’s long - serving Catholic priest , Fr. Manuel Mussallam ?
What , I wonder , is the real purpose of your visit ?
Certainly it is not to offer comfort , love , and compassion to those that need it most .
If this were the reason , you would have stipulated that Gaza and its people be an integral part of your journey .
You would meet with the families , sympathize with the victims of Israeli bombs , missiles , tanks .
You would talk to the homeless .
You would offer the people of Gaza some much needed encouragement , a spiritual uplifting , perhaps , as they struggle through an economic hardship deliberately imposed by their oppressors .
You would meet with the duly elected Palestinian leaders , Hamas , the only social , economic , and resistance life line that the Palestinian people have ever had .
I have n’t seen anyone else helping them , and obviously you have no intentions of helping them either .
And that , to me , your Holiness , is truly unacceptable .
You are shunning the people who are most in need of help , most in need of comfort , most in need of love and support .
Can you not find it in your heart to walk amongst them , to reach out to them , to talk to them , to comfort them , to publicly pray for them ?
Is this not what Jesus would do ?
Would Jesus not speak out in the midst of so much pain and suffering ?
Are you not expected to display similar compassion and concern ?
To turn your back on Gaza and its people will be a moral catastrophe , one that will reverberate throughout the ages .
You will leave behind a legacy as the Pope who not only closed his eyes to a slow motion genocide being carried out against the Palestinian people , but also as the Pope who refused to even acknowledge the Palestinian people in Gaza during their time of great hardship .
I strongly urge you to reconsider your decision .
The faithful of the world are watching .
If , as we are told , there is a God , then he must be watching too .
The people of Gaza are waiting .
Please , let this be their “ miracle . ”
Sincerely ,
Angie Tibbs
Peninsula is allegedly the sequel to Train to Busan , but I 'm pretty sure they just misspelled The Fast and the Furious because while Train to Busan was n't ...
5 months ago
pymake news :
Bad news : pymake is still 5 x slower than GNU make on Linux / Mac .
Good news : pymake is 25 % faster than msys make ( GNU make on Windows ) !
Best news : there ’s a lot of room to make performance better .
All measurements are do - nothing depend builds .
Full rebuilds are n’t significantly affected because compiler speed overwhelms any time we spend in make .
Creating Windows processes is more expensive than creating processes on a unix - like operating system .
Creating MSYS processes is hugely more expensive .
Windows I/ O in general is slow compared to Linux , at least for typical build tasks .
Because pymake recurses in a single process , caches parsed makefiles such as rules.mk , and avoids many shell invocations , it can make up for slow parsing times by dramatically reducing time spent elsewhere .
How to use pymake on Windows
Do n’t use pymake with client.mk on Windows , yet .
pymake does n’t understand MSYS - style paths , which is what configure substitutes for @srcdir@ and @topsrcdir@ when using client.mk .
This will be fixed by the patches available from this bug tree .
Configuring manually is n’t hard : to build Firefox in c:/ builds , follow this recipe :
$ mkdir /c / builds $ hg clone http://hg.mozilla.org/mozilla-central
/c/builds/mozilla-central $ cd /c/builds/mozilla - central $ autoconf - 2.13 && ( cd js / src && autoconf - 2.13 ) $ mkdir ff - debug $ cd ff-debug $ export MAKE = ' python - O c:/builds/mozilla-central/build/pymake/make.py ' $ ../ configure --enable-application=browser --enable - debug --disable - optimize $ python - O ../build/pymake/make.py -j4
How to use pymake on Linux / Mac
Configure manually as above , or add the following flags to your mozconfig file :
export MAKE = " python - O $ topsrcdir/build/pymake/make.py " mk_add_options MAKE = " python -O @TOPSRCDIR@/build / pymake/make.py "
Soon on all platforms this will be as simple as mk_add_options MOZ_ENABLE_PYMAKE=1
Thank you !
Special thanks to Arpad Borsos who wrote tests and an implementation of – keep - going for pymake .
Next plans
Immediate future plans for pymake reduce the process count even further , especially for depend builds :
Currently every invocation of nsinstall is a separate process , and we invoke nsinstall even when all its install targets are up to date .
Simple tasks like this will instead be implemented as native python commands .
Ted implemented a branch to do this , but the current implementation blocks the only thread .
I think we ’re going to switch and use shared - nothing threads and message passing to parallelize before making this the default behavior .
Every time Mozilla processes a makefile the build system combines all the compiler - generated dependencies into a single .all.pp file using mddepend.pl : this allows developers to move or remove header files without breaking depend builds .
Running a perl script for every makefile invocation is silly , especially because all it does is parsing and rewrite makefile syntax .
I will have pymake read these dependency files directly and ignore missing files ( causing a rebuild without an error ) using a syntax includedeps $ ( INCLUDEFILES )
Longer - term work that would make pymake much more useful :
Build an object graph of the entire Mozilla tree recursively .
I think I know how to do this , although there will be some issues with how to deal with local versus global variables .
Warn and eventually force a more rigorous dependency graph : warn if a dependent file ‘ appears ’ without having a rule to create it .
Make parsing a lot faster using mx .
TextTools instead of native python regular expressions .
Keep the regular expressions as a slow path for developers who do n’t have TextTools installed .
Python Reference Cycles and Closures
While debugging pymake performance and memory usage I found an interesting fact , which in hind sight should have been obvious : functions which enclose themself in python create reference cycles which have to be cleaned up by the Python garbage collector :
def outerFunction ( outerCallback ) : targetsToBuild = [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] def innerCallback ( ) : if len( targetsToBuild ) : # innerCallback closes on itself ... this creates a reference cycle every time you call outerFunction # if you call outerFunction 100000 times per build , this can add up really quickly and cause large GC pauses targetsToBuild.pop ( 0 ) .build ( innerCallback ) else : outerCallback ( )
After finding this problem , I refactored ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) the pymake code to use objects instead of closures to save asynchronous state while rebuilding .
Also , OptionParser instances create cycles by default .
There is a lightly - documented method OptionParser .
destroy which can be used to manually break these cycles ( thanks to Ted for finding it ) .
pymake now runs without creating any reference cycles and I disabled the python garbage collector .
Environment Munging in MSYS
When MSYS goes from an MSYS process to a Windows process , and vice - versa , it munges certain environment variables to account for the path styles .
I previously thought that it only munged PATH , but I discovered today that I was wrong : MSYS was munging the MAKEFLAGS environment variable in odd ways .
If MAKEFLAGS in the MSYS process was ‘ - j1 — PATH=e:/builds/mozilla-central ’ it would be munged into ‘ - j1 — PATH=e;c:/mozilla-build/msys/builds/mozilla-central ’ in a non-MSYS process .
Without the leading space the value was not touched .
I do n’t know why this is , but I altered the pymake code slightly so that MAKEFLAGS would never start with a space ( and would be more compatible with gmake in the process ) .
Continued from A Scientific Approach to Science Education - Beliefs , Guided Thinking And Technology
I assign students to groups the first day of class ( typically three to four students in adjacent seats ) and design each lecture around a series of seven to 10 clicker questions that cover the key learning goals for that day .
The groups are told they must come to a consensus answer ( entered with their clickers ) and be prepared to offer reasons for their choice .
It is in these peer discussions that most students do the primary processing of the new ideas and problem - solving approaches .
The process of critiquing each other ’s ideas in order to arrive at a consensus also enormously improves both their ability to carry on scientific discourse and to test their own understanding .
Clickers also give valuable ( albeit often painful ) feedback to the instructor when they reveal , for example , that only 10 percent of the students understood what was just explained .
But they also provide feedback in less obvious ways .
By circulating through the classroom and listening in on the consensus - group discussions , I quickly learn which aspects of the topic confuse students and can then target those points in the follow - up discussion .
Perhaps even more important is the feedback provided to the students through the histograms and their own discussions .
They become much more invested in their own learning .
When using clickers and consensus groups , I have dramatically more substantive questions per class period — more students ask questions and the students represent a much broader distribution by ethnicity and gender — than when using the peer - instruction approach without clickers .
A third powerful educational technology is the sophisticated online interactive simulation .
This technique can be highly effective and takes less time to incorporate into instruction than more traditional materials .
My group has created and tested over 60 such simulations and made them available for free ( www.phet.colorado.edu).
We have explored their use in lecture and homework problems and as replacements for , or enhancements of , laboratories .
The “ circuit construction kit ” is a typical example of a simulation .
It allows one to build arbitrary circuits involving realistic - looking resistors , light bulbs ( which light up ) , wires , batteries , and switches and get a correct rendition of voltages and currents .
There are realistic volt and ammeters to measure circuit parameters .
The simulation also shows cartoonlike electrons moving around the circuit in appropriate paths , with velocities proportional to current .
We ’ve found this simulation to be a dramatic help to students in understanding the basic concepts of electric current and voltage , when substituted for an equivalent lab with real components .
Circuit Construction Kit. Courtesy : Physics Education Technology Project , University of Colorado
As with all good educational technology , the effectiveness of good simulations comes from the fact that their design is governed by research on how people learn , and the simulations are carefully tested to ensure they achieve the desired learning .
They can enhance the ability of a good instructor to portray how experts think when they see a real - life situation and provide an environment in which a student can learn by observing and exploring .
The power of a simulation is that these explorations can be carefully constrained , and what the student sees can be suitably enhanced to facilitate the desired learning .
Using these various effective pedagogical strategies , my group and many others have seen dramatic improvements in learning .
Comparison of Learning Results from Traditionally Taught Courses and Courses Using Research - Based Pedagogy
Institutional Change
We now have good data showing that traditional approaches to teaching science are not successful for a large proportion of our students , and we have a few research - based approaches that achieve much better learning .
The scientific approach to science teaching works , but how do we make this the norm for every teacher in every classroom , rather than just a set of experimental projects ?
This has been my primary focus for the past several years .
A necessary condition for changing college education is changing the teaching of science at the major research universities , because they set the norms that pervade the education system regarding how science is taught and what it means to “ learn ” science .
These departments produce most of the college teachers who then go on to teach science to the majority of college students , including future school teachers .
So we must start by changing the practices of those departments .
There are several major challenges to modifying how they educate their students .
First , in universities there is generally no connection between the incentives in the system and student learning .
A lot of people would say that this is because research universities and their faculty do n’t care about teaching or student learning .
I do n’t think that ’s true — many instructors care a great deal .
The real problem is that we have almost no authentic assessments of what students actually learn , so it is impossible to broadly measure that learning and hence impossible to connect it to resources and incentives .
We do have student evaluations of instructors , but these are primarily popularity contests and not measures of learning .
The second challenge is that while we know how to develop the necessary tools for assessing student learning in a practical , widespread way at the university level , carrying this out would require a significant investment .
Introducing effective research - based teaching in all college science courses — by , for instance , developing and testing pedagogically effective materials , supporting technology , and providing for faculty development — would also require resources .
But the budget for R&D and the implementation of improved educational methods at most universities is essentially zero .
More generally , there is not the political will on campus to take the steps required to bring about cultural change in organizations like science departments .
Our society faces both a demand for improved science education and exciting opportunities for meeting those demands .
Taking a more scholarly approach to education — that is , utilizing research on how the brain learns , carrying out careful research on what students are learning , and adjusting our instructional practices accordingly — has great promise .
Research clearly shows the failures of traditional methods and the superiority of some new approaches for most students .
However , it remains a challenge to insert into every college and university classroom these pedagogical approaches and a mindset that teaching should be pursued with the same rigorous standards of scholarship as scientific research .
Although I am reluctant to offer simple solutions for such a complex problem , perhaps the most effective first step will be to provide sufficient carrots and sticks to convince the faculty members within each department or program to come to a consensus as to their desired learning outcomes at each level ( course , program , etc. ) and to create rigorous means to measure the actual outcomes .
These learning outcomes cannot be vague generalities but rather should be the specific things they want students to be able to do that demonstrate the desired capabilities and mastery and hence can be measured in a relatively straightforward fashion .
The methods and instruments for assessing the outcomes must meet certain objective standards of rigor and also be collectively agreed upon and used in a consistent manner , as is done in scientific research .
Other articles in this series :
Why Not Try A Scientific Approach To Science Education ?
A Scientific Approach to Science Education - Research On Learning
A Scientific Approach to Science Education - Reducing Cognitive Load
A Scientific Approach to Science Education - Beliefs , Guided Thinking And Technology
REFERENCES:W. Adams et al. ( 2005 ) , Proceedings of the 2004 Physics Education Research Conference , J. Marx , P , Heron , S. Franklin , eds. , American Institute of Physics , Melville , NY , p. 45 .R. Hake ( 1998 ) , The American Journal of Physics .
66 , 64.D. Hammer ( 1997 ) , Cognition and Instruction .
15 , 485.D. Hestenes , M. Wells , G. Swackhammer ( 1992 ) , The Physics Teacher . 30 , 141.Z . Hrepic , D. Zollman , N. Rebello .
“ Comparing students ’ and experts ’ understanding of the content of a lecture , ” to be published in Journal of Science Education and Technology .
A pre-print is available at http://web.phys.ksu.edu/papers/2006/Hrepic_comparing.pdf
E. Mazur ( 1997 ) , Peer Instructions : A User ’s Manual , Prentice Hall , Upper Saddle River , NJ.G. Novak , E. Patterson , A. Gavrin , and W. Christian ( 1999 ) , Just - in - Time Teaching : Blending Active Learning with Web Technology , Prentice Hall , Upper Saddle River , NJ.K .
Perkins et al. ( 2005 ) , Proceedings of the 2004 Physics Education Research Conference , J. Marx , P. Heron , S. Franklin , eds. , American Institute of Physics , Melville , NY , p. 61.E. Redish ( 2003 ) , Teaching Physics with the Physics Suite , Wiley , Hoboken , NJ .
*****
Originally presented in Change magazine , September / October 2007 .
Labour 's most generous donors are to withdraw financial support worth millions of pounds and have called for the arrest of the party 's errant MPs in the wake of disastrous revelations about parliamentary expenses .
The disclosure is a further body blow to Gordon Brown 's advisers after 10 days of damaging disclosures .
Yesterday a second Labour backbencher , David Chaytor , was suspended from the party whip after admitting he claimed £ 13,000 for a mortgage he had already paid off , while a senior minister predicted that sitting MPs would be deselected in a purge of parliament .
A poll published today on the website PoliticsHome.com , and previewed exclusively by the Observer , shows that the scandal has driven more than a quarter of voters to change the party they support .
The main beneficiary is Ukip , followed by the British National Party and the Greens .
The Observer has spoken to 10 prominent donors and only one pledged to maintain financial support for the already heavily indebted party .
Anthony Bailey , the public relations " fixer " who introduced the £ 1 m donor Mahmoud Khayami and has given more than £ 72,000 himself , said that he would not be donating to Labour and would not encourage others to do so .
" The expenses stories are shameful .
Anyone who is thought to have broken the law should be investigated by the police immediately , " he said .
" I have no intention of giving a single penny to Labour at this time , and I cannot see how I could introduce any of my contacts either . "
Bailey , who claims to have raised £ 1.4 m for the party over the past two years , added : " I can see many other donors withdrawing their support . "
One of Labour 's most generous donors , who did not want to be named , but gave more than £ 500,000 under Tony Blair , said he plans not to give again .
" This week comes after a very bad year [ for Labour ] , and that ridiculous mess over the 50 % tax band .
Gordon Brown has not had much luck , but wo n't receive a donation from me . "
Moni Varma , the millionaire rice importer who has given nearly £ 30,000 , said he will no longer contribute .
" If this happened in business or any other walk of life it would lead to prosecution , " he said .
Asked if he was considering withdrawing support , he said : " Yes , I am disillusioned .
They are going downhill .
They were a good party for Britain , but now I do n't know . "
Sir Gulam Noon , the food tycoon who has donated more than £ 530,000 and was interviewed by police under caution before being cleared during the " cash for honours " affair , said that he was undecided about whether to donate again .
" I was interviewed by police for lending money , so those who take it from the public purse should certainly be interviewed .
There has been some outrageous behaviour from members of the Labour party , " he said .
Only Lord Paul , the industrialist and close friend of Gordon Brown , pledged to remain a financial supporter - but even he admitted that " all hell has broken loose " .
With up to a dozen
MPs now fighting for their political lives , a senior minister said some were clearly " irretrievable " .
" Public anger is so overwhelming that MPs even in safe seats are going to have to account for themselves to their local parties and to their public .
" Constituency parties will be looking at this and wondering whether they can win an election if their MP has been revealed to be behaving badly , " he told the Observer .
" If they come to the conclusion they can't [ win the election ] there will be MPs who will be deselected , no matter how senior . "
He spoke as the chairman of the Luton South Labour constituency association said it had asked its MP , Margaret Moran , to explain herself .
She billed the taxpayer for dry rot treatment at a house in Southampton .
The chairman , Mahmood Hussain , said : " In our judgment this is something which is very questionable . "
Labour 's ruling National Executive Committee will discuss plans this week for an emergency mechanism to deselect sitting MPs .
The Tory frontbencher Andrew MacKay , meanwhile faces an emergency meeting in his Bracknell constituency this week .
James Gray , who sought to claim the cost of Remembrance Day wreaths , is also considered vulnerable .
The PoliticsHome poll found that of the 27 % of voters now prepared to defect from their current party , 28 % will back Ukip , 16 % the BNP and 15 % the Greens .
More than eight in 10 voters wanted MPs caught abusing expenses deselected .
The poll showed 57 % of voters think David Cameron handled the scandal best , compared with 11 % saying Brown had .
A YouGov poll for the Greens is set to reveal this week that up to 34 % of Britons would now consider voting Green .
Mozilla Labs has announced a new project called Jetpack to provide an easy way for users and developers to enhance the Firefox web browser .
Jetpack is a lightweight extension system that makes it possible to build new Firefox features with HTML , JavaScript , and other conventional web technologies and , although it 's still at a relatively early stage of development , the project already delivers some extremely useful capabilities .
In this tutorial , we will look at what Jetpack has to offer , then show you how to use it to augment Firefox 's functionality .
The Firefox user interface is largely built with XUL , an XML - based user interface design language .
Much like regular web content , XUL user interface elements can be styled with CSS and manipulated with JavaScript through the browser Document Object Model ( DOM ) .
These characteristics are what enable Firefox to offer its powerful extension system .
Regular Firefox extensions primarily consist of XUL overlays and JavaScript code that modifies the browser 's behavior .
Many extensions use XPCOM , which provides a JavaScript interface to the underlying native code components of the browser .
XPCOM provides deep access to some of the browser 's most sophisticated functionality , but it can be arcane and difficult to use .
The Jetpack project is a higher - level extension system that abstracts away the complexities of XUL and the idiosyncrasies of XPCOM .
It allows web developers to use their knowledge of HTML and JavaScript , and it also offers a simpler deployment model that spares developers from the challenges of extension packaging .
Jetpack comes with its own set of standard JavaScript libraries , which include simple functions that provide easy access to native browser features .
This library is currently very limited and provides only a few features , but it will be extended as the project matures .
Jetpack also comes bundled with a version of the popular JQuery JavaScript library to simplify HTML manipulation .
The developers hope to eventually add support for importing additional third - party JavaScript libraries .
Jetpack is intended to complement Firefox 's existing extension system and is not a full replacement .
It is well - suited for minor additions and feature improvements , but its simplicity limits the extent to which it can reshape the browser .
For more complex enhancements , the conventional extension system will still be needed .
It 's helpful to think about Jetpack as being closely analogous to the Greasemonkey user scripting system but with an emphasis on modifying the browser rather than page content .
Use Jetpack to integrate Digg in Firefox
The Jetpack prototype is distributed as a Firefox extension , but it could eventually become a standard browser feature in the future .
To get started with Jetpack , install the extension by clicking the link on the project 's web site .
After installation ( and a browser restart ) , you can access Jetpack 's features by typing about : jetpack into your browser 's URL bar .
Next , click the Develop link to get to Jetpack 's built in development interface .
The Develop page houses a simple textbox in which you can input JavaScript code .
To run the code in Jetpack , simply click the " Try out this code " link that appears below the textbox .
This provides a quick and easy way to prototype new Jetback - based extensions .
The code will run directly in your current Firefox instance and will be active in other tabs and windows .
The content will also persist through a page refresh , so you can leave and come back to it without worrying about losing it .
One of the main user interface enhancement features supported in the Jetpack prototype is the ability to add new items to the Firefox statusbar .
In this article , I will show you how to add a Digg notifier to the statusbar .
It will use Digg 's web API to retrieve the Digg count for each page and display the number alongside a little Digg icon .
The number will be shown in red if the page 's Digg status is " popular , " and in green if it is " upcoming . "
This can be achieved by using the jetpack.statusbar.append method .
It will create an iframe in the statusbar that can be populated with any HTML content .
The method takes several parameters , including the HTML content , the desired width of the iframe , and an onReady function handler that will be executed when the statusbar item is created :
jetpack.statusBar.append({ html : ' Some arbitrary HTML ' , width : 55 , onReady : function ( doc ) { //
Code to execute when the statusbar item is created } } ) ;
The onReady handler is where you will put the code that dictates the behavior of the statusbar item .
The parameter that is passed to that function , which we call doc in the example above , is the HTML document of the statusbar item iframe .
In our Digg display , we want to update the Digg count every time a new page is loaded and every time that the user switches to a different tab .
To implement a custom behavior that will take place when a page loads , we will bind a callback to the jetpack .
tabs.
onReady event in the onReady handler .
In the following example , a popup notification will be displayed every time that a page finishes loading :
jetpack.statusBar.append({ html : '
This is a test ! ' , width : 200 , onReady : function ( doc ) { jetpack.tabs.onReady( function ( ) { jetpack.notifications.show
( " The page finished loading ! " ) ; } ) ; } } ) ;
The next step is to implement the function that will obtain the Digg data and update the text in the statusbar .
We will use JQuery for those tasks because it provides useful functions for handling JSON and manipulating HTML content .
function updateDiggs ( doc ) { url = jetpack.tabs.focused.contentWindow.location.href ; $.getJSON ( " http://services.digg.com/stories " , { " type " : " json " , " appkey " : " http://arstechnica.com " , " link " : url} , function ( data ) { if ( data.stories ) $ ( doc ) .find ( " #count " ) .text( data.stories[0].diggs ).css ( " color " , data.stories [ 0] . status == " popular " ? " red " : " green " ) else $ ( doc ) . find ( " #count " ) .
text ( " 0 " ) .css ( " color " , " black " ) ; } ) ; }
In the updateDiggs function , we use the Jetpack API to get the URL of the currently active page .
This URL is then passed as the link parameter in the Digg web API call which is executed with JQuery 's getJSON method .
In the getJSON callback , we check to see if the returned JSON data includes the stories attribute , which indicates whether the page has been submitted to Digg .
If it has , then the statusbar text is modified to display the number of Diggs and the text color is changed based on the item 's status .
If the current page has not been submitted to Digg , then the statusbar item text will be changed to show 0 .
The #count HTML element that is referenced in the function would be defined in the HTML string that gets passed into jetpack.statusBar.append .
The following code is the complete example :
jetpack.statusBar.append({ html : ' Digg ' , width : 55 , onReady : function ( doc ) { var url = jetpack.tabs.focused.contentWindow.location.href ; function updateDiggs ( ) { if ( url != jetpack.tabs.focused.contentWindow.location.href ) { url = jetpack.tabs.focused.contentWindow.location.href ; console.log( url ) ; $.getJSON ( " http://services.digg.com/stories " , { " type " : " json " , " appkey " : " http://arstechnica.com " , " link " : url} , function ( data ) { console.log ( data ) ; if ( data.stories ) $ ( doc ) .find ( " #count " ) .text( data.stories[0].diggs ).css ( " color " , data.stories [ 0] . status == " popular " ? " red " : " green " ) else $ ( doc ) . find ( " #count " ) .
text ( " 0 " ) .css ( " color " , " black " ) ; } ) ; } } jetpack.tabs.onReady(updateDiggs ) ; setInterval ( updateDiggs , 5000 ) ; } } ) ;
In the complete example , we bind the updateDiggs call to the onReady function and also to a setInterval function , which will perform the action repeatedly at the specified time interval .
Jetpack unfortunately does n't allow us to bind to a tab change event , so we use the interval as a workaround .
The updateDiggs function checks to see if the URL is the same as it was during the last update and will only retrieve Digg data if it detects that the URL has changed .
This prevents it from doing the full update at every interval .
Testing and deploying a Jetpack feature
You can run your code in the about : jetpack environment for testing purposes .
If your code contains bugs , you can see them in Firefox 's JavaScript error console , which is available from the Tools menu .
You can also use Firebug to debug Jetpack code .
To make the Jetpack feature available to end users , you can take advantage of the Jetpack installation system .
Save your script in a file on a web server and then make an HTML page that references it in a link element in the header :
JetPack Installation Test page
When a Jetpack user visits the page , he will see a bar along the top that invites him to install the script .
Clicking on the Install button will cause Jetpack to display a warning message that asks the user to confirm installation .
Unlike conventional Firefox extensions , Jetpack scripts are installed immediately and do not require users to restart their browsers .
Users can manage and remove Jetpack scripts by clicking the " Installed Features " link in the about : jetpack environment .
Conclusion
There are many other Jetpack features that were not addressed in this article .
It is possible , for example , to modify page content with a Jetpack script .
In the Jetpack API , the jetpack.tabs.focused.contentDocument attribute will give you the page DOM , which you can easily manipulate with JQuery .
The developers behind Jetpack are working on integrating support for Jetpack script development into Bespin , Mozilla 's innovative browser - based development environment .
The prospect of interactively extending the browser through a browser - based editing environment is very compelling — it 's like a modern web adaptation of the underlying principles behind the programmable Emacs editor .
It 's a major contribution to the ongoing transformation of Firefox from a browser into a platform .
The Jetpack prototype is still incomplete , but it shows promise and could be extremely powerful when the developers extend it to support a broader number of user interface enhancements , such as menu and toolbar customization .
The health of our skin — one of the body 's first lines of defense against illness and injury — depends upon the delicate balance between our own cells and the millions of bacteria and other one - celled microbes that live on its surface .
To better understand this balance , National Institutes of Health researchers have set out to explore the skin 's microbiome , which is all of the DNA , or genomes , of all of the microbes that inhabit human skin .
Their initial analysis , published today in the journal Science , reveals that our skin is home to a much wider array of bacteria than previously thought .
The study also shows that at least among healthy people , the greatest influence on bacterial diversity appears to be body location .
For example , the bacteria that live under your arms likely are more similar to those under another person's arm than they are to the bacteria that live on your forearm .
" Our work has laid an essential foundation for researchers who are working to develop new and better strategies for treating and preventing skin diseases , " said Julia A. Segre , Ph.D. , of the National Human Genome Research Institute ( NHGRI ) , who was the study 's senior author .
" The data generated by our study are freely available to scientists around the world .
We hope this will speed efforts to understand the complex genetic and environmental factors involved in eczema , psoriasis , acne , antibiotic - resistant infections and many other disorders affecting the skin . "
Drawing on the power of modern DNA sequencing technology and computational analysis , the research team from NHGRI , the National Cancer Institute ( NCI ) and the NIH Clinical Center uncovered a far more diverse collection of microbes on human skin than had been detected by traditional methods that involved growing microbial samples in the laboratory .
The NIH study involved taking skin samples from 20 sites on the bodies of 10 healthy volunteers .
" We selected skin sites predisposed to certain dermatological disorders in which microbes have long been thought to play a role in disease activity , " said study coauthor Maria L. Turner , M.D. , senior clinician in NCI 's Dermatology Branch .
The researchers extracted DNA from each sample and sequenced the 16S ribosomal RNA genes , which are a type of gene that is specific to bacteria .
The researchers identified more than 112,000 bacterial gene sequences , which they then classified and compared .
The analysis detected bacteria belonging to 19 different phyla and 205 different genera , with diversity at the species level being much greater than expected .
To gauge how much the skin microbiome differs among healthy people , the researchers studied many different parameters .
They found considerable variation in the number of bacteria species at different sites , with the most diversity being seen on the forearm ( 44 species on average ) and the least diversity behind the ear ( 19 species on average ) .
The research also generated information that may prove useful in efforts to combat the growing problem of methicillin - resistant Staphylococcus aureus ( MRSA ) , a bacterium that can cause serious , even life - threatening , infections .
While it is known that a significant proportion of people have colonies of S. aureus inside their noses , the NIH team checked to see where else on the body surface that these bacteria thrive .
They found that the crease of skin outside the nose is the site with the microbial community most similar to that found inside the nose .
" Not only does our work shed new light on understanding an important aspect of skin biology , it provides yet another example of how genomic approaches can be applied to study important problems in biomedical research , " said NHGRI 's Scientific Director Eric D. Green , M.D. , Ph.D. , who is a co-author of the study .
" This also demonstrates what can be achieved through efforts that pull together researchers from across NIH . "
NIH recently launched the Human Microbiome Project , a part of the NIH Roadmap for Medical Research , to discover what microbial communities exist in different parts of the human body and to explore how these communities change with disease .
In addition to skin and nose , that project is sampling the digestive tract , the mouth and the vagina .
The skin sites selected for the Science study represent three microenvironments : oily , moist and dry .
The oily sites included between the eyebrows , beside the nose , inside the ear , back of the scalp , and upper chest and back .
Moist areas were inside the nose , armpit , inner elbow , webbed area between the middle and ring fingers , side of the groin , top fold of the buttocks , behind the knee , bottom of the foot and the navel .
Dry areas included the inside surface of the mid-forearm , the palm of the hand and the buttock .
Researchers found that dry and moist skin had a broader variety of microbes than did oily skin .
Oily skin contained the most uniform mix of microbes .
To look for changes that may occur in the skin microbiome over time , the researchers sampled some volunteers twice , with the samples being taken about four to six months apart .
Most of the re-sampled volunteers were more like themselves over time than they were like other volunteers .
However , the stability of the microbial community was dependent on the site surveyed .
The greatest stability was found in samples from inside the ear and nose , and the least stability was found in samples from behind the knee .
" Our results underscore that skin is home to vibrant communities of microbial life , which may significantly influence our health , " said the study 's first author , Elizabeth Grice , Ph.D. , who is a postdoctoral fellow at NHGRI .
Source : NIH / National Human Genome Research Institute
I guess because I run a highly ranked blog ( that does not specialize in cars ... )
Ford decided I would be a good person to test drive a Lincoln MKS for a week .
To give them credit they did not ask me to write about it , nor did they ask me about my cars or opinions about cars in general .
I 've been avoiding writing about my experience because ... well I knew it would be a long post and include more than a cursory review of the car .
The car they gave me was LOADED .
The base price was $ 37,665 , but the one I got was $ 45,255 .
It had all the optional equipment ...
The ultimate package ( nav , double sunroof , etc...etc..etc...oh and THX audio ) .
But first of course you need my history ... because without it the review would not be much use to anyone .
My first car was a Chrysler 1985 LeBaron GTS ( Turbo ) .
It was loaded for its day which meant that the Turbo was just OK and it had an onboard computer that kept track of all the stats of my gas and mileage etc ... it was cool for 1985 .
It was a nice red color and I have to say that one thing that Chrysler knows how to do is paint a car - it looked new until the day I sold it .
Now back to reality - the paint job was the best part of the car by leaps and bounds .
Every part of the Chrysler broke in the 4 - 5 years I owned it - multiple times .
I 'm not exaggerating ... every part .
The automatic window track would break every week on both sides .
I had them fixed over 10 times and eventually gave up and never opened them .
The radio had to be replaced several times .
The AC stopped working just in time for the windows to break in the up position .
The steering had a problem multiple times .
Even the open and close containers to hold my stuff would break .
I had my radiator re-dipped twice because of leaks ( which did n't seem to help ) .
Then one day I was driving down the street and the bolt that held the drivers seat broke and I found myself in the back seat trying to stop the car without killing myself .
To say that EVERY part broke on this car is a gross under - exaggeration .
I cannot remember every single thing but if you name a part on the car it had problems .
Oh , and it burned oil so I had to constantly re-fill it .
Yes it was under warranty ... but it spent a HUGE amount of time at the dealers and they were totally unable to fix anything permanently .
Not to mention they were rude and just plain did n't care .
I had one episode where the engine was sputtering constantly and dying at lights and I took it in and they could not re-produce the problem .
After taking it in for the third time I left it running and got the manager outside ( while the car was running ) and we yelled at each other about it until of course the car decided to make my point for me .
The final straw was the grey smoke that filled a courtyard from the tailpipe .
It was out of warranty and that point and I took it to a service station who could n’t tell me why it happened but it had stopped ... so I took it as quickly as I could and traded it in to Ford for a new Ford Probe .
Before I get to the Probe let me just say that my 5 year experience with Chrysler was so terrible that I will NEVER buy a Chrysler again .
If they offered me one for free I 'd take it and sell it .
The horrible car plus the completely bad customer experience was such that they lost me for life .
I do n't care if they are someday ranked number one ( unlikely considering the recent bankruptcy ) I will never buy one again .
I got the Ford Probe because I was still a student and had only so much money - but I wanted something sportier than the LeBaron .
My experience with the Ford Probe was not as bad as with Chrysler .
It did n't break all the time - but when it did I do have to say that I had a similar customer experience - they just sucked and did n't care .
The dealerships were filthy and old and the people there were glassy eyed and just went about their day .
The Probe was an OK car for about 4 years and then things started to break that were expensive and it started making noises that Ford could n’t fix ( buzzing , vibrating ... basically the car was made out of plastic molding ) .
I can't recall if I was engaged or married at the time but we decided to upgrade to a foreign car at this point .
I sold the Probe and moved up to my first foreign car - the Lexus ES300 .
Yes it was the low end model - but it was fantastic .
The only fault we found in our entire time with the car was the two tone color on the outside ( grey on the bottom white everywhere else ... yuck ) .
The car never had any major problems and spent little time at the shop .
When we did go to the dealer we were treated like gold .
They took us into a nice room and asked us what was wrong and made sure they had it completely correct .
Then before giving the car back the service manager would drive it and make sure the problem was solved .
The dealership was clean and comfortable and everyone there could n't have been more helpful .
It was like I had entered paradise after being stuck on an island called American cars for my entire life .
( and they washed it every time )
Eventually we added our second car and it was the Lexus RX300 ( which was my car - my wife kept the ES300 ) .
I LOVED it and Lexus continued with their great service and the car never had a problem .
Of course as you can expect after my experiences with cars at this point THERE WAS NO WAY IN HELL I WAS EVERY GOING TO BUY AN AMERICAN CAR AGAIN IN MY LIFE .
Well , then something happened that made me give up my beloved Lexus RX300 ... children were born - twins .
So suddenly I woke up one day to find baby seats in the back of my RX300 ... ( seriously - I had no idea it was coming ) and I found out it was no longer mine ... my wife had taken it over .
This worked out OK though ... because I was nearing 40 years old and there was no way I was taking her two tone car after all this time ... so I traded her car in and bought the car I always wanted when I was a teenager ... which by luck had JUST come out ... the Nissan350Z Roadster .
I went there and bought it the first week they were out - I think I got one of the first 200 in the US ... a beautiful sunset colored convertible that rocked .
My experience with Nissan was similarly very good .
There were some problems with the car because it was a new model .
The soft roof had to be replaced and some other minor things had to be fixed .. but they did it all at their cost and gave me a car to drive while it was being fixed .
The service was excellent and after that the car gave me no problems .
I loved it .
I kept this car for about 4 - 5 years and did n't dream of replacing it .
Of course being a man I really had no idea of what it meant to have twins ... no less a girl and a boy ... it meant that when they reached 4 - 5 years old we needed two cars that could handle them ... and my Z was a two seater that could n't handle a child .
This meant I had to sell my Z and get a sedan ( gasp ! ) .
Oh , and I forgot - my wife had traded the RX300 in fairly quickly to get a Toyota Minivan , so we had the Toyota for almost 4 years at the time .
The minivan was a great car for kids and we never had any serious problems with it .
When there was a problem it was fixed .
We still own it and it 's still humming along like it will last forever .
Back to my problem .
I had to pick a sedan that I wanted but I did n't want to spend a ton on one .
I ended up doing a TON of research and found that I loved the look of the Nissan Altima ( post 2007 model ) .
There was a problem though - I wanted the car loaded - I wanted the 3.5 v6 engine that my Z had , the Nav , the Sports Package , and the sound system ... basically every option that I could have .
To get that new would have cost me about32 k and I had sold the Z for about 23 k .
What was I to do ?
Well I did something brand new to me and looked for a USED Altima with those specs .
It took me a long time looking through EBAY , Craigslist , AutoTrader and every other possible place .
Oh and it had to be black ... Now the problem is that 90 % of all Altima 's are 2.5 V4's .
That left me with a VERY hard project to get ALL of the options plus BLACK and have the 3.5V6 .
Well I got lucky and found one in New Orleans with just 13,000 miles on it ( 2007 ) and owned by the son of an Acura dealer ( so it was taken care of ) .
I got it for about 23 k and now have had it for two years and I LOVE it .
It 's not as fast as my Z of course because it weighs more and is n't made to be a sports car - but its close .
It 's all leather , NAV , Sports , Bose Stereo , etc ...
I was very happy needless to say .
And I had the same good experience when I had to take it to the dealer ( which was totally rare because the car had already been broken in ) .
I have to say that I am completely satisfied with the Altima and it 's sitting outside my window as we speak .
So out of nowhere I get this email offering to let me test drive either some boxy new minivan or the high end Lincoln MKS ... so I picked the latter .
My wife and I both made it our main car for the five days they gave us .
We put the booster seats in it and both drove it for the entire 5 days .
My wife ’s first impression was that it drove like butter .
It was very smooth in turning and it took bumps and railroad tracks like they were n't there .
However after driving it for a few days problems became apparent .
The back window is very small - my wife says as small as my 350 Z ( very small ) .
Further everything on the inside of the car is thick - including seat belts which made it hard to view back and to the side .
The car was designed very poorly for viewing traffic .
Other thing was that when the car was turned off it did n’t require that it be in park ... which once let the car drift back until my wife realized what was going on ... another safety issue .
The turning radius of the car was horrible .
But she did like the car .
By chance both the Lincoln MKS and my Altima were nearly clones as far as features went .
Both were black with the same exact features including NAV etc ... so it was like comparing two very similar cars .
The difference was that the Lincoln was MUCH heavier and made up for it with a slightly bigger engine than my Altima .
Ever the doors felt heavy in the Lincoln .
It was n't a bad car ... but I had a 23 k Altima that was perfect and I was test driving a Lincoln MKS for 45 k that was very very similar .
In the end I decided that it came down mostly to looks .
My Altima looks terrific from front to back .
The Lincoln looks great from the front but the back is the typical huge grill that every Lincoln has - and it 's completely ugly .
For some reason American carmakers seem to think that they must make all of their cars look like their " brand " .
However who are they marketing this Lincoln MKS to ?
40 year olds like me or 60 year olds who might like the grill ...
Based on the features I 'd say they want people like me so why the old man look ?
Of course there were a few more things about the Lincoln I must mention .
Of course the engine had some serious kick to make up for the weight of the car .
If I stuck it in my Altima I might even be able to beat my Z .
The other thing that I 'd take from the Lincoln and put in my Altima was the sound system .
They had a THX sound system .
When I got in the car and saw THX I thought to myself - how stupid - THX is a movie sound system and this is a car .
I still think that and that they are just using THX as a marketing device ... but when Pink Floyd came on and I felt my entire backside rumble I decided that yes I 'd swap out my sound system for this one .
Oh , and one last thing that is somewhat major in my book – the NAV system .
For those who do n't have a NAV system it 's usually integrated with the sound system and all the other electronics .
My Altima 's NAV is great and placed perfectly in my car so I can press the screen for everything .
The Lincolns was high up and under it had real buttons to press that were completely unnecessary .
I could n't fathom why they would put the NAV screen so high up to make room for those buttons ... and then I figured it out ... down below there was a little emblem ...
" By Microsoft " .
Well that did it for me - all I need is the Blue Screen Of Death in a car !
My god what a scary thing to see in a car .
Oh also this car had TWO sunroofs - one for the front and one for the back ... why ?
WHY ?
Who really uses a sunroof and who needs two ?
My conclusion is that like my Chrysler the Lincoln threw in a bunch of WOW features like THX , double sunroofs , a NAV system and then ignored what 's most important - the overall appearance of the car , the visibility when driving , the comfort of the seats ( I preferred my Altima seats ) , oh and by the way - my Altima could fit three boosters in the back seat while the Lincoln could only fit two .
I found that my Altima was designed to death to work for the customer from every angle - from my cup holders to everything else the Altima rocks .
The Lincoln tried to be flashy but failed in most other regards .
Being heavier it took railroad tracks and bumps smoother .
It was quieter in the inside while driving .... all weight issues .
And then there is as far as I 'm concerned one thing they will never get someone who reviews a car for a few days ... service .
It 's an American car and my experience with American car companies is that their service sucks the big one .
We 've been bailing out our American Car Companies every 10 years because they simply do n't get it .
Here we are again with our car companies being partially bailed out .
Do you ever see Foreign car company needing money from a government to exist ?
We need a huge overhaul of American Car companies - fire the execs , hire some young people to do design and forget the stupid branding - just make a good car .
We can have Toyota making cars IN THE US , and they are better than our cars ... why ?
It 's the company , not the workers who build the cars .
Until this happens and I see press about how great an American car is and how terrific the service is ...
I will remain one of those Americans who say " never again " .
This is a jewel of a web app .
I may sound a little over zealous here but its primarily due to the fact that I ’ve been scouring my brain over recent weeks for a unique name for a small project I ’m working on , but to no avail , i’m still struggling .
Within about 10 minutes of using wordoid , I ’d found the ‘ perfect ’ name and I ’m delighted with it ( no , I ’m not sharing it here just yet :])
So how does wordoid make the magic happen ?
Well , it gives you a number of awesome options to make finding that brand ./ product / URL a breeze .
Firstly , you can select from English , Spanish , French and Italian languages .
Secondly , you can select whether you ’d like the word results to be completely random or based on a specific selection of letters placed at the start , middle or end .
Finally , you can also choose whether you ’d like the word to look natural , almost natural or hardly natural – a wonderful little feature .
“ I ’d like an example ” , you say ?
Well , lets say I ’m looking for a word to include the word ‘ zee ’ for a new site all about me .
I select the language , English , I then select the fact that I ’d like the ‘ wordoid ’ to include zee somewhere in there and , finally , I ’d like it to look almost natural .
Wordoid then does a quick search and in seconds produces page after pages of potentials , along with the uniqueness of the word and its .com availability .
Marvellous , do n’t you think ?
This is bound to give brand naming companies a run for their money .
My one minor gripe with the product is it took me a few moments to establish where the search button was .
After completing the form to the right of the page , you have to divert your eyes to the top left to actually search .
Aside from that and a curiosity regarding its business model , it ’s a wonderfully powerful little app .
Give it a try yourself , hours of fun .
Read next : Google Suggest Humour .
Full text of " Christopher Columbus and the New World of His Discovery - Volume 7 "
Project Gutenberg 's Christopher Columbus , Volume 7 , by Filson Young
This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever .
You may copy it , give it away or re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net Title : Christopher Columbus , Volume 7 And The New World Of His Discovery , A Narrative Author : Filson Young Release Date : December 5 , 2004 [ EBook # 4114 ]
Language : English Character set encoding : ASCII *** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK CHRISTOPHER COLUMBUS , VOLUME 7 *** Produced by David Widger CHRISTOPHER COLUMBUS AND THE NEW WORLD OF HIS DISCOVERY A NARRATIVE BY FILSON YOUNG Volume 7 TOWARDS THE SUNSET CHAPTER I DEGRADATION
The first things seen by Francisco de Bobadilla when he entered the harbour of San Domingo on the morning of the 23rd of August 1500 were the bodies of several Spaniards , hanging from a gibbet near the water - side -- a grim confirmation of what he had heard about the troubled state of the island .
While he was waiting for the tide so that he might enter the harbour a boat put off from shore to ascertain who was on board the caravels ; and it was thus informally that Bobadilla first announced that he had come to examine into the state of the island .
Columbus was not at San Domingo , but was occupied in settling the affairs of the Vega Real ; Bartholomew also was absent , stamping out the last smouldering embers of rebellion in Xaragua ; and only James was in command to deal with this awkward situation .
Bobadilla did not go ashore the first day , but remained on board his ship receiving the visits of various discontented colonists who , getting early wind of the purpose of his visit , lost no time in currying favour with him , Probably he heard enough that first day to have damned the administration of a dozen islands ; but also we must allow him some interest in the wonderful and strange sights that he was seeing ; for Espanola , which has perhaps grown wearisome to us , was new to him .
He had brought with him an armed body - guard of twenty - five men , and in the other caravel were the returned slaves , babies and all , under the charge of six friars .
On the day following his arrival Bobadilla landed and heard mass in state , afterwards reading out his commission to the assembled people .
Evidently he had received a shocking impression of the state of affairs in the island ; that is the only explanation of the action suddenly taken by him , for his first public act was to demand from James the release of all the prisoners in the fortress , in order that they and their accusers should appear before him .
James is in a difficulty ; and , mule - like , since he does not know which way to turn , stands stock still .
He can do nothing , he says , without the Admiral 's consent .
The next day Bobadilla , again hearing mass in state , causes further documents to be read showing that a still greater degree of power had been entrusted to his hands .
Mule - like , James still stands stock still ; the greatest power on earth known to him is his eldest brother , and he will not , positively dare not , be moved by anything less than that .
He refuses to give up the prisoners on any grounds whatsoever , and Bobadilla has to take the fortress by assault -- an easy enough matter since the resistance is but formal .
The next act of Bobadilla 's is not quite so easy to understand .
He quartered himself in Columbus 's house ; that perhaps was reasonable enough since there may not have been another house in the settlement fit to receive him ; but he also , we are told , took possession of all his papers , public and private , and also seized the Admiral 's store of money and began to pay his debts with it for him , greatly to the satisfaction of San Domingo .
There is an element of the comic in this interpretation of a commissioner 's powers ; and it seemed as though he meant to wind up the whole Columbus business , lock , stock , and barrel .
It would not be in accordance with our modern ideas of honour that a man 's private papers should be seized unless he were suspected of treachery or some criminal act ; but apparently Bobadilla regarded it as necessary .
We must remember that although he had only heard one side of the case it was evidently so positive , and the fruits of misgovernment were there so visibly before his eyes , that no amount of evidence in favour of Columbus would make him change his mind as to his fitness to govern .
Poor James , witnessing these things and unable to do anything to prevent them , finds himself suddenly relieved from the tension of the situation .
Since inaction is his note , he shall be indulged in it ; and he is clapped in irons and cast into prison .
James can hardly believe the evidence of his senses .
He has been studying theology lately , it appears , with a view to entering the Church and perhaps being some day made Bishop of Espanola , but this new turn of affairs looks as though there were to be an end of all careers for him , military and ecclesiastical alike .
Christopher at Fort Concepcion had early news of the arrival of Bobadilla , but in the hazy state of his mind he did not regard it as an event of sufficient importance to make his immediate presence at San Domingo advisable .
The name of Bobadilla conveyed nothing to him ; and when he heard that he had come to investigate , he thought that he came to set right some disputed questions between the Admiral and other navigators as to the right of visiting Espanola and the Paria coast .
As the days went on , however , he heard more disquieting rumours ; grew at last uneasy , and moved to a fort nearer San Domingo in case it should be necessary for him to go there .
An officer met him on the road bearing the proclamations issued by Bobadilla , but not the message from the Sovereigns requiring the Admiral 's obedience to the commissioner .
Columbus wrote to the commissioner a curious letter , which is not preserved , in which he sought to gain time ; excusing himself from responsibility for the condition of the island , and assuring Bobadilla that , as he intended to return to Spain almost immediately , he ( Bobadilla ) would have ample opportunity for exercising his command in his absence .
He also wrote to the Franciscan friars who had accompanied Bobadilla asking them to use their influence -- the Admiral having some vague connection with the Franciscan order since his days at La Rabida .
No reply came to any of these letters , and Columbus sent word that he still regarded his authority as paramount in the island .
For reply to this he received the Sovereigns ' message to him which we have seen , commanding him to put himself under the direction of Bobadilla .
There was no mistaking this ; there was the order in plain words ; and with I know not what sinkings of heart Columbus at last set out for San Domingo .
Bobadilla had expected resistance , but the Admiral , whatever his faults , knew how to behave with , dignity in a humiliating position ; and he came into the city unattended on August 23 , 1500 .
On the outskirts of the town he was met by Bobadilla 's guards , arrested , put in chains , and lodged in the fortress , the tower of which exists to this day .
He seemed to himself to be the victim of a particularly petty and galling kind of treachery , for it was his own cook , a man called Espinoza , who riveted his gyves upon him .
There remained Bartholomew to be dealt with , and he , being at large and in command of the army , might not have proved such an easy conquest , but that Christopher , at Bobadilla 's request , wrote and advised him to submit to arrest without any resistance .
Whether Bartholomew acquiesced or not is uncertain ; what is certain is that he also was captured and placed in irons , and imprisoned on one of the caravels .
James in one caravel , Bartholomew in another , and Christopher in the fortress , and all in chains -- this is what it has come to with the three sons of old Domenico .
The trial was now begun , if trial that can be called which takes place in the absence of the culprit or his representative .
It was rather the hearing of charges against Christopher and his brothers ; and we may be sure that every discontented feeling in the island found voice and was formulated into some incriminating charge .
Columbus was accused of oppressing the Spanish settlers by making them work at harsh and unnecessary labour ; of cutting down their allowance of food , and restricting their liberty ; of punishing them cruelly and unduly ; of waging wars unjustly with the natives ; of interfering with the conversion of the natives by hastily collecting them and sending them home as slaves ; of having secreted treasures which should have been delivered to the Sovereigns -- this last charge , like some of the others , true .
He had an accumulation of pearls of which he had given no account to Fonseca , and the possession of which he excused by the queer statement that he was waiting to announce it until he could match it with an equal amount of gold !
He was accused of hating the Spaniards , who were represented as having risen in the late rebellion in order to protect the natives and avenge their own wrongs -- , and generally of having abused his office in order to enrich his own family and gratify his own feelings .
Bobadilla appeared to believe all these charges ; or perhaps he recognised their nature , and yet saw that there was a sufficient degree of truth in them to disqualify the Admiral in his position as Viceroy .
In all these affairs his right - hand man was Roldan , whose loyalty to Columbus , as we foresaw , had been short - lived .
Roldan collects evidence ; Roldan knows where he can lay his hands on this witness ; Roldan produces this and that proof ; Roldan is here , there , and everywhere -- never had Bobadilla found such a useful , obliging man as Roldan .
With his help Bobadilla soon collected a sufficient weight of evidence to justify in his own mind his sending Columbus home to Spain , and remaining himself in command of the island .
The caravels having been made ready , and all the evidence drawn up and documented , it only remained to embark the prisoners and despatch them to Spain .
Columbus , sitting in his dungeon , suffering from gout and ophthalmic as well as from misery and humiliation , had heard no news ; but he had heard the shouting of the people in the streets , the beating of drums and blowing of horns , and his own name and that of his brothers uttered in derision ; and he made sure that he was going to be executed .
Alonso de Villegio , a nephew of Bishop Fonseca's , had been appointed to take charge of the ships returning to Spain ; and when he came into the prison the Admiral thought his last hour had come .
" Villegio , " he asked sadly , " where are you taking me ? "
" I am taking you to the ship , your Excellency , to embark , " replied the other .
" To embark ? " repeated the Admiral incredulously .
" Villegio ! are you speaking the truth ? "
" By the life of your Excellency what I say is true , " was the reply , and the news came with a wave of relief to the panic - stricken heart of the Admiral .
In the middle of October the caravels sailed from San Domingo , and the last sounds heard by Columbus from the land of his discovery were the hoots and jeers and curses hurled after him by the treacherous , triumphant rabble on the shore .
Villegio treated him and his brothers with as much kindness as possible , and offered , when they had got well clear of Espanola , to take off the Admiral 's chains .
But Columbus , with a fine counterstroke of picturesque dignity , refused to have them removed .
Already , perhaps , he had realised that his subjection to this cruel and quite unnecessary indignity would be one of the strongest things in his favour when he got to Spain , and he decided to suffer as much of it as he could .
" My Sovereigns commanded me to submit to what Bobadilla should order .
By his authority I wear these chains , and I shall continue to wear them until they are removed by order of the Sovereigns ; and I will keep them afterwards as reminders of the reward I have received for my services . "
Thus the Admiral , beginning to pick up his spirits again , and to feel the better for the sea air .
The voyage home was a favourable one and in the course of it Columbus wrote the following letter to a friend of his at Court , Dona Juana de la Torre , who had been nurse to Prince Juan and was known by him to be a favourite of the Queen : " MOST VIRTUOUS LADY , -- Though my complaint of the world is new , its habit of ill - using is very ancient .
I have had a thousand struggles with it , and have thus far withstood them all , but now neither arms nor counsels avail me , and it cruelly keeps me under water .
Hope in the Creator of all men sustains me :
His help was always very ready ; on another occasion , and not long ago , when I was still more overwhelmed , He raised me with His right arm , saying , ' O man of little faith , arise : it is I ; be not afraid . '
" I came with so much cordial affection to serve these Princes , and have served them with such service , as has never been heard of or seen .
" Of the new heaven and earth which our Lord made , when Saint John was writing the Apocalypse , after what was spoken by the mouth of Isaiah , He made me the messenger , and showed me where it lay .
In all men there was disbelief , but to the Queen , my Lady , He gave the spirit of understanding , and great courage , and made her heiress of all , as a dear and much loved daughter .
I went to take possession of all this in her royal name .
They sought to make amends to her for the ignorance they had all shown by passing over their little knowledge and talking of obstacles and expenses .
Her Highness , on the other hand , approved of it , and supported it as far as she was able .
" Seven years passed in discussion and nine in execution .
During this time very remarkable and noteworthy things occurred whereof no idea at all had been formed .
I have arrived at , and am in , such a condition that there is no person so vile but thinks he may insult me : he shall be reckoned in the world as valour itself who is courageous enough not to consent to it .
" If I were to steal the Indies or the land which lies towards them , of which I am now speaking , from the altar of Saint Peter , and give them to the Moors , they could not show greater enmity towards me in Spain .
Who would believe such a thing where there was always so much magnanimity ?
" I should have much desired to free myself from this affair had it been honourable towards my Queen to do so .
The support of our Lord and of her Highness made me persevere : and to alleviate in some measure the sorrows which death had caused her , I undertook a fresh voyage to the new heaven and earth which up to that time had remained hidden ; and if it is not held there in esteem like the other voyages to the Indies , that is no wonder , because it came to be looked upon as my work .
" The Holy Spirit inflamed Saint Peter and twelve others with him , and they all contended here below , and their toils and hardships were many , but last of all they gained the victory .
" This voyage to Paria I thought would somewhat appease them on account of the pearls , and of the discovery of gold in Espanola .
I ordered the pearls to be collected and fished for by people with whom an arrangement was made that I should return for them , and , as I understood , they were to be measured by the bushel .
If I did not write about this to their Highnesses , it was because I wished to have first of all done the same thing with the gold .
" The result to me in this has been the same as in many other things ; I should not have lost them nor my honour , if I had sought my own advantage , and had allowed Espanola to be ruined , or if my privileges and contracts had been observed .
And I say just the same about the gold which I had then collected , and [ for ] which with such great afflictions and toils I have , by divine power , almost perfected [ the arrangements ] .
" When I went from Paria I found almost half the people from Espanola in revolt , and they have waged war against me until now , as against a Moor ; and the Indians on the other side grievously [ harassed me ] .
At this time Hojeda arrived and tried to put the finishing stroke : he said that their Highnesses had sent him with promises of gifts , franchises and pay : he gathered together a great band , for in the whole of Espanola there are very few save vagabonds , and not one with wife and children .
This Hojeda gave me great trouble ; he was obliged to depart , and left word that he would soon return with more ships and people , and that he had left the Royal person of the Queen , our Lady , at the point of death .
Then Vincente Yanez arrived with four caravels ; there was disturbance and mistrust but no mischief : the Indians talked of many others at the Cannibals [ Caribbee Islands ] and in Paria ; and afterwards spread the news of six other caravels , which were brought by a brother of the Alcalde , but it was with malicious intent .
This occurred at the very last , when the hope that their Highnesses would ever send any ships to the Indies was almost abandoned , nor did we expect them ; and it was commonly reported that her Highness was dead .
" A certain Adrian about this time endeavoured to rise in rebellion again , as he had done previously , but our Lord did not permit his evil purpose to succeed .
I had purposed in myself never to touch a hair of anybody 's head , but I lament to say that with this man , owing to his ingratitude , it was not possible to keep that resolve as I had intended : I should not have done less to my brother , if he had sought to kill me , and steal the dominion which my King and Queen had given me in trust .
" This Adrian , as it appears , had sent Don Ferdinand to Xaragua to collect some of his followers , and there a dispute arose with the Alcalde from which a deadly contest ensued , and he [ Adrian ] did not effect his purpose .
The Alcalde seized him and a part of his band , and the fact was that he would have executed them if I had not prevented it ; they were kept prisoners awaiting a caravel in which they might depart .
The news of Hojeda which I told them made them lose the hope that he would now come again .
" For six months I had been prepared to return to their Highnesses with the good news of the gold , and to escape from governing a dissolute people Who fear neither God nor their King and Queen , being full of vices and wickedness .
" I could have paid the people in full with six hundred thousand , and for this purpose I had four millions of tenths and somewhat more , besides the third of the gold .
" Before my departure I many times begged their Highnesses to send there , at my expense , some one to take charge of the administration of justice ; and after finding the Alcalde in arms I renewed my supplications to have either some troops or at least some servant of theirs with letters patent ; for my reputation is such that even if I build churches and hospitals , they will always be called dens of thieves .
" They did indeed make provision at last , but it was the very contrary of what the matter demanded : it may be successful , since it was according to their good pleasure .
" I was there for two years without being able to gain a decree of favour for myself or for those who went there , yet this man brought a coffer full : whether they will all redound to their [ Highnesses ] service , God knows .
Indeed , to begin with , there are exemptions for twenty years , which is a man 's lifetime ; and gold is collected to such an extent that there was one person who became worth five marks in four hours ; whereof I will speak more fully later on .
" If it would please their Highnesses to remove the grounds of a common saying of those who know my labours , that the calumny of the people has done me more harm than much service and the maintenance of their [ Highnesses ] property and dominion has done me good , it would be a charity , and I should be re-established in my honour , and it would be talked about all over the world : for the undertaking is of such a nature that it must daily become more famous and in higher esteem .
" When the Commander Bobadilla came to Santo Domingo , I was at La Vega , and the Adelantado at Xaragua , where that Adrian had made a stand , but then all was quiet , and the land rich and all men at peace .
On the second day after his arrival , he created himself Governor , and appointed officers and made executions , and proclaimed immunities of gold and tenths and in general of everything else for twenty years , which is a man 's lifetime , and that he came to pay everybody in full up to that day , even though they had not rendered service ; and he publicly gave notice that , as for me , he had charge to send me in irons , and my brothers likewise , as he has done , and that I should nevermore return thither , nor any other of my family : alleging a thousand disgraceful and discourteous things about me .
All this took place on the second day after his arrival , as I have said , and while I was absent at a distance , without my knowing either of him or of his arrival .
" Some letters of their Highnesses signed in blank , of which he brought a number , he filled up and sent to the Alcalde and to his company with favours and commendations : to me he never sent either letter or messenger , nor has he done so to this day .
Imagine what any one holding my office would think when one who endeavoured to rob their Highnesses , and who has done so much evil and mischief , is honoured and favoured , while he who maintained it at such risks is degraded .
" When I heard this I thought that this affair would be like that of Hojeda or one of the others , but I restrained myself when I learnt for certain from the friars that their Highnesses had sent him .
I wrote to him that his arrival was welcome , and that I was prepared to go to the Court and had sold all I possessed by auction ; and that with respect to the immunities he should not be hasty , for both that matter and the government I would hand over to him immediately as smooth as my palm .
And I wrote to the same effect to the friars , but neither he nor they gave me any answer .
On the contrary , he put himself in a warlike attitude , and compelled all who went there to take an oath to him as Governor ; and they told me that it was for twenty years .
" Directly I knew of those immunities , I thought that I would repair such a great error and that he would be pleased , for he gave them without the need or occasion necessary in so vast a matter : and he gave to vagabond people what would have been excessive for a man who had brought wife and children .
So I announced by word and letters that he could not use his patents because mine were those in force ; and I showed them the immunities which John Aguado brought .
" All this was done by me in order to gain time , so that their Highnesses might be informed of the condition of the country , and that they might have an opportunity of issuing fresh commands as to what would best promote their service in that respect .
" It is useless to publish such immunities in the Indies : to the settlers who have taken up residence it is a pure gain , for the best lands are given to them , and at a low valuation they will be worth two - hundred thousand at the end of the four years when the period of residence is ended , without their digging a spadeful in them .
I would not speak thus if the settlers were married , but there are not six among them all who are not on the look - out to gather what they can and depart speedily .
It would be a good thing if they should go from Castile , and also if it were known who and what they are , and if the country could be settled with honest people .
" I had agreed with those settlers that they should pay the third of the gold , and the tenths , and this at their own request ; and they received it as a great favour from their Highnesses .
I reproved them when I heard that they ceased to do this , and hoped that the Commander would do likewise , and he did the contrary .
" He incensed them against me by saying that I wanted to deprive them of what their Highnesses had given them ; and he endeavoured to set them at variance with me , and did so ; and he induced them to write to their Highnesses that they should never again send me back to the government , and I likewise make the same supplication to them for myself and for my whole family , as long as there are not different inhabitants .
And he together with them ordered inquisitions concerning me for wickednesses the like whereof were never known in hell .
Our Lord , who rescued Daniel and the three children , is present with the same wisdom and power as He had then , and with the same means , if it should please Him and be in accordance with His will .
" I should know how to remedy all this , and the rest of what has been said and has taken place since I have been in the Indies , if my disposition would allow me to seek my own advantage , and if it seemed honourable to me to do so , but the maintenance of justice and the extension of the dominion of her Highness has hitherto kept me down .
Now that so much gold is found , a dispute arises as to which brings more profit , whether to go about robbing or to go to the mines .
A hundred castellanos are as easily obtained for a woman as for a farm , and it is very general , and there are plenty of dealers who go about looking for girls : those from nine to ten are now in demand , and for all ages a good price must be paid .
" I assert that the violence of the calumny of turbulent persons has injured me more than my services have profited me ; which is a bad example for the present and for the future .
I take my oath that a number of men have gone to the Indies who did not deserve water in the sight of God and of the world ; and now they are returning thither , and leave is granted them .
" I assert that when I declared that the Commander could not grant immunities , I did what he desired , although I told him that it was to cause delay until their Highnesses should , receive information from the country , and should command anew what might be for their service .
" He excited their enmity against me , and he seems , from what took place and from his behaviour , to have come as my enemy and as a very vehement one ; or else the report is true that he has spent much to obtain this employment .
I do not know more about it than what I hear .
I never heard of an inquisitor gathering rebels together and accepting them , and others devoid of credit and unworthy of it , as witnesses against their Governor .
" If their Highnesses were to make a general inquisition there , I assure you that they would look upon it as a great wonder that the island does not founder .
" I think your Ladyship will remember that when , after losing my sails , I was driven into Lisbon by a tempest , I was falsely accused of having gone there to the King in order to give him the Indies .
Their Highnesses afterwards learned the contrary , and that it was entirely malicious .
" Although I may know but little , I do not think any one considers me so stupid as not to know that even if the Indies were mine I could not uphold myself without the help of some Prince .
" If this be so , where could I find better support and security than in the King and Queen , our Lords , who have raised me from nothing to such great honour , and are the most exalted Princes of the world on sea and on land , and who consider that I have rendered them service , and who preserve to me my privileges and rewards : and if any one infringes them , their Highnesses increase them still more , as was seen in the case of John Aguado ; and they order great honour to be conferred upon me , and , as I have already said , their Highnesses have received service from me , and keep my sons in their household ; all which could by no means happen with another prince , for where there is no affection , everything else fails .
" I have now spoken thus in reply to a malicious slander , but against my will , as it is a thing which should not recur to memory even in dreams ; for the Commander Bobadilla maliciously seeks in this way to set his own conduct and actions in a brighter light ; but I shall easily show him that his small knowledge and great cowardice , together with his inordinate cupidity , have caused him to fail therein .
" I have already said that I wrote to him and to the friars , and immediately set out , as I told him , almost alone , because all the people were with the Adelantado , and likewise in order to prevent suspicion on his part .
When he heard this , he seized Don Diego and sent him on board a caravel loaded with irons , and did the same to me upon my arrival , and afterwards to the Adelantado when he came ; nor did I speak to him any more , nor to this day has he allowed any one to speak to me ; and I take my oath that I cannot understand why I am made a prisoner .
" He made it his first business to seize the gold , which he did without measuring or weighing it and in my absence ; he said that he wanted it to pay the people , and according to what I hear he assigned the chief part to himself and sent fresh exchangers for the exchanges .
Of this gold I had put aside certain specimens , very big lumps , like the eggs of geese , hens , and pullets , and of many other shapes , which some persons had collected in a short space of time , in order that their Highnesses might be gladdened , and might comprehend the business upon seeing a quantity of large stones full of gold .
This collection was the first to be given away , with malicious intent , so that their Highnesses should not hold the matter in any account until he has feathered his nest , which he is in great haste to do .
Gold which is for melting diminishes at the fire : some chains which would weigh about twenty marks have never been seen again .
" I have been more distressed about this matter of the gold than even about the pearls , because I have not brought it to her Highness .
" The Commander at once set to work upon anything which he thought would injure me .
I have already said that with six hundred thousand I could pay every one without defrauding anybody , and that I had more than four millions of tenths and constabulary [ dues ] without touching the gold .
He made some free gifts which are ridiculous , though I believe that he began by assigning the chief part to himself .
Their Highnesses will find it out when they order an account to be obtained from him , especially if I should be present thereat .
He does nothing but reiterate that a large sum is owing , and it is what I have said , and even less .
I have been much distressed that there should be sent concerning me an inquisitor who is aware that if the inquisition which he returns is very grave he will remain in possession of the government .
" Would that it had pleased our Lord that their Highnesses had sent him or some one else two years ago , for I know that I should now be free from scandal and infamy , and that my honour would not be taken from me , nor should I lose it .
God is just , and will make known the why and the wherefore .
" They judge me over there as they would a governor who had gone to Sicily , or to a city or town placed under regular government , and where the laws can be observed in their entirety without fear of ruining everything ; and I am greatly injured thereby .
" I ought to be judged as a captain who went from Spain to the Indies to conquer a numerous and warlike people , whose customs and religion are very contrary to ours ; who live in rocks and mountains , without fixed settlements , and not like ourselves : and where , by the Divine Will , I have placed under the dominion of the King and Queen , our Sovereigns , a second world , through which Spain , which was reckoned a poor country , has become the richest .
" I ought to be judged as a captain who for such a long time up to this day has borne arms without laying them aside for an hour , and by gentlemen adventurers and by custom , and not by letters , unless they were from Greeks or Romans or others of modern times of whom there are so many and such noble examples in Spain ; or otherwise I receive great injury , because in the Indies there is neither town nor settlement .
" The gate to the gold and pearls is now open , and plenty of everything -- precious stones , spices and a thousand other things -- may be surely expected , and never could a worse misfortune befall me : for by the name of our Lord the first voyage would yield them just as much as would the traffic of Arabia Felix as far as Mecca , as I wrote to their Highnesses by Antonio de Tomes in my reply respecting the repartition of the sea and land with the Portuguese ; and afterwards it would equal that of Calicut , as I told them and put in writing at the monastery of the Mejorada .
" The news of the gold that I said I would give is , that on the day of the Nativity , while I was much tormented , being harassed by wicked Christians and by Indians , and when I was on the point of giving up everything , and if possible escaping from life , our Lord miraculously comforted me and said , ' Fear not violence , I will provide for all things : the seven years of the term of the gold have not elapsed , and in that and in everything else I will afford thee a remedy . '
" On that day I learned that there were eighty leagues of land with mines at every point thereof .
The opinion now is that it is all one .
Some have collected a hundred and twenty castellanos in one day , and others ninety , and even the number of two hundred and fifty has been reached .
From fifty to seventy , and in many more cases from fifteen to fifty , is considered a good day 's work , and many carry it on .
The usual quantity is from six to twelve , and any one obtaining less than this is not satisfied .
It seems to me that these mines are like others , and do not yield equally every day .
The mines are new , and so are the workers : it is the opinion of everybody that even if all Castile were to go there , every individual , however inexpert he might be , would not obtain less than one or two castellanos daily , and now it is only commencing .
It is true that they keep Indians , but the business is in the hands of the Christians .
Behold what discernment Bobadilla had , when he gave up everything for nothing , and four millions of tenths , without any reason or even being requested , and without first notifying it to their Highnesses .
And this is not the only loss .
" I know that my errors have not been committed with the intention of doing evil , and I believe that their Highnesses regard the matter just as I state it : and I know and see that they deal mercifully even with those who maliciously act to their disservice .
I believe and consider it very certain that their clemency will be both greater and more abundant towards me , for I fell therein through ignorance and the force of circumstances , as they will know fully hereafter ; and I indeed am their creature , and they will look upon my services , and will acknowledge day by day that they are much profited .
They will place everything in the balance , even as Holy Scripture tells us good and evil will be at the day of judgment .
" If , however , they command that another person do judge me , which I cannot believe , and that it be by inquisition in the Indies , I very humbly beseech them to send thither two conscientious and honourable persons at my expense , who I believe will easily , now that gold is discovered , find five marks in four hours .
In either case it is needful for them to provide for this matter .
" The Commander on his arrival at San Domingo took up his abode in my house , and just as he found it so he appropriated everything to himself .
Well and good ; perhaps he was in want of it .
A pirate never acted thus towards a merchant .
About my papers I have a greater grievance , for he has so completely deprived me of them that I have never been able to obtain a single one from him ; and those that would have been most useful in my exculpation are precisely those which he has kept most concealed .
Behold the just and honest inquisitor !
Whatever he may have done , they tell me that there has been an end to justice , except in an arbitrary form .
God , our Lord , is present with His strength and wisdom , as of old , and always punishes in the end , especially ingratitude and injuries . "
We must keep in mind the circumstances in which this letter was written if we are to judge it and the writer wisely .
It is a sad example of querulous complaint , in which everything but the writer 's personal point of view is ignored .
No one indeed is more terrible in this world than the Man with a Grievance .
How rarely will human nature in such circumstances retire into the stronghold of silence !
Columbus is asking for pity ; but as we read his letter we incline to pity him on grounds quite different from those which he represented .
He complains that the people he was sent to govern have waged war against him as against a Moor ; he complains of Ojeda and of Vincenti Yanez Pinzon ; of Adrian de Moxeca , and of every other person whom it was his business to govern and hold in restraint .
He complains of the colonists -- the very people , some of them , whom he himself took and impressed from the gaols and purlieus of Cadiz ; and then he mingles pious talk about Saint Peter and Daniel in the den of lions with notes on the current price of little girls and big lumps of gold like the eggs of geese , hens , and pullets .
He complains that he is judged as a man would be judged who had been sent out to govern a ready - made colony , and represents instead that he went out to conquer a numerous and warlike people " whose custom and religion are very contrary to ours , and who lived in rocks and mountains " ; forgetting that when it suited him for different purposes he described the natives as so peaceable and unwarlike that a thousand of them would not stand against one Christian , and that in any case he was sent out to create a constitution and not merely to administer one .
Very sore indeed is Christopher as he reveals himself in this letter , appealing now to his correspondent , now to the King and Queen , now to that God who is always on the side of the complainant .
" God our Lord is present with His strength and wisdom , as of old , and always punishes in the end , especially ingratitude and injuries . "
Not boastfulness and weakness , let us hope , or our poor Admiral will come off badly .
CHAPTER II CRISIS IN THE ADMIRAL'S LIFE Columbus was not far wrong in his estimate of the effect likely to be produced by his manacles , and when the ships of Villegio arrived at Cadiz in October , the spectacle of an Admiral in chains produced a degree of commiseration which must have exceeded his highest hopes .
He was now in his fiftieth year and of an extremely venerable appearance , his kindling eye looking forth from under brows of white , his hair and beard snow - white , his face lined and spiritualised with suffering and sorrow .
It must be remembered that before the Spanish people he had always appeared in more or less state .
They had not that intimacy with him , an intimacy which perhaps brought contempt , which the people in Espanola enjoyed ; and in Spain , therefore , the contrast between his former grandeur and this condition of shame and degradation was the more striking .
It was a fact that the people of Spain could not neglect .
It touched their sense of the dramatic and picturesque , touched their hearts also perhaps -- hearts quick to burn , quick to forget .
They had forgotten him before , now they burned with indignation at the picture of this venerable and much - suffering man arriving in disgrace .
His letter to Dofia Juana , hastily despatched by him , probably through the office of some friendly soul on board , immediately on his arrival at Cadiz , was the first news from the ship received by the King and Queen , and naturally it caused them a shock of surprise .
It was followed by the despatches from Bobadilla and by a letter from the Alcalde of Cadiz announcing that Columbus and his brothers were in his custody awaiting the royal orders .
Perhaps Ferdinand and Isabella had already repented their drastic action and had entertained some misgivings as to its results ; but it is more probable that they had put it out of their heads altogether , and that their hasty action now was prompted as much by the shock of being recalled to a consciousness of the troubled state of affairs in the New World as by any real regret for what they had done .
Moreover they had sent out Bobadilla to quiet things down ; and the first result of it was that Spain was ringing with the scandal of the Admiral 's treatment .
In that Spanish world , unsteadfast and unstable , when one end of the see - saw was up the other must be down ; and it was Columbus who now found himself high up in the heavens of favour , and Bobadilla who was seated in the dust .
Equipoise any kind was apparently a thing impossible ; if one man was right the other man must be wrong ; no excuses for Bobadilla ; every excuse for the Admiral .
The first official act , therefore , was an order for the immediate release of the Admiral and his brothers , followed by an invitation for him to proceed without delay to the Court at Granada , and an order for the immediate payment to him of the sum of 2000 ducats [ perhaps $ 250,000 in the year 2000 D.W. ] this last no ungenerous gift to a Viceroy whose pearl accounts were in something less than order .
Perhaps Columbus had cherished the idea of appearing dramatically before the very Court in his rags and chains ; but the cordiality of their letter as well as the gift of money made this impossible .
Instead , not being a man to do things by halves , he equipped himself in his richest and most splendid garments , got together the requisite number of squires and pages , and duly presented himself at Granada in his full dignity .
The meeting was an affecting one , touched with a humanity which has survived the intervening centuries , as a touch of true humanity will when details of mere parade and etiquette have long perished .
Perhaps the Admiral , inspired with a deep sense of his wrongs , meant to preserve a very stiff and cold demeanour at the beginning of this interview ; but when he looked into the kind eyes of Isabella and saw them suffused with tears at the thought of his sorrows all his dignity broke down ; the tears came to his own eyes , and he wept there naturally like a child .
Ferdinand looking on kind but uncomfortable ; Isabella unaffectedly touched and weeping ; the Admiral , in spite of his scarlet cloak and golden collar and jewelled sword , in spite of equerries , squires , pages and attendants , sobbing on his knees like a child or an old man - these were the scenes and kindly emotions of this historic moment .
The tears were staunched by kindly royal words and handkerchiefs supplied by attendant pages ; sobbings breaking out again , but on the whole soon quieted ; King and Queen raising the gouty Christopher from his knees , filling the air with kind words of sympathy , praise , and encouragement ; the lonely worn heart , somewhat arid of late , and parched from want of human sympathy , much refreshed by this dew of kindness .
The Admiral was soon himself again , and he would not have been himself if upon recovering he had not launched out into what some historians call a " lofty and dignified vindication of his loyalty and zeal . "
No one , indeed , is better than the Admiral at such lofty and dignified vindications .
He goes into the whole matter and sets forth an account of affairs at Espanola from his own point of view ; and can even ( so high is the thermometer of favour ) safely indulge in a little judicious self - depreciation , saying that if he has erred it has not been from want of zeal but from want of experience in dealing with the kind of material he has been set to govern .
All this is very human , natural , and understandable ; product of that warm emotional atmosphere , bedewed with tears , in which the Admiral finds himself ; and it is not long before the King and Queen , also moved to it by the emotional temperature , are expressing their unbroken and unbounded confidence in him and repudiating the acts of Bobadilla , which they declare to have been contrary to their instructions ; undertaking also that he shall be immediately dismissed from his post .
Poor Bobadilla is not here in the warm emotional atmosphere ; he had his turn of it six months ago , when no powers were too high or too delicate to be entrusted to him ; he is out in the cold at the other end of the see-saw , which has let him down to the ground with a somewhat sudden thump .
Columbus , relying on the influence of these emotions , made bold to ask that his property in the island should be restored to him , which was immediately granted ; and also to request that he should be reinstated in his office of Viceroy and allowed to return at once in triumph to Espanola .
But emotions are unstable things ; they present a yielding surface which will give to any extent , but which , when it has hardened again after the tears have evaporated , is often found to be in much the same condition as before .
At first promises were made that the whole matter should be fully gone into ; but when it came to cold fact , Ferdinand was obliged to recognise that this whole business of discovery and colonisation had become a very different thing to what it had been when Columbus was the only discoverer ; and he was obviously of opinion that , as Columbus 's office had once been conveniently withdrawn from him , it would only be disastrous to reinstate him in it .
Of course he did not say so at once ; but reasons were given for judicious delay in the Admiral 's reappointment .
It was represented to him that the colony , being in an extremely unsettled state , should be given a short period of rest , and also that it would be as well for him to wait until the people who had given him so much trouble in the island could be quietly and gradually removed .
Two years was the time mentioned as suitable for an interregnum , and it is probable that it was the intention of Isabella , although not of Ferdinand , to restore Columbus to his office at the end of that time .
In the meantime it became necessary to appoint some one to supersede Bobadilla ; for the news that arrived periodically from Espanola during the year showed that he had entirely failed in his task of reducing the island to order .
For the wholesome if unequal rigours of Columbus Bobadilla had substituted laxness and indulgence , with the result that the whole colony was rapidly reduced to a state of the wildest disorder .
Vice and cruelty were rampant ; in fact the barbarities practised upon the natives were so scandalous that even Spanish opinion , which was never very sympathetic to heathen suffering , was thoroughly shocked and alarmed .
The Sovereigns therefore appointed Nicholas de Ovando to go out and take over the command , with instructions to use very drastic means for bringing the colony to order .
How he did it we shall presently see ; in the meantime all that was known of him ( the man not having been tried yet ) was that he was a poor knight of Calatrava , a man respected in royal circles for the performance of minor official duties , but no very popular favourite ; honest according to his lights -- lights turned rather low and dim , as was often the case in those days .
A narrow - minded man also , without sympathy or imagination , capable of cruelty ; a tough , stiff - necked stock of a man , fit to deal with Bobadilla perhaps , but hardly fit to deal with the colony .
Spain in those days was not a nursery of administration .
Of all the people who were sent out successively to govern Espanola and supersede one another , the only one who really seems to have had the necessary natural ability , had he but been given the power , was Bartholomew Columbus ; but unfortunately things were in such a state that the very name of Columbus was enough to bar a man from acceptance as a governor of Espanola .
It was not for any lack of powers and equipment that this procession of governors failed in their duties .
We have seen with what authority Bobadilia had been entrusted ; and Ovando had even greater advantages .
The instructions he received showed that the needs of the new colonies were understood by Ferdinand and Isabella , if by no one else .
Ovando was not merely appointed Governor of Espanola but of the whole of the new territory discovered in the west , his seat of government being San Domingo .
He was given the necessary free hand in the matters of punishment , confiscation , and allotment of lands .
He was to revoke the orders which had been made by Bobadilla reducing the proportion of gold payable to the Crown , and was empowered to take over one - third of the .
gold that was stored on the island , and one - half of what might be found in the future .
The Crown was to have a monopoly of all trade , and ordinary supplies were only to be procured through the Crown agent .
On the other hand , the natives were to be released from slavery , and although forced to work in the mines , were to be paid for their labour -- a distinction which in the working out did not produce much difference .
A body of Franciscan monks accompanied Ovando for the purpose of tackling the religious question with the necessary energy ; and every regulation that the kind heart of Isabella could think of was made for the happiness and contentment of the Indians .
Unhappily the real mischief had already been done .
The natives , who had never been accustomed to hard and regular work under the conditions of commerce and greed , but had only toiled for the satisfaction of their own simple wants , were suffering cruelly under the hard labour in the mines , and the severe driving of their Spanish masters .
Under these unnatural conditions the native population was rapidly dying off , and there was some likelihood that there would soon be a scarcity of native labour .
These were the circumstances in which the idea of importing black African labour to the New World was first conceived - - a plan which was destined to have results so tremendous that we have probably not yet seen their full and ghastly development .
There were a great number of African negro slaves at that time in Spain ; a whole generation of them had been born in slavery in Spain itself ; and this generation was bodily imported to Espanola to relieve and assist the native labour .
These preparations were not made all at once ; and it was more than a year after the return of Columbus before Ovando was ready to sail .
In the meantime Columbus was living in Granada , and looking on with no very satisfied eye at the plans which were being made to supersede him , and about which he was probably not very much consulted ; feeling very sore indeed , and dividing his attention between the nursing of his grievances and other even less wholesome occupations .
There was any amount of smiling kindness for him at Court , but very little of the satisfaction that his vanity and ambition craved ; and in the absence of practical employment he fell back on visionary speculations .
He made great friends at this time with a monk named Gaspar Gorricio , with whose assistance he began to make some kind of a study of such utterances of the Prophets and the Fathers as he conceived to have a bearing on his own career .
Columbus was in fact in a very queer way at this time ; and what with his readings and his meditatings and his grievances , and his visits to his monkish friend in the convent of Las Cuevas , he fell into a kind of intellectual stupor , of which the work called ' Libro de las Profecias , ' or Book of the Prophecies , in which he wrote down such considerations as occurred to him in his stupor , was the result .
The manuscript of this work is in existence , although no human being has ever ventured to reprint the whole of it ; and we would willingly abstain from mentioning it here if it were not an undeniable act of Columbus 's life .
The Admiral , fallen into theological stupor , puts down certain figures upon paper ; discovers that St. Augustine said that the world would only last for 7000 years ; finds that some other genius had calculated that before the birth of Christ it had existed for 5343 years and 318 days ; adds 1501 years from the birth of Christ to his own time ; adds up , and finds that the total is 6844 years ; subtracts , and discovers that this earthly globe can only last 155 years longer .
He remembers also that , still according to the Prophets , certain things must happen before the end of the world ; Holy Sepulchre restored to Christianity , heathen converted , second coming of Christ ; and decides that he himself is the man appointed by God and promised by the Prophets to perform these works .
Good Heavens !
in what an entirely dark and sordid stupor is our Christopher now sunk -- a veritable slough and quag of stupor out of which , if he does not manage to flounder himself , no human hand can pull him .
But amid his wallowings in this slough of stupor , when all else , in him had been well - nigh submerged by it , two dim lights were preserved towards which , although foundered up to the chin , he began to struggle ; and by superhuman efforts did at last extricate himself from the theological stupor and get himself blown clean again by the salt winds before he died .
One light was his religion ; not to be confounded with theological stupor , but quite separate from it in my belief ; a certain steadfast and consuming faith in a Power that could see and understand and guide him to the accomplishment of his purpose .
This faith had been too often a good friend and help to Christopher for him to forget it very long , even while he was staggering in the quag with Isaiah , Jeremiah , and the Fathers ; and gradually , as I say , he worked himself out into the region of activity again .
First , thinking it a pity that his flounderings in the slough should be entirely wasted , he had a copy of his precious theological work made and presented it to the Sovereigns , with a letter urging them ( since he himself was unable to do it ) to undertake a crusade for the recovery of the Holy Sepulchre - - not an altogether wild proposal in those days .
But Ferdinand had other uses for his men and his money , and contented himself with despatching Peter Martyr on a pacific mission to the Grand Soldan of Egypt .
The other light left unquenched in Columbus led him back to the firm ground of maritime enterprise ; he began to long for the sea again , and for a chance of doing something to restore his reputation .
An infinitely better and more wholesome frame of mind this ; by all means let him mend his reputation by achievement , instead of by writing books in a theological trance or stupor , and attempting to prove that he was chosen by the Almighty .
He now addressed himself to the better task of getting himself chosen by men to do something which should raise him again in their esteem .
His maritime ambition was no doubt stimulated at this time by witnessing the departure of Ovando , in February 1502 , with a fleet of thirty - five ships and a company of 2500 people .
It was not in the Admiral 's nature to look on without envy at an equipment the like of which he himself had never been provided with , and he did not restrain his sarcasms at its pomp and grandeur , nor at the ease with which men could follow a road which had once been pointed out to them .
Ovando had a great body - guard such as Columbus had never had ; and he also carried with him a great number of picked married men with their families , all with knowledge of some trade or craft , whose presence in the colony would be a guarantee of permanence and steadiness .
He perhaps remembered his own crowd of ruffians and gaol - birds , and realised the bitterness of his own mistakes .
It was a very painful moment for him , and he was only partially reconciled to it by the issue of a royal order to Ovando under which he was required to see to the restoration of the Admiral 's property .
If it had been devoted to public purposes it was to be repaid him from the royal funds ; but if it had been merely distributed among the colonists Bobadilla was to be made responsible for it .
The Admiral was also allowed to send out an agent to represent him and look after his interests ; and he appointed Alonso de Carvajal to this office .
Ovando once gone , the Admiral could turn again to his own affairs .
It is true there were rumours that the whole fleet had perished , for it encountered a gale very soon after leaving Cadiz , and a great quantity of the deck hamper was thrown overboard and was washed on the shores of Spain ; and the Sovereigns were so bitterly distressed that , as it is said , they shut them selves up for eight days .
News eventually came , however , that only one ship had been lost and that the rest had proceeded safely to San Domingo .
Columbus , much recovered in body and mind , now began to apply for a fleet for himself .
He had heard of the discovery by the Portuguese of the southern route to India ; no doubt he had heard also much gossip of the results of the many private voyages of discovery that were sailing from Spain at this time ; and he began to think seriously about his own discoveries and the way in which they might best be extended .
He thought much of his voyage to the west of Trinidad and of the strange pent - up seas and currents that he had discovered there .
He remembered the continual westward trend of the current , and how all the islands in that sea had their greatest length east and west , as though their shores had been worn into that shape by the constant flowing of the current ; and it was not an unnatural conclusion for him to suppose that there was a channel far to the west through which these seas poured and which would lead him to the Golden Chersonesus .
He put away from him that nightmare madness that he transacted on the coast of Cuba .
He knew very well that he had not yet found the Golden Chersonesus and the road to India ; but he became convinced that the western current would lead him there if only he followed it long enough .
There was nothing insane about this theory ; it was in fact a very well - observed and well - reasoned argument ; and the fact that it happened to be entirely wrong is no reflection on the Admiral 's judgment .
The great Atlantic currents at that time had not been studied ; and how could he know that the western stream of water was the northern half of a great ocean current which sweeps through the Caribbean Sea , into and round the Gulf of Mexico , and flows out northward past Florida in the Gulf Stream ?
His applications for a fleet were favourably received by the King and Queen , but much frowned upon by certain high officials of the Court .
They were beginning to regard Columbus as a dangerous adventurer who , although he happened to have discovered the western islands , had brought the Spanish colony there to a dreadful state of disorder ; and had also , they alleged , proved himself rather less than trustworthy in matters of treasure .
Still in the summer days of 1501 he was making himself very troublesome at Court with constant petitions and letters about his rights and privileges ; and Ferdinand was far from unwilling to adopt a plan by which they would at least get rid of him and keep him safely occupied at the other side of the world at the cost of a few caravels .
There was , besides , always an element of uncertainty .
His voyage might come to nothing , but on the other hand the Admiral was no novice at this game of discovery , and one could not tell but that something big might come of it .
After some consideration permission was given to him to fit out a fleet of four ships , and he proceeded to Seville in the autumn of 1501 to get his little fleet ready .
Bartholomew was to come with him , and his son Ferdinand also , who seems to have much endeared himself to the Admiral in these dark days , and who would surely be a great comfort to him on the voyage .
Beatriz Enriquez seems to have passed out of his life ; certainly he was not living with her either now or on his last visit to Spain ; one way or another , that business is at an end for him .
Perhaps poor Beatriz , seeing her son in such a high place at Court , has effaced herself for his sake ; perhaps the appointment was given on condition of such effacement ; we do not know .
Columbus was in no hurry over his preparations .
In the midst of them he found time to collect a whole series of documents relating to his titles and dignities , which he had copied and made into a great book which he called his " Book of Privileges , " and the copies of which were duly attested before a notary at Seville on January 5 , 1502 .
He wrote many letters to various friends of his , chiefly in relation to these privileges ; not interesting or illuminating letters to us , although very important to busy Christopher when he wrote them .
Here is one written to Nicolo Oderigo , a Genoese Ambassador who came to Spain on a brief mission in the spring of 1502 , and who , with certain other residents in Spain , is said to have helped Columbus in his preparations for his fourth voyage : " Sir , - - The loneliness in which you have left us can not be described .
I gave the book containing my writings to Francisco de Rivarol that he may send it to you with another copy of letters containing instructions .
I beg you to be so kind as to write Don Diego in regard to the place of security in which you put them .
Duplicates of everything will be completed and sent to you in the same manner and by the same Francisco .
Among them you will find a new document .
Their Highnesses promised to give all that belongs to me and to place Don Diego in possession of everything , as you will see .
I wrote to Senor Juan Luis and to Sefora Catalina .
The letter accompanies this one .
I am ready to start in the name of the Holy Trinity as soon as the weather is good .
I am well provided with everything .
If Jeronimo de Santi Esteban is coming , he must await me and not embarrass himself with anything , for they will take away from him all they can and silently leave him .
Let him come here and the King and the Queen will receive him until I come .
May our Lord have you in His holy keeping .
" Done at Seville , March 21 , 1502 .
" At your command .
. S. .S.A.S. Xpo FERENS . "
His delays were not pleasing to Ferdinand , who wanted to get rid of him , and he was invited to hurry his departure ; but he still continued to go deliberately about his affairs , which he tried to put in order as far as he was able , since he thought it not unlikely that he might never see Spain again .
Thinking thus of his worldly duties , and his thoughts turning to his native Genoa , it occurred to him to make some benefaction out of the riches that were coming to him by which his name might be remembered and held in honour there .
This was a piece of practical kindness the record of which is most precious to us ; for it shows the Admiral in a truer and more human light than he often allowed to shine upon him .
The tone of the letter is nothing ; he could not forbear letting the people of Genoa see how great he was .
The devotion of his legacy to the reduction of the tax on simple provisions was a genuine charity , much to be appreciated by the dwellers in the Vico Dritto di Ponticello , where wine and provision shops were so very necessary to life .
The letter was written to the Directors of the famous Bank of Saint George at Genoa .
" VERY NOBLE LORDS , -- Although my body is here , my heart is continually yonder .
Our Lord has granted me the greatest favour he has granted any one since the time of David .
The results of my undertaking already shine , and they would make a great light if the obscurity of the Government did not conceal them .
I shall go again to the Indies in the name of the Holy Trinity , to return immediately .
And as I am mortal , I desire my son Don Diego to give to you each year , for ever , the tenth part of all the income received , in payment of the tax on wheat , wine , and other provisions .
If this tenth amounts to anything , receive it , and if not , receive my will for the deed .
I beg you as a favour to have this son of mine in your charge .
Nicolo de Oderigo knows more about my affairs than I myself .
I have sent him the copy of my privileges and letters , that he may place them in safe keeping .
I would be glad if you could see them .
The King and the Queen , my Lords , now wish to honour me more than ever .
May the Holy Trinity guard your noble persons , and increase the importance of your very magnificent office .
" Done in Seville , April a , 1502 .
" The High - Admiral of the Ocean - Sea and Viceroy and Governor - General of the islands and mainland of Asia and the Indies , belonging to the King and Queen , my Lords , and the Captain - General of the Sea , and a Member of their Council .
.S. .S.A.S. X M Y Xpo FERENS . "
Columbus was anxious to touch at Espanola on his voyage to the West ; but he was expressly forbidden to do so , as it was known that his presence there could not make for anything but confusion ; he was to be permitted , however , to touch there on his return journey .
The Great Khan was not out of his mind yet ; much in it apparently , for he took an Arabian interpreter with him so that he could converse with that monarch .
In fact he did not hesitate to announce that very big results indeed were to come of this voyage of his ; among other things he expected to circumnavigate the globe , and made no secret of his expectation .
In the meantime he was expected to find some pearls in order to pay for the equipment of his fleet ; and in consideration of what had happened to the last lot of pearls collected by him , an agent named Diego de Porras was sent along with him to keep an account of the gold and precious stones which might be discovered .
Special instructions were issued to Columbus about the disposal of these commodities .
He does not seem to have minded these somewhat humiliating precautions ; he had a way of rising above petty indignities and refusing to recognise them which must have been of great assistance to his self - respect in certain troubled moments in his life .
His delays , however , were so many that in March 1502 the Sovereigns were obliged to order him to depart without any more waiting .
Poor Christopher , who once had to sue for the means with which to go , whose departures were once the occasion of so much state and ceremony , has now to be hustled forth and asked to go away .
Still he does not seem to mind ; once more , as of old , his gaze is fixed beyond the horizon and his mind is filled with one idea .
They may not think much of him in Spain now , but they will when he comes back ; and he can afford to wait .
Completing his preparations without undignified haste he despatched Bartholomew with his four little vessels from Seville to Cadiz , where the Admiral was to join them .
He took farewell of his son Diego and of his brother James ; good friendly James , who had done his best in a difficult position , but had seen quite enough of the wild life of the seas and was now settled in Seville studying hard for the Church .
It had always been his ambition , poor James ; and , studying hard in Seville , he did in time duly enter the sacred pale and become a priest -- by which we may see that if our ambitions are only modest enough we may in time encompass them .
Sometimes I think that James , enveloped in priestly vestments , nodding in the sanctuary , lulled by the muttering murmur of the psalms or dozing through a long credo , may have thought himself back amid the brilliant sunshine and strange perfumes of Espanola ; and from a dream of some nymph hiding in the sweet groves of the Vega may have awakened with a sigh to the strident Alleluias of his brother priests .
At any rate , farewell to James , safely seated beneath the Gospel light , and continuing to sit there until , in the year 1515 , death interrupts him .
We are not any more concerned with James in his priestly shelter , but with those elder brothers of his who are making ready again to face the sun and the surges .
Columbus 's ships were on the point of sailing when word came that the Moors were besieging a Portuguese post on the coast of Morocco , and , as civility was now the order of the day between Spain and Portugal , the Admiral was instructed to call on his way there and afford some relief .
This he did , sailing from Cadiz on the 9th or 10th of May to Ercilla on the Morocco coast , where he anchored on the 13th .
But the Moors had all departed and the siege was over ; so Columbus , having sent Bartholomew and some of his officers ashore on a civil visit , which was duly returned , set out the same day on his last voyage .
CHAPTER III THE LAST VOYAGE
The four ships that made up the Admiral 's fleet on his fourth and last voyage were all small caravels , the largest only of seventy tons and the smallest only of fifty .
Columbus chose for his flagship the Capitana , seventy tons , appointing Diego Tristan to be his captain .
The next best ship was the Santiago de Palos under the command of Francisco Porras ; Porras and his brother Diego having been more or less foisted on to Columbus by Morales , the Royal Treasurer , who wished to find berths for these two brothers - in - law of his .
We shall hear more of the Porras brothers .
The third ship was the Gallega , sixty tons , a very bad sailer indeed , and on that account entrusted to Bartholomew Columbus , whose skill in navigation , it was hoped , might make up for her bad sailing qualities .
Bartholomew had , to tell the truth , had quite enough of the New World , but he was too loyal to Christopher to let him go alone , knowing as he did his precarious state of health and his tendency to despondency .
The captain of the Gallega was Pedro de Terreros , who had sailed with the Admiral as steward on all his other voyages and was now promoted to a command .
The fourth ship was called the Vizcaina , fifty tons , and was commanded by Bartolome Fieschi , a friend of Columbus 's from Genoa , and a very sound , honourable man .
There were altogether 143 souls on board the four caravels .
The fleet as usual made the Canary Islands , where they arrived on the 20th of May , and stopped for five days taking in wood and water and fresh provisions .
Columbus was himself again - - always more himself at sea than anywhere else ; he was following a now familiar road that had no difficulties or dangers for him ; and there is no record of the voyage out except that it was quick and prosperous , with the trade wind blowing so steadily that from the time they left the Canaries until they made land twenty days later they had hardly to touch a sheet or a halliard .
The first land they made was the island of Martinique , where wood and water were taken in and the men sent ashore to wash their linen .
To young Ferdinand , but fourteen years old , this voyage was like a fairy tale come true , and his delight in everything that he saw must have added greatly to Christopher 's pleasure and interest in the voyage .
They only stayed a few days at Martinique and then sailed westward along the chain of islands until they came to Porto Rico , where they put in to the sunny harbour which they had discovered on a former voyage .
It was at this point that Columbus determined , contrary to his precise orders , to stand across to Espanola .
The place attracted him like a magnet ; he could not keep away from it ; and although he had a good enough excuse for touching there , it is probable that his real reason was a very natural curiosity to see how things were faring with his old enemy Bobadilla .
The excuse was that the Gallega , Bartholomew 's ship , was so unseaworthy as to be a drag on the progress of the rest of the fleet and a danger to her own crew .
In the slightest sea - way she rolled almost gunwale under , and would not carry her sail ; and Columbus 's plan was to exchange her for a vessel out of the great fleet which he knew had by this time reached Espanola and discharged its passengers .
He arrived off the harbour of San Domingo on the 29th of June in very threatening weather , and immediately sent Pedro de Terreros ashore with a message to Ovando , asking to be allowed to purchase or exchange one of the vessels that were riding in the harbour , and also leave to shelter his own vessels there during the hurricane which he believed to be approaching .
A message came back that he was neither permitted to buy a ship nor to enter the harbour ; warning him off from San Domingo , in fact .
With this unfavourable message Terreros also brought back the news of the island .
Ovando had been in San Domingo since the 15th of April , and had found the island in a shocking state , the Spanish population having to a man devoted itself to idleness , profligacy , and slave - driving .
The only thing that had prospered was the gold - mining ; for owing to the licence that Bobadilla had given to the Spaniards to employ native labour to an unlimited extent there had been an immense amount of gold taken from the mines .
But in no other respect had island affairs prospered , and Ovando immediately began the usual investigation .
The fickle Spaniards , always unfaithful to whoever was in authority over them , were by this time tired of Bobadilla , in spite of his leniency , and they hailed the coming of Ovando and his numerous equipment with enthusiasm .
Bobadilla had also by this time , we may suppose , had enough of the joys of office ; at any rate he showed no resentment at the coming of the new Governor , and handed over the island with due ceremony .
The result of the investigation of Ovando , however , was to discover a state of things requiring exemplary treatment ; friend Roldan was arrested , with several of his allies , and put on board one of the ships to be sent back to Spain for trial .
The cacique Guarionex , who had been languishing in San Domingo in chains for a long time , was also embarked on one of the returning ships ; and about eighteen hundred - weights of gold which had been collected were also stowed into cases and embarked .
Among this gold there was a nugget weighing 35 lbs .
which had been found by a native woman in a river , and which Ovando was sending home as a personal offering to his Sovereigns ; and some further 40 lbs. of gold belonging to Columbus , which Carvajal had recovered and placed in a caravel to be taken to Spain for the Admiral .
The ships were all ready to sail , and were anchored off the mouth of the river when Columbus arrived in San Domingo .
When he found that he was not to be allowed to enter the harbour himself Columbus sent a message to Ovando warning him that a hurricane was coming on , and begging him to take measures for the safety of his large fleet .
This , however , was not done , and the fleet put to sea that evening .
It had only got so far as the eastern end of Espanola when the hurricane , as predicted by Columbus , duly came down in the manner of West Indian hurricanes , a solid wall of wind and an advancing wave of the sea which submerged everything in its path .
Columbus 's little fleet , finding shelter denied them , had moved a little way along the coast , the Admiral standing close in shore , the others working to the south for sea-room ; and although they survived the hurricane they were scattered , and only met several days later , in an extremely battered condition , at the westerly end of the island .
But the large home - going fleet had not survived .
The hurricane , which was probably from the north - east , struck them just as they lost the lee of the island , and many of them , including the ships with the treasure of gold and the caravels bearing Roldan , Bobadilla , and Guarionex , all went down at once and were never seen or heard of again .
Other ships survived for a little while only to founder in the end ; a few , much shattered , crept back to the shelter of San Domingo ; but only one , it is said , survived the hurricane so well as to be able to proceed to Spain ; and that was the one which carried Carvajal and Columbus 's little property of gold .
The Admiral 's luck again ; or the intervention of the Holy Trinity -- whichever you like .
After the shattering experience of the storm , Columbus , although he did not return to San Domingo , remained for some time on the coast of Espanola repairing his ships and resting his exhausted crews .
There were threatenings of another storm which delayed them still further , and it was not until the middle of July that the Admiral was able to depart on the real purpose of his voyage .
His object was to strike the mainland far to the westward of the Gulf of Paria , and so by following it back eastward to find the passage which he believed to exist .
But the winds and currents were very baffling ; he was four days out of sight of land after touching at an island north of Jamaica ; and finally , in some bewilderment , he altered his course more and more northerly until he found his whereabouts by coming in sight of the archipelago off the south - western end of Cuba which he had called the Gardens .
From here he took a departure south - west , and on the 30th of July came in sight of a small island off the northern coast of Honduras which he called Isla de Pinos , and from which he could see the hills of the mainland .
At this island he found a canoe of immense size with a sort of house or caboose built amidships , in which was established a cacique with his family and dependents ; and the people in the canoe showed signs of more advanced civilisation than any seen by Columbus before in these waters .
They wore clothing , they had copper hatchets , and bells , and palm - wood swords in the edges of which were set sharp blades of flint .
They had a fermented liquor , a kind of maize beer which looked like English ale ; they had some kind of money or medium of exchange also , and they told the Admiral that there was land to the west where all these things existed and many more .
It is strange and almost inexplicable that he did not follow this trail to the westward ; if he had done so he would have discovered Mexico .
But one thing at a time always occupied him to the exclusion of everything else ; his thoughts were now turned to the eastward , where he supposed the Straits were ; and the significance of this canoe full of natives was lost upon him .
They crossed over to the mainland of Honduras on August 15th , Bartholomew landing and attending mass on the beach as the Admiral himself was too ill to go ashore .
Three days later the cross and banner of Castile were duly erected on the shores of the Rio Tinto and the country was formally annexed .
The natives were friendly , and supplied the ships with provisions ; but they were very black and ugly , and Columbus readily believed the assertion of his native guide that they were cannibals .
They continued their course to the eastward , but as the gulf narrowed the force of the west - going current was felt more severely .
Columbus , believing that the strait which he sought lay to the eastward , laboured against the current , and his difficulties were increased by the bad weather which he now encountered .
There were squalls and hurricanes , tempests and cross-currents that knocked his frail ships about and almost swamped them .
Anchors and gear were lost , the sails were torn out of the bolt - ropes , timbers were strained ; and for six weeks this state of affairs went on to an accompaniment of thunder and lightning which added to the terror and discomfort of the mariners .
This was in August and the first half of September - - six weeks of the worst weather that Columbus had ever experienced .
It was the more unfortunate that his illness made it impossible for him to get actively about the ship ; and he had to have a small cabin or tent rigged up on deck , in which he could lie and direct the navigation .
It is bad enough to be as ill as he was in a comfortable bed ashore ; it is a thousand times worse amid the discomforts of a small boat at sea ; but what must it have been thus to have one 's sick - bed on the deck of a cockle - shell which was being buffeted and smashed in unknown seas , and to have to think and act not for oneself alone but for the whole of a suffering little fleet !
No wonder the Admiral 's distress of mind was great ; but oddly enough his anxieties , as he recorded them in a letter , were not so much on his own account as on behalf of others .
The terrified seamen making vows to the Virgin and promises of pilgrimages between their mad rushes to the sheets and furious clinging and hauling ; his son Ferdinand , who was only fourteen , but who had to endure the same pain and fatigue as the rest of them , and who was enduring it with such pluck that " it was as if he had been at sea eighty years " ; the dangers of Bartholomew , who had not wanted to come on this voyage at all , but was now in the thick of it in the worst ship of the squadron , and fighting for his life amid tempests and treacherous seas ;
Diego at home , likely to be left an orphan and at the mercy of fickle and doubtful friends -- these were the chief causes of the Admiral 's anxiety .
All he said about himself was that " by my misfortune the twenty years of service which I gave with so much fatigue and danger have profited me so little that to - day I have in Castile no roof , and if I wished to dine or sup or sleep I have only the tavern for my last refuge , and for that , most of the time , I would be unable to pay the score . "
Not cheerful reflections , these , to add to the pangs of acute gout and the consuming anxieties of seamanship under such circumstances .
Dreadful to him , these things , but not dreadful to us ; for they show us an Admiral restored to his true temper and vocation , something of the old sea hero breaking out in him at last through all these misfortunes , like the sun through the hurrying clouds of a stormy afternoon .
Forty days of passage through this wilderness of water were endured before the sea-worn mariners , rounding a cape on September 12th , saw stretching before them to the southward a long coast of plain and mountain which they were able to follow with a fair wind .
Gradually the sea went down ; the current which had opposed them here aided them , and they were able to recover a little from the terrible strain of the last six weeks .
The cape was called by Columbus ' Gracios de Dios ' ; and on the 16th of September they landed at the entrance to a river to take in water .
The boat which was sent ashore , however , capsized on the sandy bar of the entrance , two men being drowned , and the river was given the name of Rio de Desastre .
They found a better anchorage , where they rested for ten days , overhauled their stores , and had some intercourse with the natives and exploration on shore .
Some incidents occurred which can best be described in the Admiral 's own language as he recorded them in his letter to the Sovereigns . " . .
When I reached there , they immediately sent me two young girls dressed in rich garments .
The older one might not have been more than eleven years of age and the other seven ; both with so much experience , so much manner , and so much appearance as would have been sufficient if they had been public women for twenty years .
They bore with them magic powder and other things belonging to their art .
When they arrived I gave orders that they should be adorned with our things and sent them immediately ashore .
There I saw a tomb within the mountain as large as a house and finely worked with great artifice , and a corpse stood thereon uncovered , and , looking within it , it seemed as if he stood upright .
Of the other arts they told me that there was excellence .
Great and little animals are there in quantities , and very different from ours ; among which I saw boars of frightful form so that a dog of the Irish breed dared not face them .
With a cross - bow I had wounded an animal which exactly resembles a baboon only that it was much larger and has a face like a human being .
I had pierced it with an arrow from one side to the other , entering in the breast and going out near the tail , and because it was very ferocious I cut off one of the fore feet which rather seemed to be a hand , and one of the hind feet .
The boars seeing this commenced to set up their bristles and fled with great fear , seeing the blood of the other animal .
When I saw this I caused to be thrown them the ' uegare , '--[ Peccary ] -- certain animals they call so , where it stood , and approaching him , near as he was to death , and the arrow still sticking in his body , he wound his tail around his snout and held it fast , and with the other hand which remained free , seized him by the neck as an enemy .
This act , so magnificent and novel , together with the fine country and hunting of wild beasts , made me write this to your Majesties . "
The natives at this anchorage of Cariari were rather suspicious , but Columbus seized two of them to act as guides in his journey further down the coast .
Weighing anchor on October 5th he worked along the Costa Rica shore , which here turns to the eastward again , and soon found a tribe of natives who wore large ornaments of gold .
They were reluctant to part with the gold , but as usual pointed down the coast and said that there was much more gold there ; they even gave a name to the place where the gold could be found -- Veragua ; and for once this country was found to have a real existence .
The fleet anchored there on October 17th , being greeted by defiant blasts of conch shells and splashing of water from the indignant natives .
Business was done , however : seventeen gold discs in exchange for three hawks ' bells .
Still Columbus went on in pursuit of his geographical chimera ; even gold had no power to detain him from the earnest search for this imaginary strait .
Here and there along the coast he saw increasing signs of civilisation - - once a wall built of mud and stone , which made him think of Cathay again .
He now got it into his head that the region he was in was ten days ' journey from the Ganges , and that it was surrounded by water ; which if it means anything means that he thought he was on a large island ten days ' sail to the eastward of the coast of India .
Altogether at sea as to the facts , poor Admiral , but with heart and purpose steadfast and right enough .
They sailed a little farther along the coast , now between narrow islands that were like the streets of Genoa , where the boughs of trees on either hand brushed the shrouds of the ships ; now past harbours where there were native fairs and markets , and where natives were to be seen mounted on horses and armed with swords ; now by long , lonely stretches of the coast where there was nothing to be seen but the low green shore with the mountains behind and the alligators basking at the river mouths .
At last ( November 2nd ) they arrived at the cape known as Nombre de Dios , which Ojeda had reached some time before in his voyage to the West .
The coast of the mainland had thus been explored from the Bay of Honduras to Brazil , and Columbus was obliged to admit that there was no strait .
Having satisfied himself of that he decided to turn back to Veragua , where he had seen the natives smelting gold , in order to make some arrangement for establishing a colony there .
The wind , however , which had headed him almost all the way on his easterly voyage , headed him again now and began to blow steadily from the west .
He started on his return journey on the 5th of December , and immediately fell into almost worse troubles than he had been in before .
The wood of the ships had been bored through and through by seaworms , so that they leaked very badly ; the crews were sick , provisions were spoilt , biscuits rotten .
Young Ferdinand Columbus , if he did not actually make notes of this voyage at the time , preserved a very lively recollection of it , and it is to his Historie , which in its earlier passages is of doubtful authenticity , that we owe some of the most human touches of description relating to this voyage .
Any passage in his work relating to food or animals at this time has the true ring of boyish interest and observation , and is in sharp contrast to the second - hand and artificial tone of the earlier chapters of his book .
About the incident of the howling monkey , which the Admiral 's Irish hound would not face , Ferdinand remarks that it " frighted a good dog that we had , but frighted one of our wild boars a great deal more " ; and as to the condition of the biscuits when they turned westward again , he says that they were " so full of weevils that , as God shall help me , I saw many that stayed till night to eat their sop for fear of seeing them . "
After experiencing some terrible weather , in the course of which they had been obliged to catch sharks for food and had once been nearly overwhelmed by a waterspout , they entered a harbour where , in the words of young Ferdinand , " we saw the people living like birds in the tops of the trees , laying sticks across from bough to bough and building their huts upon them ; and though we knew not the reason of the custom we guessed that it was done for fear of their enemies , or of the griffins that are in this island . "
After further experiences of bad weather they made what looked like a suitable harbour on the coast of Veragua , which harbour , as they entered it on the day of the Epiphany ( January 9 , 1503 ) , they named Belem or Bethlehem .
The river in the mouth of which they were anchored , however , was subject to sudden spouts and gushes of water from the hills , one of which occurred on January 24th and nearly swamped the caravels .
This spout of water was caused by the rainy season , which had begun in the mountains and presently came down to the coast , where it rained continuously until the 14th of February .
They had made friends with the Quibian or chief of the country , and he had offered to conduct them to the place where the gold mines were ; so Bartholomew was sent off in the rain with a boat party to find this territory .
It turned out afterwards that the cunning Quibian had taken them out of his own country and showed them the gold mined of a neighbouring chief , which were not so rich as his own .
Columbus , left idle in the absence of Bartholomew , listening to the continuous drip and patter of the rain on the leaves and the water , begins to dream again -- to dream of gold and geography .
Remembers that David left three thousand quintals of gold from the Indies to Solomon for the decoration of the Temple ; remembers that Josephus said it came from the Golden Chersonesus ; decides that enough gold could never have been got from the mines of Hayna in Espanola ; and concludes that the Ophir of Solomon must be here in Veragua and not there in Espanola .
It was always here and now with Columbus ; and as he moved on his weary sea pilgrimages these mythical lands with their glittering promise moved about with him , like a pillar of fire leading him through the dark night of his quest .
The rain came to an end , however , the sun shone out again , and activity took the place of dreams with Columbus and with his crew .
He decided to found a settlement in this place , and to make preparations for seizing and working the gold mines .
It was decided to leave a garrison of eighty men , and the business of unloading the necessary arms and provisions and building houses ashore was immediately begun .
Hawks ' bells and other trifles were widely distributed among the natives , with special toys and delicacies for the Quibian , in order that friendly relations might be established from the beginning ; and special regulations were framed to prevent the possibility of any recurrence of the disasters that overtook the settlers of Isabella .
Such are the orderly plans of Columbus ; but the Quibian has his plans too , which are found to be of quite a different nature .
The Quibian does not like intruders , though he likes their hawks ' bells well enough ; he is not quite so innocent as poor Guacanagari and the rest of them were ; he knows that gold is a thing coveted by people to whom it does not belong , and that trouble follows in its train .
Quibian therefore decides that Columbus and his followers shall be exterminated -- news of which intention fortunately came to the ears of Columbus in time , Diego Mendez and Rodrigo de Escobar having boldly advanced into the Quibian 's village and seen the warlike preparations .
Bartholomew , returning from his visit to the gold mines , was informed of this state of affairs .
Always quick to strike , Bartholomew immediately started with an armed force , and advanced upon the village so rapidly that the savages were taken by surprise , their headquarters surrounded , and the Quibian and fifty of his warriors captured .
Bartholomew triumphantly marched the prisoners back , the Quibian being entrusted to the charge of Juan Sanchez , who was rowing him in a little boat .
The Quibian complained that his bonds were hurting him , and foolish Sanchez eased them a little ; Quibian , with a quick movement , wriggled overboard and dived to the bottom ; came up again somewhere and reached home alive .
No one saw him come up , however , and they thought had had been drowned .
Columbus now made ready to depart , and the caravels having been got over the shallow bar , their loading was completed and they were ready to sail .
On April 6th Diego Tristan was sent in charge of a boat with a message to Bartholomew , who was to be left in command of the settlement ; but when Tristan had rounded the point at the entrance to the river and come in sight of the shore he had an unpleasant surprise ; the settlement was being savagely attacked by the resurrected Quibian and his followers .
The fight had lasted for three hours , and had been going badly against the Spaniards , when Bartholomew and Diego Mendes rallied a little force round them and , calling to Columbus 's Irish dog which had been left with them , made a rush upon the savages and so terrified them that they scattered .
Bartholomew with eight of the other Spaniards was wounded , and one was killed ; and it was at this point that Tristan 's boat arrived at the settlement .
Having seen the fight safely over , he went on up the river to get water , although he was warned that it was not safe ; and sure enough , at a point a little farther up the river , beyond some low green arm of the shore , he met with a sudden and bloody death .
A cloud of yelling savages surrounded his boat hurling javelins and arrows , and only one seaman , who managed to dive into the water and crawl ashore , escaped to bring the evil tidings .
The Spaniards under Bartholomew 's command broke into a panic , and taking advantage of his wounded condition they tried to make sail on their caravel and join the ships of Columbus outside ; but since the time of the rains the river had so much gone down that she was stuck fast in the sand .
They could not even get a boat over the bar , for there was a heavy cross sea breaking on it ; and in the meantime here they were , trapped inside this river , the air resounding with dismal blasts of the natives ' conch - shells , and the natives themselves dancing round and threatening to rush their position ; while the bodies of Tristan and his little crew were to be seen floating down the stream , feasted upon by a screaming cloud of birds .
The position of the shore party was desperate , and it was only by the greatest efforts that the wounded Adelantado managed to rally his crew and get them to remove their little camp to an open place on the shore , where a kind of stockade was made of chests , casks , spars , and the caravel 's boat .
With this for cover , the Spanish fire - arms , so long as there was ammunition for them , were enough to keep the natives at bay .
Outside the bar , in his anchorage beyond the green wooded point , the Admiral meanwhile was having an anxious time .
One supposes the entrance to the river to have been complicated by shoals and patches of broken water extending some considerable distance , so that the Admiral 's anchorage would be ten or twelve miles away from the camp ashore , and of course entirely hidden from it .
As day after day passed and Diego Tristan did not return , the Admiral 's anxiety increased .
Among the three caravels that now formed his little squadron there was only one boat remaining , the others , not counting one taken by Tristan and one left with Bartholomew , having all been smashed in the late hurricanes .
In the heavy sea that was running on the bar the Admiral dared not risk his last remaining boat ; but in the mean time he was cut off from all news of the shore party and deprived of any means of finding out what had happened to Tristan .
And presently to these anxieties was added a further disaster .
It will be remembered that when the Quibian had been captured fifty natives had been taken with him ; and these were confined in the forecastle of the Capitana and covered by a large hatch , on which most of the crew slept at night .
But one night the natives collected a heap of big stones from the ballast of the ship , and piled them up to a kind of platform beneath the hatch ; some of the strongest of them got upon the platform and set their backs horizontally against the hatch , gave a great heave and , lifted it off .
In the confusion that followed , a great many of the prisoners escaped into the sea , and swam ashore ; the rest were captured and thrust back under the hatch , which was chained down ; but when on the following morning the Spaniards went to attend to this remnant it was found that they had all hanged themselves .
This was a great disaster , since it increased the danger of the garrison ashore , and destroyed all hope of friendship with the natives .
There was something terrible and powerful , too , in the spirit of people who could thus to a man make up their minds either to escape or die ; and the Admiral must have felt that he was in the presence of strange , powerful elements that were far beyond his control .
At any moment , moreover , the wind might change and put him on a lee shore , or force him to seek safety in sea-room ; in which case the position of Bartholomew would be a very critical one .
It was while things were at this apparent deadlock that a brave fellow , Pedro Ledesma , offered to attempt to swim through the surf if the boat would take him to the edge of it .
Brave Pedro , his offer accepted , makes the attempt ; plunges into the boiling surf , and with mighty efforts succeeds in reaching the shore ; and after an interval is seen by his comrades , who are waiting with their boat swinging on the edge of the surf , to be returning to them ; plunges into the sea , comes safely through the surf again , and is safely hauled on board , having accomplished a very real and satisfactory bit of service .
The story he had to tell the Admiral was as we know not a pleasant one -- Tristan and his men dead , several of Bartholomew 's force , including the Adelantado himself , wounded , and all in a state of panic and fear at the hostile natives .
The Spaniards would do nothing to make the little fortress safer , and were bent only on escaping from the place of horror .
Some of them were preparing canoes in which to come out to the ships when the sea should go down , as their one small boat was insufficient ; and they swore that if the Admiral would not take them they would seize their own caravel and sail out themselves into the unknown sea as soon as they could get her floated over the bar , rather than remain in such a dreadful situation .
Columbus was in a very bad way .
He could not desert Bartholomew , as that would expose him to the treachery of his own men and the hostility of the savages .
He could not reinforce him , except by remaining himself with the whole of his company ; and in that case there would be no means of sending the news of his rich discovery to Spain .
There was nothing for it , therefore , but to break up the settlement and return some other time with a stronger force sufficient to occupy the country .
And even this course had its difficulties ; for the weather continued bad , the wind was blowing on to the shore , the sea was -- so rough as to make the passage of the bar impossible , and any change for the worse in the weather would probably drive his own crazy ships ashore and cut off all hope of escape .
The Admiral , whose health was now permanently broken , and who only had respite from his sufferings in fine weather and when he was relieved fro
NBA commissioner David Stern says he has reached out to LeBron James about James ' refusal to speak with the media after the Cleveland Cavaliers were eliminated from the Eastern Conference finals .
But Stern is withholding judgment and not ready to makes his views on the incident public until he talks to James about what happened , he said Tuesday on ESPN Radio .
In an appearance on " The Herd with Colin Cowherd , " Stern acknowledged he was not pleased that James , the league 's reigning MVP , did n't meet with the media , or shake hands with the Orlando Magic , following the Game 6 loss Saturday night .
Noting that in the recent past , other players and teams have been fined for failing to meet the league 's media guidelines , Cowherd asked why James had not been fined .
" I'm in the process of making a phone call or two now to talk to LeBron ... so I do n't want to speak to that at this moment , " Stern said .
" So you 're not happy ? " Cowherd asked .
" I think that 's fair to say , " Stern replied .
When further asked about James ' storming off the court without postgame handshakes with the Magic -- and whether one action was more troubling than the other -- Stern said both were important .
" One goes to rules , another goes to values , " he said .
" I think both of them should be followed . "
" Everything 's big when you follow the NBA , so I 'm going to step back and ask not to be pushed too hard right now [ on the incident ] , " Stern added .
" I 've got a few irons in the fire . "
On Monday , NBA spokesman Tim Frank told 1050 ESPN New York 's Andrew Marchand that James would not be fined , adding , " We have n't had any issues with him before at all . "
Stern was also asked about the NBA 's 19 - year - old age limit for rookies , with recent allegations involving NBA Rookie of the Year Derrick Rose 's one college season at Memphis raising questions about whether talented high school stars should play a year in college before entering the NBA .
Rose has been connected in media reports to NCAA allegations that a player on Memphis ' 2007 - 08 Final Four team had a stand - in take his SAT .
( Memphis said Tuesday that it was unable to find proof that a former player had cheated on the SAT . )
Stern pointed out that the NBA does not require that young players spend a year at college , noting they 're free to play in Europe , the NBA Development League or in junior college .
That , he said , gives them a year to play against tougher competition -- and better informs the teams that might draft them .
And despite the success of some players who successfully leapt from high school to the NBA , " there 's a long list that I wo n't mention who did n't make it , " Stern said .
" The idea that allegations of wrongdoing suddenly get put back on the fact that like all employers we set entry - level requirements ... does n't make any sense to me . "
Stern also offered cautious optimism for the league 's long - term economic outlook , saying he expects decreases in revenue next season despite recent record TV ratings for the playoffs .
" Our business is affected by the economic downturn but not as badly as some others , " he said .
" It wo n't be cataclysmic but it will be noticeable . "
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
Today is April the First , the April ’s Fool day , many people are busy doing jokes and pranks on their coleagues and friends .
In Russia this tradition is also recognized and many do funny and sometimes not - so - funny stuff .
Probably , the most loud prank that hit today ’s Russia was a prank made by the group of youngsters of St. Petersburg .
They have found somewhere explosives , equaled to 300g TNT , and put it inside the iron steel Lenin monument standing on the city square across the railway station .
Then at four o’clock in the morning they blew up the explosives so starting early morning of April , 1st 2009 all coming to St.
Petersburg railway station or leaving thru it have seen a new look of Lenin monument , with a hole “ in the back ” as it was called by Russian media , but if to be honest that ’s not back , but some body part that is lower than the back .
photo credits : AP , fontantka.ru , Yuri Smirnov , ria-novosti
There is SO MUCH exciting business coming up for us !
You probably already know about Joey 's Overqualified launch on April 7 , but I have a thing going on that very same night .
I 'll be on a panel with my pals Kate Beaton and Ryan North ( among others ) called Graphically Speaking as part of the Keep Toronto Reading events going on this month .
It 's from 6:30 - 8:30 on April 7 , you can see the details here or get facebook to remind you when it 's happening by setting your RSVP here .
I 'm going to be running from the North York Library down to Joey 's launch in Kensington , I think you should do the same !
A couple of days later , Joey and I are heading to our first art show !
We 're a part of the totally amazing lineup for Titans of Small Town , a one - night show at 303 Grand in Brooklyn .
Chris Hastings and Ryan North are going to be there too , to answer questions and talk about how great they are , plus there 's going to be original art from Chris Onstad .
Check out the details , and if you 're in New York come out and see us !
New downloadable content along with a new patch for SEGA ’s excellent strategy title Empire : Total War have arrived on Steam and are now available for download .
The update brings 14 free new units and includes a laundry list of improvements and adjustments to the game .
The new expansion pack known as Elite Units of the West brings an additional 14 units “ completely unique … from all the major Western factions . ”
Once added , the content can be utilized in both campaign and multiplayer modes .
The update is free to Steam users who own the title , while the ‘ Elite Units ’ content runs at $ 3.49 .
From the release :
Empire : Total War Update 1.3 Updates
This update includes the implementation of multi- threading in the game for multi-core processors and many optimizations that will also help increase performance on single core machines .
Players will see huge benefits through increased frame rates particularly in land and naval battles .
Units
14 Free Units have been included in this patch , adding a large amount of diversity to the playable factions and the armies the player will face .
These units replace ‘ generic ’ equivalents giving each faction a unique identity on the battlefield .
Here is a description of each free unit available in the update :
Units
14 Free Units have been included in this patch , adding a large amount of diversity to the playable factions and the armies the player will face .
These units replace ‘ generic ’ equivalents giving each faction a unique identity on the battlefield .
Here is a description of each free unit available in the update :
Prussian Grenadiers - Wearing a distinctive brass fronted mitre cap , the Prussian Grenadiers are an explosive force to be reckoned with on the battlefield .
- Wearing a distinctive brass fronted mitre cap , the Prussian Grenadiers are an explosive force to be reckoned with on the battlefield .
Spanish Guardias de infateria –
These elite guard infantry are charged with protecting the monarch and are a potent force on the battlefield .
– These elite guard infantry are charged with protecting the monarch and are a potent force on the battlefield .
Swedish lifeguard horse -
This cavalry regiment forms part of the monarchs ’ household guard .
Superbly drilled , they act as a shock force on the battlefield .
- This cavalry regiment forms part of the monarchs ’ household guard .
Superbly drilled , they act as a shock force on the battlefield .
Holland Horse Guard - Armed with heavy cavalry sabres , these disciplined cavalrymen represent the elite of the army .
- Armed with heavy cavalry sabres , these disciplined cavalrymen represent the elite of the army .
Prussian Garde Du Corp - The Prussian Garde Du Corp are a replacement for the Prussian standard Household cavalry .
These heavy horse shock troops are best used to break enemy lines and overrun enemy positions .
With a strong charge and fearsome attack , these riders make short work of those who would oppose a Prussian monarch .
- The Prussian Garde Du Corp are a replacement for the Prussian standard Household cavalry .
These heavy horse shock troops are best used to break enemy lines and overrun enemy positions .
With a strong charge and fearsome attack , these riders make short work of those who would oppose a Prussian monarch .
Prussian Life guard - The Prussian life guards are equipped similarly to line infantrymen .
However their uniforms are altogether more splendid , marking them out as a superior force , in arrogance if nothing else .
They do a good job as garrison troops and are dedicated to the crown .
The Prussian life guards are equipped similarly to line infantrymen .
However their uniforms are altogether more splendid , marking them out as a superior force , in arrogance if nothing else .
They do a good job as garrison troops and are dedicated to the crown .
Russian Grenadiers -
This new Russian unit is great for assaults and their grenades pack a mighty punch !
- This new Russian unit is great for assaults and their grenades pack a mighty punch !
Spanish Guardias De Corp - The Spanish Guardias De Corp replace household cavalry for Spain .
With almost unbreakable morale , on the charge they are almost unstoppable .
- The Spanish Guardias De Corp replace household cavalry for Spain .
With almost unbreakable morale , on the charge they are almost unstoppable .
Spanish Grenadiers –
These are a replacement for the standard Spanish Grenadiers with a distinctive bearskin hat to mark them out as exemplary on the battlefield .
– These are a replacement for the standard Spanish Grenadiers with a distinctive bearskin hat to mark them out as exemplary on the battlefield .
Swedish ‘ Lifeguards of foot ’ –
These are a highly trained replacement for the standard Swedish guard .
They are often used as a force in a system that defends a monarchy and can be relied upon for utter loyalty and deadly accuracy in the field .
Their professionalism is reflected in their fearsome battle reputation .
– These are a highly trained replacement for the standard Swedish guard .
They are often used as a force in a system that defends a monarchy and can be relied upon for utter loyalty and deadly accuracy in the field .
Their professionalism is reflected in their fearsome battle reputation .
Holland Guard - The Holland Guards from the United Provinces are superior line infantry units .
Carrying smoothbore muskets , they were traditionally chosen to protect the royal family and have an incredibly high morale , often making them the last troops to break in a fight .
- The Holland Guards from the United Provinces are superior line infantry units .
Carrying smoothbore muskets , they were traditionally chosen to protect the royal family and have an incredibly high morale , often making them the last troops to break in a fight .
Scots – The Scots are a Highland ex-patriate infantry used by the United Provinces , renowned for their deadly charge .
– The Scots are a Highland ex-patriate infantry used by the United Provinces , renowned for their deadly charge .
Swiss Infantry – Very disciplined infantry of the United Provinces with quick reload and excellent marksmanship .
– Very disciplined infantry of the United Provinces with quick reload and excellent marksmanship .
Mamelukes - Mamelukes are fearless light horsemen , deadly when deployed against a broken or unsupported enemy .
Additionally the Spanish nation has had a new uniform design to better reflect its historical look .
Audio
Sound loading has been made asynchronous , so heavy disc access is reduced to a minimum .
This makes loading times faster and reduces any instances of ‘ stuttering . ’
Unit group sounds have also been improved , for more realistic group movement .
The primary sound library ( Miles DLL ) has been updated to stop occasional clicking .
And we ’ve added more sound variation for unit deaths and musket fire .
Campaign
Several crash bug fixes in saves , movement , agents and logic .
Various optimizations have been made to AI and path systems to reduce the campaign map turn times .
When the pirates are destroyed and re-emerge they now maintain a status of at war with all and are unable to enter into diplomatic negotiations .
Added small ships on domestic trade routes from the trade nodes to home regions moving in the correct direction , i.e. with the flow of trade .
The AI should now no longer repeatedly sign a diplomatic agreement and then break it the next turn .
Treaties are more valuable and adhered to .
We ’ve fixed some border trade agreements allowing greater numbers of bordering factions to properly trade with one another .
Movement arrows now reflect the range of the selected units , not the whole army / navy .
AI will no longer counter - offer and ask for more money than the player has available .
Fixed commerce raiding taking money from blockaded trade routes .
Fixed navies getting stuck when forced to retreat from ports ( tactical retreat ) .
Fixed rare inability to attack certain ports .
Fixed middle mouse button camera drag stopping working occasionally .
Made emergent factions be at war with the faction they emerged against if that faction is human .
Fixed various movement extent crashes .
Changed background income for minor factions .
Fixed diplomatic relations with emergent factions .
Tactical withdrawal will now always leave armies on the landmass containing the settlement of a region .
Changed war score system to make the AI more likely to accept peace .
Fixed crash when embarking and disembarking armies at ports .
Fixed trade ships not being correctly registered in trade nodes after splitting forces .
Fixed government change diplomatic effect .
Improved commerce raiding display on trade screen .
Faction specific text is now used in diplomacy .
Prevent players cancelling the movement of fleeing agents .
Balance changes
Units
Units
Charge bonus generally increased across the board for all units and melee defence reduced .
Greater diversification of stats between different unit types designed to emphasise differences and improve balance .
Redone costs for all units for multiplayer to improve game balance which better reflects the actual battlefield worth of each unit .
Mob formation added in for Native American , irregular and some skirmisher units .
Spot distance for light infantry , skirmishers , irregulars , light cavalry and missile cavalry increased allowing them to spot hidden units at longer distances .
Russian line infantry stats have been boosted to allow them to compete more with other faction ’s line infantry .
Movement speed of all unit types reduced by 10 % .
Ammo for light infantry increased to 20 , line to 15 .
Land battle morale
Charge morale bonus reduced from 10 to 4 .
Recent casualties , extended casualties and total casualties morale penalties increased slightly for higher percentages .
Rear and flank exposed morale penalties increased .
Fatigue
Fatigue penalty for melee reduced from 18 per tick to 10 .
Running fatigue penalty for heavy and light cavalry reduced from - 3 / - 2 to -2/-1 .
Artillery Changes
Calibration area for cannons and howitzers reduced .
Accuracy of non-round shot shot types reduced to compensate .
Muzzle velocity of round shot for cannons increased to make them fire lower and bounce more , accuracy also increased .
Lethality of shrapnel pieces reduced to match canister shot , range also reduced to 350 .
Load time for special shot types for howitzers increased slightly , and range reduced to 350 .
Calibration area for mortars increased , accuracy of round shot increased to compensate .
Reload time increased slightly .
Accuracy of 18 lbr horse guard artillery restored to 65 .
Hit points of gun trains increased to 50 , all guns and caissons to 25 .
From the Elite Units of the West DLC notes :
Hungarian Grenadiers ( Austria ) — Hungarian Grenadiers fought in the Austrian army of the 18th century and were deliberately selected for their physical size and stature .
They had to have a good throwing arm , being able to propel a grenade far enough that it would n’t kill them !
Single player campaign requirements : Military Governor ’s Barracks in Hungary
Horse Guards ( Britain ) —
The elite British horse guards are a heavy cavalry shock troop used by the British army .
Used as a battering ram to brutally smash enemy infantry lines and drive holes in enemy ranks , these were prized troops of the British army .
Single player campaign requirements : Army Staff College in London
Swiss Guards ( France ) —
The Swiss Guards fought for the French nation and were the prized palace guard of Louis XVI .
Wearing resplendent bright red uniforms and carrying smooth bore muskets they were a better calibre of heavy infantry than most of their opponents .
Single player campaign requirements : Palais Bourbon in Paris
Blue Guards ( United Provinces ) —
The Blue Guards are a strong infantry unit of the United Provinces , and have been personal bodyguards to kings since the 1600s .
These are a high status regiment with a long tradition of fighting and winning key battles .
Single player campaign requirements : Army Staff College in Amsterdam
Gardes du Corps ( United Provinces ) —
The Gardes du Corps were the strongest , and often , the last line of defence for many monarchs in the United Provinces .
Dressed in splendid uniforms and riding heavy horse these royal bodyguard soldiers specialised in almost unstoppable charges and benefit any army with a high morale and solid combat discipline .
Single player campaign requirements : Army Staff College in Amsterdam
Guard Grenadiers ( Poland - Lithuania ) —
The Polish Guard Grenadiers are a highly trained and well disciplined grenadier unit unique to the Polish army .
These troops spent years being properly trained in the correct stances for priming and throwing explosives and were constantly assessed on their appearance and discipline as well as their technique .
Single player campaign requirements : Army Staff College in Warsaw
2nd Hussars ( Prussia ) —
These light cavalry units were specially drawn for their shorter stature and low weight making them quick and nimble on the battlefield .
Ideal for hit and run attacks and ambushing enemy formations on the move , these fast and mobile hussars specialised in running down survivors and ambushing scout parties .
Single player campaign requirements : Brandenburg Gate in Berlin
Bosniaks ( Prussia ) — Prussian Bosniaks are an irregular mounted soldier on light horse capable of a devastating charge .
These riders are historically mercenary in nature hailing from the Balkans as their name suggests .
They fight with a passion and zeal as they were often paid in plunder !
Single player campaign requirements : Army Board in Prussian home regions
Frei-Korps ( Prussia ) —
These irregular light infantry forces are a much needed counter - weight to the disciplined and organised ranks of the Prussian army .
Professional scoundrels , they are particularly effective against soldiers that organised Prussian infantry find difficult to counter .
Single player campaign requirements : Army Board or Military Governor ’s Barracks in any province
Gardes à cheval ( Russia ) —
An aristocratic heavy horse unit drawn from the nobility , exclusively to protect the Tsars .
These rich notables were selected not for their soldiering ability but more for their relative attractiveness to Catherine the Great .
Single player campaign requirements : Winter Palace in Moscow
Siemenovski Foot Guards ( Russia ) —
These elite line infantry were far better equipped than their standard brothers and a touch more arrogant too .
With splendid uniforms and far better trained they made excellent garrison soldiers , punishing popular decent harshly .
Single player campaign requirements : Winter Palace in Moscow
Walloon Guards ( Spain ) —
These superior infantry were drawn from a region of the Spanish Empire that produced excellent soldiers .
Their distinctive uniforms and colours marked them out on the battlefield as the bodyguard of kings and queens , and as effective soldiers in their own right .
Single player campaign requirements : Palacio Real de Madrid in Madrid
Legion of the United States ( United States ) —
The United States first official organised army unit .
A well drilled and trained unit of soldiers taught to fight in both the traditional European line of battle style , and a looser more irregular pattern better for confronting the native tribes of the Americas .
Single player campaign requirements : Army Board or Military Governor ’s Barracks in any province
US Marines ( United States ) —
These are some of the toughest and bravest soldiers the United States can boast .
Either on land or at sea this unit is a fighting force above all else .
The marines ’ greatest strength alongside their flexibility and speed in combat is their resolve .
They will rarely if ever run from a fight once committed , often preferring to fight to the death than hand an inch of ground to the enemy .
Single player campaign requirements : Naval College in any province
Hungarian Grenadiers ( Austria ) — Hungarian Grenadiers fought in the Austrian army of the 18th century and were deliberately selected for their physical size and stature .
They had to have a good throwing arm , being able to propel a grenade far enough that it would n’t kill them !
Single player campaign requirements : Military Governor ’s Barracks in Hungary
Horse Guards ( Britain ) —
The elite British horse guards are a heavy cavalry shock troop used by the British army .
Used as a battering ram to brutally smash enemy infantry lines and drive holes in enemy ranks , these were prized troops of the British army .
Single player campaign requirements : Army Staff College in London
Swiss Guards ( France ) —
The Swiss Guards fought for the French nation and were the prized palace guard of Louis XVI .
Wearing resplendent bright red uniforms and carrying smooth bore muskets they were a better calibre of heavy infantry than most of their opponents .
Single player campaign requirements : Palais Bourbon in Paris
Blue Guards ( United Provinces ) —
The Blue Guards are a strong infantry unit of the United Provinces , and have been personal bodyguards to kings since the 1600s .
These are a high status regiment with a long tradition of fighting and winning key battles .
Single player campaign requirements : Army Staff College in Amsterdam
Gardes du Corps ( United Provinces ) —
The Gardes du Corps were the strongest , and often , the last line of defence for many monarchs in the United Provinces .
Dressed in splendid uniforms and riding heavy horse these royal bodyguard soldiers specialised in almost unstoppable charges and benefit any army with a high morale and solid combat discipline .
Single player campaign requirements : Army Staff College in Amsterdam
Guard Grenadiers ( Poland - Lithuania ) —
The Polish Guard Grenadiers are a highly trained and well disciplined grenadier unit unique to the Polish army .
These troops spent years being properly trained in the correct stances for priming and throwing explosives and were constantly assessed on their appearance and discipline as well as their technique .
Single player campaign requirements : Army Staff College in Warsaw
2nd Hussars ( Prussia ) —
These light cavalry units were specially drawn for their shorter stature and low weight making them quick and nimble on the battlefield .
Ideal for hit and run attacks and ambushing enemy formations on the move , these fast and mobile hussars specialised in running down survivors and ambushing scout parties .
Single player campaign requirements : Brandenburg Gate in Berlin
Bosniaks ( Prussia ) — Prussian Bosniaks are an irregular mounted soldier on light horse capable of a devastating charge .
These riders are historically mercenary in nature hailing from the Balkans as their name suggests .
They fight with a passion and zeal as they were often paid in plunder !
Single player campaign requirements : Army Board in Prussian home regions
Frei-Korps ( Prussia ) —
These irregular light infantry forces are a much needed counter - weight to the disciplined and organised ranks of the Prussian army .
Professional scoundrels , they are particularly effective against soldiers that organised Prussian infantry find difficult to counter .
Single player campaign requirements : Army Board or Military Governor ’s Barracks in any province
Gardes à cheval ( Russia ) —
An aristocratic heavy horse unit drawn from the nobility , exclusively to protect the Tsars .
These rich notables were selected not for their soldiering ability but more for their relative attractiveness to Catherine the Great .
Single player campaign requirements : Winter Palace in Moscow
Siemenovski Foot Guards ( Russia ) —
These elite line infantry were far better equipped than their standard brothers and a touch more arrogant too .
With splendid uniforms and far better trained they made excellent garrison soldiers , punishing popular decent harshly .
Single player campaign requirements : Winter Palace in Moscow
Walloon Guards ( Spain ) —
These superior infantry were drawn from a region of the Spanish Empire that produced excellent soldiers .
Their distinctive uniforms and colours marked them out on the battlefield as the bodyguard of kings and queens , and as effective soldiers in their own right .
Single player campaign requirements : Palacio Real de Madrid in Madrid
Legion of the United States ( United States ) —
The United States first official organised army unit .
A well drilled and trained unit of soldiers taught to fight in both the traditional European line of battle style , and a looser more irregular pattern better for confronting the native tribes of the Americas .
Single player campaign requirements : Army Board or Military Governor ’s Barracks in any province
US Marines ( United States ) —
These are some of the toughest and bravest soldiers the United States can boast .
Either on land or at sea this unit is a fighting force above all else .
The marines ’ greatest strength alongside their flexibility and speed in combat is their resolve .
They will rarely if ever run from a fight once committed , often preferring to fight to the death than hand an inch of ground to the enemy .
Single player campaign requirements : Naval College in any province
Experiment after experiment confirms that a diet on the brink of starvation expands lifespan in mice and many other species .
But the molecular mechanism that links nutrition and survival is still poorly understood .
Now , researchers at the Salk Institute for Biological Studies have identified a pivotal role for two enzymes that work together to determine the health benefits of diet restriction .
When lacking one enzyme or the other , roundworms kept on a severely calorie - restricted diet no longer live past their normal lifespan , they report in the June 24 , 2009 , advance online edition of the journal Nature .
" The only other known factor regulating longevity in response to diet restriction operates at the very end of the signaling cascade , " said Howard Hughes Medical Investigator and senior author Andrew Dillin , Ph.D. , an associate professor in the Molecular and Cell Biology Laboratory .
" These two enzymes are further up the ladder , bringing us closer to the receptor that receives the signal for throwing the switch to promote a healthy lifespan . "
Identifying the receptor may allow researchers to design drugs that mimic the signal and could lead to new treatments for age - related diseases .
This could enable us to reap the health benefits of calorie restriction without adhering to extreme diets in which the satisfying feel of a full stomach is strictly off limits .
Although lifestyle factors such as obesity clearly influence life expectancy , genetic factors are considered central to the process of aging .
To date , there are only three known genetic networks that ensure youthfulness when manipulated .
One centers on the insulin / insulin growth factor - 1 , which regulates metabolism and growth ; the second is driven by mitochondria , the cell 's power plants ; and the third is linked to diet restriction .
But first author Andrea C. Carrano , Ph.D. , a postdoctoral researcher in American Cancer Society Professor Tony Hunter 's laboratory , had n't set out to unravel the molecular connection between dietary restriction and increased lifespan when she started to investigate the role of the mammalian enzyme WWP - 1 .
" I only knew that WWP - 1 was a ubiquitin ligase and that mammalian cells contain three copies , which would make it difficult to study its function . "
Ubiquitin ligases work in tandem with so called ubiquitin - conjugating enzymes to attach a chain of ubiquitin molecules to other proteins .
This process , called ubiquitination , flags protein substrates for destruction but can also serve as a regulatory signal .
advertisement
Since the laboratory roundworm Caenorhabditis elegans only contains one copy , Carrano teamed up with Salk researcher Dillin , who studies aging and longevity in C. elegans .
Initial experiments revealed that worms without the WWP - 1 gene seemed normal but were more susceptible to various forms of stress .
" This finding was the first hint that WWP - 1 might play a role in the aging process since mutations that affect stress very often correlate with longevity , " she says .
Prompted by the findings , Carrano's next set of experiments focused on WWP - 1's potential role in the regulation of lifespan .
When she genetically engineered worms to overexpress WWP - 1 , well - fed worms lived on average 20 percent longer .
Deleting PHA - 4 , which was discovered in Dillin 's lab and so far is the only gene known to be essential for lifespan extension in response to diet restriction , abolished the life - extending effects of additional WWP - 1 placing the ubiquitin ligase as a central rung on the same genetic ladder as PHA - 4 .
Without WWP - 1 , cutting down on calories no longer staved off death .
When a study by others found that UBC - 18 interacts with WWP -1 , Carrano wondered whether it could play a role in diet - restriction - induced longevity as well .
She first confirmed that the UBC - 18 functions as an ubiquitin - conjugating enzyme and gives WWP - 1 a hand .
She then tested whether it played a role in lifespan regulation .
" Overexpression of UBC - 18 was not enough to extend the lifespan of worms but depleting it negated the effects of caloric restriction , " says Carrano , who is busy looking for potential substrates of the UBC - 18 - WWP - 1 ubiquitination complex .
" The WWP - 1 pathway is highly conserved between worms and mammals and could play a role in the human aging process , " says senior author Tony Hunter , Ph.D. , a professor in the Molecular and Cell Biology Laboratory .
" We did n't expect that this protein would be involved in the regulation of lifespan but it is very exciting when experiments lead you in a surprising direction . "
This work was supported by the National Institutes of Health , the Ellison Medical and Glenn Medical Foundations , the American Cancer Society and the Rossi Endowment .
Zheng Liu , Ph.D. , a research associate , in the Dillin Laboratory also contributed to the work .
Tea v. coffee :
Which one is better for you ?
Photo by mag
The rivalry between these two libation titans is long - standing .
Tea fanatics preach endlessly about the various health benefits of brewed leaves while coffee lovers consistently chronicle their endless appreciation for ground beans .
WHAT ’S A FENCE - sitter to do ?
While the taste debate is still heatedly contested , tea has been scientifically proven to be much healthier for the human body than coffee .
Next to its caffeine content , coffee does n’t do much else for its fans .
If you ’re trying to decide which drink is better for you in the long run , it ’s tea by far .
Below are 10 reasons why you ’ll be doing your body a favor by incorporating the ancient beverage into your everyday diet .
1. Tea ’s rich in antioxidants .
Photo by R. Motti
Teas contain high levels of polyphenols , which function as powerful antioxidants that protect your body from free radicals .
Heart disease , diabetes , and cancer are all contributed to by the damage done by free radicals .
Antioxidants aid in preventing and repairing such damage .
2. Tea has less caffeine than coffee .
Photo by eyeore2710
High amounts of caffeine can raise blood pressure and health professionals generally recommend a maximum daily coffee consumption of four 8 - oz cups .
Tea , on the other hand , contains much less caffeine than coffee , allowing tea aficionados to enjoy more of the healthful brewed concoction each day .
3 . Tea fights cancer .
A number of scientific studies have found that antioxidants may slow or possibly prevent the development of cancer .
Because tea is high in antioxidants , drinking it regularly can help ward off cancer .
4 . Tea fights heart disease .
Tea protects the heart by relaxing blood vessels , inhibiting clots , and reducing cholesterol levels .
Its high antioxidant levels also help ensure your heart ’s health .
5 . Tea wards off osteoporosis .
Photo by okinawa soba
Coffee ’s high caffeine content can contribute to osteoporosis , but green and black teas can help maintain bone health .
Studies have found that people who drink tea five times a week have significantly better bone health than those who rarely drink tea .
6 . Tea kick starts metabolism .
Coffee is an effective method of suppressing your appetite , but tea will actually give your metabolism the kick it needs to burn calories and fat .
For those looking to lose weight , tea is better and more helpful in the long run .
7 . Not addictive
Photo by selva
Coffee lovers know this to be true .
The high amounts of caffeine in that delicious morning cup make it hard , sometimes impossible , to resist .
Tea , however , contains significantly less amounts of caffeine which frees your wallet from the puppet strings of your local cafe !
Add the health benefits of drinking tea helping you avoid future medical bills and you ’ve got a drink that protects your body as well as your bank account .
Betcha did n’t see that one coming .
8. Tea reduces high blood pressure .
Caffeine can cause a temporary spike in blood pressure , which is bad news for those who have already been diagnosed with hypertension .
Because tea helps relax blood vessels , it can actually reduce your blood pressure .
That ’s good news , no ?
9 . Tea prevents tooth decay .
Photo by estherase
Coffee can contribute to brittle teeth , whereas tea helps inhibit the bacteria that lead to cavities .
Fewer cavities mean a more brilliant smile to catch that neighborhood cutie ’s eye .
Who knew drinking tea could improve your love life ?
10 . Tea treats inflammation .
Studies have found the catechins in tea help reduce bladder and skin inflammations .
This is good news for your body , inside and out !
Though tea surpasses coffee in terms of health benefits by leaps and bounds , coffee does present its own merits for the human body .
For example , caffeine can help alleviate asthma and enhance the pain - relieving effects of aspirin .
Unfortunately in the long run , the benefits of coffee still pale in comparison to those of tea .
So , whether you enjoy green , black , oolong , or Earl Grey , you are doing your body a wonderful favor by brewing that next healthful pot of tea .
Are you a tea drinker or a coffee lover ?
And where in the world have you had your most memorable cuppa ?
Let us know in the comments !
" We had a coder for our project named Clyde , " Robert B. writes , " who would have been much happier coding in C , but we had good reasons for choosing VB instead .
To make up for the ease of coding in VB , Clyde would eschew the simple way of doing things .
No calls to well - defined common routines for him ; no , he would code deeply inscrutable functions to accomplish even the simplest tasks .
" Eventually , it came time to move the application to a new , web - based platform .
We were n't porting the code – after a decade of Rapid Application Development , it was an unholy amalgamation of conflicting ' common ' routines and wildly divergent programming styles .
But we did have to document the functionality behind the existing system .
" A colleague and I spent half a day trying to figure out this one check :
bSkipYearCheck = False If Year (( CVDate( datYrEnd_Dt ) + 1 ) ) - 1 = iYear Then bSkipYearCheck = True End If
" We finally determined that the only time bSkipYearCheck would be True would be if the date was 12/31/( iYear ) .
Or to be more specific , it would only be true if the date was the last day of iYear :
Add one to the date , get the year , subtract one from that year , and see if it matches the current year .
" Why not just check on datYrEnd_Dt = 12/31/( iYear ) ?
There 's only one reason we could think of .
Clyde wanted his function to be future - proof .
Over time , the Earth 's orbit will expand , and eventually December might have 32 days , or even more !
But even as the planet is being evaporated in the outer atmosphere of an expanding red giant , Clyde 's code will correctly tell whether we are at the last day of the year , and can skip the year check later in the routine . "
Recently I saw one of Intel ’s new TV commercials , oddly enough as I was standing in line at Dunkin Donuts waiting for a coffee .
It was playing on the TV positioned perfectly for everyone in line to see , no doubt taking your mind off the wait .
I thought this commercial was so awesome I grabbed my cell phone and called my office phone number to remind myself to write a blog post about Intel , the commercial and how inventors are indeed rock stars !
As an inventor myself , and a patent attorney who comes in contact with inventors from all walks of life , levels of experience and technology backgrounds , I thought to myself that this commercial is completely brilliant .
Way to go Intel , and thanks for making it cool to be an inventor !
The inventor profiled in this original Intel commercial is Ajay Bhatt , who is presently an Intel Fellow and Chief Client Architect .
His biography on the Intel website does not mention his “ rock star ” status , and is rather dry really .
He has no doubt achieved important heights while working with Intel , but the only paragraph of his bio that even mentions USB technology , which the commercial highlights as the reason for his rock star status , says :
Bhatt is an industry - recognized expert in the area of I /O technologies .
At Intel , Bhatt has been instrumental in driving definition and development of broadly adopted technologies such as USB , Accelerated Graphics Port , PCI Express , Platform Power management architecture and various chipset enhancements .
Bhatt joined Intel in 1990 as a senior staff architect on the chipset architecture team in Folsom .
Obviously , those who came up with this commercial are not responsible for the Intel website , or perhaps Intel wants to just keep a low profile on its own website and not overly play up Bhatt and his contribution .
That is unfortunate though , because this Intel TV commercial is something that is so easy to understand .
Even politicians should be able to comprehend the message , which would be very welcome indeed since they do not seem all that interested in pursuing patent reform or an agenda that is calculated to succeed in jump starting the economy and helping inventors and small businesses do what they have always done during recessions ; namely lead the path forward to the creation of new industries and the development of new technologies that create high paying jobs for American workers .
I have been writing for months now that in order for the economy to get out of the doldrums brought on by the mortgage crisis , the housing crisis , the lack of leadership in Washington D.C. crisis and the banking crisis , we need to unleash the inventive power of America .
During recessions creative people invent , incorporate , file patent applications , get patents and find funding to build businesses and hire employees .
The economic activity that inventing can create is staggering , but so much is wrong with the patent system that I wonder whether innovation can provide the answer it always does to economic downturns .
There is certainly inventing going on , businesses are forming , patent applications are being filed , but patents are not issuing quick enough and that means no funding is available , or when available vanishes when patents are not issued or take to long to issue .
Something needs to be done , and very soon .
The Patent Office is taking important steps to once again issue patents , and are even working on doing that in a relevant time frame , but the problem created under the leadership of PTO Directors Rogan and Dudas has left the patent system in crisis mode .
What Congress needs to do is step up to the plate , recognize that inginuity and innovation can lead to economic growth , and fund the Patent Office to a level required to dig into the backlog and issue patents sooner rather than later .
We all know that patent reform is dying , which is a good thing .
It will go the way of patent reform from years past , including last year .
There will be no great funeral , no pronouncement of death , no last rights administered .
Patent reform will just vanish off into the great abyss that is Capitol Hill , never to be mentioned again until some point in time when proponents believe this time it is for real and we really have the votes .
I am not going to hold my breath .
I have heard that all before , and I am sure I will hear it all again .
This so - called patent reform was terrible , did n’t address any of the real issues facing the Patent Office and would have created more work for the Patent Office , further damaging the patent system by expanding patent pendency and perhaps lowering the allowance rate .
Now that Intel is publicly making it seem cool to be an inventor , what inventors need to do is stand up and be counted .
You need to write to Congress , write to the President and let them know that it is about time that they undertake actions that are calculated to succeed , and calculated to help inventors , entrepreneurs , small businesses and start - up companies .
After all , inventors are rock stars !
Perhaps this newly appreciated pop-culture approved rock star status could help the cause , who knows ?
It certainly ca n’t hurt .
A weblog of algorithms , analyses , adventures and anecdotes from a lover of Math and Programming .
( If your device has problems displaying this blog properly , try using http://goo.gl/MUyY)
Faster than expected melting ice caps in Greenland and Antarctica , are putting billions of California coastal properties at risk in the coming century , reports Bloomberg .
A gain of 1.4 meters ( 5 feet ) possible by the end of the century might flood almost $ 100 billion worth of property , from luxury homes to 330 hazardous - waste sites , the Pacific Institute estimated in new research done with state energy officials .
The San Francisco Bay area would be most affected , the report said .
“ Flooding and erosion pose a threat to communities along the California coast , and there is compelling evidence that these risks will increase , ” the Oakland , California - based group said using data prepared for the state ’s Energy Commission .
Scientists forecasting climate change are increasingly gauging how much warmer temperatures can expand the volume of water and melt edges of land - based ice caps in Greenland and Antarctica .
Higher sea levels do n’t spread uniformly across the globe due to natural causes , including ocean - current variations .
The good news is most Californians can still enjoy their beachfront property for now .
If they want to provide the same for their great grandchildren , though , they might want to pick up some property inland now , while it 's still a little cheaper .
Designed by Wallflower Architecture +
Design , the private residence at Six Ramsgate in Singapore is the definition of open concept living .
By zoning spaces such as the bedrooms and servants ’ quarters on alternative levels , i.e. 2nd storey and basement levels , the ground plane is freed from walls that would have been required if public and private programs were interlaced on the same plane .
Embrace your Space
The site is approximately 82 feet ( 25 m ) wide by 157 feet ( 48 m ) deep , and because of the intermingling of internal gardens and column - free vistas , there is a continuous and unbroken visual depth of 131 feet ( 40 m ) that ties together the entrance foyer , swimming pool , formal living area , internal garden court and formal dining areas .
An Open Concept to Cooling
The environmental transparencies at ground level and between courtyards are important in passively cooling the house .
All the courtyards have differing material finishes and therefore differing heat gain and latency ( water , grass , water , granite ) .
As long as there are temperature differences between courtyards , the living , dining , and pool house become conduits for breezes that move in between the courtyards very much like how land and sea breezes are generated .
The use of thick masonry walls on either side of the house keep temperature gradients small within the house and also act as enormous ‘ ducting ’ in guiding air currents between courtyards .
Cool , calm , collected .
Nice bathtub facuet
See those slats on the second floor ?
Swivel action for breezes and shadow play
A great setting for a sword fight , say Beatrix Kiddo vs O - Ren Ishii ?
Shadow play , so photogenic right now
PROJECT VITALS
Project Title : Six Ramsgate
Location : 6 Ramsgate Road , Singapore
Site Area : 3,937 square feet | 1,200 square meters
Built - In Area : 2,805 square feet | 855 square meters
Architecture firm : Wallflower Architecture +
Design
Architect - in- charge : Robin Tan
Design Team : Robin Tan , Cecil Chee & Sean Zheng
Sources
– http://www.wallflower.com.sg/
– http://www.contemporist.com/2009/05/13/the-six-ramsgate-residence-by-wallflower-architecture/
All photography by Albert Lim Koon Seng .
An architectural photographer based in Singapore whose images have been published extensively in architectural journals such as A + U , MIMAR , Singapore Architect , World Architecture , SPACE and Monument .
His photographs havel also illustrated numerous books , including Modern Tropical Architecture and Singapore : Architecture of a Global City .
His work has illustrated exhibitions at the Venice Biennale and Aedes East , Berlin .
If you enjoyed this article , the Sifter highly recommends : An Elegant Solution to a Long and Narrow Space
Gatorade Plant Draws on Solar Energy
February 2nd , 2009 by Dave Tyler
When you think of Gatorade and green , you probably think of that neonish color in the beverage .
Maybe something along the lines of what Steelers coach Mike Tomlin got doused with last night .
But the sports drink maker is also using solar power at a factory in Arizona to reduce reliance on the electric grid and control costs .
The Arizona Republic reports that Gatorade installed a 500 - kilowatt solar system occupying more than an acre and a half on the roof of the distribution center attached to its manufacturing complex in Tolleson .
That makes it Arizona ’s largest customer - owned solar project .
The panels allow Gatorade to save 40 percent on its electric costs for the distribution center .
Gatorade ’s panels will produce about 783,000 kwh per year — enough to power 51 households — and will offset about 392 metric tons of carbon dioxide a year , the newspaper reports .
The company received a variety of incentives to install the system , including $ 1.2 million from the Salt River Project utility .
While Arizona has seem some impressive solar installations recently , solar use is still relatively low , the newspaper said .
That ’s probably because power remains fairly cheap , and businesses do n’t want to make the investment it would take to add panels .
Gatorade and parent Pepsi Co. have been adding green buildings at facilities around the country , including opening what was then the largest green food and beverage facility in the world in Virginia 2007 .
Pepsi
Co says it plans to increase such investments when expansions happen .
Photo credit : Sandia National Laboratory
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Generally , web hosting servers can be categorized as a dedicated server and shared web hosting server .
There are many websites that are hosted through shared web hosting server as because of its affordable pricing .
A user can easily go for shared web hosting server by paying less amount , but for the dedicated server , he needs to pay more price as it is expensive in comparison to a shared web server .
On a shared web hosting server , there can be a number of sites say from 1500 to 2000 sites .
On the shared web hosting server , all the sites show discrepancy due to the availability of disk space , allowed bandwidth per site and overall speed .
No doubt that shared web hosting is reliable and has minimum tribulations , but still , it 's not a better option then the dedicated web hosting .
In case of a dedicated web hosting a user is allowed to have a server that is exclusively dedicated to his site .
In dedicated hosting the user also gets the complete authority to control and administer his server .
A user should go for the dedicated hosting only after having the proper knowledge of it .
A user will get the proper technical support in dedicated hosting also he will find it easier if he is having the technical expertise to handle the server himself .
If it is not possible for a user to manage his server by himself , he should go for a managed dedicated server hosting .
Basically , this alternative is for those who desire to have dedicated web hosting but do not have the essential knowledge to manage it .
A user is allowed to have an entire server managed by an expert hosting company along with this service .
The charges of a managed dedicated server are quite high .
If a user thinks that he can easily move and manage his website server by himself , he should definitely go for an unmanaged dedicated server web hosting rather than a managed dedicated server .
When a user founds that the traffic to his site has increased substantially and his site is taking too much time to load , he should immediately shift to a dedicated server web hosting .
After studying the traffic to his site , a user will decide whether to go for a dedicated server or not .
The foremost thing to comprehend is that when a user has many users working concurrently on his website , he should definitely swap his shared web hosting with a dedicated server web hosting .
As like shared web hosting , a dedicated server web hosting does not use to share its server with other websites , a user will feel like having the total authority over his server operation and its bandwidth .
Dedicated server web hosting has many benefits , one of the valuable features of them is that it can also be remotely configured and operated .
The only barrier is the one that needs to pay a lot more for his dedicated server web hosting as compared to his shared web hosting .
A user does not mind to pay more for dedicated hosting as it provides the best services .
Before going to a dedicated server web hosting provider , a user should consider that it should provide him good network stability , reliable operation , and the ease of operation of complicated applications .
A dedicated server web hosting provider is the best option for the one who is serious about his online existence .
2009 Audi A4
The 2009 Audi A4 holds a distinction of itself as one of the models of Audi that has revived the brand .
The current A4 is the 4th generation of Audi A4 and comes in three different configurations – sedan , wagon and convertible .
The sedan and wagon are actually in their fourth generation , but the convertible configuration has been launched for the first time in A4 segment .
Compared to earlier models the 2009 Audi A4 has better and spacious interiors , luxury , comfort level , improved driving dynamics , better aerodynamic designs , aesthetic exteriors , and specifications .
It comes loaded with high tech gadgets and well furnished interiors .
The Audi A4 convertible is still under manufacturing process and has not hit the market yet .
Overview
2009 Audi A4 has more comfort , more safety , and wider range of innovative systems , improved driving pleasure and technical equipment that you become the supreme authoritarian of the vehicle as you drive sitting inside the comfortable cockpit .
The car has really been outstanding when it comes to performance and comfort .
According to various sources like Topgear , MSN Autos , Yahoo Autos , the new Audi A4 falls in the line of generation of cars like R8 and A5 that has really learnt how to ride .
It has been able to highlight features that define new cars and demand of present generation !
Let us have a detailed report on various aspects of the car .
Interior Comfort
As already stated the 2009 Audi A4 is much better now .
The car is quiet , composed and comfortable than earlier A4s .
The interior of the car has roomy space and comes equipped with new attractive décor .
A ride in it feels like a class above .
You have high level of comfort in this car .
The focus of the vehicle ’s interior is in the cockpit and comfort packages that the car provides like cruise control , driver information system , and alike that make the cabin a completely functional ambience .
The interior of Audi A4 depicts high attentive and skilled craftsmanship .
Clear cut structures and strong shapes make an exclusive ambience inside the sedan .
Usage of high grade leather , fabrics , aluminum , wood and other such material in decorating the interior provides statement of styling that is very rare .
2009 Audi A4 has received highest ratings from critics for its glossy and luxurious interior .
All the functional elements are located just at places where they are needed for the driver and can be immediately handed .
Ergonomic seats , comfort oriented attributes , active heat restraints , sidegaurd head rest protection , air bag system and comprehensive safety features make the sedan a pleasure to drive it .
Exterior Enhancements
A4 has some changes in its exterior designing too that provide great and muscular looks to the car .
2009 Audi A4 has now the Audi ’s signature LED running lights that was first seen on R8 sports car .
The car is equipped with single piece radiator grill which is the new language of design for additional strength .
The car has gentle curves , and strong lines which provide physicality to the beast .
Two flat taillights put the accent on the rear end styling of the car .
16 , 17 , and 18 inch steel or alloy wheels depend on the engine specs of your car .
The wheels of 2009 Audi A4 provide highly individual touch to the vehicle .
Engine and Performance
2009 Audi A4 is comes with two engine specifications – it is either equipped with 2.0 TFSI 4 cylinder engine which has quite good power and performance .
The 140 bhp is reasonably quick and the car accelerates 0 - 62 mph in 9.4 seconds .
It can be configured wit either two wheel drive or Audi ’s Quattro all wheel drive system .
This new Quattro system distributes power dynamically and asymmetrically between all four wheels .
If one wheel loses grips the new system will redistribute the power for effective driving .
But the greatest rejoice of the car is the 3.2 FSI V6 engine .
This engine is offered exclusively for the sedan and has the new Quattro all wheel drive system and 6 - speed Tiptronic transmission .
It pumps out a power of torque of 330 Nm @ 3000 rpm and 265 PS @ 6500 rpm .
The engine can enable you to receive the feat of 0 - 62 mph in just 6.4 seconds .
This powerful engine is comparatively less thirsty than other engines of the same configuration in other cars .
Mileage
The tank capacity of 2009 Audi A4 depends on the model of engine .
A 64 - liter capacity tank is fitted in 3.2 FSI model and 70 - liter capacity for 2.0 TFSI .
Both the engines are wonderful in providing superb mileage .
The 2.0 liter TFSI can endow with you a mileage of 35 mpg on highways and 28 mpg on city roads , while the powerful 3.2 FSI can offers nearly 27 mpg on highways and 20 mpg on city roads .
Handling
The 2009 Audi A4 is a superb competent car which never loses it composure .
Whether you drive Quattro all wheel drive or two wheel drive , the vehicle has wonderful control and handling that can really match and high end cars .
The handling of BMW 3 Series is almost comparable to this car .
The car provides the driver to experience superior road handling and have ample control over the car .
It shifts smoothly and quickly .
The new and unique ‘ Drive Select Technology ’ of Audi A4 enables you to choose either ‘ Dynamic ’ or ‘ Comfort ’ drive modes only by operating buttons that are located at comfortable place in the vehicle .
Overall it is a good performer with new engine specs , transmission control , suspension , steering and new Quattro technology system .
Safety
Audi has taken exceptional care to safety standards on 2009 Audi A4 .
All new generation safety features are equipped in the car and it comes with the features like Electronic Stability Program ( ESP ) , Antilock Braking System ( ABS ) , traction control , and others so that driver has full control over the vehicle during any sort of emergency .
Besides that the car is equipped with dual stage airbags at front and side and curtain airbags to protect commuters from any impact that occur due to collision .
Another contributing safety measure of the car is the new ‘ Servotronic ’ speed sensitive power assisted steering wheel .
Price
In spite of having such good features and updates , Audi has kept the price tag similar to its last model .
The base model of 2009 Audi A4 with 2.0 TFSI engine costs you $ 31,825 and the price moves up to $ 41,225 for the 3.2 FSI V6 engine with all the advanced features .
Though the base model is priced $ 31,825 , but as your choices vary , the price of the car also varies .
The price of base model with Quattro advanced system will cost you more than base price .
Such added features go on increasing the price of the car .
Critics however have liked the pricing standard of the car .
Other brands with such features would have at least marked it more than $ 50,000 because of the power and comfort that the car offers .
But the best trim of 2009 Audi A4 costs you not more than $ 42,000 .
Thus , the new 2009 Audi A4 with its more powerful engine , excellent fuel economy , and attractive features and exterior styling proves itself as a classy compact luxury sedan .
With its appeal it can match almost all its rivals in all respects – power , raw speed , mileage and excellent handling !
You all may remember Russell Tice , the whistleblower who recently stepped forward to reveal that the Bush administration 's NSA spying program included journalists and thousands of ordinary Americans .
Bill O'Reilly says he wanted to " interview " Tice but he declined .
And goodness , we just can't imagine why .
So Fox sent attack - dog producer Jesse Waters and one of those crack Fox ambush crews to ambush Tice outside of his home .
You can judge the performance for yourselves .
But in case Fox 's producers wonder why Tice would n't go on their program , they need only watch Waters ' performance here to realize why he was wise to refuse .
Fox was n't interested in what he had to say or what evidence he might possess -- it only wanted to score some points against Tice and try to discredit his testimony .
And incidentally , since it 's clear O'Reilly does n't understand such things ( since it 's been decades since he 's been anything approaching a real journalist in any serious sense of the word ) , the word of an eyewitness to such activities is usually considered sound evidence they occurred , both in the journalistic world as well as in a court of law .
Tice , for those who may not recall , was a major source on the original NSA wiretapping story , and for that he faced a right wing smear job depicting him as " mentally unstable " .
One can only imagine what an interview with O'Reilly would have been like .
Considering some of his recent tirades , it seems likely he'd have come uncorked in classic " Do it live ! " style .
I do n't know about you , but I find these ambush interviews -- particularly when they go to people 's homes and harass them while they 're unpacking their groceries -- profoundly disturbing .
Not only are they deeply unethical , they 're also so invasive of people 's privacy rights that they have a distinctly totalitarian aspect -- especially when so obviously in the service of right - wing authoritarian propaganda .
So spread the word :
If a Fox News ambush crew approaches you , give them a single answer , repeatedly : Andrea Mackris .
Andrea Mackris .
It 's the only way they 'll leave you alone .
Otherwise , they 'll just use cheap and journalistically disgraceful tactics like these to use you so they can spew their propaganda .
Perhaps you ’ve heard ?
Officials in Washington , D.C. are terrified over the specter of “ deflation ” .
While inflation is usually considered to be an evil , the government is willing to print up untold sums to avoid what it sees as the calamity of falling prices .
Why are falling prices so bad ?
Actually they ’re not bad at all , they ’re a good thing .
Falling prices means things are more affordable and plentiful , which is the natural state for a growing economy .
The tech industry , one of the most economically lively and societally transformative , has been in a constant state of deflation from the very beginning .
Think about Moore ’s Law , falling broadband prices , cheaper computers , ubiquitous cell phones , etc. Deflation .
It ’s all good .
But the government hates deflation because it ’s bad for borrowers .
The government , with its multi-trillion annual deficits , is the biggest borrower around .
As a borrower , the government would prefer inflation — essentially paying off its debt through freshly printed currency .
In a state of deflation , the government ’s monster debt remains the same , but the tax base shrinks as prices and wages all go lower .
Yet that ’s precisely what the Internet is doing .
Sure , tech has always been a deflationary force , but it ’s at the point where it ’s really creating hyper - efficiencies and price pressure across all industries simultaneously .
It ’s contributing to the collapse in real estate prices , car sales , travel industry profits , you name it .
It ’s basically done hollowing out media industry profits , for good .
And as any self - respecting Web 2.0 windbag can tell you , it ’s creating new markets where reputation and attention serve as substitutes for money .
Historically , market forces and price signals have been the primary way in which a society regulates itself , but the Internet is providing ways to replace it .
And these new non-money markets ca n’t be taxed .
In a vacuum , this is all great stuff .
It ’s creative destruction , and that ’s a good thing , even if the collapse of old industries is painful .
But we can survive old industries collapsing .
That ’s progress .
Yet this progress for all people comes by creating a less - monetary , cheaper economy that will provide serious tax collection headaches for the government , which took out trillions in loans , thinking that the status quo would last forever .
When the government goes bust , that wo n’t be quite as pretty or societally comfortable as when a legacy industry goes under .
( This post originally appeared as a column at peHUB )
After a gruelling 73 days each dragging 110kg of equipment in temperatures 40 degrees below zero , polar explorers Pen Hadow , Ann Daniels and Martin Hartley are now safely home in the UK spring sunshine .
Despite the hardships they endured , including severe food rations due to delayed supply drops and equipment failures due to the extreme conditions , the team managed to manually take over 1500 measurements of snow and sea ice thickness over their 434 km trek towards the North Pole .
The Catlin Arctic Survey explorers covered over 400 km on foot in gruelling conditions .
The aim of the Catlin Arctic Survey expedition was to produce a comprehensive set of sea ice and snow thickness data in the Arctic .
However , failure of their measuring system meant the explorers had to rely on manual drilling to gather the data .
Taking measurements for up to three hours a day slowed their progress across the ice , but they persevered and the data has already produced some surprising results .
The route was designed to take them over a variety of sea ice , from ice that refreezes annually to older ice that survives the summer thaw .
Pen Hadow revealed that over the length of the survey the average thickness of the sea ice was 1.774 metres .
" This seems to suggest it was almost all first year ice .
Our science advisors had told us to expect thicker , older ice on at least part of the route , so it is something of a mystery where that older ice has gone .
It 'll be interesting to see what scientists think about this . "
Climate models predict the Arctic sea ice could disappear in the next 50 years , perhaps even as soon as in the next decade .
The future of the Arctic sea ice is vital not just to the ecology of the region , it also plays an integral role in governing the future global climate .
One way to understand the effect of decreasing sea ice is using an energy balance model .
If you place a stone in a fire , the stone will heat up and start emitting energy in the form of heat to its surroundings .
After some time the amount of energy it absorbs will equal the amount it emits , and the stone will be in thermal equilibrium .
The majority of the Earth 's energy is from radiation from the Sun , in the form of visible sunlight and other radiation .
Energy balance models assume that , like a stone in a fire , the Earth is in thermal equilibrium and the amount of solar energy it absorbs is equal to the amount of energy it emits back into space .
However , the Earth does not absorb all of the 1.75x1011 megawatts of solar energy that arrives from the Sun every second .
Energy is reflected from some of the Earth 's surface , primarily from white areas such as the polar ice caps .
The proportion of the energy that is reflected back into space is called the Earth 's albedo , and has a current value of around 0.32 .
The Earth radiates energy back into space in the form of heat , which depends on the average temperature across the globe .
However , some of this energy is absorbed by the atmosphere in the greenhouse effect .
The effect of the Earth 's atmosphere is measured by the emisivity of the Earth — the ratio between energy that is radiated into space and the amount that would be emitted if the Earth had no atmosphere .
The current estimate of the emissivity is 0.55 .
The Boltzmann law relates the average temperature on Earth to the energy it emits as follows :
( 1 - a ) S = e T4 .
Here a is the albedo , S is the amount of solar energy , e is the emissivity , and T is the global average temperature in Kelvin .
This model gives a good approximation of today 's average global temperature of 286 °K or 13 °C using current values of albedo , solar energy and emissivity .
If a large part of the Arctic sea ice were to melt , then the equation predicts that the value of albedo would decrease .
A decrease in the albedo to 0.25 would raise the global average temperature to 20°C .
Similarly , more greenhouse gases in the atmosphere decrease the Earth 's emissivity and this , according to the equation , also causes a rise in temperature .
A decrease of emissivity to 0.55 would raise the global average temperature to 21°C .
Thus , according to this simple model , both the melting of the ice caps and an increasing amount of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere cause global warming .
While this is a simplified model , it illustrates the vital role the ice caps have in controlling the Earth 's climate .
More complicated models also predict the dramatic global consequences of the loss of Arctic sea ice .
The data gathered by Hadow and his team will be fed into more sophisticated climate models and hopefully contribute to more accurate predictions .
We can only hope that more accurate data about the state of our planet will spur politicians and policy makers into action against climate change — the one thing the explorers ' efforts have shown us , is that we are moving on very thin ice .
Further reading
US congressional leaders and the most powerful pro-Israel lobby group in the US are attempting to forestall a significant shift in the White House 's Middle East policy .
The move comes amid growing signs that the US president , Barack Obama , intends to press for urgent efforts to be made towards the creation of a Palestinian state .
The Israeli prime minister , Binyamin Netanyahu , is visiting Washington later this month amid growing expectations that Obama is preparing to take a tougher line over Israel 's reluctance to actively seek a two - state solution to its conflict with the Palestinians .
It will be the first time that Netanyahu and Obama have met since both were elected .
The American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( Aipac ) this week sent hundreds of lobbyists to urge members of Congress to sign a letter to Obama .
The letter , written by two House of Representatives leaders , calls for Israel to be allowed to set the pace of negotiations .
The lobbying came despite critics saying Netanyahu has consistently failed to commit himself to the creation of a Palestinian state .
The letter calls for the maintenance of the status quo , with an emphasis on Palestinian institution - building before there can be an end to Israeli occupation .
It says the US " must be both a trusted mediator and devoted friend of Israel " .
Aipac 's move to put pressure on members of Congress came at the end of its annual conference in Washington this week .
Some of the loudest applause at the gathering came in response to calls for military attacks on Iran 's nuclear facilities – something Netanyahu has attempted to portray as a more urgent issue than the Palestinian question .
But Aipac delegates were told by the US vice - president , Joe Biden , that the administration favours " mutual respect " in dealing with Iran .
Biden said the Israeli - Palestinian conflict strengthened Iran 's strategic position and Israel must take concrete steps – including fulfilling often - broken commitments to stop the expansion of Jewish settlements – towards the creation of a Palestinian state .
Last week , General James Jones , Obama 's national security adviser , told a European foreign minister that the new administration would be " forceful " with Israel , according to a classified Israeli memo reported by the Ha'aretz newspaper .
Jones was quoted as saying that Obama believes Washington , the EU and moderate Arab states must define " a satisfactory endgame solution " .
" The new administration will convince Israel to compromise on the Palestinian question , " he was quoted as saying .
" We will not push Israel under the wheels of a bus , but we will be more forceful toward Israel than we have been under Bush . "
During his election campaign , Obama alarmed Israel 's hardline supporters by saying he regarded the lack of a resolution to the conflict as a " constant sore " that " infect [s ] all of our foreign policy " .
Netanyahu dare not openly defy Washington , and yesterday told the Aipac conference by satellite that he was ready for negotiations with the Palestinians .
But Aipac has moved to counter any new White House initiative by trying to mobilise Congress against it through the letter , written by two people seen as extremely close to the lobby group – Steny Hoyer , the Democratic majority leader in the House of Representatives , and Eric Cantor , the Republican whip .
The two men addressed an Aipac banquet attended by more than half the members of Congress on Monday , each standing in turn at a " roll call " of support for Israel .
On the face of it , the letter is a call for a peace , but its specifics urge Obama to maintain years of US policy that has tacitly accepted Israeli stalling of peace negotiations .
The letter says that " the best way to achieve future success between Israelis and Palestinians will be by adhering to basic principles that have undergirded our policy " .
These include " acceptance that the parties themselves must negotiate the details of any agreement " as well as demanding that the Palestinians first " build the institutions necessary for a viable state " before gaining independence .
Jeremy Ben - Ami , the leader of J - street , a pro-Israel lobby group that favours the swift establishment of a Palestinian state , said that , while Aipac claims it supports a two - state solution , the letter is an attempt to prevent the White House from putting pressure on Israel to make that happen .
" They do n't come right out and say we do n't want Israel to make concessions , we do n't want Israel to leave the West Bank , " he said .
" They 'll say , ' Of course we believe there should be peace ' .
But then they 'll do what this letter does .
" They 'll say , ' When the Israeli government decides it is ready to have a two - state solution , then there 'll be a two - state solution ' . "
Aipac wields considerable influence in the US Congress .
Its critics say that what amounts to bullying pressure tactics has narrowed the room for debate about Israel , and claim the group has played a leading role in unseating some members of Congress who were critical of the Jewish state 's policies .
" The device will require either a Simply Everything / Simply Everything Data Plan or a Business Essentials Data Plan .
Even if you
are an existing customer , you must switch to one of the approved plans . "
" What 's the point of Cobra given the existence of Python ? "
The answer is that Cobra has several advantages over Python as described below :
Better error checking
Cobra has more compile - time error checking .
For example , Python can throw a NameError at any point during run-time due to mispelling a variable name , but Cobra catches these errors at compile - time .
Furthermore , because Python is throwing run-time exceptions for some of these simple errors , they only get reported one at a time and each instance requires a new run of your program .
Cobra saves time when it reports multiple errors at once .
Cobra allows simple local variable assignments like Python , but gives a warning if they are never used .
This catches typos that Python simply ignores :
class Foo def bar ( name as String ) if name is nil namee = ' ( noname ) ' # <-- typo gives warning in Cobra , silent bug in Python
Cobra also has optional static typing which can clarify the interface to a method and catch more errors at compile - time :
class Person def drive( v as Vehicle ) pass
The typed arguments are convenient to include and enable the compiler to catch problems before execution .
However , if you want dynamic variables that can be assigned to anything , passed anywhere and have any methods invoked on them with no complaints from the complier , then you can have that :
class Person def drive ( v ) # any usage of v is late bound print v.name
Python programmers must eliminate run-time " None errors " from their programs where accessing " obj.foo " gives :
AttributeError : ' NoneType ' object has no attribute ' foo '
And likewise , C# and Visual Basic programmers must deal with the equivalent ( the NullReferenceException ) .
But one of Cobra 's more unique features is compile - time nil checking ( " None " in Python is called " nil " in Cobra ) .
Cobra types that are not suffixed with a question mark are not allowed to be nil , while types that are suffixed are called " nilable types " :
class Person var _name as String cue init ( name as String ) _name = name class People Factory def makePerson ( name as String ? ) as Person return Person ( name ) # <-- compile - time error .
Cannot pass String ? for String # one resolution : def makePerson ( name as String ? ) as Person if name return Person ( name ) # compiler understands that name is non-nil at this point else throw FallThroughException ( name ) # another resolution is to change the type : def makePerson ( name as String ) as Person return Person ( name )
So in Cobra , these nil / null / None errors are caught at compile - time and hardly ever take place during execution .
Getting them out of the way early boosts productivity .
Like Python , you can run a Cobra program directly with no direct mention of compilation or use of make files , nant , etc. :
> cobra hello.cobra
Hello , world .
You can also instruct Cobra to only compile :
> cobra - compile MyProgram.cobra Module1.cobra Module2.cobra # or a terser version of the same thing : > cobra -c MyProgram Module1 Module2
Contracts
Cobra features contracts ( as seen in Eiffel ) right out of the box .
A contract states :
What is required to call a method
What is ensured when the method is returned
Both are expressed as a list of boolean expressions , the same kinds of expressions that you would use in an assert statement .
class Person def drive( v as Vehicle ) require not v.hasDriver v.isOperable ensure v.miles > old v.miles body ...
Contracts have numerous benefits :
They become part of the documented interface to a method , showing what is expected to invoke the method and what can be relied on when the method returns .
They are technically enforced because they are executable .
They catch run-time errors early when the errors are still easy to diagnose .
They are inherited by subclass methods so they do n't need to be reimplemented ( less coding ) .
They may encourage developers to do more upfront thinking about how their classes will be used .
Unit tests
Cobra features unit tests right out of the box :
class
Foo get copy as Foo " " " Returns a new Foo that is equal to the original .
( Cobra has docstrings , too ) . " " " test f = Foo( ) c = f.copy ( ) assert c inherits
Foo assert f is not c assert f == c ensure result is not this result == this body ...
Allowing unit tests to be specified right with the method ( or class ) that they test has similar benefits to putting documentation right with methods :
The tests are more likely to be written in the first place .
The tests are more likely to be kept up to date as the method is maintained .
Another benefit is that the tests become a form of documentation for the method right along side the docstring — the tests are examples .
A similar effect can be achieved with the Python doctest utility , but that utility has the tests being placed inside the doc strings .
In Cobra , the explicit test section means that tests can enjoy syntax highlighting , IDE autocompletion , etc .
Accurate Math
Out of the box , Python performs arithmetic incorrectly :
Python 2.5 ( r25:51918 , Sep 19 2006 , 08:49:13 ) >>> .1+.1+.1+.1+.1+.1+.1+.1+.1+.1 # .1 added 10 times should come out to 1.0 0.99999999999999989 >>> assert 1.0 == .1+.1+.1+.1+.1+.1+.1+.1+.1+.1 Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " < stdin > " , line 1 , in < module > AssertionError
And Python still answers 0 for " 4 / 5 " even though 0.8 is the correct answer .
Although you can correct this to some extent with from __future__ import division you 'll still get a slightly wrong answer :
>>> from __future__ import division >>>
4 / 5 # normal division 0.80000000000000004 # <-- there is an extra ' 4 ' at the end >>>
4 // 5 # integer division 0
( Recently , it appears that Python 's repr ( ) has been " enhanced " to display 4/5 as 0.8 , but AFAIK the underlying representation is still a base 2 floating point number . )
The problem is that Python defaults to a binary floating point type even though most numbers that people input are base 10 .
To help address this Python offers an additional Decimal type that computes the correct numbers , but it must be used explicitly and , some would say , awkwardly :
from decimal import Decimal ... print Decimal ( ' 4 ' ) / Decimal ( '5 ' ) # gives : 0.8
To get the same effect in Cobra :
print 4 / 5 # gives : 0.8
So Cobra does the inverse , defaulting to an accurate decimal type and offering the floating point type as an option .
A simple " f " suffix on a number such as " 0.1f " gives the 64 - bit floating point value .
The types are builtin with the names " decimal " , " float " , " float64 " and " float32 " .
The type " float " is an alias for " float64 " .
Note that in both languages , " float " math operations are faster than " decimal " .
However , most applications should prefer accuracy over a speed boost that may not be noticeable or needed .
For the other applications that really require more speed or compatibility with floating point based libraries , Cobra offers a command line option " - number:float64 " which changes the type of literals like " 1.0 " and " 0.5 " to to float 64 .
Furthermore , Cobra provides a built - in number type which defaults to decimal but changes to float64 with this option .
You can also specify " - number:float32 " or " - number : decimal " although the latter is redundant .
Speed
Cobra compiles down to machine code right out of the box ( first to byte code and then to machine code via the virtual machine ) .
And Cobra favors static types for local variables by inferring them from their assignment .
This promotes more compile - time error checking , especially when invoking library methods .
But it also promotes speed .
Python has solutions for improving speed for its developers :
You can write some of your Python modules in C and wrap them in SWIG .
You can use Pyrex .
Or you can stay in Python and " bring in " C or C++ via Inline or Weave .
But with Cobra the speed is builtin from the beginning .
You do n't get kicked out to another language or get forced to assimilate another tool .
Here is an example of type inference :
class
Foo def bar i = 1_000_000 # i is typed as ' int ' .
The underscores help readability ( and are optional ) for j in i # numeric for loops are screaming fast .doSomething ( j ) # method calls are fast def doSomething ( i as int ) pass
Cobra 's performance is close or equal to that of C# and Java , and is therefore significantly faster than Python .
IronPython claims to be around 1.8 X faster than Python , but this is still far slower than Cobra .
Also , some users have found that IronPython can run significantly slower than CPython and Jython .
By the way , Cobra also has an " enumerable " for loop , in case you were wondering :
for item in stuff print item
Note that speed is n't just a benefit for the final delivery of your software .
Speed can affect the development cycle itself :
Edit the code .
Run the program .
Analyze the results .
Repeat .
Some applications — including financial analysis , simulation , search , neural networks , games , and more — require numerous CPU cycles which can cause Step 2 ( " Run the program " ) to become a bottleneck during development .
Cobra enables a tighter development cycle by offering high level coding and fast execution simultaneously .
Because Cobra has no Global Interpreter Lock ( GIL ) , it can run threads in parallel up to the number of cores available .
Combined with its inherent speed , you can pack a lot of computation in one process on one computer .
Designed for .
NET / Mono
Cobra creates the same kinds of classes , interfaces , method signatures , etc. that are found in C# and Visual Basic .
Consequently , you can create a class library in Cobra and comfortably vend it out to C# and Visual Basic programmers on the .NET / Mono platform .
In fact , it 's an explicit goal of Cobra to play nice with .
NET 's flagship languages so that introducing Cobra to work environments is both technically and politically feasible .
This is different than IronPython whose class libraries are not going to " feel right " or even be readily accessible to other .NET programmers .
Cobra can use any .NET libraries , whether home grown , open source or commercial , without any " bridging " or " wrapping " .
It can also benefit from .NET tools like profilers , debuggers and ORMs .
( By the way , IronPython is certainly the best choice if you have lots of existing Python code you wish to run on .NET . )
Syntactic improvements
Cobra shares much in common with Python :
indentation denotes code blocks
list literals
dictionary literals
print statement
assert statement
for foo in bar
slicing
and more ...
But Cobra does not strive to be backwards compatible with Python .
This opens the door to some improvements .
For example , here is a read - write property in Python :
# Python class Person : def __init__( self ) : self .
_name = ' ( noname ) ' def _get_name ( self ) : return self .
_name def _set_name ( self , value ) : assert isinstance ( value , str ) assert value self .
_name = value name = property ( _get_name , _set_name )
Contrast that with the equivalent Cobra :
# Cobra class Person var _name = ' ( noname ) ' pro name as String get return _name set require value _name = value
( Note that Cobra does not require indentation for a require that has only one condition .
This shorter syntax was added because that happens frequently . )
Cobra allows embedding expressions in string literals — often called " interpolated strings " in other languages .
This turns every string literal into a mini-templating language ( whose expressions are just ordinary Cobra expressions ) .
The embedding is done with surrounding brackets to make it extra clear where the expression ends :
print ' Hello , [ name ] . ' ... print ' Will execute : ' print '> [ cmd ] [ args ] ' ... print to dest , ' < ul > ' for line in _lines print to dest , ' < li >[.htmlEncode( line ) ] </ li > ' print to dest , ' < /ul > ' ... print r'No embedding here .
[ edit this ] ' # raw string
In Python , it 's common to augment assertions with a repeat of the expressions in the condition so that when the assertion fails , you 'll get useful info to troubleshoot the problem .
An example shows this better :
assert obj.total > minAmount , ' obj.total=%r , obj= %r , minAmount= %r ' % ( obj.total , obj , minAmount )
Cobra does this automatically , so you would instead write :
assert obj.total > minAmount
If the assertion fails , Cobra gives the value of every subexpression ( obj.total , obj , minAmount ) in the assertion exception 's message :
Unhandled Exception : Cobra.Lang.AssertException : location = Program.cobra:9 info = nil expressions : obj.total > minAmount = false obj.total = 5.2 obj = SampleObject minAmount = 10.0 at Program .
Main ( )
There are some other minor improvements : Cobra drops colons ( : ) , quadruple underscores , and self - itis while spelling out " else if " .
Self - hosted / Self - implemented
This point is the most subtle , but still interesting .
The Cobra compiler is implemented in Cobra .
This means that the entire time the implementors are maintaining Cobra , they are using Cobra .
This really tightens up the feedback loop on usability and bugs !
This is in contrast to most other languages that are typically implemented in some other language ( often a more primitive one ) .
That practice greatly reduces the time that the language maintainers spend using their own language .
A notable exception is the Novell Mono C# compiler which is written in C# .
However , since their goal is to embrace and comply with the C# standard ( as it should be ) , this practice wo n't necessarily lead to numerous language improvements like it does with Cobra .
Disadvantages
Documentation needs expansion .
Cobra classes are not malleable at runtime like Python classes are .
Like all budding languages , some people will pass over Cobra because it is new and , therefore , not yet popular .
Fortunately , many people do n't balk at " newness " as evidenced by the fact that many new languages of the past have gained popularity after their introduction , including Python and C# .
The same will happen for Cobra , in time .
Cobra is not yet available for the JVM ( but a port is underway ) .
The Upshot
The upshot of all of the above is the same as the original reason for creating Cobra :
I believe that these features and this approach improve developer productivity significantly .
And whether you program for a living , for fun or for both , getting more done in less time is just plain enjoyable .
It 's the reason so many of us , in the past , migrated from one language to another .
Now there is Cobra .
- Charles Esterbrook
See Also
ProFootball Talk on NBC Sports
Washington defensive end Chase Young is unlikely to play on Sunday against the Ravens .
Young suffered a moderate groin strain and is expected to miss at least one game and then be week - to - week after that , Ian Rapoport of NFL Network reports .
The second overall pick in this year 's NFL draft , Young has tremendous talent as [ more ]
Reworked the character loadout screens to support future features
Added the ability for players to permanently delete items from their inventory using the new Backpack menu .
This does not reset achievements .
Once an item has been deleted it can never be re-earned
Added the ability for players to reset their player stats using the Reset Stats button on the Stats menu .
This does not reset achievements
Added a " player_teleported " game event that is sent when a player is teleported
Updated cp_junction_final to score per-capture instead of per-round .
This fixes the map not working correctly with Tournament mode and the stopwatch
Scouts now drop the flag if they 're carrying it when they start phasing
Fixed instances where Steam connection problems would cause some unlocked items to be unusable
Fixed the custom crosshair menu not clearing itself when " None " is selected for non-English clients
Fixed warning about not being able to execute skill1.cfg when starting the dedicated server
Updates to Team Fortress 2 have been released .
The updates will be applied automatically when your Steam client is restarted .
The specific changes include :
Man !!!
You got me with that awesome electric bass man !!!
Keep it coming 10/10 !
One thing : in my opinion the part with the atmosphere pads or something takes a little too long .......
around 1:20 was the best !!!!
- WzzLMusic
Amy Diamond poses outside the Houses of Parliament painted in the colours of the European Union flag , to demand that MEP 's reveal all their expenses claims , as part of the Libertas party 's latest drive to reform the EU .
All Northern Ireland 's European Election candidates have made a transparency pledge on expenses in response to a Belfast Telegraph survey .
The hopefuls were also unanimous in agreeing that Freedom of Information legislation should apply to MEPs in the same way as MPs and MLAs .
The questionnaire covered all seven candidates — Steven Agnew ( Greens ) , Jim Allister ( TUV ) , Bairbre de Brun ( Sinn Fein ) , Diane Dodds ( DUP ) , Alban Maginness ( SDLP ) , Jim Nicholson ( UUP ) and Ian Parsley ( Alliance ) .
There were pledges that they would publish receipt - level details of their own MEP expenses , if elected .
Mr Parsley also said he would have his accounts independently audited “ to clarify all points of expenditure / income ” .
He further stated that MEPs should at least have to meet the FoI standards that apply to UK politicians .
“ As a member of the Liberal / Reform grouping , I would be well - placed to push for this , ” he said .
Mr Nicholson said : “ As a member of the group of Conservative MEPs , I have already signed a ‘ transparency and ethics ' pledge for the next Parliament . ”
Mr Maginness stated : “ MEP expenses should be covered by Freedom of Information not only in the future but now as well .
However , it should not need to come to that and MEPs should fully disclose their expenses as a matter of routine . ”
Mrs Dodds said : “ MEPs need to be subject to the same accountability mechanisms as other public representatives .
It is wrong that MEPs have enjoyed immunity from domestic FoI legislation . ”
Ms De Brun stated : “ I have voted in favour of measures to ensure greater accountability and will support further measures .
I voluntarily published my expenses for the past term and will continue to do so .
I would encourage all other MEPs to do the same . ”
Mr Allister said he had “ obviously ” no difficulty with transparency , as he had published his expenses on his website .
Mr Agnew stated : “ If I ’m elected I will ensure that details of all my expenses are published on my website . ”
European Elections :
The candidates
Belfast Telegraph
Last month , I had the pleasure of meeting tons of excellent and intelligent front - end engineers at JSConf 2009 — the conference for Javascript in Washington DC .
If you are a front - end engineer — or even if you write programs in Javascript for back ends , mobile devices , or desktops — you absolutely have to go to JSConf 2010 .
It ’s apparent that Javascript is quickly becoming one of the hottest languages for all environments and applications , and JSConf is the first ( and only ) conference that deals with Javascript exclusively .
JSConf 2009
Track A presentations from JSConf 2009
One of the Track A speakers was Stoyan Stefanov , a really smart guy from Yahoo .
His presentation was about high - performance web apps , but on one slide in particular , I was struck by his implementation of memoization ( slide 79 of 87 ) because he used the function instance to cache the results of the function itself .
If you ’re not familiar with memoization , here ’s a great overview :
In computing , memoization is an optimization technique used primarily to speed up computer programs by having function calls avoid repeating the calculation of results for previously - processed inputs .
Memoization ( Wikipeida )
In other words , it ’s a way to cache the results of function calls so that repeated expensive computations or lengthy lookups can be avoided .
Here ’s Stoyan ’s example :
function myFunc ( param ) { if ( ! my Func. cache ) { my Func. cache = { } ; } if ( ! my Func. cache [ param ] ) { var result = { } ; // ... my Func. cache [ param ] = result ; } return my Func. cache [ param ] ; } function myFunc( param ) { if ( ! myFunc.cache ) { myFunc.cache = {} ; } if (!myFunc.cache[ param ] ) { var result = {} ; // ... myFunc.cache[param ] = result ; } return myFunc.cache[ param ] ; }
( Use your imagination to fill in some complex or lengthy task in place of the line with the “ … ” ! )
Again , what struck me was his use of the function instance to cache the results .
In Javascript , functions are first - class objects and can be assigned properties just like any other object .
But should we do this ?
It certainly seems like this could cause intractable problems if used widely .
Imagine if everybody started decorating functions and methods with properties ?
( Actually , debuggers such as Drosera and Firebug now use properties on function instances to help identify them in logs and traces .
It seems to me we should try not to invade on that space ! )
So , of course , I set out to answer the question , “ Do we really need to use the function instance to hold the result cache ? ”
The answer is “ No ” .
It ’s really quite easy to avoid , too .
Keep reading if you ’re interested in the steps I took to come to a general purpose solution .
Otherwise , click here to go straight to it .
A simple example
Here ’s the simplest form : a constant - valued function with one parameter .
// constant - valued function .
not very interesting var memoized Func0 = ( function ( ) { var result ; return function ( ) { // in a real - world example this next line would do some // complex math instead of just returning a date object return result || ( result = new Date ( ) ) ; } } ) ( ) ; // constant - valued function .
not very interesting var memoized Func0 = ( function ( ) { var result ; return function () { // in a real - world example this next line would do some // complex math instead of just returning a date object return result || ( result = new Date ( ) ) ; } } ) ( ) ;
Notice that we use an auto - execute , anonymous function ( the outer function ) solely to create a closure around the result variable .
Also notice that the variable , memoized Func0 , is assigned a reference to the inner anonymous function because the outer function executes immediately and returns it .
The inner function is the one that gets executed when memoized Func0 is called later in our program .
The memoization happens in the inner function ’s return statement .
We ’re using the short - circuit Boolean OR operator ( || ) to return result if it is assigned .
Of course , during the first execution , the second half of the statement runs ( ( result = new Date ( ) ) ) , assigning a value to result .
Admittedly , this is a very boring example .
Stoyan ’s was much more interesting since the memoized function took a parameter and returned a different result for each possible parameter .
So let ’s take a look at a multi-valued memoized function :
// multi-valued function with string - serializable param var memoized Func1 = ( function ( ) { var cache = { } ; return function ( param1 ) { return param1 in cache ?
cache [ param1 ] : ( cache [ param1 ] = new Date ( param1 ) ) ; } } ) ( ) ; // multi-valued function with string - serializable param var memoized Func1 = ( function ( ) { var cache = {} ; return function ( param1 ) { return param1 in cache ? cache[ param1 ] : ( cache[ param1 ] = new Date( param1 ) ) ; } } ) ( ) ;
This is similar , but we use a native Javascript object to cache function results .
As long as the parameter , param1 , is primitive * ( or is serializable to a unique string ) , this will work great .
Property names must be serialized to strings .
Objects that do not have a toString ( ) method to generate a unique string will generally not work .
In most situations , though , you ’ll have an id or key that you can use , anyway .
The inner function simply checks if it already has a value cached and returns it .
Otherwise , it generates a value , caches it , and returns it .
Success !
A memoized function that does not pollute the function instance ( and does n’t use global variables like some other implementations I ’ve seen ) .
A more interesting case : two parameters
But let ’s not stop there .
What if we have two parameters ?
I guess we could generate some sort of string key out of the parameters and use the single - parameter memoized function .
But why ?
Generating a unique hash code is expensive and bulky .
Let ’s try to build a 2 - parameter memoized function without that .
// multi-valued function with two params // this time we use two levels of closures and two cache objects var memoized Func2 = ( function ( ) { var cache1 = { } ; return function ( param1 , param2 ) { if ( ! ( param1 in cache1 ) ) { cache1 [ param1 ] = ( function ( ) { var cach e2 = { } ; return function ( param2 ) { return param2 in cache2 ?
cache2 [ param2 ] : ( cache2 [ param2 ] = new Date ( param1 , param2 ) ) ; } } ) ( ) ; } return cache1 [ param1 ] ( param2 ) ; } } ) ( ) ; // multi-valued function with two params // this time we use two levels of closures and two cache objects var memoized Func2 = ( function ( ) { var cache1 = {} ; return function ( param1 , param2 ) { if ( ! ( param1 in cache1 ) ) { cache1 [ param1 ] = ( function ( ) { var cach e2 = {} ; return function ( param2 ) { return param2 in cach e2 ? cache2 [ param2 ] : ( cache2 [ param2 ] = new Date ( param1 , param2 ) ) ; } } ) ( ) ; } return cache1 [ param1 ] ( param2 ) ; } } ) ( ) ;
Heh .
The solution is to build two levels of closures !
The first level creates and caches the second level as needed !
The first - level cache ends up holding a reference to an inner anonymous function for each unique param2 ( and each inner function has it ’s own unique closure ) .
A general purpose “ memoizer ”
The two - parameter case is quite ugly and unwieldy , in my opinion .
However , it shed some light on a general - purpose solution , a “ memoizer ” I ’d like to call it .
With a little bit of work , I was able to devise a memoizer for any function with explicitly - declared parameters .
Here it is :
// memoize : a general - purpose function to enable a function to use memoization // func : the function to be memoized // context : the context for the memoized function to execute within // Note : the function must use explicit , primitive parameters ( or objects // that generate unique strings in a toString ( ) method ) function memoize ( func , context ) { function memoizeArg ( argPos ) { var cache = { } ; return function ( ) { if ( argPos == 0 ) { if ( ! ( arguments [ argPos ] in cache ) ) { cache [ arguments [ argPos ] ] = func. apply ( context , arguments ) ; } return cache [ arguments [ arg Pos ] ] ; } else { if ( ! ( arguments [ argPos ] in cache ) ) { cache [ arguments [ argPos ] ] = memoizeArg ( argPos - 1 ) ; } return cache [ arguments [ argPos ] ] . apply ( this , arguments ) ; } } } // JScript does n't grok the arity property , but uses length instead var arity = func .
arity || func .
length ; return memoizeArg ( arity - 1 ) ; } // memoize : a general - purpose function to enable a function to use memoization // func : the function to be memoized // context : the context for the memoized function to execute within // Note : the function must use explicit , primitive parameters ( or objects // that generate unique strings in a toString ( ) method ) function memoize ( func , context ) { function memoizeArg ( argPos ) { var cache = {} ; return function ( ) { if ( argPos == 0 ) { if ( !( arguments [ argPos ] in cache ) ) { cache[ arguments [ argPos ] ] = func.apply ( context , arguments ) ; } return cache[ arguments [ argPos ] ] ; } else { if ( !( arguments [ argPos ] in cache ) ) { cache[ arguments [ argPos ] ] = memoizeArg( argPos - 1 ) ; } return cache[ arguments [ argPos ] ] . apply ( this , arguments ) ; } } } // JScript does n't grok the arity property , but uses length instead var arity = func.arity || func.length ; return memoizeArg ( arity - 1 ) ; }
This still might look a little crazy , but it ’s really quite simple .
To satisfy an infinite number of parameters , we simply use recursion .
Every time we recurse , we create another closure .
This just happens in Javascript .
It ’s a natural side - effect of recursion in the language .
All we have to do is use the closures to cache our results .
Our memoize function takes two arguments .
The first is a reference to the function we want to memoize .
The second is the context the memoized function should run in .
For instance , if we want to memoize an object method , we would pass the method in as the first parameter and the object itself as the second parameter .
When the memoize function executes , it first discerns how many formal ( explicit ) parameters the function has .
Javascript uses the arity property for this purpose .
Of course , no interesting Javascript project would be complete without a Microsoft caveat of some sort .
For some idiotic reason , JScript uses the length property instead of arity .
Other Javascript engines followed suit and deprecated the arity property in favor of the length property .
Next , memoize calls its inner function memoizer on the last parameter .
memoizer constructs a local cache and returns an inner function that either executes and caches our original function if we ’re at the first parameter — or else it caches and executes a call to memoizer with the previous parameter ( argPos - 1 ) .
Each time the function , memoizer , is recursively called it creates a closure around its own cache variable .
Notice that we ’re using the apply method when we finally call our original function .
This allows us to bind to our original context .
We ’re also using apply when we recursively call memoizer .
This allows us to pass the arguments through without knowing how many arguments there are .
The this passed into these calls is arbitrary and could easily have been anything else , including null .
I do n’t know why I chose to start at the last parameter and go backwards .
This routine could go in either direction .
I also have no idea whether this memoizer is any faster or leaner than Stoyan’s .
I imagine it does n’t matter when you consider that both should be much , much faster than the lengthy XHR call or computationally intensive calculation they are meant to prevent .
OK .
Cool .
But … um … why ?
Yes , memoization is a neat concept .
But why use it rather than just hand - coded caching mechanisms ?
It ’s easy enough to write a caching routine , right ?
Here are a few good reasons :
hand - coded caching mechanisms obfuscate your code
multi-variate caching routines are bulky in Javascript
fewer lines of code means fewer bugs
Java programmers will think more highly of you *
* Javascript kicks a$$ .
Show those stodgy back - end guys what we ’re capable of !
Let ’s try it out
So , let ’s test it .
First , let ’s create a sample object to work with .
This object has an “ expensive ” method that uses an XHR request to fetch server - side resources .
// my Obj constructor function my Obj ( ) { } ; my Obj. prototype = { expensiveAjaxLookup : function ( y , mo , d , h , mn , s ) { // OK .
No XHR .
Just pretend it does something on the server ! //
Instead we 're just going to construct a date string .
Lame , I know .
return this .
prop + new Date ( y || 0 , mo || 0 , d || 0 , h || 0 , mn || 0 , s || 0 ) ; } , // a public property to prove that " this " is really " this " in our memoized methods prop : 'my date : ' } // my Obj constructor function my Obj ( ) { } ; myObj.prototype = { expensiveAjaxLookup : function ( y , mo , d , h , mn , s ) { // OK .
No XHR .
Just pretend it does something on the server ! //
Instead we 're just going to construct a date string .
Lame , I know .
return this .prop + new Date(y || 0 , mo || 0 , d || 0 , h || 0 , mn || 0 , s || 0 ) ; } , // a public property to prove that " this " is really " this " in our memoized methods prop : 'my date : ' }
In order to prove that our memoized methods did n’t mangle the context of the original method , I added a public property and used it in the expensiveAjaxLookup method .
If our memoized methods lost their context , then this property would be undefined .
Tests :
var o = new my Obj ( ) ; o. memoizedLookup = memoize ( o. expensiveAjaxLookup , o ) ; //
Note : 8 == September , not August in Javascript console .
log ( o. memoizedLookup ( 2009 , 8 , 17 ) ) ; console . log ( o. memoizedLookup ( 2009 , 8 , 16 ) ) ; console . log ( o. memoizedLookup ( 2009 , 9 , 16 ) ) ; console . log ( o. memoizedLookup ( 2009 , 8 , 16 ) ) ; console . log ( o. memoizedLookup ( 2009 , 8 , 21 , 13 , 26 , 17 ) ) ; console . log ( o. memoizedLookup ( 2009 , 8 , 21 , 13 , 26 , 17 ) ) ; var o = new my Obj ( ) ; o.memoizedLookup = memoize(o.expensiveAjaxLookup , o ) ; // Note : 8 == September , not August in Javascript console.log(o.memoizedLookup(2009 , 8 , 17 ) ) ; console.log(o.memoizedLookup(2009 , 8 , 16 ) ) ; console.log(o.memoizedLookup(2009 , 9 , 16 ) ) ; console.log(o.memoizedLookup(2009 , 8 , 16 ) ) ; console.log(o.memoizedLookup(2009 , 8 , 21 , 13 , 26 , 17 ) ) ; console.log(o.memoizedLookup(2009 , 8 , 21 , 13 , 26 , 17 ) ) ;
Output :
my date : Thu Sep 17 2009 00:00:00 GMT - 0400 ( EDT ) my date : Wed Sep 16 2009 00:00:00 GMT - 0400 ( EDT ) my date : Fri Oct 16 2009 00:00:00 GMT - 0400 ( EDT ) ***** cache hit !
my date : Wed Sep 16 2009 00:00:00 GMT - 0400 ( EDT ) my date : Mon Sep 21 2009 13:26:17 GMT -0400 ( EDT ) ***** cache hit ! my date : Mon Sep 21 2009 13:26:17 GMT -0400 ( EDT ) my date : Thu Sep 17 2009 00:00:00 GMT - 0400 ( EDT ) my date : Wed Sep 16 2009 00:00:00 GMT - 0400 ( EDT ) my date : Fri Oct 16 2009 00:00:00 GMT - 0400 ( EDT ) ***** cache hit !
my date : Wed Sep 16 2009 00:00:00 GMT - 0400 ( EDT ) my date : Mon Sep 21 2009 13:26:17 GMT -0400 ( EDT ) ***** cache hit ! my date : Mon Sep 21 2009 13:26:17 GMT -0400 ( EDT )
As you can see , the context was correctly bound .
Otherwise , we ’d see ” undefined Thu Sep 17 2009 00:00:00 GMT - 0400 ( EDT ) “ .
The lines that say “ ***** cache hit ! ” are some debugging statements I threw in .
I sprinkled some console.log ( ) calls all over the memoize function to ensure that the caches were being used as expected .
They are , of course .
I ’ll leave it as an exercise for you to study the behavior of the function , if you are so inclined .
I found the output very interesting and revealing .
Go ahead .
Have fun with it !
So , what uses can you conceive for memoization in web apps ?
Is it only good for caching XHR requests or summing Fibonacci series ?
Please leave a comment or let me know on Twitter !
[ Update ] I just came across two interesting Javascript memoization articles .
In one , the author included an “ unmemoize ” function .
In the other , the “ unmemoification ” happened automatically at a specified time delay .
In the first implementation , though , the function instances are used to hold the unmemoize method .
In the second , a hash key is generated to handle multiple parameters .
It ’s certainly possible to add both features without either of those sacrifices .
I have some ideas how it could be done .
Do you have an implementation that works ?
If so , please leave a comment !
Memoization in JavaScript
Timed Memoization
In this article , memoization is used to speed up Bezier curve calculations : One - Line JavaScript Memoization
I updated the post to remove references to the word “ serializable ” since I really meant primitives .
In Javascript , all objects are serializable .
However , I really meant uniquely serializable .
All primitives in Javascript are uniquely serializable ( String ( 37 ) will always be “ 37 ” ) .
Objects , Functions , and Arrays are not always unique when serialized .
In most engines , objects , for instance , serialize as “ [ Object object ] ” .
Dates , despite not being primitive , do have unique serializations ( but are locale - dependent ) .
Fibers & Cooperative Scheduling in Ruby
Continuations have been a part of the Ruby API for quite some time , but for a variety of reasons have not seen much practical use : early Ruby 1.8 implementations suffered from serious memory leak problems , which were consequently mostly resolved , and the somewhat academic nature of the concept did n’t help either .
However , with the production versions of Ruby 1.9 out in the wild , continuations ( now known as Fibers ) deserve a second look .
Unlike a function , which has a defined entry and exit point , a continuation can return ( yield ) many times over , which means that the execution of a Fiber can be arbitrarily suspended and then resumed from the same point .
While somewhat subtle , this is actually a very practical feature : continuations implicitly preserve state without having the programmer to worry about it .
Fiber Performance in Ruby
Continuations in Ruby 1.8 ( MRI ) suffered from a number of serious performance problems , but the introduction of Fibers in Ruby 1.9 warrants that we revisit the concept .
First of all , Fibers are now cheaper to create and perform better than threads due to their nature as a lightweight context .
And even better , they give us the ability to do cooperative scheduling - instead of using the preemptive context switch model we ’re all used to with threading , we can manually schedule Fibers to pass control back and forth whenever we want to .
Let ’s take a look at an admittedly contrived , but also a realistic scenario : two execution threads ; one thread blocks for 40ms on an IO call and then takes 10 ms to post - process the data ; second thread needs 50ms of pure CPU time ; vs same scenario implemented with Fibers and cooperative scheduling .
By default , Ruby MRI uses a fair scheduler , which means that each thread is given an equal time to run ( 10 ms quantum ) before it is suspended and the next thread is put in control .
If one of your threads is inside a blocking call during those 10 ms , think of it as time wasted - everyone is sleeping !
By contrast , Fibers force the programmer to do explicit scheduling which can certainly add to the complexity of the program , but offer us the full flexibility of determining how our CPU resources are used and also help us avoid the need for locks in mutexes in our code !
Fibers and Cooperative IO Scheduling
Event - driven and asynchronous programming models are great candidates for application of Fibers .
Ruby EventMachine allows us to asynchronously defer blocks of code to be executed when the resource ( socket , file descriptor , etc ) responds , which means that unlike a regular Net: : HTTP call , we do n’t have to spin - wait indefinitely for the response .
However , this model comes at a cost : it is often hard to retrofit code with asynchronous libraries because the callbacks have to be nested and the abstraction often breaks down ( compare em - http - request to net / http API ) .
Fibers solve this problem for us by allowing us to turn an asynchronous library into what looks like a synchronous API without losing the advantages of IO - scheduling of the asynchronous execution :
require ' eventmachine ' require ' em - http ' require ' fiber ' def async_fetch ( url ) f = Fiber .
current http = EventMachine :: HttpRequest .
new ( url ) .
get : timeout => 10 http .
callback { f . resume ( http ) } http .
errback { f . resume ( http ) } return Fiber .
yield end EventMachine .
run do Fiber .
new { puts " Setting up HTTP request # 1 " data = async_fetch ( ' http://www.google.com/' ) puts " Fetched page # 1 : #{ data .
response_header .
status } " EventMachine . stop } . resume end # Setting up HTTP request # 1 # Fetched page # 1 : 302
Running the following code shows in - order output , which means that we ’ve simulated a synchronous API while using an asynchronous library !
Now imagine running multiple fibers in parallel while repeating this pattern : you will have interleaved execution which will be scheduled via IO interrupts - no extra context switches , no locks !
Joe Damato and Aman Gupta [ ported the functionality of Fibers to Ruby 1.8 . ( 6 7 ) ] ( http://timetobleed.com/fibers-implemented-for-ruby-1867/), and also provide a great example of converting the asynchronous MySQL driver to work in synchronous fashion .
Looking for more ?
Take a look at an implementation of Futures in Ruby and the Neverblock library .
Cooperative Scheduling : M Threads + N Fibers Model
While manual scheduling of Fibers may seem like a high cost , much of it can be abstracted into the underlying libraries and the potential benefits are enormous : cooperative scheduling is the optimal scheduling model and it does not incur the complexity inherent with threading .
Having said that , there is still a place for threads !
Fibers will not give you concurrency on multi-core systems and they can only be resumed in the thread that created them .
Hence , if we were aiming for the optimal resource utilization : run M threads , where M corresponds to number of cores , and optimize the number of Fibers ( N ) which can run within each thread .
This way we can utilize all the available cores , and also take advantage of the IO scheduling model !
Fibers in JRuby , Rubinius and Other Applications
Unlike the MRI Ruby VM , both JRuby and Rubinius implement “ Poor Man ’s Fibers ” where each Fiber is in fact , mapped to a native thread .
This of course looses on the conceptual efficiency side when compared to MRI , but it still remains a viable and a more efficient option than the pure preemptive scheduling .
In fact , while Fibers are great tool for abstracting asynchronous execution , they are also great for lazy evaluation patterns ( such as Generators ) and can even be used to add state / session persistence to the HTTP protocol !
Wee is a Ruby continuations based web framework , which is likely inspired by some of Paul Grahams work at Viaweb ( great read ) .
Get Ruby 1.9 on your system , give Fibers a try !
Here are some more excerpts from Katie Couric 's interview with Attorney General Eric Holder .
First , an exchange on guns -- and check out his deference to the National Rifle Association .
After the jump , Holder , on whether the 14 high - value detainees in U.S. custody will be tried in federal courts .
KATIE COURIC :
What about reinstating the assault weapons ban and closing the gun show loophole ?
Do you think that will stop the flow of weapons to the U.S ?
ERIC HOLDER : Well , I think the thing we need to do is come up with those things we can do right away .
And we 're gonna be moving 100 ATF agents to the border .
About 26 DEA agents to the border .
And that will happen over the next 30 days or so .
And I think that will have a pretty dramatic impact on reducing the flow of weapons into Mexico .
( TRACK )
But the guns being purchased and used in the US has also become front and center , given that a recent series of mass shootings from southern Alabama sound up to upstate New York have killed 57 people .
While The Attorney General said he supported reinstating the assault weapons ban during his confirmation hearing , he 's been silent on the subject since .
KATIE COURIC : Did someone tell you to back off ?
ERIC HOLDER : No one 's told me to back off .
I understand the second amendment .
I respect the second amendment .
KATIE COURIC :
It 's been reported that democrats on capital hill are getting increasingly chummy with the NRA and receiving more campaign contributions from that organization than in previous years .
And nobody wants to get the NRA riled up .
Has this become political at all ?
ERIC HOLDER : No , I do n't think it has .
In fact , I look forward to working with the NRA to come up with ways in which we can use common sense approaches to reduce the level of violence that we see ... in our streets and make the American people as safe as they can possibly be .
KATIE COURIC :
What about gun shows ?
In over 30 states , people can simply walk into gun shows and buy a gun , sometimes , from unlicensed dealers without a background check .
Would you support closing the gun show loophole ?
ERIC HOLDER : Well , again , these are issues that we 'll have to discuss .
The president will be the one who will ultimately set policy .
Things that are politically saleable and things that will ultimately be effective .
KATIE COURIC :
Does the closing the gun show loophole fall into those categories ?
ERIC HOLDER : Well , that 'll be one of the things I 'll talk about with the president .
( TRACK ) Another thorny issue of the AG 's plate ... where to put the approximately 250 detainees currently being held in Guantanamo .
The president has ordered the facility closed by January of next year .
Among them , 6 detainees who have been charged as co conspirators in the planning of 9/11 ..
KATIE COURIC :
Is there any chance that some of the high value detainees , I believe there are 14 of them currently in custody , will be transferred to US prisons ?
ERIC HOLDER : It 's hard to say .
At this point , we are , again , making these individualized determinations .
And it 's not clear where any of the detainees will ultimately end up .
But what we will make sure we do is that the American people will be safe with regard to whatever decisions that we make .
Many of the cases are complicated by the fact that they involve classified information that could compromise national security if discussed in open court .
Despite that , for the first time , Holder said article three , or federal courts will likely handle a number of high profile , politically sensitive cases .
Sot : we will bring , I think , a substantial number of those people who we decide to charge in article three courts .
Others might be taken to -- military courts .
Others perhaps , to these military tribunals with -- some enhanced -- enforcement with some -- enhance -- enhanced measures .
KATIE COURIC :
There is also the issue of the treatment of some of the detainees .
For example , alleged 9/11 mastermind , Khlalid sheikh Mohammed .
It 's been reported that he was water boarded .
You have come out publicly and said water boarding is torture .
So how would that stand up in civilian court ?
ERIC HOLDER : Well , that 's one of the issues that we'd have to deal with .
Try to figure out -- exactly what we can do with detainees who have -- have been subjected to these enhanced interrogation techniques .
And whether that -- poses a problem in bringing -- tryable cases .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Archaeologists preparing for the expansion of a Tucson wastewater treatment facility have discovered the remains of the earliest known irrigation system in the Southwest , a farming community that dates to at least 1200 B.C .
That predates the much more sophisticated Hohokam Indians ' canal system , which crisscrossed what is now Phoenix , by 1,200 years .
The find suggests that the people who inhabited the region began with relatively simple irrigation systems and built up to more complex projects as the climate became hotter and drier .
" These ... canals ... are the most extensive and sophisticated engineering ( from the period ) that we have identified to date , " said archaeologist James Vint of Desert Archaeology Inc. in Tucson .
The site , called Las Capas , or The Layers , sits at the confluence of the Canada del Oro , Rillito Creek and Santa Cruz River .
The name derives from the repeated layers of silt that buried the site until nothing was visible from the surface .
Researchers already knew that the site had been inhabited during what is known as the San Pedro phase of the Early Agriculture Period in the Southwest .
Earlier work at the plant had revealed traces of pit houses , fire pits and ditches .
What is believed to be the main dwelling area is now buried under adjacent Interstate 10 .
Vint led a team of 30 archaeologists who explored the site in compliance with state laws before a planned expansion of the Ina Road facility .
" We put in a mile and a half of backhoe trenches and did archaeology in all those trenches , " he said in a telephone interview .
" That tells us this is a very expansive site . "
They identified two main canals bringing water from the Santa Cruz River and feeding it into eight distribution canals , all now buried 3 to 7 feet below the surface .
The system could have irrigated from 60 to 100 acres , he estimated .
The primary crops were maize , which was introduced into the area before 2100 B.C. , and a weed known as amaranth , which can be eaten raw or cooked .
Vint estimated that the village at the site supported 80 to 150 people .
Their cultural identity is unknown , although they probably originated in Mexico and moved north and south across what is now the U.S. border .
Pottery was not yet being produced in the region , but Vint 's team found stone tools , cutting tools , grinding stones , antler tools for making stone tools , and awls for basketry .
" We ca n't say anything about their culture , " said archaeologist Stephanie Whittlesey of SWCA Environmental Consultants in Tucson , who was not involved in the research .
" They had no writing and no recorded documents , so the only thing we have to go on is what they left behind , which is n't a lot . "
The evidence indicates that the region suffered a massive flood about 800 B.C. , which buried the canal system .
" There is some evidence that they tried getting it going again , but apparently that did n't work , " Vint said .
They cleaned out some sections , " but they never brought it back to full scale . "
Vint is not sure what happened to the inhabitants , but he said they probably moved upriver to other villages .
From the ' wow I did n't see that one coming ' files :
After the weeks and weeks of hype surrounding IBM buying Sun , Oracle today announced it was buying Sun -- for $ 7.4 Billion .
With Sun in tow , Oracle will now finally have its own operating system with Solaris , instead of just its own Oracle Enterprise Linux ( which is based on Red Hat ) .
Perhaps more importantly , with one swift stroke Oracle has effectively cornered even more of the database market than it already owned .
With MySQL , Oracle will have one of the leading open source databases , and a vendor that has been a bit of a competitor to Oracle over the last several years .
It 's a win -win for Oracle .
They 'll be able to continue to push their proprietary Oracle database offering , while chewing away at the open source and Web 2.0 sides of the market they did n't already hold .
Oracle has held a strategic component of the MySQL ecosystem with InnoDB ( which it has owned since 2005 ) for nearly four years .
Though MySQL has been talking about an InnoDB killer of its own with Falcon since at least 2006 , it has n't yet been officially released for mainstream consumption .
I think that the fate of Falcon and InnoDB are now clearly going to be very intertwined .
Perhaps we 'll now get the full force of the joint Oracle and Sun teams working on MySQL 's transactional database capabilities .
Will Oracle advance MySQL ( from a corporate level ) further into mission critical workloads where Oracle 's database already exists ?
Maybe , maybe not .
One thing is for sure , Oracle will have one massive database portfolio of both commercial and open source database technology .
What of Java ?
Last month NBC's Chuck had that Subway sandwich product placement that was so laughably flagrant we thought , " This will surely hurt the credibility of NBC's ' Chuck ! ' "
How young and naive we were .
Turns out that that Subway deal is literally the only reason that Chuck still exists :
The special sponsorship with Subway is enabling NBC to bring back the series , executives said , in a deal they described as made possible by a decision to go to advertisers earlier than usual in what NBC called the " infront , " to ask for ideas about interweaving brands into shows .
You read that correctly : the fucking Subway product placement is enabling this show to be on TV , period .
All the other stuff in there is just extra low fat mayo .
How hardcore is NBC willing to get here ?
Hardcore to the bone :
" Chuck " appealed to Subway for reasons that included its audience , which is mostly the type of younger consumer that buys a lot of subs at malls .
The show takes place in a mall , and Chuck 's girlfriend , Sarah , is a C.I.A. agent who works under cover at various stands in the food court .
It is no great leap to believe she could be selling Subway sandwiches next season .
An NBC executive said discussions have been under way about the specifics of the tie-in .
We hope you 're very happy about the success of your " Buy a Subway Sandwich to Save NBC's ' Chuck ! ' " campaign now .
Sandwich whores .
[ NYT ]
On Super Bowl Sunday , President Barack Obama said most U.S. troops in Iraq would be home in time to watch Super Bowl XLIV .
Yet a day later he was conferring with Secretary of Defense Robert Gates about plans for adding another 15,000 troops in Afghanistan ( Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Admiral Michael Mullen believes as many as 30,000 additional troops are needed in Afghanistan ) .
Although Obama has previously been critical of the surge strategy in Iraq , he seems to believe that a similar course of action will be successful in Afghanistan :
“ Obama and Biden will refocus American resources on the greatest threat to our security  the resurgence of al - Qaeda and the Taliban in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
They will increase our troop levels in Afghanistan , press our allies in NATO to do the same , and dedicate more resources to revitalize Afghanistan ’s economic development . ”
First and foremost , the jury is still out  and will be for quite some time  on whether the surge in Iraq has , in fact , been successful .
According to Anthony Cordesman , a Middle East and military expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , “ Iraq is very much a work in progress , and one that will take at least several more years to achieve any meaningful stability . ”
For the moment , at least , the situation has improved .
According to Iraq Body Count :
“ With only a few days of 2008 remaining , the year so far has seen another 8,315 - 9,028 civilian deaths added to the IBC database .
This compares to 25,774 -27,599 deaths reported in 2006 , and 22,671 -24,295 in 2007 .
This is a substantial drop on the preceding two years : on a per-day rate , it represents a reduction from 76 per day ( 06 ) and 67 per day ( 07 ) to 25 per day in 2008 .
“ The most notable reduction in violence has been in Baghdad .
For the first time since the U.S. - led occupation of Iraq began , fewer deaths have been reported in the capital than in the rest of the country ( from 54 % of all deaths in 2006 - 2007 to 32 % in 2008 ) . ”
But ( there ’s always a but ) :
“ [ A ] reas outside Baghdad have seen far less dramatic reductions in violence , and dozens of civilians are still being killed in conflict - related violence throughout Iraq on a relentless , daily basis .
At 25 per day , the 2008 rate for violent civilian deaths is equivalent to that existing throughout the first 20 months of post - invasion Iraq , from May 2003 to December 2004 ( 15,355 deaths over 610 days ) . ”
So things have gotten better in a relative sense but not necessarily in an absolute sense .
And the fact remains that nearly 100,000 civilians are estimated to have been killed since the U.S. invasion in March 2003 ( the Lancet study estimates more than 650,000 Iraqis killed , and Opinion Research Business puts the number at over one million  both using polling to arrive at their estimates ) .
Moreover , a reduction in violence is only one metric to measure the efficacy of the surge .
Indeed , reducing violence is a means to an end , and a necessary but not sufficient condition .
The larger stated objective is political stability and reconciliation .
Iraq had provincial elections on the Saturday before the Super Bowl , but the results are mixed .
The biggest positive is that the elections were not marred by violence .
Sunnis participated in large numbers , in contrast to their boycott of the 2005 elections .
However , turnout was much lower than previous Iraqi elections , perhaps signaling disenchantment with democracy on the Tigris and Euphrates .
Secular parties appear to have done better against religious parties , probably because of a backlash against the latters ’ inability to provide jobs , services , and utilities .
But one of the most powerful Shi’ite blocs , the Sadrist movement led by the cleric Moqtada al - Sadr , did not participate in the provincial elections , so lack of results cannot be construed to mean that Sadr ( and his resistance to continued U.S. military occupation ) is no longer part of the political landscape  especially at the national level , with elections later this year .
And it is important to remember that the ultimate test will be what happens after U.S. forces have been withdrawn from Iraq .
It is entirely possible that everything could come undone once there is no longer an imperial presence and Iraqis feel they are truly free to run their country as they see fit .
But even if we are willing to believe that the surge has worked in Iraq ( at least in reducing in the level of violence )  and that a similar strategy would work in Afghanistan  we need to understand that the key to any success has not been the deployment of more troops .
Rather , the primary reason for reduced violence is that we have bribed Shi’ite militias not to fight , which may work in the short run , but does not bode well in the long run for Iraq .
Ironically , many of these are the same militias we previously armed to fight Sunni insurgents .
Such a strategy is not likely to work in Afghanistan .
If a resurgent Taliban is the threat , it ’s not likely that they can simply be bought off .
It may be necessary to include them in the political landscape of Afghanistan  something Washington is reluctant to do since the Taliban and al - Qaeda are considered one and the same ( which may no longer be the case ) .
There is also the issue of Afghanistan ’s opium poppy crop , which constitutes a crucial part of the Afghan economy ( about one - third of the country ’s GDP ) .
Although some of the money from drug trafficking in Afghanistan helps fund al - Qaeda and the Taliban , the bulk of it is the only livelihood for many Afghans .
If we do n’t want that opium on the open market , the Iraq surge strategy would suggest buying it .
Yet America ’s war on drugs makes poppies an evil to be exterminated .
And pushing the Karzai regime to pursue such a strategy only makes the Kabul government ’s position more precarious .
So the prospects for a surge in Afghanistan achieving even a modicum of success are relatively dim .
Afghanistan is not known as the graveyard of empires without good reason .
One thing , however , is certain .
More boots on the ground means more occupation .
More occupation means more resentment of the United States among Afghans and Muslims around the world .
More resentment means more potential terrorists .
In decaying societies , politics become theater .
The elite , who have hollowed out the democratic system to serve the corporate state , rule through image and presentation .
They express indignation at AIG bonuses and empathy with a working class they have spent the last few decades disenfranchising , and make promises to desperate families that they know will never be fulfilled .
Once the spotlights go on they read their lines with appropriate emotion .
Once the lights go off , they make sure Goldman Sachs and a host of other large corporations have the hundreds of billions of dollars in losses they incurred playing casino capitalism repaid with taxpayer money .
We live in an age of moral nihilism .
We have trashed our universities , turning them into vocational factories that produce corporate drones and chase after defense - related grants and funding .
The humanities , the discipline that forces us to stand back and ask the broad moral questions of meaning and purpose , that challenges the validity of structures , that trains us to be self - reflective and critical of all cultural assumptions , have withered .
Our press , which should promote such intellectual and moral questioning , confuses bread and circus with news and refuses to give a voice to critics who challenge not this bonus payment or that bailout but the pernicious superstructure of the corporate state itself .
We kneel before a cult of the self , elaborately constructed by the architects of our consumer society , which dismisses compassion , sacrifice for the less fortunate , and honesty .
The methods used to attain what we want , we are told by reality television programs , business schools and self - help gurus , are irrelevant .
Success , always defined in terms of money and power , is its own justification .
The capacity for manipulation is what is most highly prized .
And our moral collapse is as terrifying , and as dangerous , as our economic collapse .
Theodor Adorno in 1967 wrote an essay called “ Education After Auschwitz . ”
He argued that the moral corruption that made the Holocaust possible remained “ largely unchanged . ”
He wrote that “ the mechanisms that render people capable of such deeds ” must be made visible .
Schools had to teach more than skills .
They had to teach values .
If they did not , another Auschwitz was always possible .
“ All political instruction finally should be centered upon the idea that Auschwitz should never happen again , ” he wrote .
“ This would be possible only when it devotes itself openly , without fear of offending any authorities , to this most important of problems .
To do this , education must transform itself into sociology , that is , it must teach about the societal play of forces that operates beneath the surface of political forms . ”
Our elites are imploding .
Their fraud and corruption are slowly being exposed as the disparity between their words and our reality becomes wider and more apparent .
The rage that is bubbling up across the country will have to be countered by the elite with less subtle forms of control .
But unless we grasp the “ societal play of forces that operates beneath the surface of political forms ” we will be cursed with a more ruthless form of corporate power , one that does away with artifice and the seduction of a consumer society and instead wields power through naked repression .
I had lunch a few days ago in Toronto with Henry Giroux , professor of English and cultural studies at McMaster University in Canada and who for many years was the Waterbury Chair Professor at Penn State .
Giroux , who has been one of the most prescient and vocal critics of the corporate state and the systematic destruction of American education , was driven to the margins of academia because he kept asking the uncomfortable questions Adorno knew should be asked by university professors .
He left the United States in 2004 for Canada .
“ The emergence of what Eisenhower had called the military - industrial - academic complex had secured a grip on higher education that may have exceeded even what he had anticipated and most feared , ” Giroux , who wrote “ The University in Chains : Confronting the Military - Industrial - Academic Complex , ” told me .
“ Universities , in general , especially following the events of 9/11 , were under assault by Christian nationalists , reactionary neoconservatives and market fundamentalists for allegedly representing the weak link in the war on terrorism .
Right - wing students were encouraged to spy on the classes of progressive professors , the corporate grip on the university was tightening as made clear not only in the emergence of business models of governance , but also in the money being pumped into research and programs that blatantly favored corporate interests .
And at Penn State , where I was located at the time , the university had joined itself at the hip with corporate and military power .
Put differently , corporate and Pentagon money was now funding research projects and increasingly knowledge was being militarized in the service of developing weapons of destruction , surveillance and death .
Couple this assault with the fact that faculty were becoming irrelevant as an oppositional force .
Many disappeared into discourses that threatened no one , some simply were too scared to raise critical issues in their classrooms for fear of being fired , and many simply no longer had the conviction to uphold the university as a democratic public sphere . ”
Frank Donoghue , the author of “ The Last Professors : The Corporate University and the Fate of the Humanities , ” details how liberal arts education has been dismantled .
Any form of learning that is not strictly vocational has at best been marginalized and in many schools has been abolished .
Students are steered away from asking the broad , disturbing questions that challenge the assumptions of the power elite or an economic system that serves the corporate state .
This has led many bright graduates into the arms of corporate entities they do not examine morally or ethically .
They accept the assumptions of corporate culture because they have never been taught to think .
Only 8 percent of U.S. college graduates now receive degrees in the humanities , about 110,000 students .
Between 1970 and 2001 , bachelor ’s degrees in English declined from 7.6 percent to 4 percent , as did degrees in foreign languages ( 2.4 percent to 1 percent ) , mathematics ( 3 percent to 1 percent ) , social science and history ( 18.4 percent to 10 percent ) .
Bachelor ’s degrees in business , which promise the accumulation of wealth , have skyrocketed .
Business majors since 1970 - 1971 have risen from 13.6 percent of the graduation population to 21.7 percent .
Business has now replaced education , which has fallen from 21 percent to 8.2 percent , as the most popular major .
The values that sustain an open society have been crushed .
A university , as John Ralston Saul writes , now “ actively seeks students who suffer from the appropriate imbalance and then sets out to exaggerate it .
Imagination , creativity , moral balance , knowledge , common sense , a social view — all these things wither .
Competitiveness , having an ever - ready answer , a talent for manipulating situations — all these things are encouraged to grow .
As a result amorality also grows ; as does extreme aggressivity when they are questioned by outsiders ; as does a confusion between the nature of good versus having a ready answer to all questions .
Above all , what is encouraged is the growth of an undisciplined form of self - interest , in which winning is what counts . ”
This moral nihilism would have terrified Adorno .
He knew that radical evil was possible only with the collaboration of a timid , cowed and confused population , a system of propaganda and a press that offered little more than spectacle and entertainment and an educational system that did not transmit transcendent values or nurture the capacity for individual conscience .
He feared a culture that banished the anxieties and complexities of moral choice and embraced a childish hyper - masculinity , one championed by ruthless capitalists ( think of the brutal backstabbing and deception cheered by TV shows like “ Survivor ” ) and Hollywood action heroes like the governor of California .
“ This educational ideal of hardness , in which many may believe without reflecting about it , is utterly wrong , ” Adorno wrote .
“ The idea that virility consists in the maximum degree of endurance long ago became a screen - image for masochism that , as psychology has demonstrated , aligns itself all too easily with sadism . ”
Sadism is as much a part of popular culture as it is of corporate culture .
It dominates pornography , runs like an electric current through reality television and trash - talk programs and is at the core of the compliant , corporate collective .
Corporatism is about crushing the capacity for moral choice .
And it has its logical fruition in Abu Ghraib , the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and our lack of compassion for the homeless , our poor , the mentally ill , the unemployed and the sick .
“ The political and economic forces fuelling such crimes against humanity –whether they are unlawful wars , systemic torture , practiced indifference to chronic starvation and disease or genocidal acts — are always mediated by educational forces , ” Giroux said .
“ Resistance to such acts cannot take place without a degree of knowledge and self - reflection .
We have to name these acts and transform moral outrage into concrete attempts to prevent such human violations from taking place in the first place . ”
The single most important quality needed to resist evil is moral autonomy .
Moral autonomy , as Immanuel Kant wrote , is possible only through reflection , self - determination and the courage not to cooperate .
Moral autonomy is what the corporate state , with all its attacks on liberal institutions and “ leftist ” professors , has really set out to destroy .
The corporate state holds up as our ideal what Adorno called “ the manipulative character . ”
The manipulative character has superb organizational skills and the inability to have authentic human experiences .
He or she is an emotional cripple and driven by an overvalued realism .
The manipulative character is a systems manager .
He or she exclusively trained to sustain the corporate structure , which is why our elites are wasting mind - blowing amounts of our money on corporations like Goldman Sachs and AIG .
“ He makes a cult of action , activity , of so - called efficiency as such which reappears in the advertising image of the active person , ” Adorno wrote of this personality type .
These manipulative characters , people like Lawrence Summers , Henry Paulson , Robert Rubin , Ben Bernanke , Timothy Geithner , AIG ’s Edward Liddy and Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein , along with most of our ruling class , have used corporate money and power to determine the narrow parameters of the debate in our classrooms , on the airwaves and in the halls of Congress while they looted the country .
“ It is especially difficult to fight against it , ” warned Adorno , “ because those manipulative people , who actually are incapable of true experience , for that very reason manifest an unresponsiveness that associates them with certain mentally ill or psychotic characters , namely schizoids . ”
NASA officially moves up Atlantis launch to May 11
BY WILLIAM HARWOOD
STORY WRITTEN FOR CBS NEWS " SPACE PLACE " & USED WITH PERMISSION
Posted : April 24 , 2009
Launch of the shuttle Atlantis on a mission to service and upgrade the Hubble Space Telescope was moved up one day and retargeted for May 11 after engineers and managers concluded Friday that processing could be accelerated without impacting required work .
Senior managers will hold an executive - level flight readiness review next Thursday to discuss final clearance for launch .
Atlantis is slated to launch May 11 .
Credit : Justin Ray / Spaceflight Now
If the weather or some other problem keeps Atlantis on the ground past May 13 , launch will be delayed to May 22 at the earliest because of the range conflict and time needed to recharge the new batteries being delivered to Hubble aboard the shuttle .
A NASA spokesman said the only downside to moving launch up one day was a minor reduction in battery charging time , from 209 hours to 185 .
But that is still well above the 156 - hour requirement for the new batteries and Hubble Program Manager Preston Burch agreed to the request to move launch up one day .
" Everybody signed off on it , " said a NASA spokesman .
As reported earlier this week , NASA is hoping to get Atlantis off as soon as possible to avoid any problems for the next shuttle mission , a space station assembly flight by shuttle Endeavour .
Endeavour currently is mounted atop launch pad 39B at the Kennedy Space Center , on stand by for launch on an emergency rescue mission if the Atlantis astronauts run into any problems that might prevent a safe re-entry .
Assuming a rescue flight is not needed , Endeavour will be moved to pad 39A and prepared for launch June 13 on the station assembly flight .
But NASA will only have one week to get Endeavour off the ground .
A so - called " beta angle cutout " will kick in June 21 , preventing any shuttle visits to the station until after July 11 because of temperature constraints related to the angle between the sun and the plane of the space station 's orbit .
Moving up the Atlantis launch date by one day would buy one more day of insurance to get the Hubble mission off ahead of the military range operation and at the same time , provide more cushion for the June mission .
If the Atlantis flight slips behind the range operation , Endeavour 's flight would face a delay to mid July .
DETROIT -- General Motors Corp. on Saturday readied for a bankruptcy filing amid signs that a majority of its largest creditors had backed a revised debt - equity exchange , a move that would potentially smooth its progress through court .
The company , the U.S. Treasury and an ad hoc committee representing large institutional creditors all declined comment after the expiration of a 5 p.m. EDT deadline for acceptance of the exchange .
However , one member of the ad hoc committee said Saturday that the sweetened deal was expected ...
If insider reports are to be believed , we can expect to see an Apple tablet in our hands by 2010 .
Aiming to fill the gap between iPhone and Macbook , the device should be ideal for surfing the web and reading ebooks but intentionally not powerful enough to replace the Macbook .
Business Week ’s Peter Burrows recently received word of Apple ’s plans to build a tablet - based device , to be released in 2010 .
Now Gene Munster , of reputable investment bank and securities firm Piper Jaffray , has published a note reinforcing the plans .
“ We expect Apple to fill the gap between the iPod touch and the MacBook with a new tablet device ( not a netbook ) priced at about $ 500 - $ 700 .
Apple will likely leverage its multi - touch patents to differentiate its product from the typical netbook .
We are anticipating a new category of Apple products with an operating system more robust than the iPhone ’s but optimized for multi-touch , unlike Mac OS X .
The device ’s OS could bear a close resemblance to Apple ’s mobile OS and run App Store apps , or it could be a modified version of Mac OS X .
Apple are reportedly in no rush to release a device , with a new iPhone release on the way and record profits from the App Store , Apple are likely to take their time and make sure they get the product right before pushing anything out prematurely .
Read next : Google Chrome gets even faster .
Along with a selection of other enhancements .
Washington is considering expanding its controversial policy of missile strikes and commando raids deeper inside Pakistan , according to reports this morning .
In what would be a major escalation of the " war on terror " , the New York Times reported that the US may push its firepower into Pakistan 's vast , economically backward , Baluchistan province .
Washington has so far targeted militants based in Pakistan 's semi-autonomous tribal areas , which run along Afghanistan 's eastern border .
Baluchistan , however , is a " settled " region and considered a regular part of the country .
However , the province , and especially its capital , Quetta , has long been considered the home of the Afghan Taliban and an important sanctuary for al - Qaida .
This morning 's reports drew a sharp reaction inside Pakistan .
" The United States would be pouring petrol on the ' war on terror ' by these methods , " said Munawar Hassan , secretary general of Jamaat - i- Islami , the biggest mainstream religious party .
" The United States has no message of peace for the world , they can only talk through arms and armaments . "
Pakistan has opposed the use of US missile strikes in its tribal area , which have killed some leading al - Qaida commanders but also led to the death of innocent civilians .
Islamabad complains that the attacks , from unmanned " drone " aircraft operated by the CIA , are a flagrant breach of Pakistani sovereignty .
" As we have been saying all along , we believe such attacks are counterproductive , " said Abdul Basit , the spokesman for Pakistan 's foreign ministry , responding to this morning 's reports .
" They involve collateral damage and they are not helpful in our efforts to win hearts and minds . "
The exclusive western focus on the tribal area , which is a hotbed for militants , has meant that the Afghan Taliban leadership , and its al - Qaida allies , have been able to direct the insurgency in Afghanistan unmolested from Baluchistan .
But expanding operations to Baluchistan risks creating more volunteers for the Taliban and raising the internal pressure on the Pakistani government , which has struggled to contain anger over US attacks in the tribal area .
In September last year , American forces conducted their first known ground raid within Pakistan , in the tribal area , causing uproar .
If Taliban and al - Qaida extremists are in Quetta itself or other urban areas , missile strikes may not be feasible , so American boots on Pakistani soil would be required .
The Pakistani authorities , already under pressure from a domestic insurgency , have been reluctant to stir up further trouble by tackling extremists in Baluchistan , which runs along Afghanistan 's eastern border .
According to Kabul , the Taliban founder , Mullah Omar , lives in Quetta .
Northern Baluchistan is populated by Pashtuns , the same ethnicity that is the biggest group in Afghanistan and makes up most of the Taliban .
Critics have suggested that Pakistan is using Baluchistan to secretly back the Taliban in Afghanistan , as it sees the regime of Hamid Karzai in Kabul as dangerously close to arch - foe India – a claim denied by Islamabad .
Pakistan 's army nurtured the rise of the Taliban , who swept to power in Afghanistan in the mid-90s .
However , after 9/11 , Islamabad allied itself with the west , which resulted in the creation of a Pakistani Taliban , opposed to their own government .
If there is one great joy to be derived from scanning the scientific literature over a week , it is the barrage of studies that challenge your beliefs and preconceptions , demonstrating the weakness of intuition : because if we knew all the answers to start with , there would be no point in doing research .
On an abstract level , there 's a good short report in the journal Cortex , where researchers in Bologna demonstrate the spectacular hopelessness of memory .
One morning in 1980 a bomb exploded in Bologna station : 85 people died , and the clock stopped ominously showing 10.25 , the time of the explosion .
This image became a famous symbol for the event , but the clock was repaired soon after and worked perfectly for the next 16 years .
When it broke again in 1996 , it was decided to leave the clock showing 10.25 permanently , as a memorial .
The researchers asked 180 people familiar with the station , or working there , with an average age of 55 , about the clock : 173 knew it was stopped , and 160 said it had been since 1980 .
What 's more , 127 claimed they had seen it stuck on 10.25 ever since the explosion , including all 21 railway employees .
In a similar study published last year , 40 % of 150 UK participants claimed to remember seeing closed circuit television footage of the moment of the explosion on the bus in Tavistock Square on 7 July 2005 .
No such footage exists .
That 's pretty abstract .
How about something practical from the Journal of the American Medical Association ?
Longstanding homeless people with severe alcohol problems often have many medical and psychiatric problems , it 's very difficult to initiate and maintain change in their lifestyles , and people worry - perhaps selfishly - that they cost a lot of money , both for healthcare and for criminal justice issues .
Society 's response is often to incarcerate them , or offer hostel accommodation where alcohol is forbidden , perhaps unrealistically .
Sometimes , perhaps , you may not be able to force someone to stop drinking .
So researchers took 95 homeless people with severe alcohol problems , put them into apartments where they could drink all they wanted , and compared them against 39 " waiting list controls " , who experienced the pre-existing services as if there was no new initiative .
Adding up the financial burdens on the state , participants had overall costs of $ 4,066 a person a month initially , which decreased to $ 1,492 after six months and $ 958 after 12 months in housing .
Oddly , people in the project showed substantial declines in drinking despite there being no requirement even to reduce their drinking to remain housed , and although nine died during the study , this is consistent with what you would expect from that group .
Miracles , very sadly , are hard to come by .
This kind of research is at the interface of medicine and social policy : it 's an accident of history that a few people from a science and public health background got involved in the project and did a trial , to get evidence to see if the policy hunch was correct .
Robust trials on social policy could happen routinely , if politicians were n't scientifically ignorant and terrified of the possibility that they might have to state - with simple , constructive honesty : " Well , we tried this idea , in all good faith , but it did n't work so we 're dropping it now . "
Or lastly , at the opposite end of the rigour spectrum , you could simply commission research to bolster your preconceptions , like the new survey on Auschwitz to promote the DVD release of a film called The Boy In The Striped Pyjamas - 25 % of pupils aged 11 - 16 did not know the purpose of Auschwitz , said the research .
Only 37 % knew the precise figure : 6 million were killed in the Holocaust .
There was an attack on children and schools for their ignorance , as the Holocaust is on the national curriculum .
The researchers were simply asking for specific details at the wrong time .
The Holocaust is covered at key stage 3 during year nine , the school year in which children turn 14 .
If you ask questions of children aged 11 - 16 , and they do n't all know the specific details from this horrific period in recent history , then that is not a reflection of stupidity in children or their teachers : it is a reflection of stupidity in the researchers .
This incompetent non-research was not published in a journal , and it will not be , with good reason , because it tells us nothing .
But it is the only story , of the three mentioned , that has received mainstream media coverage : in the Mirror , Telegraph and Mail , no less .
That is the news .
Is it worthwhile to pay the price to join a membership warehouse , such as Costco , Sam ’s Club or BJ’s ?
Or is carrying that little plastic card tantamount to proclaiming that you ’re a sucker ?
All of these warehouse membership clubs promise to pass the savings of bulk purchasing on to members — but they come with hefty annual membership fees ( $ 35 to $ 100 per year ) .
As with most frugal endeavors , joining a membership warehouse has good and bad points .
A quick rundown of the pros and cons of warehouse club membership might include these :
Pro :
Many per-unit prices are lower at warehouse clubs .
Some per-unit prices ( cat litter , eggs , diapers ) are much lower at warehouse clubs .
Savvy shoppers can save packaging and trips by buying in bulk .
Limited choices can save the “ brain damage ” of endless comparison shopping and paralysis of choice .
Some warehouse clubs offer rebates that make shopping even sweeter — for instance , Costco offers Executive Members a 2 % reward check annually on all purchases throughout the year .
If the rebate check is less than $ 50 — the difference between regular and “ executive ” membership — the warehouse will refund you the difference in cash .
Con :
Buyers need storage to store bulk purchases , or a system to divide purchases with others .
Purchasing can cost more up front to get a better per-unit price .
Those vulnerable to temptation might find it hard to resist a good deal on an unneeded item ( flat - screen TV , anyone ? ) .
Choices are limited .
Warehouses are n’t available everywhere and can be in inconvenient locations .
Prices tend to always be good ; but they are not always lower than regular stores .
Putting the pedal to the metal : My experience
We started shopping at a Sam ’s Club ( when there was no Costco in our area ) to buy cat litter and diapers .
( We used cloth diapers , but used disposables at night to minimize nighttime changes — and waking ) .
At that time , we calculated that those two items paid for our membership fee .
When Costco opened , we switched to Costco because of the greater availability of organic items and preferable company philosophy .
Today , we no longer have a cat or a child in diapers , but we are still active Costco members .
Some of our regular “ deal ” items have included :
Software – I typically save about $ 20 per year off retail price on tax preparation software .
Clothing – Mr. Cheap has several pairs of Calvin Klein and Ralph Lauren jeans in his wardrobe , purchased at Costco for $ 22 each , as well as nice socks and undershirts , and Mlle .
Cheap snoozes in organic - cotton PJs bought for less than $ 10 a pair .
Gasoline – Gas is regularly a few cents a gallon cheaper .
I do n’t go out of my way to buy it , but when we ’re there , we fill up .
Eyeglasses –
We just purchased two pairs of eyeglasses ( frames and lenses ) , including one pair of non-reflective , strong - prescription lenses made extra thin , with rounded edges to look better , for around $ 250 total .
But what about the everyday purchases that bring us back again and again ?
I put our buying to the test by comparing the Costco prices to grocery prices for 19 items we buy again and again .
The individual savings percentages might not impress you .
But if you purchased the whole list at once , it would cost $ 171.67 at Costco … and $ 538.71 to buy the same quantity at the grocery store ( and Amazon , in one case ) .
That ’s a savings of 68 percent or $ 367 !
We buy all of these items annually — many of them more than once — so the savings on our purchases conservatively equal at least $ 500 per year .
That more than pays for the $ 50 annual membership fee ( and even the $ 100 executive membership ) .
Here ’s the complete rundown ( click the image to see it full - size in a separate window ) :
Which warehouse is best ?
If you have Sam ’s Club and Costco in your area and are wondering which is a better deal , Wide Open Wallet compared the two on certain purchases .
Sam ’s Club came out $ 7 cheaper on $ 400 in purchases ( not quite 2 % savings ) .
She notes that she will stick with Costco because it is not part of the Wal - Mart empire .
Saving even more
For those who are interested in examining specifically whether the items they purchase are a better value at a warehouse store , The Simple Dollar posted recently about how to calculate cost per unit , and how to determine the value for you .
The uber - frugal can calculate an advantage in shopping at Costco during a busy time ( like Saturday noon ) when the sample tables are bustling .
At least one couple argues that they save $ 250 a year lunching on Costco samples every week .
Try club membership for free
If you ’re new to a warehouse , here ’s how to try one for free :
Costco members can bring a guest to shop with them at the warehouse .
You must make purchases together on one receipt .
Sam ’s Club periodically offers trial memberships .
Through May 25 , you can try a free one - day membership .
Sam ’s also is promoting a summer membership for $ 15 for 100 days — “ just 15 cents a day . ”
But note that a full year - long membership starts at $ 35 , or 9 cents a day .
Visit this blog for a free trial pass to BJ ’s clubs ( activate the trial membership by July 6 , 2009 ) .
Do you have other tips for saving big bucks at warehouse clubs ( or not ) ?
Or have you found little - known products available in warehouses or online that help you save even more ?
Sign up for our Newsletter Subscribe Here Name : Email :
We respect your email privacy
Google + Comments
Reports have surfaced that the Obama administration will likely terminate the National Environmental Performance Track program as early as this week .
The EPA ’s Performance Track program was designed to encourage businesses and governmental offices to move beyond mere compliance of environmental regulation by registering participants to agree to voluntary improvements across 20 environmental category areas .
By joining , signers - on hoped to improve their “ environmental cred . ”
The program was one of several public - private partnerships that became the hallmark of the Bush administration ’s environmental policy .
This approach to regulation was touted as a move beyond the traditional “ command and control ” nature of administrative rulemaking to more collaborative and voluntary programs .
Such programs have had mixed results .
Entry into the EPA ’s Performance Track program is supposed to be reserved for companies with sterling environmental records , but has been denounced by many environmentalists as a public relations hoax , with the vast majority of members falling short of their commitments .
EPA ’s decision to shutter Performance Track comes amid charges that the program was n’t living up to its billing : spending millions on recruiting and publicity ; and failing to independently confirm members ’ environmental pledges .
“ The program became so desperate to find new members , ” The Philadelphia Inquirer reports , “ that it turned to gift shops and post offices to pad its numbers . ”
The Performance Track program has 547 participating members .
In many instances , each branch or location of large companies are listed individually .
It is not entirely clear what impact the reported termination will have on the other Bush - era partnership programs in EPA and elsewhere .
Image : White House Photo / Pete Souza
Throwing the dog a credit card
My dog never got a credit card .
I say that with some regret because it ’s a column I always wanted to write .
Several years ago , I heard from a reader who said her dog , whose name was Riley , had been sent a card application .
As we pick through the rubble of the financial system , it ’s hard to remember that just a few short years ago , money was so cheap that even canines could get instant credit .
It was one of the more ridiculous examples of banks ’ dangerous love affair with risky customers — be they golden retrievers or subprime mortgage borrowers .
The relationship was a profitable one , but we ’ve come to the end of the affair .
President Barack Obama recently signed a bill that would eliminate many of the credit card practices that fueled consumer debt spirals , sucking borrowers into an inescapable vortex one fee or interest rate hike at a time .
The new law curtails tactics such as applying interest - rate changes to existing balances retroactively or charging interest on bills paid on time .
Issuers now must apply payments over the minimum balance to charges with the highest interest rate first , and they ca n’t accept charges that put cardholders over their credit limits , thereby generating fees .
Banks must give cardholders advance notice of interest rate changes , instead of informing us after the fact .
They also ca n’t issue cards to anyone under 21 , which presumably applies to dogs as well as humans .
The banks seem to be having a hard time accepting that the affair is over .
The American Bankers Association has said the new law will mean that fewer people will get credit .
It also warned those who do may not be able to get as much , as if either of those are bad things .
Card issuers have suggested that to offset lost fee revenue , they may raise interest rates on customers who pay on time and charge fees to those who clear the balances every month .
In other words , since they can no longer exploit less responsible borrowers , the banks will beat up their best customers instead .
It ’s as if they have n’t yet figured out that their world has changed .
In an era of renewed thrift , consumers who can pay their bills are also likely to be consumers who do n’t need as much credit .
In fact , some customers may question the need for credit cards at all .
Like a lot of cardholders , I pay a hefty annual fee on my personal credit card solely for the airline miles .
While I ’m generally opposed to paying for discounts , I ’ve played along because of the lucrative nature of air miles .
However , given the cutbacks in frequent flier rewards , higher card fees may make me change my mind .
The credit card changes come as the banks are still reeling from losses caused by their other bad lending habits .
Now , rising unemployment — which tracks card default rates — and the new restrictions in the law are threatening to erode the once lucrative card business .
Already , banks have been cutting back , withdrawing about $ 320 billion in credit lines just in the first quarter and bracing for writeoffs that could hit $ 94 billion this year , compared with $ 64 billion last year , according the Nilson Report , an industry newsletter .
It ’s hard to feel sorry for banks that , dug this hole for themselves .
Rewarding responsible customers wo n’t generate the fat profits that card issues have come to expect , but it ’s a key step in getting the banking industry stabilized .
Just like subprime mortgages , the credit card games represent an area where bad financial behavior was rewarded and profits justified any practice .
No wonder the business went to the dogs .
loren.steffy@chron.com
With one quick download , Google 's browser will soon enable users to do something that the company can't be happy about -- block online ads .
Google Chrome , the company 's recent entry into the Web browser market , will begin accepting software extensions developed by third parties , similar to what Mozilla Firefox has offered for years .
The company , which derives the vast majority of its revenue from online advertising , recently made an API tool kit available to developers that would help them create powerful extensions to Chrome .
These third - party features are n't available yet to the public , but an extension called AdSweepwill be one of the first on tap .
Similar to a popular extension for Firefox , AdSweep hides advertising on Web pages .
The extension has been available since March , but Google has n't yet cemented a way to easily install such features .
Asked for comment , Google did not directly address the issue .
" We are designing Google Chrome 's extensions to be flexible enough to support all different types of features , and we are encouraged by the development that we 've seen in this area so far , " a Google spokesperson wrote in an e-mail .
Surely AdSweep , specifically , is n't the source of that encouragement , right ?
" Put a different way , we are encouraged by the work that developers are doing as they experiment with building tools on our extensions platform , " the spokesperson wrote .
Google , being an advertising company at its core , probably wo n't benefit from ...
The West Wing 1999 - 2006
1. Donna Moss Janel Moloney has yet to find a permanent home since her performance as slightly distraught oddball Donnatella Moss .
She has however found time to turn up as distraught oddballs in episodes of House , 30 Rock and the US remake of Life On Mars .
2. Sam Seaborn Following an early exit from The West Wing , Rob Lowe starred in and was slated for two abortive drama series of his own creation .
He eventually returned to politics and ran for president as Robert McCallister in family drama Brothers & Sisters , although this time , horror of horrors , as a Republican .
3. Abbey Bartlet Stockard Channing returned to work as a doctor as Lydia Barnes in the unsuccessful , though well - received , US comedy Out of Practice , about a marriage counsellor who feels inferior to his family of doctors .
Somehow even a pun that contrived was n't enough .
4. Leo MacGarry Actor John Spencer died of a heart attack during filming of the final series , aged 58 .
You can however take a glimpse at the young Leo as lawyer Tommy Mullaney in early 90s legal drama LA Law .
Or you can just watch The West Wing again and again and again until someone has to stage an intervention
5. Jed Bartlet
The greatest president America never had , Martin Sheen is due to play Union Carbide CEO Warren Anderson in the forthcoming Bhopal : Prayer for Rain .
On the subject of atrocities , you may recently have seen him on Channel 4's The Sunday Night Project , performing as a Village People parody of Jed Bartlet opposite a blacked - up Alan Carr .
6. Charlie Young
After leaving his job as bodyman to the President , Dulé Hill turned up as sidekick Gus in hit US comedy Psych , about a detective who claims to have psychic powers .
It turns out he does n't .
Psych !
In America that works as a joke .
7. Josh Lyman Bradley
Whitford reappeared with redder , thinner hair but the exact same personality as executive producer Danny Tripp on Aaron Sorkin 's ill - fated third TV project , Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip .
He 's now filming sitcom Off Duty about the partnership between two police officers with very different personalities .
How will they cope ?
8. CJ Cregg
You might have expected to see a lot more of impossibly brilliant Allison Janney .
Oddly , though , Janney 's most notable appearances since have been as oppressive mother Prudy Pingleton in Hairspray , oppressive stepmother Brenda MacGuff in Juno , and Peaches the voyeuristic starfish in Finding Nemo .
Bring back CJ !
9. Toby Ziegler Last year , perpetually vexed and irritated Richard Schiff appeared briefly in an episode of Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles , in many ways The West Wing 's obvious intellectual successor .
You can also see him in the film Last Chance Harvey , with Dustin Hoffman and Emma Thompson , but it 's harder to mock that without having seen it .
10 . Bruno Gianelli ( not pictured )
Tragically , actor Ron Silver , who will be remembered for numerous outstanding performances , died on 16 March this year .
Bruno really is no more .
Star Trek 1966 - 1969
Star Trek .
Photograph : Allstar
1. Mr Spock Spock still has n't died ( apart from that one time when he did ) and appears as his older self in the forthcoming Star Trek film .
Leonard Nimoy also emerged from hiding last year to support Barack Obama .
Apparently when they first met Obama gave a Vulcan salute .
Live long and prosper , Mr President .
2. Hikaru Sulu George Takei turned out to have a son in the shape of time - travelling Hiro Nakamura , in Heroes , turning up as his father in the first two series .
After his death in that , he moved out to the jungle to humiliate himself for the amusement of idiots in I'm a Celebrity ... Get Me Out Of Here , coming third in the Best in Show category .
3. Captain James T Kirk William
Shatner has been beamed down to Earth in various guises over the years , most persistently as tough - talking cop TJ Hooker , in TJ Hooker , and as self - proclaimed genius lawyer Denny Crane , in Boston Legal .
He is also known for his " singing " , which has somehow become ironically brilliant .
Very strange people might be tempted to visit his online video diary , The Shatner Project .
4. Dr Leonard " Bones " McCoy DeForest Kelly never landed another significant acting role and went into retirement .
He then wrote a number of eye - wateringly bad poems telling the behind - the - scenes story of Star Trek , titled The Big Bird 's Dream .
As of 1999 , " He 's dead , Jim " .
5. Uhura Nichelle Nichols turned up recently as Nana Dawson in Heroes , now in its spectacularly confusing third series .
Nana Dawson 's powers and significance are still unknown , although fans speculate that she may be invisible to fish .
The Star Trek universe trembled when her 1994 autobiography revealed her long - term affair with Star Trek creator Gene Roddenberry .
Teachers 2001 - 2004
Teachers .
Photograph : Channel 4
1. Brian Steadman Brian 's career was cut short when writers put him in a fatal car crash between series three and four .
Adrian Bower reappeared voicing Vodafone adverts and went on to win Celebrity Poker Club .
Witnesses report that , after winning , he mounted the table , roared " Look at me now , writers !
I 'm king of the world ! " and headbutted the camera .
Or maybe someone made that up to make him seem less dull .
2. Susan Gately Raquel Cassidy shone as alcoholic Labour MP Jo Porter in the 2007 BBC drama Party Animals .
This year she has led two lives , working as high - powered and highly strung executive Nancy Weeks on ITV 's navel - gazing sitcom Moving Wallpaper , then returning home to supportively gaze at Jack Dee 's navel in BBC2's Lead Balloon .
3. Simon Casey Andrew Lincoln moved from teaching English to lecturing in psychology as the star of supernatural ITV drama Afterlife , a classic boy - meets girl - who - can - talk - to - his - dead - son drama exploring the issues of mental illness , cancer and loss and successfully cheapening all of them .
He returned in his best - loved role as affable Egg in 2007's
This Life +10 and is now due to appear in ITV 's forthcoming Wuthering Heights .
4. Kurt McKenna
After being trapped by the show 's writers in Brian 's fatal off - screen car crash , Navin Chowdry emerged better , stronger , faster and less dead with supporting roles in Channel 4's NY - LON and BBC Three 's Sinchronicity , both now finished .
He recently popped up as Sharon Horgan 's gay accountant in C4's egregiously profane new sitcom Free Agents .
He returns to teaching as Mr Watson in Sky One 's forthcoming adaptation of the children 's classic Skellig .
5. Jenny Paige
It was never revealed exactly why or how Nina Sosanya had vanished at the beginning of series three and to this day Channel 4 refuses to launch an inquiry , but judging by her recent ubiquity it seems to have been a good move .
She can now be found smoking a lot and being a little bit one - dimensional as station manager Jane in ITV2 sitcom FM .
The Wire 2002 -2008
The Wire . Photograph : BBC/HBO
1. William " Bunk " Moreland
In the dying days of The Wire , Wendell Pierce popped up briefly in Numb3rs ( the 3 is silent , as in " rubbi3sh n3ame " ) , a crime drama about a mathematician who is n't psychic and is forced to resort to equations to solve crime .
He 'll also star in The Wire creator David Simon 's new series Treme , about a group of New Orleans musicians in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina , beginning next year .
2. James " Jimmy " McNulty Dominic
West claims his mother stopped speaking to him after he played Oliver Cromwell in historical drama The Devil 's Whore , alongside Peter Capaldi's Charles I and Andrea Riseborough as Angelica Fanshawe .
This year , he 'll be using the classical warfare skills he learned in 300 in Centurion .
And even as the star of arguably the best drama series ever made , at just 40 , West 's best may be yet to come .
3. Thomas " Herc " Hauk
If the pilot goes down well Domenick Lombardozzi will have a lead role in new US crime drama Finnegan , about a woman fighting organised crime the old - fashioned way , without any equations , telepathy or vampires .
How will she cope ?
4. Leander Sydnor
Having had no film or TV work since The Wire ended , Corey Parker Robinson has sought creative fulfilment elsewhere .
Last year , perhaps inspired by William Shatner , he narrated A Lincoln Portrait , a medley of Abraham Lincoln 's speeches backed by the National Symphony Orchestra .
5. Shakima " Kima " Greggs Formerly a respected slam poet , Sonja Sohn 's most notable appearance since The Wire was giving away her child as Trish Evans in Brothers & Sisters .
Presumably all of the main characters were too rich and beautiful to give birth themselves .
6. Ellis Carver Seth Gilliam has had small roles in CSI : Miami and Law & Order : Criminal Intent .
He is is set to segue into legal docu- drama this month with the premiere of The People v Leo Frank .
7. Russell " Stringer " Bell Idris Elba 's phone has n't stopped ringing and he turned in great performance after great performance with guest roles in the US remake of The Office and The No 1 Ladies ' Detective Agency .
He has also , more dubiously , been in Guy Ritchie 's RocknRolla , and stars opposite Beyoncé Knowles in Obsessed , out next month .
8. Omar Little
The makers of The Incredible Hulk know talent when they see it , and they knew Michael K Williams was the man to play " a bystander " .
His fortunes have picked up since , though , with roles in several films , including an adaptation of Cormac McCarthy 's The Road , starring Charlize Theron and Viggo Mortensen .
9. Lester Freamon
This month Channel 4 broadcasts feature film Endgame , the story of the fall of apartheid , with Clarke Peters playing a young Nelson Mandela .
He can also currently be found in Damages playing Dave , and will join co-star Wendell Pierce next year in David Simon 's Treme .
10 . Marlo Stanfield Viewers of Heroes will have spotted Jamie Hector in the role of escaped criminal Knox .
Knox has evolved the power to turn other peoples ' fear into superhuman strength , resulting in a scene in which he punched a cowardly man in the chest and his fist came out the other side .
Genius .
11 . Avon Barksdale Wood Harris will soon begin filming his first major lead role as Sweetwater in the film of the same name , telling the story of the first black basketball player to be signed by the NBA .
Those desperate for more Avon can find him playing for laughs in comedy crime caper Next Day Air .
Cheers 1982 - 1993
Cheers .
Photograph : Rex Features
1. Norm Peterson Among George Wendt 's highlights since Cheers closed are his prominent role in six episodes of Sabrina the Teenage Witch and his cameo as Norm Peterson in The Simpsons .
He also appeared as an unnamed film producer in the Spice Girls film , Spice World , arguably one of the best films the Spice Girls made that year .
2. Frasier Crane
The spin - off show , Frasier , became one of the most successful sitcoms ever , finally coming to an end in 2004 , 20 years after Kelsey Grammer 's first appearance in Cheers .
Fresh from blueing up to play Beast in the third X - Men film , he sought sitcom gold again as veteran news anchor Chuck Darling in Back To You , about two newsreaders who used to be a couple .
( In America it 's now illegal to make a sitcom without a pun in the title . )
3. Cliff Clavin Now Pixar 's mustachioed mascot , John Ratzenberger has appeared in every film they 've made , voicing Hamm the piggy bank in Toy Story , the Abominable Snowman in Monsters , Inc and villainous The Underminer in The Incredibles .
Their huge success has made him a very wealthy man , which in no way explains why he campaigned for John McCain in 2008 .
4. Diane Chambers Shelley Long has developed a penchant for films that do exactly what they say on the tin .
She has been to the White House in The Brady Bunch in the White House , gone on a honeymoon with her son in Honeymoon with Mom and been white and gone to the hairdresser in A Couple of White Chicks at the Hairdresser .
5. Sam Malone
You can currently find Ted Danson playing former billionaire Arthur Frobrisher in Damages .
He prepared for the role , in which he fights an epic battle of wills with terrifying super - lawyer Glenn Close , by butting heads with Larry David in Curb Your Enthusiasm and , in Saving Private Ryan , fighting the Nazis .
6. Woody Boyd Woody Harrelson had a busy few years after Cheers ended , with leading roles in Natural Born Killers , Kingpin and The People Vs Larry Flint .
Then came 10 years in the wilderness .
Now , he has been rediscovered as Carson Wells in No Country for Old Men , and we 'll see him back as a star at last , with forthcoming ﬁ lms including The Other Side , Banraku and Pinkville .
7 Carla Tortelli Rhea Perlman has had cameos in both Becker and Frasier , although George Wendt was sadly unable to find space for her in Spice World .
She does , however , star in Beethoven 's Big Break , released last month , the 11,479th installment in the Beethoven saga .
The twist in the tale is that , this time , something happens to the dog .
Thirty - something 1987 - 1991
Thirty - something .
Photograph : Rex Features
1. Elliot Weston Timothy Busfield , under the pen name Danny Concannon , became the best investigative journalist who ever lived .
Unfortunately , being the best in the world is a basic requirement for any West Wing character and did n't stand out so much as it would have in a show like EastEnders .
He went on to make the leap , with Bradley Whitford and Matthew Perry , from the West Wing to Studio 60
2. Nancy Weston
Anyone can become president in America , and the makers of Prison Break chose Patricia Wettig .
Eventually blackmail forced her to resign , helped along by the fact that she was also playing a less supporting role as former mistress / businesswoman Holly Harper in Brothers & Sisters .
She also played Dr Judy Barrett in Alias , but it had nothing whatsoever to do with her husband being the producer .
3. Hope Murdoch Steadman Mel Harris 's biggest recent project was unsuccessful telenovella Saints & Sinners , a contemporary re-imagining of Romeo & Juliet .
She played feuding matriarch Sylvia Capshaw , whose surname is subtly similar to Capulet in that half of it is the same .
4. Michael Steadman Married to Patricia Wettig , Ken Olin has popped up as David McNeil in Alias and David Caplan in Brothers & Sisters , as well as executive producing several series of both .
He also directed three episodes of The West Wing .
5. Ellyn Warren
Now a highly successful writer , director and producer , Polly Draper writes , directs and produces Nickelodeon 's The Naked Brothers Band , which stars her children and their friends as 10 - year - old rock stars .
It 's one of the network 's most popular shows , which just goes to show that what children really want is naked brothers .
And bands .
6. Melissa Steadman
After finally picking up an Emmy as Melissa , Melanie Mayron moved behind camera to tell people where to stand and when to look sad .
She directed the 2002 film Slap Her ...
She 's French , as well as episodes of Dawson 's Creek , Tell Me You Love Me and co-star Polly Draper 's series The Naked Brothers Band .
She still makes some time for acting , with a small role as Patty Bloom in fashion world drama Lipstick Jungle .
7. Gary Shepherd
Did you ever look at Peter Horton and think , " He'd be amazing as a dead detective sent back from hell by Satan to capture evil spirits at loose on earth " ?
So did the makers of Brimstone , reinventing him as walking cliche Ezekiel Stone .
When that folded , fittingly , after 13 episodes , he found himself starring opposite Geena Davis in The Geena Davis Show , after initially auditioning unsuccessfully for the title role .
Deadwood 2004 - 2006
Deadwood .
Photograph : HBO
1. Sol Star John
Hawkes found a new home in sitcom Eastbound & Down .
He plays the brother of fading , deluded baseball star Kenny Powers , who returns home to discover he 's not as popular as he imagined .
Will Ferrell created it , telling you everything you need to know .
2. EB Farnum
Ever thought to yourself " There are n't enough shows about psychic people in America " ?
Then you 'll love William Sanderson 's new job as Sheriff Bud Dearborne in True Blood , a show about a barmaid who can read minds in a world full of vampires , from Six Feet Under creator Alan Ball .
3. Cy Tolliver Powers
Boothe continued on the path of darkness as power - grabbing vice president Noah Daniels in 24 , wresting power from President Wayne Palmer and then ordering a nuclear attack .
Liking what they saw , the Republican party chose Boothe to narrate a campaign ad for John McCain .
4. Al Swearengen
The extraordinarily brilliant Ian McShane can now be found playing King Silas Benjamin in the new US drama Kings , a contemporary take on the biblical story of King David .
The New Yorker has heaped praise upon his performance in it .
McShane has also voiced evil snow leopard Tai Lung in Kung Fu Panda , Captain Hook in Shrek the Third and a viking in SpongeBob SquarePants .
5. Doc Cochran
This year sees master of creepiness Brad Dourif acting his guts out in a glut of horror films including Chain Letter ( " If you do n't forward it , you die " ) , The Kentucky Fried Horror Show ( " Time to get greasy " ) and the sequel to Rob Zombie 's Halloween ( " Oh God , not another film called Halloween .
Why ?
Why ?
Seriously why ? " ) .
6. Seth Bullock ( not pictured ) After Deadwood , Timothy Olyphant wandered into the latest series of legal drama Damages as suspiciously friendly Wes Krulik .
He also found time to star in the 2007 film Hitman , about a hitman called Hitman , based on the videogame Hitman , about a man called Hitman who works as an assassin ...
You may have heard that the latest iteration of Britain ’s Next Top Model features a young woman , Jade McSorley , who is openly struggling with anorexia .
Now , I ’m far from the kind of person who rolls their eyes at “ attention seeking anorexics ” or chortles about “ bulimic cheerleaders ” ( and I ’ve encountered plenty of self - identified progressives who do ) .
To the contrary .
I think there ’s a lot of good that could come from a more open and honest dialogue around eating disorders - as well as the behaviours engaged in by a lot of teenage girls and young women that might not meet the medical definition of a disorder , but which are n’t far off , either in their practical application or in their mental effect .
But something about this makes me deeply uncomfortable .
According to The Sun , the program will show McSorley being turned down for jobs on the provisor that she needs to gain weight - and she says the show gave her the support she required to do so .
But something about the whole thing reeks of publicity hunting and theatrics .
The modelling industry is full of very slim girls ( and they are usually girls , or teenagers , at least ) , and it ’s also rife with eating disorders .
I know several current and former models , and not one of them has n't had one at one point or another .
McSorley is tiny , yes , but she does n’t look any different to what we ’re used to seeing on the international catwalks or in high fashion magazines .
And she does n’t look much different to what we ’re used to seeing amongst celebrities .
From an analytical point of view , you might say this is interesting : it highlights the extent to which one highly influential subculture ’s ( because most people do n’t aspire to look like high fashion models , but the standards they set do trickle down ) version of beauty is synonymous with physical and mental illness .
( I ’ve written on this before , but my computer ’s being a bitch , so I ’ll direct you instead to this excellent article by Emily Nussbaum . )
Putting McSorley on the show forces us to acknowledge this .
But life is more than just a sociological image , so it ’s actually really depressing .
For one , because modelling is an industry in which naturally tiny women , often from not - so - wealthy backgrounds , are demanded to deprive their bodies of food in order to get work , in some cases literally risking their lives .
For another , because acknowledging this does n’t always - or only - lead to productive political anger .
It can also lead to the kind of unproductive political anger that drove my own eating disorder as much as depression did : “ So you think I ’m hotter when I starve myself and throw up my meals ?
Well , why not take it to the extreme and make you think I ’m disgusting ? ”
In other words : why is semi-starvation considered cool and attractive , and severe starvation ( the visible kind ) an embarrassment ?
And a lot of the time , it does n’t even go that far .
The anger is only directed inwards , and seeing a woman who starves herself heralded as a potential beauty queen , only highlights sacrifices demanded by those who wish to be deemed likewise .
< Earlier Kibitzing · PAGE 8 OF 8 · Later Kibitzing > May -27-18
WorstPlayerEver : Totally missed Nc3 .
Oh well .. still better than seeing Nc3 and do n't make it happen :P May -27-18 ChessHigherCat : < WorstPlayerEver : Totally missed Nc3 .
Oh well .. still better than seeing Nc3 and do n't make it happen :P>
Bit of a self - serving argument , would n't you say ?
Keep sucking on those sour grapes !
I 'd say seeing the first moves is a step in the right direction but you 'd have to be nearly a GM to see the whole mind - blowing follow - up .
May -27-18
malt :
Seen that 23 .Nc3 gives access to a7 ,
if 23 ...bc3 24.bc3 opens the b file
23.Nc3 Qe8 ( 23 ... Qb6 ? 24.Nd5 + ) 24.R:a7
23.Nc3 bc3 24.bc3 Rd8 25 .Rfb1 Qe8 26.B:a7 May -27-18 stacase : < ChessHigherCat : ... seeing the first moves is a step in the right direction but you 'd have to be nearly a GM to see the whole mind - blowing follow - up . >
I saw 23 .
Nc3 - not like yesterday 's ego trip , but getting the 1st move everyday of the week is a personal first .
May - 27 - 18 catlover :
This puzzle definitely merits the four stars .
May -27-18
agb2002 : White has a bishop , a knight and a pawn for the queen .
The rook on a 1 x - rays a7 and the knight does n't look well placed .
These details suggest 23 . Nc3 : A ) 23 ... bxc3 24.bxc3 ( threatens Rfb1 and cxd4 )
A.1 ) 24 ... Rd8 25.Rfb1
A.1.a ) 25 ... Qe8 26 .
Bxa7 ( 26.b8 =Q+ Rxb8 27 .
Rxa7 + Kd6 28.Ra6 + Kd7 unclear ) A.1.a.i ) 26 ... Bd6 27.b8=Q+ Rxb8 28 .Rxb8 Qxb8 ( 28 ... Qd7 29 .Rxh8 + - [ 2R+B+2P vs q ] ) 29 .
Bxb8 + Rxb8 ( 29 ... Kxb8 30 .Ra8 + Kc7 31.Rxh8 ) 30 .
Ra7 + Kd8 31.Bd5 ( probably better than Rxf7 ) with a won endgame .
A.1.a.ii ) 26 ... Rb8 27 . Bxb8 + wins ( 27 ... Kxb8 28 .Ra8 + ; 27 ... Qxb8 28 .Ra8 ; 27 ... Kd7 28.Bxe5 Qxe5 29.b8=Q ) .
A.1.b ) 25 ... Qd7 26.b8=Q+ Rxb8 27 .Ra7 + wins decisive material due to the intermediate checks .
A.1.c ) 25 ... Qxb1 + 26.Rxb1
A.1.c.i ) 26 ... a 5 27 .Bb6 + followed by 28 .
Bxd8 wins decisive material .
A.1.c.ii ) 26 ... Bd6 27 .
Bxa7 recovers the exchange and ends up two pawns ahead .
A.2 ) 24 ...
Bc5 25.cxd4
A.2.a ) 25 ... exd4 26 .Bf4 + Bd6 27 . Bxd6 + Kxd6 28 .
Rxa7 followed by Ra8 sems to win material but Black has two connected passed pawns .
A.2.b ) 25 ... Bb6 26.dxe5 Bxe3 27.fxe3 , unclear .
B ) 23 ... Qd7 24.Bxd4
B.1 ) 24 ... Qxd4 25 . Nb5 + wins .
B.2 ) 24 ... bxc3 25 .
Bxe5 Bd6 26 .
Bxc3 Bc5 27 .Be5 + Bd6 28 . Rxa7 + - [ R+B+4P ] ( 28 ... Bxe5 29.b8=Q+ Kxb8 30.Rxd7 ) .
B.3 ) 24 ... exd4 25 . Rxa7 ( 25.Nd5 + looks unnecessarily complex ) B.3.a ) 25 ... bxc3 26.b8=Q+ Kxb8 27.Rxd7 cxb2 28.Rxd4 + - [ R+P ] . B.3.b ) 25 ... Bd6 26.b8=Q+ Kxb8 27 .Ra8 + Kc7 28 .Nd5 + followed by Rxh8 wins decisive material .
C ) 23 ... Qe8 24 . Bxd4 looks similar to B. May - 27-18 ChessHigherCat : stacase : < ChessHigherCat : ... seeing the first moves is a step in the right direction but you 'd have to be nearly a GM to see the whole mind - blowing follow - up . >
< I saw 23 .
Nc3 - not like yesterday 's ego trip , but getting the 1st move everyday of the week is a personal first . >
That 's true .
I wasted 10 minutes trying to make 23 .
Nb6 work ( if axb 24 .
Ra8 wins and if 23 ... Kxb6 then b8=Q .
Unfortunately , if 23 .
Qxb6 white has nyattinkk .
Then I almost gave up when I thought , well let 's try the knight move on the other side and saw that it set a whole Rube Goldberg mechanism in motion :D https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/...
May -27-18
malt : Missed 23 ... Qc5 from my previous post
24.R:a7 bc3 ( 24 ...Q:a7 25 .Nb5 + )
25.Ra8 Qb5 26 Rc8 + May -27 -18 landshark : I thought 25 ... exd4 26 . Bf4 + Bd6 27 . Bxd6 + Kxd6 28 .
Rxa7 Qh5 looked dicey .
So I threw up my hands and looked .
Turns out I was on the right track but no point on this one .
Two 5 / 7 weeks - got all the work days right but zero for the weekends - May - 27 - 18 Walter Glattke : From agb2002 : A2a ) I think for 28 . - Kc7 29 .Ra8 Rb8 30 .
Rfa1 and the black pawns win against the rook with 30 .
- Rxb7 31 .
Bxb7 Qxb7 32.R1a7 c3 33 .Rxb7 + Kxb7 34.Ra1 d3 and Rb1+ Ka6 Ra1 + Kb5 only good for black .
/ 30 .- c3 ? 31.Rxb8 Kxb8 32 .Ra8 + Kc7 33.b8Q + Qxb8 34 .Rxb8 c2 ! / 33.Rc8 + Kd7 34.b8Q Qxb8 35 .Rxb8 c2 ! 36 . Bh3 + Kc6 37.Rc8 + Kb5 38.Bf5 or 33 .- Kd6 - the rook party wins against the pawns then .
May - 27 - 18 Walter Glattke : Oh , not 34.- d3 , 34.- c2 ! , while 34.- d3 ? 35 .Kf1 ! wins for White .
May -27 - 18 messachess : Difficult .
Gata found it all back in the days of his run for the wc .
May -27-18
Breunor :
Did n't even know where to start !
Great game .
May - 27 - 18 cormier :
click for larger view Analysis by Houdini 4 : d 28 dpa done
1. = / + ( - 0.36 ) : 21 ... Kb8 22.Be3 e5 23 .
Rfe1 Bc5 24.Rec1 Rhd8 25 .Bf1 Bf8 26 .
Bxd4 Rxd4 27 .Rxc4 Rxc4 28.b3 Qxb7 29 .
Bxc4 Qf3 30 .
Bxf7 Qxf6 31 .Bc4 Qf3 32.Re1 e4 33.Re3 Qf5 34.Re2 Bh6 35.h4 Kc7 36 . Nb2 Kd6 37 .Nd1 a5 38 . Nb2 Kc6 39.Rc2 Kd7 40.Re2 Qf3 41.Nd1 a4 42.bxa4 b3 43.Ne3 Kc7
2 . + / = ( 0.62 ) : 21 ... Kc7 22.Be3 e5 23.Nc3 bxc3 24.bxc3 Bc5 25.cxd4 Bxd4 26 .Rfb1 Qc5 27.Ra6 c3 28.Rc6 + Qxc6 29 .Bxc6 c2 30.Rc1 Kxc6 31 . Rxc2 + Kxb7 32 .Bd2 Ra8 33 .
Ba5 Ka6 34.Ra2 Kb5 35.h4 e4 36.Kf1 Bxf6 37.Ke2 Bd4 38.f3 exf3 + 39 . Kxf3 Rh8 40 .
Be1 Bb6 41.Re2 f6 42.Bc3 Rh6 43.Re1 a5 44.Rb1+ Kc6 45.Rc1 Kd5 46.Ra1 f5 47 .
Bxa5 May -27 -18 BxChess : < Walter Glattke >
Your arguments for 28 ... Bxe3 neglect the idea that 29 .
Rc6 + eventually pulls the Black king from the defence of the b8 queening square , and so in the end black will lose the h8 rook for the b7 pawn .
This is presumably one of the reasons that 28 ... Rb8 was played .
May - 27 - 18 njchess : I got the game line up to 26 .
♖f b1 which was the point of the knight sac .
I 'm not sure if White is winning , but I do value the position as ±. May -28-18
Richard Taylor : < mel gibson : Richard < Intuition also plays a part >
It 's got to .
A human can't look at 1 trillion nodes every 10 minutes like an i7 Quad core using Stockfish 9 . >
True .
Some players do n't think there is .
Some have an idea GMs etc calculate everything or something like that .
Of course here Kamsky would have seen a lot ...
I make sacs OTB and on the Internet and they are what I call ' speculators ' so I kind of calculate and judge ( " intuition " however that is defined ) .
Obviously I lose a lot of games missing good defenses etc but sometimes such a sac can open things up and win a game ....
The Najdorf is similarly complex .
And of course the first move here was theory .
But you have to know why the move is play and how to get there ...
May -30 - 18
patzer2 : Just now getting around to attempting to deeply analyze this game from the Sunday May 27 , 2018 puzzle ( 23 . ? ) .
One resource that appears to be particularly helpful in getting started is he Kingcrusher video analysis of it at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kb1....
May -20 - 19 Howard :
This might have been stated earlier , but I 'm too lazy to wade through all the previous postings .
23 .Nc3 was first played by Salov in an earlier game .
Byrne mentions that in his NYT column back from 1994 when he analyzed this game .
The analysis of that move by agb2002 from the May 27 , 2018 posting looks interesting .
May - 20 - 19 Howard : According to Stockfish , 21 ... Kb8 would have held the postion .
Apr -28-20 Chesgambit : kc7 ??
Apr-28-20 Chesgambit : 27 ... c3 Rc6 Qxc6 Bxc6 c2 Rc1 Kxc6 Rxc2 + Kxb7 32 . Ra2 ! maybe Vladmir Kramnik miss this Apr - 28 - 20 Chesgambit : also Kg2 works Bxe3 fxe3
this endgame si winning g4 kg3 g5 kg4 g6
kg5 kxg6
example
33 ...a5
analysis of move 33 ...?
3...a5 34.g4 Kb6 35.Kg3 a4 36.g5 Kb5 37.Rc7 Rf8 38.Ra7 Kb4 39.h4 a3 40 .Kg4 Kb3 41.g6 fxg6 42.Kg5 a2 43.Kxg6 Rg8 + 44.Kh7 Rg3 45.f7 Rf3 46.Kg7 Rg3 + 47 .Kh6 Rf3 48.Kg6 Rg3 + 49.Kf5 Rxe3 50.h5 Rf3 + 51.Ke4 Apr-28-20 Chesgambit : 27 ... c3 28 . Rc6 + Qxc6 29 . Bxc6 c2 30 .
Rc1 Kxc6 31 .
Rxc2 + Kxb7 32 . Kg2 Bxe3 33 . fxe3 a5 34 . g4 a4 35 . g5 a3 36 .
Kg3 Ra8 37 .
Ra2 Kb6 38 .
Kg4 Kb5 39 . g6 fxg6 40 .
Kg5 Kb4 41 .
Kxg6 Kb3 42 .
Rxa3 + Kxa3 43 . f7 Apr-28-20 Chesgambit : Kb4 Kg7 Kc3 f8=Q Rxf8 Kxf8 Kd3 h4 Kxe3 h5 e4 h6 Kd2 h7 e3 h8=Q e2 theory wins insane calculations
also not Rxa3 Ra1 easy wins Jump to page # ( enter # from 1 to 8 )
search thread :
< Earlier Kibitzing · PAGE 8 OF 8 · Later Kibitzing >
Father Throws 10 Month - Old in Boiling Water on a Dare
A 10 month - old Taiwanese girl was severely burned at the hand of her father last week in Taiwan .
Mr. Huang , a 47 year - old alcoholic noodle factory owner , had been out all night drinking with some friends .
When he returned home , very intoxicated , his girlfriend and the baby ’s mother , Ms. Lin , was extremely angry and they began to argue .
Lin was holding their baby in her arms and at one point in the argument , dared Huang to throw their daughter into a gigantic wok of boiling water .
Huang , furious and angry , jumped over and snatched his daughter from Lin and dumped her into the boiling water .
Lin in shock , managed to pull the baby out of the boiling water , but it was too late as 90 % of the babies body was scalded .
She tried to cool the baby by running cold water on her and removing her clothing , but it only added to the babies pain as parts of her skin fell off .
Lin ran with the baby to her house , where her brother rushed them to the hospital .
A doctor described the baby ’s pain as ‘ being slashed by a thousand knives ’ , and almost 10 times worse than labor pains .
When the police arrived at the noodle factory to arrest Huang , they found him standing there cooking noodles as if nothing had occured .
Huang later told the police that he “ did n’t mean to put the baby in the boiling water .
I really regret what I did after having a drop too much . ’
Initially the baby ’s condition looked to be improving , but Monday night , she took a turn for the worse .
3 days later , the 10 month - old girl died from multiple organ failure .
“ We respected the mother ’s wish not to defibrillate or perform cardiopulmonary resuscitation and we gave the baby all the medication we could , including antibiotics .
Unfortunately , the girl left us at 10:05 am , ” Changhua Christian Hospital emergency room supervisor Chou Chih - chung ( 周志中 ) said .
“ It was just too painful for her , ” the mother said .
( link )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
I use Mathematica occasionally .
I think it sucks [ 1 ] and I loathe it , but I sometimes find it useful for implementing mathematical algorithms and solvers before ( or after ) I implement them in production code , for prototyping ( or debugging ) .
Regardless of how I feel about the technical aspects of Mathematica itself , wow , is Stephen Wolfram [ 2 ] a piece of work , or what ?
I have a healthy ego , and I think I 'm a pretty smart guy , but my God , that man 's ego burns with the light of a thousand suns .
He 's obviously very smart , and he's a very successful businessperson , but the magnitude of his ego- maniacal self - promotion transcends any level of intelligence or success .
A group of friends and I used to do dramatic readings of the About the Author text from the Mathematica Book , which begins thusly :
About the Author
Stephen Wolfram is the creator of Mathematica and is widely regarded as the most important innovator in scientific and technical computing today .
The guy wrote that himself .
Wait , while searching for that , I see he updated it slightly in later versions :
About the Author
Stephen Wolfram is the creator of Mathematica , and a well - known scientist .
He is widely regarded as the most important innovator in technical computing today , as well as one of the world 's most original research scientists .
I guess the original did n't fully express the boundless expanse of his awesomeness .
Even so , I never really thought much about posting this opinion publicly [ 3] — it just did n't seem worth it — until today .
As most of the internet knows , Wolfram launched Wolfram| Alpha a little while back .
Cutting through the hype , it seems to be a project that 's trying to take a lot of data and unify and tag it semantically with units and so forth , so computers can reason and compute about it .
People have found — like with most of these knowledge representation attempts — if you stray very far from the examples , it does n't work very well .
But hey , it 's cool that they 're trying .
I 'm all for big and well - funded AI projects .
Given that it does n't work very well , it becomes very useful for jokes .
As the punchline to a mail I was sending to some friends who were debating whether game designers should learn to program , and if so , how should they learn , I decided to ask Wolfram| Alpha .
This was its reply :
To me , this image is the knowledge - search - engine equivalent to the Warren - Spector - game - journalism quote .
It 's just beautiful along every axis .
Miscellaneous
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan 
An airstrike believed to have been carried out by a United States drone killed at least 60 people at a funeral for a Taliban fighter in South Waziristan on Tuesday , residents of the area and local news reports said .
Details of the attack , which occurred in Makeen , remained unclear , but the reported death toll was exceptionally high .
If the reports are indeed accurate and if the attack was carried out by a drone , the strike could be the deadliest since the United States began using the aircraft to fire remotely guided missiles at members of the Taliban and Al Qaeda in the tribal areas of Pakistan .
The United States carried out 22 previous drone strikes this year , as the Obama administration has intensified a policy inherited from the Bush administration .
Before the attack on Tuesday , the Pakistani Army and Air Force had begun operations in South Waziristan against the forces of the Pakistani Taliban leader , Baitullah Mehsud .
The group ’s suicide bombings in major cities have terrorized Pakistanis for years .
In a serious blow to Pakistan ’s effort , on Tuesday an assassin loyal to Mr. Mehsud shot and killed a rival tribal leader , Qari Zainuddin , whom the government had hoped to use as an ally in its campaign to corner the Taliban leader .
A food crisis is developing in the UK as rising prices leave poor families unable to provide decent meals for their children , says Save the Children .
The warning comes as figures in The Grocer magazine show that prices rose by 18 % over the past year .
Colette Marshall , of Save the Children , said : " We are facing a crisis .
Benefits simply have n't been enough , and with rising food costs families cannot afford to give children proper decent food .
We think we are heading towards malnutrition here in the UK . "
She called on the government to meet its target of halving child poverty by 2010 .
The Grocer said a typical basket of 33 items of food cost £ 48 a year ago .
That has risen to £ 57.50 .
What happened to Megan Meier was awful and unforgivable -- a 13 - year - old girl bullied and humiliated towards suicide by Lori Drew , a friend 's mother .
Drew established up a phony MySpace account where she and others would pose as a local teenage boy she invented , manipulating Meier and crushing her spirits , ultimately telling her " Everybody in [ town ] knows how you are .
You are a bad person and everybody hates you .
Have a shitty rest of your life .
The world would be a better place without you . "
Megan wrote back , " You ’re the kind of boy a girl would kill herself over . "
That same afternoon , she hanged herself in her bedroom .
This , however , is not the answer :
111th CONGRESS
1st Session H. R. 1966
To amend title 18 , United States Code , with respect to cyberbullying .
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES April 2 , 2009
Ms. LINDA T. SANCHEZ of California ( for herself , Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. YARMUTH , Ms. ROYBAL - ALLARD , Mrs. CAPPS , Mr. BISHOP of New York , Mr. BRALEY of Iowa , Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. HARE , Mr. HIGGINS , Mr. CLAY , Mr. SARBANES , Mr. DAVIS of Illinois , Mr. COURTNEY , and Mr. KIRK ) introduced the following bill ; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary A BILL
To amend title 18 , United States Code , with respect to cyberbullying .
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , SECTION 1 .
SHORT TITLE .
This Act may be cited as the `Megan Meier Cyberbullying Prevention Act ' .
SEC .
2 . FINDINGS .
Congress finds the following : [ Blah blah blah cyberbullying is bad ] .... SEC .
3 . CYBERBULLYING .
( a ) In General - Chapter 41 of title 18 , United States Code , is amended by adding at the end the following : ` Sec. 881 . Cyberbullying `(a)
Whoever transmits in interstate or foreign commerce any communication , with the intent to coerce , intimidate , harass , or cause substantial emotional distress to a person , using electronic means to support severe , repeated , and hostile behavior , shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than two years , or both .
`( b )
As used in this section -- ` ( 1 ) the term `communication ' means the electronic transmission , between or among points specified by the user , of information of the user 's choosing , without change in the form or content of the information as sent and received ; and ` ( 2 ) the term `electronic means ' means any equipment dependent on electrical power to access an information service , including email , instant messaging , blogs , websites , telephones , and text messages . '.
That 's correct : if you repeatedly make posts on this site that intending to harass or cause substantial emotional distress to another person , and do this in a " severe , repeated , and hostile " way -- gosh , did some of us do this to Joe Lieberman or George Allen ? -- under a plain reading of this statute you could go to jail for up to two years .
Notice , too , that there 's no minimum level of damage in the bill -- it does n't require that the cyberbullying results in death , or severe emotional harm .
All it requires is that the speaker have bad intent .
Other behavior swept into this bill , per Eugene Volokh , includes :
The politician votes the wrong way .
I think that 's an evil , tyrannical vote , so I repeatedly and harshly condemn the politician on my blog , hoping that he 'll get very upset ( and rightly so , since I think he deserves to feel ashamed of himself , and loathed by others ) .
I am transmitting a communication with the the intent to cause substantial emotional distress , using electronic means ( a blog ) " to support severe , repeated , and hostile behavior . "
( I might also be said to be intending to " harass " -- who knows , given how vague the term is ? -- but the result is the same even if we set that aside . )
Result : I am a felon , subject to the usual utter uncertainty about what " severe " means .
A company delivers me shoddy goods , and refuses to refund my money .
I e-mail it several times , threatening to sue if they do n't give me a refund , and I use " hostile " language .
I am transmitting a communication with the intent to coerce , using electronic means " to support severe , repeated , and hostile behavior . "
Result : I am a felon , if my behavior is " severe . " ...
You get the idea .
Look .
There is a lot of horrific behavior that happens online , often anonymously or through the use of pseudonyms .
That does n't require a response of employing federal criminal law and roping in broad swaths of constitutionally protected speech , especially when there are other responses available .
Indeed , the tort of intentional infliction of emotional distress would seem to be well - suited for this sort of case .
No amount of jail time for Lori Drew can compensate the Meiers for their loss , nor can any money through civil suit fully heal that wound , or even come close .
I understand the desire to find some way to capture this wretched behavior within the criminal law , but H.R. 1966 is not the answer .
Leanna Flashes Classroom
Posted by : Leanna
Continuing my college campus flashing fun !
Thanks everyone for the comments and votes .
I still love reading them , so be sure to leave one !
Whether you love Apple or could live without it , the company holds an iconic place in IT history .
Most people think they know that history pretty well .
But here are 10 trivia questions with answers that might surprise you .
After you take the quiz , head over to Yoni Heisler 's iOnApple blog and share your score .
About this blog
I never asked to be a member .
I did ask repeatedly to get off their mailing list .
They have my email address .
And yet , I continue to receive mail .
How many trees must die before their thirst is quenched , I ask you ?
In all seriousness - I understand that databases can get screwy , that humans are fallible , and that I might be the only person in the world who slipped through the communication cracks and got irked by EDF .
But they 've wasted so much paper trying to get me to pay attention to them it 's just ridiculous ...
Current count of physical mailings sent by EDF or other environmental groups after I donated online : at least 12
North Korea lashed out at the United States and South Korea on Wednesday , warning that it would attack the South if any of its ships were intercepted as part of an American - led initiative to stem the world trade in nuclear weapons .
North Korea ’s state - run news service reiterated Pyongyang ’s anger over South Korea ’s decision to join 100 other nations in the so - called Proliferation Security Initiative to blockade any nation suspected of trading nuclear materials .
“ The U.S. - led PSI is now inching close to an extreme phase where a war may break out any moment , ” said the Korean Central News Agency , accusing South Korea of “ blindly yielding to its master as it is steeped in sycophancy and submission to the marrow of its bones . ”
The development came amid reports that North Korea had staged mass rallies to celebrate its second nuclear test , an event Monday that has brought condemnation worldwide .
Advertisement
The North Korean news service , which is often used by leader Kim Jong
Il to express policy statements , added that it considered Seoul ’s move to join the Proliferation Security Initiative a “ declaration of war . ”
“ Any hostile act against our peaceful vessels , including search and seizure , will be considered an unpardonable infringement on our sovereignty and we will immediately respond with a powerful military strike , ” the news service said , citing a spokesman for the North Korean army .
U.S. security studies have identified North Korea as a supplier of missiles and nuclear materials to nations such as Syria and Pakistan in exchange for cash .
In Washington , the White House dismissed the North Korean threats as “ bluster . ”
Advertisement
“ Threats wo n’t get North Korea the attention it craves , ” White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said .
Also Wednesday , experts were looking for signs that Pyongyang may have begun reprocessing spent nuclear fuel rods to harvest weapons - grade plutonium .
A Seoul newspaper reported that U.S. spy satellites detected steam coming from North Korea ’s nuclear facility in Yongbyon .
The Washington - based Institute for Science and International Security said a review of intelligence photos showed that the mysterious white smoke cited was coming from an adjacent coal - fired plant that generates steam for tasks at the reprocessing plant .
“ People are probably out there trying to get some air samples -- from friendly aircraft or ships at sea , ” said Daniel Pinkston , northeastern Asia deputy project director for the think tank International Crisis Group .
“ They ’re looking to see if any elements are released into the air when fuel rods are cut open . ”
North Korea had stopped reprocessing fuel rods in an agreement struck in 2007 .
But in recent months there have been numerous setbacks to the international community ’s attempt to disarm the secretive state .
Advertisement
Last month , North Korea launched a rocket in what many think was a long - range - missile test .
Pyongyang said it was a peaceful satellite launch , though Western intelligence reported no sign that a satellite had been released into orbit .
After the U.S. , South Korea and Japan sought to punish Pyongyang for the launch through new sanctions from the U.N. Security Council , North Korea withdrew from the so - called six - party denuclearization talks , which also involved China and Russia .
Anxiety increased this week with North Korea ’s nuclear test , which was followed by what South Korean officials confirmed was the launch of five short - range missiles .
North Korea also announced Wednesday that it would no longer be bound by the armistice that ended hostilities in the Korean War .
The move caused many analysts to speculate that North and South Korea may be reentering a Cold War - like stalemate .
Advertisement
“ This is not good .
It ’s disturbing and troubling , ” Pinkston said .
“ But I ’ll take a cold war over general full - scale war any day . ”
Other analysts speculated that the chance for some kind of armed conflict between the two sides rose daily .
Chances for provocation from Pyongyang “ are higher than before , ” said Lee Woo - young , a professor at the University of North Korean Studies in Seoul .
“ They will not easily abandon nuclear weapons , ” Lee said .
“ For now , North Korea will await any reaction from the U.S. before taking the next step .
But in the short run , it will be hard to move any negotiations forward . ”
Advertisement
North Korea said Wednesday that it would no longer guarantee the safety of U.S. and South Korean ships off its southwestern coast .
But experts have mostly ruled out a naval conflict .
“ North Korean naval power is weaker than South Korea ’s , ” said Cheong Seong - chang , director of the Inter - Korean Relations Studies Program at the Sejong Institute .
“ So North Korea will act carefully . ”
North Korea ’s government - run news service indicated that thousands of citizens joined senior military and party officials Tuesday at a stadium in Pyongyang to celebrate the nuclear test .
“ The North ’s leadership is looking at a complicated chessboard ; they have to address a number of problems , including being the weakest military in the region , ” Pinkston said .
“ They believe , despite the cost they have to bear , they are going to move forward with their nuclear power to deter external foes and pursue science .
Advertisement
“ You can sense the growing anger in their news service declarations , ” he said .
“ They are very angry at the world .
They think that everybody is picking on them . ”
--
john.glionna@latimes.com
Times staff writer Paul Richter in Washington and Ju-min Park of The Times ’ Seoul Bureau contributed to this report .
The Dallas Cowboys have released controversial wide receiver Terrell Owens , sources told ESPN's Michael Smith late Wednesday .
Cowboys receiver Sam Hurd said Owens sent him a text message late Wednesday , saying he had been cut by the team .
" He did n't give me an explanation .
He just said , ' Wow , ' " Hurd said Thursday .
" I really did n't believe that he seen that coming . "
Hurd said Owens ' reaction was " more shock than anger . "
" He said it 's tough , but it 's a business , " Hurd said .
In late February , Cowboys owner Jerry Jones did not deny the team was discussing the possible release of Owens .
Owens ' future was brought up again in meetings at Valley Ranch on Wednesday , but Jones had not made a final decision by the time most people had left the building , a source told ESPN.com 's Matt Mosley .
Jones and his son Stephen told Owens and his agent , Drew Rosenhaus , in person Wednesday in Florida to inform him of his release , sources told ESPN's Ed Werder .
" There are several decisions on our roster we have to look at , " Jones said in February .
" This is the time of year we do that .
I 'm not trying to be trite , but as you all know we 're evaluating players in college , we 're evaluating free agents and we 're evaluating our own roster .
This is an ongoing thing , not any different than this time last year . "
The team did not immediately have comment .
A spokesman for Owens said he had n't heard the news , and that the receiver was traveling and could not immediately be reached , The Associated Press reported .
The Cowboys paid Owens a $ 12 million signing bonus just last year , which was included as part of a new four - year , $ 34 million deal .
Dallas will take a roughly $ 9 million salary - cap hit with the release of Owens .
There has been talk since the end of the Cowboys ' 9 - 7 season , in which they missed the playoffs , that they would consider cutting Owens to improve locker - room morale .
How to Plant , Grow and Harvest Bush and Pole Beans
Growing beans , green or wax , is very easy and rewarding and some of them can even be grown in containers .
Once you have decided on the kind of bean you wish to grow pick a sunny site with well - drained , fertile soil .
Beans are warm weather crops so you have to have frost - free nights and warm soil ( 65 F ) in order to plant them .
Planting Bush Beans ( Green or Wax )
With a hoe , make a furrow the length of your garden row and about an inch deep .
Place the bean seeds 2 ” apart and cover with 1 ” of soil .
If you plant more than one row , space the rows 2 ’ - 2 ½’ apart to reduce the possibility of disease .
This is also a good time to apply manure , compost or a fertilizer with a ratio of 1:2:1 : ( nitrogen - phosphorous - potassium ) .
If commercial fertilizer is used apply it in a furrow next to the beans .
High nitrogen ( first number ) fertilizers will produce excessive leaf growth so avoid them .
Water well .
When the seedlings emerge thin to 3 ” - 4 ” apart .
Bush beans produce all their beans in a 2 week period so if you wish to have a continuous supply of beans sow new rows every 2 weeks ( or grow pole beans because they have a longer period of production .
Bush beans can be grown in containers .
Provide 8 ″ 12 ″ of soil and a top quality potting soil .
Water and fertilize regularly .
Planting Pole Beans
Pole beans need support so plant them in hills or mounds about 3 ’ apart or in rows 3 ’ apart .
Plant 3 - 4 seed in a mound 1 ” deep around a pole or plant a row of beans 4 ” - 5 ” apart and 1 ” deep .
When seedlings emerge thin so that seedling are 9 ” - 12 ” apart .
Apply fertilizer as for bush beans and water in .
Provide support for your pole beans and help them start their twining process by lifting them on to the support at the proper .
A pole in the middle of a mound works but a teepee made of 8 ’ long 1 ” x1 ” s is very picturesque as well as effective .
If you planted a row of pole beans , a trellis , fence , or net can provide support .
The plants get large and heavy as they grow and bear fruit ( beans ) so make sure that your support is sturdy .
Care of Bush and Pole Beans
Fertilize you beans monthly using a high phosphorous ( middle number ) .
Water weekly at the base of the bean plants during periods of dryness .
Avoid wetting to foliage to reduce the possibility of disease .
Beans have shallow roots , so be careful not to disturb the roots when you cultivate and remove weeds .
The Mexican bean beetle can ravage your beans .
Manually pick of the beetles and check for eggs on the underside of leaves .
Remove any infected leaves .
Many of the diseases that attack beans can be avoided by proper cultivation practices ; keep the foliage dry and rotate the placement of beans in your garden every year .
Harvesting Bush or Pole Beans
Harvest the beans when the pods are crisp , firm and fully elongated but before the beans inside have enlarged .
Pick when the foliage is dry ( to reduce the possibility of disease ) and handle the beans and plants carefully to avoid breaking the branches when you nip the bean off the plant .
Harvest pole beans regularly to encourage further bean production .
Beans are delicious as a vegetable side dish but can cooled after cooking and used in summer salads .
Hot bean pickles are a real treat !
We all know that children who are popular do well socially .
A new study has found that teenagers who feel good about themselves and are comfortable with their peers can also be socially successful without being popular in the traditional sense .
These findings come from researchers at the University of Virginia .
Researchers studied 164 adolescents from racially , ethnically , and socio- economically diverse backgrounds .
The teens were interviewed at age 13 and then again at 14 .
The researchers also interviewed the adolescents ' same - sex close friends .
Teenagers who felt good about their own social standing did well over time , the study found , regardless of how popular they were ( popularity was gauged based on assessments by peers at school ) .
These teenagers were increasingly less hostile and more frequently sought out by their peers .
Teenagers who were considered popular by their peers also did well , regardless of their own perceptions of their social standing .
Adolescents who lacked both a strong sense of their own social acceptance and who were rated by their peers as unpopular fared the worst , according to the study .
They were increasingly more hostile , less sought out , and more withdrawn over time .
These findings , say the researchers , highlight the importance of considering social acceptance in adolescence from a multifaceted view .
In adolescence , as groupings of individuals change , often growing larger than they were in elementary school , the meaning of popularity as defined by classmates can diverge from teens ' own sense of their social acceptance .
A complete understanding of how teens function at this developmental stage should take into consideration both teens ' own sense of their social standing and ratings from their peers .
" During adolescence , teens ' perceptions of their own social success may be a crucial predictor of long - term social functioning , such that even teens who are not broadly popular may demonstrate positive adjustment over time if they maintain a positive internal sense of their social acceptance , " according to Kathleen Boykin McElhaney , research associate in psychology at the University of Virginia and the lead author of the study .
" Perceiving oneself to be liked may actually be at least as critical in determining future social outcomes for teens as is actually being liked by other teens , " says McElhaney , who called adolescents ' feelings of confidence in their own social standing a " protective factor . "
" A kiss is just a kiss , " to quote a song .
But this moment , captured by D. Rogers at the Brookfield Zoo is one of a kind .
This baby Bornean orangutan was born late in 2008 and was one of only two born in the United States that year .
More pictures below the fold .
In this article , we will use restful_authentication to add a user system to a simple Rails application .
This is great for those first starting out and need step - by - step directions for using this amazing plugin .
At the end of the article , visitors will be able to create an account , reset their password , login , logout , and validate email addresses .
The Basics
This portion of the tutorial is very basic .
All we will do is generate a simple application that allows users to create / read / update / destroy a record containing a movie name and rating .
I recommend advanced Rails developers skip to the third section which is where the restful_authentication code begins .
Note : I did all of this on in OSX on a Mac , but it is not platform specific although you might need to prepend ./ to some of the commands so that Windows knows you are looking in the current directory .
If you have any troubles I can help in the comments , or on twitter ( @noahhendrix )
Generate the Application
First we need to have rails generate the framework code .
This is done by executing " rails MyMovies " in the terminal .
" MyMovies " is what I chose to name this application and you are free to use that or anything else .
This command creates a lot of files and folders most of which are of no concern to us , but are required for the application to work properly .
After this executes will want to change into the newly created MyMovies directory .
Generate the Movie Model
Now we are going to the power of Rails generators to quickly produce the code and database for our basic application .
In the terminal run the command :
Here we are telling rails that we want code generated to handle a " Movie " model , which as a string title and integer rating .
Notice this will generate some more files , one of which is the database migration .
This is where the magic of rails really shows itself , but first we must migrate the database .
This command will setup the database and create the table with the appropriate columns .
Note : Rails is smart enough to include ID , created_at , and updated_at columns for us .
It will also manage these columns so we as developers never need to write code that sets these columns .
Now lets look at the fruits of our labor , thats right we have written zero lines of code , but we already have a working application .
Start up the server and navigate to http://localhost:3000/movies .
In your terminal type :
Enhancements
You can try to create a movie and rating and see how easily everything works .
The rails team really did a great job of allowing developers to quickly push code out with little effort , however that code is only a starting point .
It is up to us the developers to make it our own and add the additional features and customizations for users .
A good place to start is decide if there are any restrictions we will place on our model .
For this example I decided we would require that the user only be able to rate the movie between 1 and 5 stars .
Though there are others like making sure they enter a movie title and that the rating is a number .
This is how handled in the movie model file .
The syntax used in Rails is often verbose , but quite descriptive also .
However a positive side effect is we never have to guess what the code we write means .
We are telling rails before it saves to the database to verify that both title and rating are set , and as a further restriction rating must be a number between 1 and 5 .
Notice in the images below we get built in error reporting by default in rails .
User Interface Awareness
Even as developers we are not exempt from considering the interface of applications we develop .
Users need to immediately understand the purpose of any information displayed to them .
In our application we have them set the rating , but we never say it needs to be an integer between 1 and 5 .
At first a user might enter a string such as " good " .
We could put a label beside the text box that lists our requirements , but we can go a step further and explicitly let them choose between the options we want in a radio button format .
Part of the Model View Controller ( MVC ) methodology of rails tells us that this is a view alteration and it is located within the views directory .
First we must remove the line that creates the text box and its label , around line 11 in my code .
Look for :
Alright now the new code below must be added to both the new and edit files because both contain forms where the model is modified .
Alright now lets look at this code closely .
First we give the the rating label to tell the user what the radio buttons are for , then we move in the actual buttons .
The first parameter for the radio_button method is the model attribute we are working with and the second is the value to send the server on submit .
After each button we have a label to tell the user what rating the button corresponds to , the reason we pass in : rating _# is because when rails generates the radio button it gives it an id of attribute_value , so our labels hook into those values .
Here is the what the new form looks like with the radio buttons , notice that when you edit a movie Rails automatically selects the radio button that corresponds to the previous rating from the database .
This concludes the first part .
In the previous section we got our movie rating application off the ground using the power of Rails generators and some basic view code .
In the next section we will make our application a little more visually appealing by adding some graphics and CSS code to spruce up the views .
Styling
Layouts
First we will look at layouts .
Not getting into too much detail layouts hold the elements on a page that do not change across the application .
For instance header , footer , and navigation typically ( and rightfully so ) stay consistent across a website .
Even though our application is fairly trivial , a layout is important for consistency .
Our goal is to include a logo , background image , and centered container for content on each page .
First we need to create our application wide layout page .
Rails is kind enough to create a model wide layout file , but this will not apply to the user pages when we get to that part so we need to change it to a global layout .
This is easily done by renaming app / views / layouts/movies.html.erb to app/views/layouts/application.html.erb .
Now we need to open the file and make a few changes .
First lets wrap all of our content in a div called pagewrap .
This is nice , because it gives us a bit more control in CSS than we normally get with just body .
This can be done by simply including the opening just below the body , and closing it right above the body closing .
While we are in this file lets go ahead and include a CSS file we will create next .
Find the line ( 9 in my file ) that says stylesheet_link_tag ' scaffold ' and append a comma and ' style ' to it so it looks like this :
This is a helper method provided by rails that creates the < link > tag for us , and links to the style.css file in our stylesheets directory .
In public / stylesheets create a file called style.css .
Because this is not really a CSS tutorial I will only graze over the declarations .
I am applying a background image to the body tag , so that is will cover the entire page .
The pagewrap element we created earlier is given rounded corners ( only in Safari and Firefox sorry IE ) , centered using margin , some padding to push content in , 900 px width , and a non-repeating background image that is our logo .
The content is pushed down 72 px to accommodate the logo , kind of a hack but just an easy way to throw the logo on the page .
Unfortunately I can't distribute the background image or logo because they were created using pieces from a template I bought on ThemeForest.
net .
But there does n't that look so much better now ?
Adding Stars
The index page is pretty lame as - is because it simply list the title of the movie and an integer for the rating .
Let 's add some CSS magic to make that a little more pretty .
First lets update app / views / movies /index.html.erb , by changing the table cell that holds the rating , on line 12 .
We will wrap the rating in a div with a special class containing the number of stars to show .
We also make use of the pluralize helper method in Rails which will output a number passed to it and append a word after the number making it plural if necessary .
Alright now lets create the CSS code necessary .
Note : I did not include the image in the HTML markup so that if a user has CSS disabled they wo n't see any stars just something like " 3 Stars . "
We apply a non-repeating background image of 5 stars to all the rating divs , and then change the width ( in 20 % increments ) to allow hiding of stars .
We also push the " # Stars " text off the page with a negative text - indent , since the stars are plain enough language to not require actual words too .
Optional : Removing The Show Page
One last thing I did was remove links to the show page .
It seemed a bit redundant to include it since the index page showed all the relevant information .
You can do the same by opening app / views / movies / index.html.erb and removing line 13 , the link_to the show page .
You also need to open app / controllers / movies_controller.rb and update lines 48 and 65 call to redirect_to , make the parameter movies_url instead .
The restful_authentication Plugin
Now that we have made it through the basics , lets add users !
The purpose of the first half of this tutorial was to simulate the legacy application you have already created .
So from this point on you can easily apply what we learn to any application you create .
The great thing about the restful_authentication plugin is that it abstracts the authentication logic away from the other models and makes it fairly quick and painless to implement .
Install restful_authentication
First things first we need to install the restful_authentication plugin , stop the server by pressing CTRL+C , if you have it running .
The GitHub page for restful_authentication has instructions on installing , but here is the reader 's digest version :
Passing in the second restful_authentication tells rails we want to rename the plugin folder to that instead of restful - authenticatoin .
The reasoning is explained under the header of Installation for those who are interested .
Alright now this commands basically goes out to the server and fetches all the restful_authentication files and copies them to your server .
It also creates a generator script that we can run to create the necessary controllers , models , and views in our application folder .
Using the authenticated generator we say we want to call the model that handles user information user , and the model that handles the sessions called sessions , easy enough right ?
But why do we separate these ?
If you really think about about it registering a user and retrieving their information is similar to authenticating them , but really it is very different too .
One is storing long term login information on the user and the other is more temporary and is erased once they logout .
So it really makes a lot of sense to split them up in our design .
We also pass in the include - activation flag so that it generates the necessary mailers for activating user accounts through email .
Alright that now we have the files in the application folder , but we are not quite done in the terminal .
The generator above also created some migrations for us that creates users and sessions tables in our database , but now we need to associate users with their movie records .
Let 's use the migrations generator to add a user_id column to the movies table .
Rails 2.0 brought some really nifty automation for the migrations generator .
Because of the name schema add_user_it_to_movie rails will assume what we mean and create a schema that does just that .
So all we are left to do is run
and our database is up to date .
If you want to see the migrations file it created to get a feel of what we did you can check out app / db / migrate and look for the add_user_id_to_movie.rb file .
Ok , we are all done in the terminal for now !
Associating Users and Movies
In order for a user to " own " a movie record we must tell rails that they do .
This is down through associations declared in the models .
First lets update the user model created by our generator , app/ models /user.rb .
I usually add the following code right above the first method declaration , activate in this case .
This is pretty straight - forward , we are telling rails that user has many movie records associated with their account .
Now lets inform the movie model of the associate in app / models / movie.rb .
Add this code right below our validation methods from earlier .
Similar to above we just are saying that each individual movie record belongs to a user .
Now the beauty of these associations is Rails now assumes our database has a user_id column in the movies table , which we of course already do .
That is all the work we have to do no foreign keys , no custom code it is just given to us out of the box more or less .
Routes
This is more of a user experience modification , but something all applications should include .
Currently if a user wanted to sign up the url is example .
com / users / new or if they wanted to login it is example .com / sessions / new , a bit verbose in my opinion .
So we will add some custom routes in config / routes.rb , mine went in around line 8 .
As you can see here we are declaring active , signup , login , and logout for their obvious counterparts .
This will make our URLs more sensible and easy to remember .
Notice that activate requires a string passed in which will be the activation code we send out in emails to users to validate email addresses .
Validating Email Addresses
It is common practice with many websites to require users to validate email addresses by clicking a link in an email sent to the address they provide .
In other languages and frameworks this is somewhat difficult , but the restful_authentication plugin and rails mailers makes this advanced functionality very easy .
However before we can send out emails we need to tell rails how to authenticate with our SMTP server .
Now this varies from host to host , and you will need to contact your host to determine how to fill in these settings .
Note :
You will need to create the file config / initializers / mail.rb first .
While we are setting up defaults we should define the URL of our website we will use in all our emails .
You might wonder why we would do this , and reason is to future - proof our application .
For instance , while we are developing locally the domain is localhost :3000 / , and presumably our production domain is different .
If at some point in the future the production URL changes we can update it in one place and not worry about other missing other changes .
But where do we site these defaults ?
Rails created some configuration files that are loaded depending on the environment we are in : development , testing , or production .
Starting with development we must modify config / environments / development.rb , at line 19 .
And likewise in config / environments / production.rb at line 30 .
Now we need to update the user_mailer model file , app / models / user_mailer.rb , to use our newly create SITE_URL variable .
These changes need to be made on lines 6 , 13 , and 20 remove YOURSITE and replace it with #{SITE_URL} .
On line 19 you need to update the email address to your own .
Here is what the email asking them to activate their account looks like .
They also receive an email once the account is activated
Updating our Controllers
The movies controller that rails created for us was helpful before we added a user system , but now we want to only allow users to cretate , read , update , and destroy their own movies and prevent them from seeing other users ' movies .
This is done by modifying the movies controller and having it add a user_id column restriction on all queries to the movies table .
We are going to update a bunch of lines and because they are so pretty much the same we wo n't go over them individually .
Essentially we are telling the controller to restrict all finds to the current_user variable ( i.e. add " WHERE user_id = # # " to the database queries ) .
The current_user variable is something restful_authentication gives us to use in our controller for this specific reason .
I 've included the approximate line numbers , but if they are different for you then know that we are only modifying the methods : index , show , edit , create , update , and destroy .
Note : the variable Movie is changed to movies because we are accessing it through the user which comes from when we said a user has many movies .
While we have this file open at the top ( line 2 ) we need to add a before filter .
This tells rails that before it runs any of the methods below it needs to first run a method we provide .
The method : login_required is provided by the plugin and basically will check if the user is logged in , and if not will redirect them to the login page .
Alright not too bad , right ?
We have a few last things to clean up before the plugin is fully functioning .
In app / controllers/sessions_controller.rb and app/controllers/users_controller.rb there is an include statement that need to be removed , and added to app / controllers/application_controller.rb .
This line includes the necessary back end files that the plugin uses to manage the users and sessions .
I put mine at line 5 .
If you curious where it is pulling this file from , you can find it in lib/authenticated_system.rb .
Adding Password Reset
Updating The Users Controller
We need to add two methods to the users controller , app / controllers / users_controllers.rb , that will take care of the form for users to reset their password .
However , before we dive into code lets take a second to discuss our plan .
We want to allow a user to click a link that says they forgot their password .
They will then be taken to a page asking what email address they used when creating their account , once they submit that we will fire off an email with a link containing a special hash that will they can click .
Once they open the link in their email they will have a form to choose a password , and confirm it .
Alright lets look at each function individually starting with forgot .
Here is the action referring to the form where they enter their email address .
First we check to see if they have submitted the form via a post request , if not we do nothing because we are waiting for the form to be submitted .
Once we have post data we find the users information using the provided email address to make sure they exist .
We are using a respond_to format block so that we can respond to both xml and html requests .
In this tutorial we wo n't use the XML format , but it is good to provide it for web services .
Now you will see we have a simple if statement saying if user is not nil ( implied ) we want to run the method create_reset_code and notify the user via a flash method that they need to check their email for a reset link .
If the user does n't exist we let them know that as well .
Alright now lets look at the reset action , the one they see after they click the link in their email .
First we find the users information through the reset code , to make sure that they exist in the database .
If there is user data found we log them , and present the form to reset their password .
Next we check to see if they are just loading the form or if they have already submitted it .
If there is post data we update the password to the one they supplied .
We set the current_user to that user , and remove the reset code so no one else can use the link to change their password .
We give them a flash notice that confirms the reset .
If we can't update the password we send them back to the password page with errors .
Updating the User Model
Some of this is pretty confusing because we have n't fully implemented some methods we used such as : create_reset_code , recently_reset ? , and delete_reset_code .
We will put these in the user model , app / models / user.rb , right above the word protected towards the bottom .
In the create_reset_code function we are setting an instance variable @reset to true so that our application can keep remember that they are have recently reset their password .
Then we are setting a reset_code in the database ( which we have yet added a column for ) to a hash of the current time to make it unique .
Then we save that reset_code to the database , the false parameter tells rails to ignore validations which we can do because we set the code ourselves not users .
The recently_reset ?
method is just so we can check if the @reset variable is true or false .
And finally the delete_reset_code does exactly what it 's name infers , remove the reset code from the database .
Creating the Forgot and Reset Views
We 've talked about the forms the user needs to fill out in order to reset their password , lets go a head and create those .
First in the directory app / views / users / called forgot.html.erb .
This is a pretty generic form , where we ask the user for their email .
Now we need to create the form to reset the password in the same directory as above create a file called reset.html.erb .
Emailing the User A Reset Link
Alright now that we have the forms setup lets modify the user mailer class to send the reset links out .
Since we are working with views lets start there .
If a traditional view translates roughly to a webpage then a mailer view would translate to an email .
Basically this is the basic layout of the email we want to send the user , leaving spots for variables our controller will provide .
The file we are going to create is app / views/ user_mailer/reset_notification.html.erb , and the insert this code :
This is all pretty generic mark up , notice that we have a space for the url and the users login name .
We also tell them that if they do nothing the password will not be changed .
Now lets go into app / models / user_mail.rb and create the reset_notification method , this is where our view gets the user login and reset url variables .
Insert this code somewhere after the activation method , but above protected .
Here we are doing a few things .
First we call the setup_email method that is declared under protected ( protected means only this class can call that method ) , which is some generic email setup things .
We append a string to the subject to help the user identify the purpose of the email from the subject .
Next we set that URL we talked about earlier notice we are using the #{SITE_URL} variable we set earlier .
The reset_code variable comes from the user model that we set earlier using the create_reset_code method , remember that ?
One more model that we need to update , app/ models/user_observer.rb .
Basically this is where we say to send that email if the @reset variable is true .
These methods are executed whenever the user is interacted with , in this case after we save it to the database we want to check if they need to get a reset email .
After the line that sends the activation email add this code .
Alright lets update one more file before we move into the terminal to add the reset_code column .
Remember that URL the user is emailed ?
Well we need to set that up in the routes file , config / routes.rb .
On the line below where we setup the logout route add these two lines :
This is just like the above routes , we are mapping friendly URLs to the proper controllers and actions .
Alright , lets move into the terminal .
So now we are going to use the same migration generator we used for adding user_id to the movies table .
So this code will look really familiar .
Do n't forget to run
to update the database .
Cleaning Up Loose Ends
Setting the Default Root Page
First we need to delete the file public / index.html .
This is the page and will override the default controller we will set .
Next open config / routes.rb , and uncomment line 46 ( the one starting map.root ) .
Change welcome to movie , this tells rails to render the movie controller as our default if someone navigates to localhost :3000 / or the root of our production domain .
Adding Sign Up , Reset , and Logout links
Alright now we get to move to the views .
in app/ views / sessions/new.html.erb
we should remove lines 8 and 11 to allow our users to remember their session so they do not have to re-login each time they visit .
On line 11 there is a paragraph tag we need to add sign up and forget passwords links within that element .
Users are now able to easily sign up , login , or reset their password but we need to include a logout link once they are logged in so they can end their session .
We will do this in the application layout file , app / views / layouts / application .html.erb , so that it appears on all pages .
I added mine right above the flash messages , but below the pagewrap div .
Notice that we say to include the link unless logged_in ?
is false , logged_in ?
is a helper the plugin provides that returns true if the user is logged in and false if they are not , and of course we only want to the link if they are actually logged in .
While we are here lets add another flash message type , alert .
This is to display errors to the user passed in from the controllers .
Below the existing one add this line .
Preventing Auto - Login on Sign Up
You might have noticed that when you sign up the application logs you in without first requiring the email verfication , although it prevents any subsequent logins .
This is something included in the default user controller where if the user passes validation they are logged in by setting current_user to the user model just created .
In our application this is a bug because we want the user to first authenticate their email address .
We can fix this behavior in app / controllers/users_controller.rb around line 16 we need to remove , or comment out , where it sets current_user = @user .
Also as a helpful hint to users we should modify line 17 where it tells the user they successfully signed up to something that instructs them to check their email .
Alright that is all we need to do for our basic user authentication .
I hope this has helped as a step - by - step walkthrough of how to install and use restful_authentication in your rails application .
I know that this is very simplistic so post any desired customizations in the comments , or contact me on twitter ( @noahhendrix ) and I will try to address them .
Thanks for reading !
Follow us on Twitter , or subscribe to the NETTUTS RSS Feed for more daily web development tuts and articles .
以前からMITのOCWを中心にアメリカの大学の授業のビデオや資料などが公開されているのは知っていたが、今日知ったスタンフォード大学の授業公開っぷりがものすごい。
http://see.stanford.edu/SEE/lecturelist.aspx?coll=63480b48-8819-4efd-8412-263f1a472f5a
授業のビデオだけではなく、なんと授業のtranscript、つまり授業中に先生がしゃべったことがテキストに書き起こされているのだ。
MIT などでも授業のビデオは公開されていたが、当然授業の内容を理解するには授業資料がある場合にせよ、何をしゃべっているかを自分で聞き取るほか無く、リスニング力が低い僕には結構ネックだった。
それが今回しゃべる内容がテキストになっているということで聞き取れなくてもテキストを見ればよいし、リスニングの勉強にもなる。
しかも公開されているのが僕の研究分野でもある自然言語処理(NLP)の授業ということで、とても感動した。
さらにこの授業の講師 がChristopher Manning先生 。Manning先生と言えば日本のNLP関係の研究室での輪講でも広く使われている、通称FSNLP(サイコロ本)の著者でもあり、以前NLP研究者のランキングを行ったときにも登場回数順で1位でもあったし、NLP界の大御所中の大御所である(と思う ) 。
もう輪講のかわりにこの授業ビデオでもいい気がしてきた...
ちなみに機械学 習( Machine Learning ) の授業も同様に公開されている。
http://see.stanford.edu/see/lecturelist.aspx?coll=348ca38a-3a6d-4052-937d-cb017338d7b1
スタンフォード恐るべし。
Unscientific observation : most bloggers use Twitter , but many Twitter users do not blog .
Twitter is popular because it is easy .
It is easy to setup , easy to copy - paste links into , and easy to write 140 character bits .
But , having your own blog remains the strongest platform if you ’re serious about sharing ideas and having a continued dialog with the world .
Blogging is the antithesis of easy , however it is far more rewarding .
Smart digital marketing professionals understand this .
I ’m not saying Twitter is n’t a useful and interesting service , because it certainly is .
But it does not negate the real opportunity that is actually made more useful by the popularity of microblogging : having your own blog .
Are you just using Twitter but not blogging ?
You ’re missing out .
Here ’s why you should make a blog your home base and consider Twitter an outpost :
1. Blogging demonstrates true commitment and passion to your industry that you really can’t fake long - term .
Most wo n’t be able to sustain it over long periods of time with frequency , but those who do so are rewarded in spades and stand out from the crowd .
2 . Old articles are valuable and still read years later , given infinite life by the engines .
Old Tweets live in archive purgatory where a majority will never be seen again .
3 . Remember , you ’re essentially contributing to someone else ’s network on Twitter – certainly there are returns , but make no mistake they profit from your attention .
I know you might not have a problem with that because you gain something too , but it ’s good to be conscious of that fact .
4 . A compelling link in a blog entry will be clicked ; links in Twitter are noise that in aggregate make up signal , but the reality is links in your stream are n’t the same as a post with a compelling link .
5 . Secret everyone knows : most of Twitter is just linking to blogs and content on the open web .
Being the end product people are actually interested in and focus their attention on is where your ideas will be studied carefully , not in the cacophony of Twitter .
6 . You own your work in a self - hosted blog and are in total control over how it is presented .
7 . Twitter is in a sense social sticky notes , or the SMS of the Internet ( however you want to consider it ) .
It ’s snack - sized content .
Are you or your business interesting enough to provide the full course ?
It ’s telling who engages deeper vs. those who simply choose to engage 140 characters at a time .
8. Cumulative results over time from blogging , each post incrementally adds value to your site as a whole .
Not necessarily true on Twitter .
9 . Full analytics with a blog .
10 .
Multiple touch points to readership and interaction ( email , RSS , on - site , etc. ) .
11 . Plugins let you add pretty much anything you want , can even integrate microblogging within your blog itself .
12 . Flexibility with layout .
13 . 140 characters is often more than necessary – but also it is often less than necessary .
14 . Everyone on Twitter is looking for the next big thing or most interesting piece of content to link to .
Would n’t you rather be the big thing than merely another person pointing at it ?
15 .
These are all just tools to share content and ideas , no more , no less .
You need a cohesive strategy for all of them to drive conversions in one spot .
A blog is the perfect place for that if you want focused attention and to build an interested community .
What if any one network you do n’t control falls out of favor or changes the rules ?
At the end of the day , self - hosted blog owners control the vertical and the horizontal , whereas on Twitter or any external network you ’re at the whim of someone else .
16 . I do n’t even know why some people consider for a second that Twitter and FriendFeed will kill blogging , these ideas are pure linkbait and show a lack of understanding of the motivation of people on the open web .
17 . Careful of how much time you devote to Twitter instead of contributing to your own channel .
Spend the most time nurturing that – time spent in Twitter comes at the opportunity cost of fresh content to your blog .
You can use Twitter and other micro networks to draw subscribers and interest , but the premier value is in working on your own material in a unique space .
18 . RSS is alive and well – Steve Gillmor and the TC gang know how to write a great piece of linkbait , but that ’s pretty much all it is .
Remember , they are in the business of generating buzz , links and pageviews through opinion pieces that ruffle the feathers of tech bloggers , and they ’re good at it .
It ’s entertainment value but I would n’t put too much stake in anything one person or site says , always look at the situation and landscape objectively .
19 .
You are in control of when your blog goes into maintenance mode – not so with Twitter or really any free service .
Do n’t get me wrong , I do like Twitter .
I ’ve even taken the time to draft insights from using it as I think it ’s a great service , however the biggest opportunity is still to develop a successful self - hosted blog .
This advice is n’t new – but I just got the feeling this week that it needs to be restated .
I know it ’s not as “ sexy ” anymore but it is still far more valuable and should not be discounted merely because the early adopters have shiny new object syndrome .
Further reading to help push your blogging to the next level :
How To Successfully Integrate Blogging Into Your Busy Life
A Path To Rapid Growth : Find Your Formula
Make Your Site Known For Signal , Kill The Noise
Post image provided by Shutterstock , royalty - free subscription stock photography and vector art .
Khouloud el - Faqeeh has shattered the glass ceiling of Islamic jurisprudence .
After years of pushing to break into the all - male ranks of sharia judges in the Palestinian territories , she finally secured a post after scoring among the best – along with another woman – in a recent test for new jurists .
They are widely considered to be the first female sharia judges in the Middle East .
Now , Ms. Faqeeh is setting a new tone in her Ramallah courtroom , where defendants are often shocked to see a woman on the bench .
With a style that 's part Judge Judy , part Sunday School teacher , she 's on a mission to change her society , case by case .
But sometimes , even the most progressive intentions wo n't overcome powerful social forces , such as those driving Miryam Abed - Nabi , a newlywed who came to court recently to finalize a divorce .
Her husband – Fahmi Awadullah , a man twice her age – took her as a second wife just a few months ago .
But the marriage infuriated his adult sons , who worried about their portion of his inheritance .
Because his new bride was rejected by the family , Mr. Awadullah is divorcing her , and must , according to their contract , pay her a lump - sum alimony of 6,500 Jordanian dinars ( $ 11,050 ) .
He has paid her only half of that , but wants her to sign on the dotted line today , absolving him of any further obligations .
Ms. Abed - Nabi , who in her mid-30s is well past the age when most Palestinian women can expect to marry , walks into the courtroom with her eyes trained on the floor .
" There are institutions which will assign a free lawyer to you , " Faqeeh says .
Abed - Nabi nods .
" Fight for your rights , " the judge adds , sounding more like an advocate than a neutral arbiter .
Abed - Nabi shrugs .
Her elderly father , here to give his permission for the divorce , explains : " We just want to finish with this . "
In their last court appearance , Awadullah came in with two of his sons , who tried to intimidate the judge as well as Abed - Nabi and her family .
Faqeeh wants to deny Awadullah 's right to divorce until he pays the full amount owed Abed - Nabi as part of their contract , so that he and his sons would be " taught a lesson . "
But , reluctantly , she formalizes the divorce .
" If she has her father with her and they say they want to finish with this , I have to comply , " says a disappointed Faqeeh .
Abed - Nabi leaves in tears .
But the judge does n't let Awadullah go without a sermon .
" I advise you to remember that you have to worship
God by being kind to other people , " she tells him .
" Why did n't you give her full rights ?
Would you like people to treat your daughters the way you treated [ her ] ?...
You have breached Islam with this woman ....
You can go and pray to God , but I wonder how your worship will be received in light of this . "
Appealing to his conscience from a religious standpoint is part of her mandate , she feels .
While many associate sharia with extremist regimes , it is a complex system of jurisprudence used throughout the Muslim world – though with deeply varying interpretations .
Even in the officially secular Palestinian Authority ( PA ) , most issues of a Muslim 's personal status – from marriage to inheritance – are decided before a qadi , or judge .
Which is why Faqeeh wanted nothing more than to be a qadiya .
She pressed the chief sharia judge .
" In Islam , it says a sharia judge has to be a Muslim , rational adult " – not necessarily a man , she explains between cases .
" Whenever I would discuss this with the chief judge , he would say , ' This is tradition . ' "
" I did n't buy it , " says Faqeeh .
" I 'm a legal person , and , to me , legal issues are stronger than tradition . "
Top in her class at Jerusalem 's Al - Quds University , Faqeeh started her own practice and quickly drew the attention of judges .
They offered the outspoken advocate a position at the prosecutor 's office .
She turned it down .
The chief sharia judge , Sheikh Tayseer Tamimi , politely suggested she work for the civil courts .
She refused .
" To me , the challenge was to be a sharia judge , " she says .
" I wanted to ... break the deadlock . "
Mr. Tamimi now says he 's " proud " of her appointment .
But not everyone approves .
Sheikh Hamed Bitawi , an elected Hamas representative who serves as head of the Association of Islamic Scholars and Scientists , says there are two schools of thought on the issue : that every position but that of a caliph is open to women , and that women are too emotional to make legal decisions – as judges or as witnesses .
" I am of the second view because I consider women to be gentle human beings who should not be subjected to difficult situations or difficult decisions , " Mr. Bitawi says .
" They cry easily , and hence their judgment is tainted with emotions .
Moreover , lawyers are difficult to deal with and people who come to courts are angry and violent . "
In October , Tamimi advertised a qualifying test for sharia judge candidates .
Of 45 Palestinians who took the test , nine passed – two of them women .
Faqeeh was one of the highest scorers .
On the bench only since March , she still gets shocked or amused reactions from Palestinians , who are used to seeing a man in her seat .
Women are at first pleasantly surprised , but some leave disappointed that she did n't bend the rules for them .
But in fact , she wo n't bend the rules for anyone .
Some defendants on a recent day did n't take the need for two male witnesses seriously , trying to pull strangers from the hallway .
" If you bring two witnesses who do n't even know the name of your daughters , how can I rule on something like that ? "
Faqeeh bellows at one man , who works at the headquarters of PA President Mahmoud Abbas .
Often , she says , government employees expect special treatment , which she refuses to give – just as she refused to accept discrimination from the government , a stand Tamimi echoes .
" The PA institutions do not discriminate in job opportunities , and the stereotype that Islamic institutions are against the rise of women professionally is wrong , " says the chief justice .
" The presence of a woman sharia judge will enrich the institution of the courts , especially when it involves a woman whose academic as well as personal qualities make her perfect for the job .... I have full faith in her capabilities . "
The world 's most famous physicist is taking a new direction – along with his daughter Lucy Hawking , he has branched out into writing children 's books to package the universe for the younger generation
Physicist Stephen Hawking , and his daughter Lucy , are writing children ’s books about cosmology and physics Julian Anderson / eyevine
Everyone ’s got a copy of A Brief History of Time , but few have finished it .
If we engage children in science young enough , will this change ?
Stephen Hawking :
The book aroused a great deal of interest , although many people found it difficult to understand .
But I believe everyone can , and should , have a broad picture of how the universe operates , and our place in it .
This is what I have tried to convey in all my popular books .
A brief history of Stephen Hawking : A legacy of paradox
He was an icon for many reasons , but as we remember Stephen Hawking , his remarkable contribution to science is undoubtedly his greatest legacy
It is extremely important to me to write for children .
Children ask how things do what they do , and why .
Too often they are told that these are stupid questions to ask , but this is said by grown - ups who do n’t know the answers and do n’t want to look silly by admitting they do n’t know .
It is important that young people keep their sense of wonder and keep asking why .
I ’m a child myself , in the sense that I ’m still looking .
Children are fascinated by black holes and ask me questions .
I find they soon get the idea if it is explained in simple language .
And yes , it is nice to think a few of them might grow up and read A Brief History from cover to cover .
Advertisement
But are our brains sufficiently advanced to truly understand the universe ?
SH : Yes , the remarkable thing is that we can understand the universe .
In fact , we already know the laws that determine what happens in all normal situations .
We have to go to extraordinary lengths , like build a giant particle smasher , such as the Large Hadron Collider at CERN , to create conditions in which we cannot predict the outcome .
We need to know what happens in such extreme situations in order to understand the origin of the universe .
We may well achieve this goal in the next 20 years .
Tell me about your latest book , George ’s Cosmic Treasure Hunt
Lucy Hawking :
It ’s a physics adventure story in which our little hero , George , takes off on a journey across the solar system and beyond .
He follows a trail of clues on a cosmic treasure hunt using his neighbour ’s supercomputer , Cosmos , which opens doorways to the universe .
Ultimately , the book addresses the question “ Is anybody out there ? ” , which Dad identified as one of three major questions he wanted to deal with in our books for children .
The others are “ What happens inside a black hole ? ” , the topic of our previous children ’s book , and “ What happened at the Big Bang ? ” , which is what our next book will be about .
The book contains a funny description of a “ come as your favourite space object ” party .
Did you make this up ?
LH : It ’s not a purely fictional device !
I got the idea from a New Year ’s Eve party that Dad had a couple of years ago with the same theme .
I have a lovely photograph of him as an alien , in a green felt suit .
He had a special voice programmed into his speech machine and went around the party saying “ Take me to your leader ” .
And , just as we described in the book , there was a scientist at that party who was dressed in red and who stood next to people and then moved away before asking them to guess what he was .
He had come as red shift – the effect whereby electromagnetic radiation from distant objects is shifted towards the red end of the spectrum as a result of their movement away from Earth .
Did things like black holes get discussed at the family dinner table ?
LH : Yes , very much .
I grew up in Cambridge and there were always physicists coming to our house for dinner and discussing their work .
Even at Dad ’s birthday party this year , there was a scientist trying to construct a black hole from a balloon and a pair of tights .
What kind of books did your father read to you when you were small ?
LH : The other day , Dad suddenly quoted from the Bible and we were all taken aback because it was so unexpected .
We were discussing the slogan on a tin of golden syrup , asking why it said “ out of the strong came forth sweetness ” .
Dad said it came from the Bible , and gave us the correct chapter and verse .
He said that his father used to read him stories from the Bible when he was young .
I said “ I ’m glad you read us Paddington Bear instead . ”
One thought I had on religion as I read George ’s Cosmic Treasure Hunt is that the big questions of physics seem to be supplanting the big religious questions .
SH : Science is increasingly answering questions that used to be the province of religion .
The one remaining area that religion can still lay a claim to is the origin of the universe , but even here science is making progress , and should soon provide a definitive answer to how the universe began .
“ Science should soon provide a definitive answer to how the universe began ”
Whose idea was it to branch out into children ’s books about physics ?
LH : Mine .
I ’d noticed that children were coming up to Dad and saying , “ So what would happen if I fell into a black hole ? ” .
He gave them good , clear , funny answers , and I also noticed that all the adults gathered round to hear the replies too .
I put it to him that it would be fun to work on an adventure story about physics .
It was meant to be quite small - scale at first , something for his grandchildren , but it has grown from there .
It sounds as if collaborating has changed your relationship
LH : Yes .
I could never have foreseen that we would end up working together because our paths are so radically different , with him a scientist and me a creative writer .
But the books gave us a lot of time together and it was a project that we both enjoyed .
It was interesting how much my dad got into the creative side of it .
Often I ’d go to his house at mealtimes – because that ’s a good time to chat with him – and would read sections of the text while we had dinner .
One time when I read him some of the opening chapters of the book he laughed so much that two people had to jump up and catch him because he fell out of his chair .
I do n’t think I ’ve ever seen him laugh that much .
He was a joy to work with because of his clarity of thought , and his ability to express things very simply .
Of course , he does have to write everything via a labour - intensive process , using a communication machine .
Have you ever heard your father ’s real voice rather than his computer - generated one ?
LH : I was born in 1970 and Dad got his voice synthesiser in 1985 , so I grew up with him and his speaking voice , although even I now think of his voice entirely in terms of his familiar computerised one .
I saw a BBC documentary about him a couple of years ago , which featured him speaking in his actual voice .
It was a shock to hear it again because I had n’t heard it for so long – it really took me back .
Your father has famously said he believes his illness has been a blessing because it allowed him to focus on what was important .
How do you feel about that , Lucy ?
LH : Dad ’s comment there reflects how determinedly positive his attitude is towards something that most people would consider a major disadvantage .
However , I think any relative of somebody with a profound disability would wish away that disability if they could , because you witness an awful lot of suffering and a huge struggle .
This is especially true in Dad ’s case and because he is so determined to overcome his disability he ’s had to fight harder .
Even if he thinks it ’s a blessing , I wish , for his sake , that he had not developed motor neuron disease .
Of all the things you could be remembered for , Stephen , what would be the most important to you ?
SH : I hope to be remembered for my work on black holes , and the origin of the universe .
Profile Stephen
Hawking is famed for his work on black holes and his best - seller A Brief History of Time .
He is the Lucasian Professor of Mathematics at the University of Cambridge and holds the distinguished research chair at the Perimeter Institute in Waterloo , Canada .
Diagnosed with motor neuron disease at 21 , he can now only communicate by twitching his cheek .
His daughter Lucy Hawking is a novelist and journalist .
On April 22 , 2009 , Sean Hannity offered to be waterboarded for our troops .
It ’s been one month since he made this pledge , thinking that waterboarding is not torture , and he has not followed up it .
Another on - air personality , Erich “ Mancow ” Muller , thought the same .
Until now .
He left it up to his listeners who voted that he should be subjected to a waterboarding session , live on his show .
He lasted six to seven seconds and now says that it is “ absolutely torture . ”
Where are you at Hannity ?
Original Story
Share this article
Sacks of Gaza aid remain exposed in al - Arish .
( Lina Atallah / IRIN )
AL
ARISH
IRIN
The only working warehouse in al - Arish had been part- rented to the World Food Programme ( WFP ) with only some of its space allocated to the Egyptian Red Crescent Society ( ERCS ) , said Ahmed Orabi , head of Egyptian Red Crescent aid operations between June 2008 and April 2009 .
Not all of the donated food aid arriving in al - Arish could be stored appropriately , and this had led to some wastage , he said .
The coastal city of al - Arish has been a major hub for incoming aid donations during and after the Israeli offensive ( 27 December 2008 - 18 January 2009 ) .
The ERCS works in close partnership with WFP to facilitate the passage of goods into Gaza for UN agencies and non-governmental organizations .
Bekim Mahmuti , head of logistics with WFP ’s program in the Occupied Palestinian Territories , told IRIN they had encountered no warehousing or access problems in al - Arish .
“ Our aid was locally purchased in Egypt and stockpiled in our warehouse in al - Arish .
It successfully reached Gaza , ” Mahmuti said from East Jerusalem .
He added that WFP had no food aid left in al - Arish by mid-May .
Other reasons for delays and difficulties in getting aid into Gaza are the frequent and unscheduled closures of the Rafah crossing , and the circuitous route that some aid has to take .
Significant quantities of aid — mainly from Arab and Muslim countries — have had to be trucked from al - Arish to al - Ouja ( 50 km from Rafah on the Israeli - Egyptian border ) and then to Israel ’s Kerem Shalom crossing into Gaza , according to the January 2009 Regional Humanitarian Update of the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs ( OCHA ) .
Kerem Shalom has become the main entry point for aid arriving from Israel , but it was not designed to handle large quantities of aid , and strict Israeli controls limit the speed with which goods can be handled .
Rafah has been used mainly for medical aid , and Kerem Shalom for food and other aid .
Incorrect documents
An insight into some of the other impediments to smooth aid delivery to Gaza can be gleaned from OCHA ’s January 2009 update :
“ Many donations arrived in al - Arish without proper documentation or indication of a consignee .
This has impaired their transfer to Gaza .
As of 31 January , 3,000 tons of humanitarian supplies , which had crossed into Israel via al - Ouja was stockpiled at the Kerem Shalom terminal due to lack of clearance to enter Gaza .
This situation has prompted border authorities at al - Ouja not to accept humanitarian cargo that has no proper documentation .
Many truck drivers had no other options but to return to al - Arish and unload their shipments at the municipal stadium .
An estimated 12,000 metric tons of humanitarian supplies have accumulated at the stadium as a result . ”
Earlier this month an IRIN correspondent saw sacks of food aid lying on the ground in the main sports stadium of al - Arish .
They were believed to be remnants of the usable aid still waiting to be shipped to Gaza .
Dumped food aid
Orabi estimates that since the Israeli offensive on Gaza ended on 18 January 2009 , 100 tons of food aid destined for Gaza has had to be dumped on rubbish tips .
Most of the food had been unable to be warehoused and had gone bad with exposure to the rain and sun , he said .
“ The aid was thrown away in a garbage lot and was most probably picked up by Bedouins to use as fodder for their goats , ” he added .
Mahmoud Abul Magd , head of the ERCS office in al - Arish , said most of the dumped aid was part of a Libyan convoy .
About 100 trucks of Libyan aid had arrived in al - Arish during the Israeli offensive but many had been over the weight limit and were thus denied access to Gaza .
Some of this aid was channeled through the al - Ouja border crossing after having been repackaged to meet the correct weight standards , he said .
However , Abul Magd said the current stock of unused food and medical aid was “ negligible . ”
A clearer picture may be difficult to discern as journalists have been denied access al - Arish sea port and the airport , places where more aid is believed to be stored .
This item comes to you via IRIN , a UN humanitarian news and information service , but may not necessarily reflect the views of the United Nations or its agencies .
All IRIN material may be reposted or reprinted free - of - charge ; refer to the copyright page for conditions of use .
IRIN is a project of the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs .
North Korea has begun preparations to fire three or four medium - range missiles , the South Korean military reported to the National Assembly 's National Defense Committee on Tuesday .
Defense Committee members quoted military officers as saying this when they visited the command post of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
They said the North is preparing to fire medium - range missiles near Anbyon - gun , Gangwon Province .
The South has detected several vehicle mobile launchers carrying missiles in the area and assumes that the North will fire more than three missiles .
Officers do not rule out that North Korea will launch an intercontinental ballistic missile from a launch pad in Tongchang - ri , North Pyongan Province on the west coast at the same time .
The medium - range missiles are most likely of the Rodong type with a range of 1,300 km or a new type with a range of 3,000 to 4,000 km which the North deployed warfare - ready in 2007 .
Asked when the long - range missile will likely be launched , an officer speculated it would take about two weeks to prepare its launch .
The ICBM would likely be launched in the direction of the East Sea rather than toward the South Sea , the military speculated .
Tony Blair has called for Gaza 's crossings to be opened for basic building and other commercial goods , adding to international pressure on Israel likely to be exerted at today 's Egypt - hosted post - war reconstruction summit .
On his long - awaited first visit to the Palestinian territory as Middle East envoy from the international quartet – the UN , US , EU and Russia – Mr Blair said that the 20 - month blockade inflicted on the territory 's 1.5 million inhabitants " does not work " .
He made the comments while calling for an end to violence , including rockets fired by Gazan militants into Israel .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Mr Blair was speaking after meeting senior UN officials , prominent Gazan businessmen and civil society leaders who pressed for an early opening of the crossings to help the reconstruction of some 15,000 homes damaged or destroyed in Israel 's 22 - day offensive , and start reviving the territory 's collapsed economy .
The envoy – whose visit to a UN school in this northern Gaza town was the first since he came here as prime minister in November 2001 – acknowledged before flying to Sharm el Sheikh for the reconstruction conference that the " devastation is enormous " and said it was necessary to " find a different and better way of dealing with this situation " .
He said that unless there is material for rebuilding Gazan homes , and some hope of economic improvement , it will " undermine the prospect of peace " .
He added : " A blockade of all the Gazan people does not work . "
His remarks reinforce indications that Hillary Clinton , the US Secretary of State – who brings a pledge of up to $ 900 m to today 's conference before visiting Israel and the West Bank this week – is also pressing Israel to open the crossings to more than basic humanitarian goods , at least to hasten the process of reconstruction .
The moderate Palestinian leadership based in the West Bank – which is seeking to take both the responsibility and the political credit for post - war reconstruction in Gaza – has submitted a $ 2.8 bn plan to donors at today 's conference .
Salam Fayad , the West Bank authority 's Prime Minister , said he would today urge an immediate lifting of the blockade which Israel imposed after Hamas 's martial seizure of control in the Strip in June 2007 .
The World Bank , whose managing director , Juan Jose Daboub , also joined a stream of high profile diplomatic visitors to Gaza in recent days , warned in a pre-conference report that carrying out the plan would only be possible if restrictions blocking " the predictable entry of basic materials into Gaza – including cement , steel , glass , equipment , and spare parts – are lifted " .
The British Secretary of State for International Development , Douglas Alexander , who pledged £ 30 m for emergency rebuilding on the first visit to Gaza by a British minister since Hamas 's takeover , also called for " improved access " and urged Israel to relax its stringent restrictions on the categories of goods allowed across the border .
Mr Alexander said he had been " horrified by the scale of human suffering that I have witnessed " .
He added : " I come with a very clear message that as the British Government we want to see full and unfettered access both for aid and for aid workers here in Gaza . "
Nevertheless , prospects for implementation also face the daunting obstacle of the control exerted in Gaza by Hamas , which has not been invited to today 's conference .
Israel , and most of the international community , has made it clear it wants a return to the 2005 agreement brokered by Mrs Clinton 's predecessor , Condoleezza Rice , which put control of the Palestinian side of the crossings under the authority of President Mahmoud Abbas .
On the left , the concept of objective truth is increasingly deemed a form of white supremacy .
From time to time , staunchly and admirably conservative Dennis Prager writes in defense of what he ( along with many others ) likes to call “ Judeo - Christian ” values .
We generally reject the term for reasons we give here .
But we accept its use in the article below because he gives it a definition which makes it palatable to reason .
He writes at the Daily Signal :
All of my life , I have said that the left ’s moral compass is broken .
And all of my life , I was wrong .
Why I was wrong explains both the left and the moral crisis we are in better than almost any other explanation .
I was wrong because in order to have a broken moral compass , you need to have a moral compass to begin with .
But the left does n’t have one .
This is not meant as an attack .
It is a description of reality .
The left regularly acknowledges that it does n’t think in terms of good and evil .
Most of us are so used to thinking in those terms — what we call “ Judeo - Christian ” — that it is very difficult for us to divide the world in any other way .
But since Karl Marx , the left ( not liberalism ; the two are different ) has always divided the world , and , therefore , human actions , in ways other than good and evil .
The left , in Friedrich Nietzsche ’s famous words , has always operated “ beyond good and evil . ”
It all began with Marx , who divided the world by economic class — worker and owner or exploited and exploiter .
To Marx and to Marxism , there is no such thing as a good or an evil that transcends class .
Good is defined as what is good for the working class ; evil is what is bad for the working class .
Therefore , to Marxists , there is no such thing as a universal good or a universal evil . …
By which is meant that –
Whether an act is good or evil has nothing to do with who committed the act — rich or poor , male or female , religious or secular , member of one ’s nation or of another nation .
Stealing and murder are morally wrong , no matter who stole or who murdered .
That is not the case for Marx and the left .
As Marx put it in “ Das Kapital ” :
Right can never be higher than the economic structure of society and the cultural development thereby determined .
We therefore reject every attempt to impose on us any moral dogma whatsoever as an eternal , ultimate , and forever immutable moral law .
Fifty - three years later , Marx ’s foremost disciple , Vladimir Lenin , architect of the Russian Revolution , proclaimed :
We say that our morality is entirely subordinated to the interests of the class struggle of the proletariat . …
We do not believe in an eternal morality . …
We repudiate all morality derived from non-human ( i.e. God ) and non-class concepts .
[ Address to the Third Congress of the Russian Young Communist League , Oct. 2 , 1920 . ]
As professor Wilfred Cantwell Smith , director of Harvard University ’s Center for the Study of World Religions , wrote in 1957 :
For Marxism there is no reason … for not killing or torturing or exploiting a human person if his liquidation or torture or slave labor will advance the historical process .
This is how Marx ’s ideological heirs , today ’s leftists , view the world — with one important difference : Morality is not determined only by class , but by race , power , and sex as well .
In Left - think , racism is wrong – as it is in reason .
But only for some people , not for all – a position reason rejects .
It is left - wing dogma that a black person cannot be a racist .
Only whites can be racist .
And , indeed , all whites are racist .
It is increasingly a left - wing position that when blacks loot , they are only taking what they deserve , or , as the looters often put it , looted goods are “ reparations ” .
A Black Lives Matter organizer in Chicago , Ariel Atkins , recently put it this way :
I do n’t care if somebody decides to loot a Gucci or a Macy ’s or a Nike store because that makes sure that person eats .
That makes sure that person has clothes .
That is reparations .
Anything they want to take , take it because these businesses have insurance .
[ Chicago Tribune , Aug. 17 , 2020 . ]
Another non-moral left - wing compass concerns power .
Just as right and wrong are determined by class ( worker and owner / rich and poor ) and race ( white and people of color ) , good and evil are also determined by power ( the strong and the weak ) .
Power is wrong – unless of course it is in the hands of the Left .
That ’s why leftists protest and riot whenever a confrontation between a police officer and a black person ends with the death of an unarmed black person .
…
The death is automatically deemed murder .
And causes the world over are right or wrong according to that criterion :
That explains much of the left ’s hatred for two countries in particular — America and Israel .
America is wrong when it does almost anything in the world that involves weaker countries — assassinates the most important Iranian terrorist , builds a wall between itself and Mexico , opposes unlimited immigration .
It is wrong because it is much stronger than those other countries .
The left ’s antipathy to Israel derives from both the power compass and the race compass .
Because Israel is so much stronger than the Palestinians and because Israelis are classified as white ( despite the fact that more than half of all Israelis are not white ) , the left deems Israel wrong .
So , when Israel justifiably attacks Gaza for raining rockets over Israel , the world ’s left vehemently attacks Israel — because it is so much stronger than the people of Gaza and because whites have attacked people of color .
In Left - think , rape is wrong – as it is in reason – but only for some people .
When a woman accuses a man of sexually harassing or raping her , the left ’s reaction is not , “ Let us try to determine the truth as best we can . ”
It is , “ Believe women . ”
One must automatically “ believe women ” …
Unless , as we have seen lately , the accusation is brought against a leading Democrat , such as Joe Biden , the Left ’s candidate for the presidency .
In his case the woman must not be believed .
… because , on the left , it is not only morality that does n’t transcend race , power , class or sex ; truth does n’t either .
The purpose of this site is to examine the legal , economic , and social processes which contribute to the privatization of various resources , including technologies , natural resources , and cultural forms .
Our intention is that the blog will consist not of a series of detached posts on various topics , but rather as an interconnected set of discussions where we attempt to develop our thinking on these issues as a whole and where older posts remain open venues for continued dialogue .
The name of this site directly references the process by which the British open field system was eroded in favor of privatized land tracts .
We tend to use this historical example as a framework for interpreting the contemporary privitization of the physical and intellectual resources listed above .
The header photo depicts the ruins of the Concord Resort in the Catskills .
The photo was downloaded a few years ago and after some searching , I have n’t been able to locate the photographer ’s name for credit .
If you recognize the pic , let us know .
Engine Yard recently took over the maintenance of the Ruby 1.8.6 branch :
It is with great excitement that we want to announce the transition of legacy maintenance duties for Ruby 1.8.6 from the capable hands of Urabe Shyouhei to Engine Yard .
Going forward , I will be the primary point of contact for bug and security fixes for the 1.8.6 branch of Ruby [.. ] .
Engine Yard has more than 6000 virtual machines running on Ruby 1.8.6 ( see " Engine Yard to Take Over Ruby 1.8.6 Maintenance ? " on InfoQ ) , so they have an interest in keeping this specific version alive for customers that can't or do n't want to upgrade .
InfoQ had the chance to talk to Kirk Haines , Software Developer at Engine Yard and the actual maintainer of Ruby 1.8.6 .
Are the MBARI patches coming to 1.8.6 ?
We like the MBARI patches , so we 're working with the 1.8.7 + team on a strategy to put them in the entire 1.8 line .
We think there are a few more bugs to be shaken out before we can do that , and the 1.8.7 + team needs to be comfortable .
Any other patches ( for example from the Phusion / Ruby Enterprise Edition team ) that are going to be applied ?
Again , we want to be conservative as a maintainer , and something like Phusion should be consistent between 1.8.6 + and 1.8.7 + , so it 's another thing to work on with the Japanese team .
The original concern with the Phusion patch was that it impacted general performance because its garbage collection was O ( N ) , and was generally considered different enough to be something close to a fork .
This may no longer be the case , but frankly this is why there needs to be a permanent maintainer for 1.8.6 , so we can figure this stuff out .
There were rumors about moving Ruby 1.8.6 to GitHub , are these true ?
This is not true .
We may keep a github mirror for development purposes , but the true source will continue to be the svn repo .
What are your plans for 1.8.6 's future ?
We want to maintain a clean , stable version of 1.8.6 that maintains 1.8.6 API 's and behaviors , while backporting the best of performance , security and bug patches and fixes .
We intend to maintain our 1.8.6 commitment for at least the next two years .
See the announcement from Engine Yard for more information and comments .
What do you think about Engine Yard taking over Ruby 1.8.6 maintenance ?
Please click here to see the latest version of our world map charting the spread of swine flu around the globe .
As New York City announced two more swine flu deaths Tuesday , bringing the state ’s death toll to four , health officials in Los Angeles County and California said the worst of the outbreak -- at least locally -- appears to be over .
“ Generally , it does seem to be tapering off in California , although all over the world and in the United States , the number of cases seems to be increasing , ” said Bonnie Sorensen , chief deputy director of policy and programs for the California Department of Public Health .
It will be at least another month , though , before state health officials can be sure if the downward trend will continue , she said .
In California , there have been 445 confirmed cases of swine flu and 227 probable cases as of last Thursday , the most recent data available .
Forty - three of the confirmed cases are in Los Angeles County .
Advertisement
By contrast , New York City has seen 330 of the state ’s 462 confirmed cases .
“ Compared to what ’s going on in Queens , for example , we ’ve had a very limited number of cases , ” said Dr. Jonathan Fielding , Los Angeles County ’s director of public health .
In Queens , dozens of students at St. Francis Preparatory School contracted the virus after a spring break trip to Mexico .
Most suffered only minor illnesses , New York health officials said .
“ It ’s clear that there is a lot more transmission going on in that part of New York City than we have seen in Los Angeles County or on the West Coast in general , ” Fielding said .
“ Is it because people there use mass transit ?
Is it because the architecture of schools is much different ?
I do n’t think we know the answers .
All we have at this point is hypothesis , but there ’s no evidence that the virus in New York is different than the virus here . ”
Advertisement
Three weeks after the swine flu frenzy reached a peak , the never - before - seen H1N1 virus has yet to turn into the full - fledged health crisis that some feared .
California , with its proximity to Mexico , also did not see particularly high rates of the disease .
Sorensen said much of the concern about the possible virulence of the new strain proved unfounded .
“ Now , in retrospect , many of those hospitalized and dead , it turns out did not have novel influenza , ” Sorensen said .
“ Mexico ’s appearance was exaggerated over reality . ”
Advertisement
Sorensen said the cases have not been more severe in California in part because the virus in general infected younger , healthier people .
Of the state ’s cases , 90 % have been in people under 50 .
And almost all of the 40 hospitalizations were of people with underlying health conditions , including heart disease , obesity , diabetes and pregnancy .
And although swine flu ’s threat has n’t fully materialized in California , Sorensen said , the cases of routine seasonal influenza , which typically peak in January and February and fade out by the end of March , are persisting later than usual .
--
Advertisement
kimi.yoshino@latimes.com
First of all , this whole motorized Lego theater set up is legit .
Skip to about 2:30 for a behind - the - scenes look at how it all works .
Second of all , this is absolutely amazing .
Advertisement
For you NXT fans and collectors , here 's a parts list for this fantastic creation :
- One Intelligent NXT Brick
- One NXT Rechargeable Battery
- Three NXT Servo Motors
- One NXT Light Sensor
- One NXT IR Link ( HiTechnic )
- Two Power Functions IR Receivers
- Two Power Functions Light Sets
- Four Power Functions M-Motors
- One Power Functions XL - Motor
- Three Power Functions Battery Boxes
- Three Power Functions Extension Wires
Advertisement
Creator NextStorm promises a more detailed explanation for this fine creation , but for now this video will do just fine .
[ NextStorm via Brothers Brick ]
The domainname " www.whitehouse.gov " is located in the following region :
HR 875 ( and there are comments to help them along ) , they will see stopping those bills is fundamental to freedom for all of us to even exist .
The bills are massively , massively , massively totalitarian .
Our legislators will be voting ( most with no idea ) on a complete take over of this country .
It 's been obvious to farmers and cattlemen that stopping NAIS is about preserving the most basic freedoms necessary to farm , but if people will take time to read
Because of what ?
Peanuts .
What a sick joke on us .
So , we need everyone to write a letter for liberty or send a fax for freedom .
Below is who to reach and a sample letter but obviously people can write what is in their hearts .
Get every friend and family member and church group and organization and retirement home and school group and anyone else you can reach , to apply themselves to this .
Get everyone of your children and grandchildren , if they can hold a pen , to write .
It 's America itself we are demanding to have back , free from government like some giant smothering boa constrictor slithering into every aspect of our lives - all for the sake of corporations - to squeeze the life out of us , after they squeeze every dime and all our possessions and our land .
If they take our seeds , they take all democracy here , and as the article shows , they are setting up to take the seeds with HR 875 .
Do it now .
Then , call a neighbor and get them to do it now and then call another .
Make this weekend holy .
Make it about saving our country .
And it is appropriate that cowboys and farmers would be the lead .
The third great crisis of the 21st century has already inflicted a greater toll in lives lost and economic hardship than 9/11 and the 2008 financial collapse combined .
And just as the COVID - 19 pandemic has upended our daily lives , it has transformed the political landscape , with governments at all levels exercising emergency powers rarely seen outside the context of total war .
With so much at risk , what ’s needed now is sober , realistic assessment of the choices ahead — a guide to policies that can stem the damage while avoiding permanent transformation of American life and law .
The Cato Institute aims to meet that need with its new series , Pandemics and Policy .
BERLIN , Germany ( CNN ) -- A Canadian auto parts supplier has come to the rescue of German carmaker Opel , negotiating a deal with the German government that will save the company from insolvency .
German Finance Minister Peer Steinbrueck talks to reporters early Saturday morning following talks on Opel .
Officials from all sides announced the agreement after talks lasting into the early hours of Saturday .
German Foreign Minister Frank - Walter Steinmeier called it a " responsible solution " that would preserve the highest number of jobs .
Under the terms of the deal , supplier Magna will have a 20 percent stake in GM Europe , an arm of General Motors , which owns the Opel brand .
Russia 's Sberbank will own a 35 percent share , Opel employees will have 10 percent , and General Motors will retain a 35 - percent stake , according to GM spokesman Joerg Schrott .
The German government will provide a bridge loan to keep GM Europe operating in the short term .
The deal ensures that General Motors ' European assets -- which also include the Vauxhall car brand in Britain -- will be unaffected by GM 's expected bankruptcy filing .
Magna warned during negotiations that it would have to cut about 10,000 jobs .
General Motors has around 55,000 employees in Europe .
About 2,000 of the job cuts would be in Germany , Magna has said , but a top company official tried to reassure the Germans that it would try to protect the company as much as possible .
" We will , and I want to stress that again , preserve all the German Opel locations , " said Magna co-Chief Executive Siegfried Wolf .
" We 're keen to have talks with all the states where Opel has factories in the next few weeks and are confident to be able to find solutions to preserve jobs , because every job that is lost is one too many .
We will work with Opel management to try to avoid those job losses . "
Steinmeier told reporters that such risks can't be avoided .
" But , " he said , " I think we have found a responsible solution with private investors and interim funding from the state .
It is a solution which preserves Opel 's location in Germany and also preserves the highest possible number of jobs . "
German Finance Minister Peer Steinbruck said early Saturday that the country has guaranteed transitional credit for Opel of 1.5 billion euros ( $ 2.1 billion ) .
In addition , a trust will be created where Opel 's stock will be parked prior to the division of shares .
Along with Sberbank , Russia 's biggest bank , Russian automaker GAZ Group will provide some financing , said Andrzej Kasperek , director of corporate business development with GAZ .
" I think the whole arrangement with Magna and the Russian partners made this a very attractive deal for GM , " Kasperek said .
" Opel is very well regarded as a brand .
But we think we can increase sales in the next five years . "
Financially strapped General Motors is expected to announce as soon as Monday that it is filing for bankruptcy .
" Opel has received a perspective for the future , " said German Chancellor Angela Merkel after the agreement was reached .
" That is a chance for the employees , who have earned it , as I find , because they are not to blame for the situation but instead big mismanagement in the United States of America at GM . "
Merkel said the German government did " what it had to do " in rescuing Opel .
" I had an open exchange in a phone call with the American president , and we agreed that we do everything to bring this complex task to a good conclusion .
And this clearly set the tone for the negotiations , " Merkel said .
All About General Motors Corporation • Germany
By GottaLaff
I 've had some nice e-mail exchanges with progressive radio host Jeff Farias , he 's a good guy .
Guess what he got his hands on :
My friend Jeff Farias the Progressive Radio Host has come into possession of un-released Iraq Tortures Pictures .
He wants to know : Should he publish them ?
I say yes !
Please call him today on the internet radio from 3 pm to 6 pm M.S.T. at thejefffariasshow.com
602-275-4130 602-275-4130 800-385-1566 800-385-1566
The author of this post is adamant about releasing the photos .
Follow the link to read his passionate plea for releasing the images .
Here 's a small sample :
The publishing of these pictures will to the contrary not endanger my fellow soldiers lives it will protect them in the future from these stupid anti-constitutional officers and political leaders who condone and encourage torture by my fellow soldiers who are then rightly thrown into jail while un-rightly these cowardly political leaders stand by and watch my fellow soldiers be scape goated !
Please Jeff : Publish , Publish , Publish !
Leonard Clark , Persian Gulf / Iraq Occupation III Vet
This is becoming quite the hot topic , as I knew it would be when I posted about other unreleased photos the other day .
More of my follow - up posts on that controversy here and here .
Your turn .
H/t : My Twitter pal Cindy
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
With the departure of President George W. Bush , Republicans have a new rallying cry : " Back to basics ! ''
House Minority Leader John Boehner , center , and GOP Rep .
Mike Pence , right , speak with reporters Tuesday .
Nothing is more basic to the Republican philosophy than smaller government , a principle many Republicans believe got lost at the end of the Bush administration .
" President Bush in the last few months has opened up the door to Mr. Obama 's big - government activism , " Ken Blackwell said earlier this month .
Blackwell , the former Ohio secretary of state , is one of six candidates running for the chairmanship of the Republican National Committee .
Republicans believe they lost in 2006 and 2008 because they became a " me too ' ' party .
And Democrats can play that game better .
" Republicans blew it on spending , but now Democrats are on steroids with spending , " says Rep. Zach Wamp , R - Tennessee .
The battle over the stimulus comes as the Republican National Committee , at its winter meeting this week , is expected to adopt an unprecedented resolution that attacks the $ 700 billion federal bailout that Bush championed .
President Obama is making a strong pitch for Republican support because , he says , we 're all in this together .
After meeting with congressional Republicans , the president said , " What I think unified this group is recognition that we are experiencing an unprecedented , perhaps , economic crisis that has to be ... dealt with rapidly . "
Watch Obama court GOP lawmakers »
Most Republicans are balking .
They appreciate the president 's efforts to reach out to them , but they do n't see that spirit of bipartisanship in the Democratic leadership of Congress .
In their view , the Democratic bill is wrong in principle .
Rep . Mike Pence of Indiana , the House Republican Conference chairman , says the bill that the House Democrats bring to the floor " will literally be a catch - all of traditional pet programs and more government . "
And it wo n't work , many Republicans say .
" The best economic stimulus there is is a job .
And this bill is short on stimulus that is needed to create that , " said Rep. Marsha Blackburn , R - Tennessee .
Watch a top Republican offer an alternative plan »
Republicans do have an alternative plan .
" If you allow American families to keep more of their hard - earned money and provide businesses incentives to create jobs and you decrease spending at the federal level , you grow the economy , " Pence says .
But Republicans do n't have the votes to pass an alternative of their own .
Democrats can say Republicans are irrelevant , so they 're being irresponsible .
But Republicans are not irrelevant .
Sure , Obama does n't need Republican votes , but he still wants them .
He does n't want his recovery plan to be seen as partisan .
Meanwhile , Republicans do n't want to be seen as complicit in a policy that violates their basic principles .
All About Republican Party • Barack Obama • U.S. Congress
" What is the difference between a taxidermist and a tax collector ?
The taxidermist takes only your skin . " - Mark Twain , Notebook , 1902
Photo by Lisa Norwood
How Bush 's Torture Helped al - Qaeda Captured al - Qaeda operatives , facing the threat or reality of torture , appear to have fed the Bush administration ’s obsession about Iraq , buying Osama bin Laden and other terrorist leaders time to rebuild their organization inside nuclear - armed Pakistan .
Email
Printer friendly Even now , as al - Qaeda and its Taliban allies expand their power ever closer to Pakistan ’s capital of Islamabad , ex-Bush administration officials continue to insist they protected U.S. security by repeatedly waterboarding the likes of 9/11 plotter Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and terrifying others , such as Ibn al - Shaykh al - Libi , with “ extraordinary renditions ” to foreign countries known to torture .
However , the emerging evidence , including recently released Justice Department memos , suggests that the “ high - value detainees ” may have helped divert U.S. focus away from their al - Qaeda colleagues by providing tantalizing misinformation about Saddam Hussein ’s Iraq and dropping tidbits about Jordanian terrorist Abu Musab al - Zarqawi , who operated inside Iraq .
The May 30 , 2005 , memo by Steven Bradbury , then acting head of the Justice Department ’s Office of Legal Counsel , also appears to have exaggerated the value of intelligence extracted from detainee Abu Zubaydah through harsh interrogations – references that Bush administration defenders have cited as justification for abusive tactics , including the near - drowning of waterboarding .
The May 30 memo states : “ Interrogations of Zubaydah – again , once enhanced techniques were employed – furnished detailed information regarding al Qaeda ’s ‘ organizational structure , key operatives , and modus operandi ’ and identified KSM [ Khalid Sheikh Mohammed ] as the mastermind of the September 11 attacks . …
“ You [ CIA officials ] have informed us that Zubaydah also ‘ provided significant information on two operatives , [ including ] Jose Padilla [ , ] who planned to build and detonate a ‘ dirty bomb ’ in Washington DC area . ”
However , that last claim conflicts with known evidence about Zubaydah ’s interrogations and with the time elements of Padilla ’s arrest .
Zubaydah was captured on March 28 , 2002 , after a gunfight that left him wounded .
Padilla , an American citizen who converted to Islam , was arrested on May 8 , 2002 .
Yet , Bush administration lawyers did not give clearance for the “ enhanced interrogation techniques ” until late July , verbally , and on Aug. 1 , 2002 , in writing .
In addition , Zubaydah ’s information about Padilla and KSM was provided to FBI interrogators who had employed rapport - building techniques with Zubaydah , not the harsh tactics that CIA interrogators insisted upon later , according to published accounts .
FBI Successes
For instance , author Jane Mayer in her book The Dark Side writes that the two FBI agents , Ali Soufan and Steve Gaudin , “ sent back early cables describing Zubayda as revealing inside details of the [ 9/11 ] attacks on New York and Washington , including the nickname of its central planner , ‘ Mukhtar , ’ who was identified as Khalid Sheikh Mohammad . …
“ During this period , Zubayda also described an Al Qaeda associate whose physical description matched that of Jose Padilla .
The information led to the arrest of the slow - witted American gang member in May 2002 , at O’Hare International Airport in Chicago . …
“ Abu Zubayda disclosed Padilla ’s role accidentally , apparently .
While making small talk , he described an Al Qaeda associate he said had just visited the U.S. embassy in Pakistan .
That scrap was enough for authorities to find and arrest Padilla .
" These early revelations were greeted with excitement by [ CIA Director George ]
Tenet , until he was told they were extracted not by his officers but by the rival team at the FBI . ”
Soon , a CIA team arrived at the secret CIA detention center in Thailand where Zubaydah was being held and took command , adopting more aggressive interrogations tactics .
However , the Bush administration did not approve the full battery of harsh tactics , including waterboarding , until mid-summer 2002 .
Mayer 's account was backed up Thursday by one of the FBI agents , Ali Soufan , who broke his long silence on the topic in an op-ed in the New York Times , citing Zubaydah 's cooperation in providing information about Padilla and KSM before the CIA began the harsh tactics .
" It is inaccurate ... to say that Abu Zubaydah had been uncooperative , " Soufan wrote .
" Under traditional interrogation methods , he provided us with important actionable intelligence . "
[ NYT , April 23 , 2009 ]
Nevertheless , Bush administration defenders cite the information wrested from Zubaydah -- who was waterboarded at least 83 times in August 2002 .-- as justification for the interrogation tactics that have been widely denounced as torture .
For instance , former Bush speechwriter Marc Thiessen has credited the CIA ’s harsh interrogation techniques for the arrest of Padilla .
Thiessen also was given space in the Washington Post ’s neoconservative editorial section to cite a claim in the May 30 memo that “ in particular , the CIA believes that it would have been unable to obtain critical information from numerous detainees , including [ Khalid Sheik Mohammed ] and Abu Zubaydah , without these enhanced techniques . ” ( KSM was waterboarded 183 times after his capture in March 2003 . )
Thiessen also said the harsh tactics extracted information from Zubaydah and KSM about Zarqawi ’s operation in Iraq that “ helped our operations against al - Qaeda in that country . ”
However , the timetable again works against these assertions by the CIA and Bush apologists .
Zubaydah was captured in March 2002 at a time when Zarqawi was an obscure terrorist holed up in a section of Iraq protected by the U.S. - British no -fly zone , which prevented Saddam Hussein ’s military from attacking Zarqawi ’s stronghold .
KSM was captured on March 1 , 2003 , 18 days before President Bush launched the U.S. - led invasion of Iraq .
It was not until after the invasion had given way to a U.S. occupation that Zarqawi tapped into a wellspring of anti-Americanism throughout the Middle East and began recruiting young jihadists from across the region to mount suicide and other attacks against U.S. forces .
Zarqawi also built alliances with disgruntled Sunnis as the insurgency grew .
Whatever information Zubaydah and KSM might have provided about Zarqawi would have been dated and – to the degree they built up his importance – could have played into President Bush ’s desire to view the Iraq War as " the central front in the war on terror . ”
False Intelligence
The problem of false intelligence had already been demonstrated by the handling of another al - Qaeda captive , Ibn al - Shaykh al - Libi , who had responded to threats of torture by claiming an operational link between Hussein ’s government and al - Qaeda .
It was exactly the kind of information that the Bush administration had been seeking .
A June 2002 CIA report , which was dubbed the “ Murky ” paper , cited claims by al - Libi that Iraq had “ provided ” unspecified chemical and biological weapons training for two al - Qaeda operatives .
Al - Libi ’s information also was inserted into a November 2002 National Intelligence Estimate .
In January 2003 , another CIA paper expanded on al - Libi ’s claims of an Iraqi - al - Qaeda connection , saying that “ Iraq – acting on the request of al - Qa’ida militant Abu Abdullah , who was Muhammad Atif ’s emissary – agreed to provide unspecified chemical or biological weapons training for two al - Qa’ida associates beginning in December 2000 . ”
By Feb. 11 , 2003 , as the countdown to the U.S. invasion progressed , CIA Director Tenet began treating al - Libi ’s assertions as fact .
At a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing , Tenet said Iraq “ has also provided training in poisons and gases to two al - Qa’ida associates .
One of these associates characterized the relationship he forged with Iraqi officials as successful . ”
But the CIA ’s confidence about al - Libi ’s information went against the suspicions voiced by the Defense Intelligence Agency .
“ He lacks specific details ” about the supposed training , the DIA observed .
“ It is possible he does not know any further details ; it is more likely this individual is intentionally misleading the debriefers . ”
The DIA ’s doubts proved prescient .
In January 2004 , al - Libi recanted his statements and claimed that he had lied because of both actual and anticipated abuse , including threats that he would be sent to an intelligence service where he expected to be tortured .
Al - Libi said he fabricated “ all information regarding al - Qa’ida ’s sending representatives to Iraq to try to obtain WMD assistance , ” according to a Feb. 4 , 2004 , CIA operational cable .
“ Once al - Libi started fabricating information , [ he claimed ] his treatment improved and he experienced no further physical pressures from the Americans . ”
Despite his cooperation , al - Libi said he was transferred to another country that subjected him to beatings and confinement in a “ small box ” for about 17 hours .
He said he then made up another story about three al - Qaeda operatives going to Iraq “ to learn about nuclear weapons . ”
Afterwards , he said his treatment improved .
In September 2006 , the Senate Intelligence Committee criticized the CIA for accepting al - Libi ’s claims as credible .
“ No postwar information has been found that indicates CBW training occurred and the detainee who provided the key prewar reporting about this training recanted his claims after the war , ” the committee report said .
The Senate Intelligence Committee skirted making a conclusion about how al - Libi ’s statements were extracted .
But the al - Libi case demonstrated one of the practical risks of coercing a witness to talk .
To avoid pain , people often make stuff up .
Buying Time
Though al - Libi ’s motivation appeared to be simply his desperation to avoid more pain , there is also the risk that al - Qaeda operatives intentionally “ surrendered ” intelligence that was designed to divert U.S. attentions away from the crucial terrorist base camps and safe houses along the Afghan - Pakistani border and toward Iraq .
In that sense , the interests of Bush ’s neocon foreign policy team and al - Qaeda were symbiotic .
The Bush administration was determined to force regime change in Iraq while al - Qaeda was desperate for a respite from U.S. and NATO assaults in late 2001 and 2002 .
So , diverting U.S. military and intelligence resources toward Iraq bought al - Qaeda leaders valuable time .
As the U.S. military got bogged down in the Iraq War , al - Qaeda and its Taliban allies strengthened their safe havens inside Pakistan and began expanding their areas of control , threatening to destabilize the fragile government of Pakistan , the only Islamic country that has a nuclear bomb .
There has been other evidence that al - Qaeda ’s leaders understood the value of tying down the U.S. military in an open - ended war in Iraq , so they could reorganize and emerge as a more deadly threat in the future , especially if Pakistan ’s nuclear arsenal falls into their hands .
Osama bin Laden even intervened in Election 2004 by releasing a rare videotape on Oct. 29 , 2004 , railing against President Bush .
Bush ’s supporters immediately dubbed the video tape “ Osama ’s endorsement of John Kerry . ”
But inside the CIA , analysts concluded that the video was intended as a backdoor way to help Bush gain a second term , according to Ron Suskind ’s The One Percent Doctrine , which draws heavily from CIA insiders .
According to Suskind ’s book , CIA analysts had spent years “ parsing each expressed word of the al - Qaeda leader and his deputy , [ Ayman ] Zawahiri .
What they ’d learned over nearly a decade is that bin Laden speaks only for strategic reasons .
…
“ Their [ the CIA ’s ] assessments , at day ’s end , are a distillate of the kind of secret , internal conversations that the American public [ was ] not sanctioned to hear : strategic analysis .
Today ’s conclusion : bin Laden ’s message was clearly designed to assist the President ’s reelection .
“ At the five o’clock meeting , [ Deputy CIA Director ] John McLaughlin opened the issue with the consensus view : ‘ Bin Laden certainly did a nice favor today for the President . ’” McLaughlin ’s comment drew nods from CIA officers at the table .
The CIA analysts felt that bin Laden might have recognized how Bush ’s policies – including the Guantanamo prison camp , the Abu Ghraib scandal and the endless bloodshed in Iraq – were serving al - Qaeda ’s strategic goals for recruiting a new generation of jihadists .
“ Certainly , ” CIA ’s deputy associate director for intelligence Jami Miscik said , “ he would want Bush to keep doing what he ’s doing for a few more years , ” according to Suskind ’s account .
As their internal assessment sank in , the CIA analysts drifted into silence , troubled by the implications of their own conclusions .
“ An ocean of hard truths before them – such as what did it say about U.S. policies that bin Laden would want Bush reelected – remained untouched , ” Suskind wrote .
One consequence of bin Laden breaking nearly a year of silence to issue the videotape the weekend before the U.S. presidential election was to give the Bush campaign a much needed boost .
From a virtual dead heat , Bush opened up a six - point lead , according to one poll .
Bush himself said later he considered the bin Laden tape an important turning point in the election .
[ For details , see our book , Neck Deep . ]
Prolonging the War Al - Qaeda ’s strategic interest in bogging the United States down in Iraq also was disclosed in a late 2005 letter to Zarqawi from a top aide to bin Laden known as “ Atiyah , ” who upbraided Zarqawi for his reckless , hasty actions inside Iraq .
The message from Atiyah , who is believed to be a Libyan named Atiyah Abd al - Rahman , emphasized the need for Zarqawi to operate more deliberately in order to build political strength and drag out the U.S. occupation .
“ Prolonging the war is in our interest , ” Atiyah told Zarqawi .
[ To view this excerpt in a translation published by the Combating Terrorism Center at West Point , click here .
To read the entire letter , click here . ]
Besides the value that al - Qaeda saw in dragging out the Iraq War , the harsh interrogations also had severe consequences for American troops .
As former Navy general counsel Alberto Mora told the Senate Armed Services Committee in June 2008 , “ there are serving U.S. flag - rank officers who maintain that the first and second identifiable causes of U.S. combat deaths in Iraq – as judged by their effectiveness in recruiting insurgent fighters into combat – are , respectively the symbols of Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo . ”
Zarqawi was killed in June 2006 , but only after a new team of military intelligence interrogators arrived in Iraq and rejected the brutal interrogation strategies that had survived the Abu Ghraib scandal two years earlier .
Instead , the team employed FBI - style " rapport - building " techniques and won the confidence of captured Sunni insurgents who gave up Zarqawi 's location , which was destroyed by a U.S. aerial attack .
[ For details , see Washington Post , Nov. 30 , 2008 , or Consortiumnews.com 's " Connecting CIA Torture to Abu Ghraib . " ]
So , the “ enhanced interrogations techniques ” may have had two deadly consequences : eliciting misinformation that helped lead the United States into the quicksand of Iraq ( while al - Qaeda and its Islamic fundamentalist allies strengthened their position in nuclear - armed Pakistan ) and contributing significantly to the deaths of more than 4,200 American soldiers in Iraq .
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons , Sam and Nat , and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
Or go to Amazon.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
EVERGREEN STATE COLLEGE
Olympia , Wash .
Undergraduates : 4,191
Acceptance rate : 97 percent
With its hippie vibe , Evergreen is one of the country ’s more unusual public colleges .
Since its founding in 1971 — think of the time — Evergreen has sought to throw out the rules , including the class schedule .
Students do n’t quite make it up as they go along , but that ’s the idea .
A seminar here , a workshop there , a field trip , a collaborative lab .
“ The college has retained its innovative , iconoclastic spirit , remaining true to its founding principles , holding fast to a belief that faculty and students are both learners , ” says George D. Kuh , director of the Center for Postsecondary Research at Indiana University Bloomington and of the National Survey of Student Engagement .
Evergreen was one of 20 colleges he and his co-authors featured in a 2005 book , “ Student Success in College : Creating Conditions That Matter . ”
WHITMAN COLLEGE Walla Walla , Wash .
Undergraduates : 1,512
Acceptance rate : 47 percent
Here is a college for the outdoors type — mountains and streams are readily accessible .
The city is small enough that it is not unusual to bump into a professor at the coffee shop , and Whitman promises that they wo n’t mind chatting outside of class time ( or in class , with an average of just 15 students ) .
“ If you are in the Northwest , people would almost always tell you it is a premiere institution , ” says Mr. Longanecker .
Every semester , the college finances trips to campus for 100 minority and low - income high school students , some of whom are offered full - ride scholarships .
Cowboy Country
COLORADO COLLEGE Colorado Springs
Undergraduates : 1,977
Acceptance rate : 38 percent
Students get through Colorado College a course at a time — literally .
One course is taken for three and a half weeks , followed by a four - day break , and then it ’s on to the next .
But the anthropology classroom may well be nearby Anasazi ruins , the geology classroom the Grand Canyon .
The college takes advantage of its stunning Rocky Mountain setting , with day and weeklong field trips .
To build community , students , most of whom come from outside Colorado , are required to live on campus for the first three years .
Perhaps inspired by the college president , Richard F. Celeste , a former Peace Corps director , 20 alumni are currently serving in the corps .
Famous graduates include the vice president ’s wife , Lynne Cheney , and their daughters , Elizabeth and Mary .
UNIVERSITY OF OKLAHOMA Norman
Undergraduates : 21,270
Acceptance rate : 82 percent
Oklahoma ’s rising academic profile is reflected in statistics : No. 1 per capita among public universities in the number of National Merit Scholars enrolled ( currently 700 ) and in the top five in the graduation of Rhodes Scholars .
This is a sprawling university , with commensurate academic resources and heterogeneity : about a quarter of undergraduates are minorities ( 8 percent American Indian ) and on Pell grants .
Deep in the heartland , Oklahoma has its own natural history museum , a renowned collection of Impressionist paintings , and 20 colleges offering 153 undergraduate majors .
We hear the football team is not so bad , either .
Northern Plains
MACALESTER COLLEGE St. Paul
Undergraduates : 1,867
Acceptance rate : 39 percent
Kofi Annan , the United Nations secretary general , is an alumnus .
That should not be surprising .
Twelve percent of enrollment — a lot for a campus of this size — are international students representing 78 countries .
Mr. Annan , a native of Ghana who graduated in 1961 , returned to the campus this spring to dedicate its Institute for Global Citizenship , devoted to addressing world problems .
In keeping with its pan-cultural emphasis , the college offers an array of study - abroad programs and field trips within the United States .
As for its own location , it has pros ( near world - class museums as well as muskie fishing ) and cons ( fearfully frigid winters ) .
CARLETON COLLEGE
Northfield , Minn .
Undergraduates : 1,936
Acceptance rate : 29 percent
Carleton ’s Frisbee prowess may be matched only by the high number of students who go on to earn doctorates , particularly in math and science .
When the winter snow finally recedes , students break out the flying discs in serious club competitions .
Who said Carletonians were nerdy and cerebral ?
“ Carleton is a place where able and intelligent students with a quirky sense of humor would go , ” says Mr. Longanecker of the Western Interstate Commission .
Carleton ’s scholarship is well documented .
It ranks behind only Williams , Amherst , Swarthmore and Wellesley as best liberal arts college in the country , according to U.S. News & World Report , and is equally selective .
Two six - year - old boys pretending to have built a mini nuclear power plant has prompted German police and the fire brigade to clear their street , authorities said .
The school children in the western town of oelde had built the nuclear reactor mock - up out of a computer casing and taped a " radioactivity warning " they had printed out from the internet on its side .
" When the boys returned to their ' nuclear power plant ' from a brief stop at home they were sent away again as the area and a wide radius around it had been cleared and blocked off , " police said in a statement .
Residents were ordered not to leave their homes and firefighters tested for a radioactive leak .
The boys ' parents thought the fire department was conducting a drill until they read about the operation online and what led to it .
They reported to the police station and explained their six - year - olds had not managed to build an actual nuclear reactor .
- AFP
Modern games and applications are consuming more system memory than ever before .
In recent years we ’ve seen an increase from 8 GB to 16GB and now even 32 GB is required in some titles for optimal game performance .
Today we ’re looking at a new 2 x 32 GB DDR4 offering from Team Group .
The T - Force Vulcan Z is a budget - conscious product line targeted towards gaming enthusiasts .
It was recently expanded to include a density option of 32 GB in a single stick .
Team Group is known for delivering excellent price / performance , so join us as we see if this memory meets the status quo .
Read More
S.F. proposes Botanical Garden entrance fee SAN FRANCISCO
A man practices tai chi near the entrance to the San Francisco Botanical Garden at Golden Gate Park in San Francisco , Calif. , on Tuesday , March 24 , 2009 .
A man practices tai chi near the entrance to the San Francisco Botanical Garden at Golden Gate Park in San Francisco , Calif. , on Tuesday , March 24 , 2009 .
Photo : Paul Chinn , The Chronicle Photo : Paul Chinn , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close S.F. proposes Botanical Garden entrance fee 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
Throughout its 69 - year history , San Francisco 's world - famous Botanical Garden has been a popular - and free - destination for workday strollers , weekend picnickers and tourists .
But under a city proposal it would soon cost residents $ 5 to enter the garden , which features exotic flora from around the globe .
Recreation and Park Department officials hope the fee will help close an $ 11.4 million budget gap projected for the next fiscal year .
They also have imposed higher fees for city facilities like swimming pools and basketball courts , proposed installing new parking meters in parks , and laid off dozens of recreation center directors .
Jared Blumenfeld , the department 's interim general manager , said the fees would likely never be repealed , but they would help ensure the garden remains " world class . "
Established in 1940 with a bequest from philanthropist Helene Strybing , the Botanical Garden fills 55 acres on the south side of the park , running along Lincoln Boulevard between 9th and 19th Avenues .
It features winding footpaths , ponds and benches nestled among 7,500 kinds of plants from around the world grouped mainly by their geographical origin .
The fee plan would offer a $ 75 annual household pass for unlimited visits for two adults and their children at the garden , as well as at the nearby Japanese Tea Garden and the Conservatory of Flowers , each of which already charges $ 5.00 for adults .
The garden would still have free access 7 a.m. to 9 a.m. daily and all day on the first Tuesday of each month .
The Recreation and Park Commission is scheduled to vote on the fees April 16 ; the Board of Supervisors would also have to approve the proposal .
About a third of the fee revenue would go to the department 's main spending account .
The rest would be divided between a dedicated garden fund and the Botanical Garden Society , which for years has had a formal agreement with department .
Based in the County Fair Building near 9th Avenue and Lincoln Boulevard , the nonprofit society runs the garden 's library and gift shop , organizes volunteer gardeners , raises funds for the garden and conducts daily tours .
The society would use its share of the new revenue to help bolster these current activities and pay for is new roles of staffing two ticket kiosks and mounting an aggressive marketing campaign to attract new visitors , Garden Director Brent Dennis said .
He estimated that if the fees took effect in September they would generate gross revenue of about $ 300,000 this fiscal year and about $ 900,000 the next year .
The garden has received as many as 410,000 visitors a year , according to a survey .
Garden visitors had mixed reactions .
Francesco Siqueiros , an artist and publisher from Santa Cruz who had been jogging by brilliant yellow and green Jerusalem sage plants , expressed concern that the fees might separate people from the garden and a way of staying in touch with nature in a big city .
One of them would be Victor Kong , a retired San Francisco resident .
Standing by a lavender - and - black Christmas Heather plant from South Africa , he said he would stop his strolls if he had to pay .
One of many young mothers who lives nearby and routinely visits the garden with her young children , Kim Soat said she would n't mind paying a modest fee .
" This is our backyard , " she said near a pink and green hedge named for Helene Strybing .
" This is where we come to get out in nature . "
The Federal Reserve appears to be increasingly nervous about the long term bond market .
This is serious .
How panicked are they ?
After leaking a story on Friday , they are back at it on Sunday .
The Federal Reserve leaked to CNBC ’s Steve Liesman on Friday that they were n’t targeting long rates .
Why such a leak ?
Probably because the Fed did not want to appear impotent in controlling the long rate .
So they put out the word through Liesman that they were n’t targetting the long rate .
Can you imagine what would happen to the markets if it sensed long rates were beyond the control of the Fed ?
The Fed can of course print money to buy up every Treasury bond in existence , but the inflationary ramifications would be Zimbabwe like , and crush the dollar on international currency markets .
Are we near the phase where all hell breaks loose ?
I have never even answered , maybe , to this question before .
It ’s always been , “ no . ” Now it ’s maybe .
What really has me spooked is another article out this afternoon ( on a Sunday ) that Drudge has even picked up .
It ’s a Reuters story by Alister Bull .
The headline : Federal Reserve puzzled by yield curve steepening .
Translation , the Fed does n’t know what is going on , but they are really scared .
Here ’s more from Bull :
The Federal Reserve is studying significant moves in the U.S. government bond market last week that could have big implications for the central bank ’s strategy to combat the country ’s recession .
But the Fed is not really sure what is driving the sharp rise in long - dated bond yields , and especially a widening gap between short and long term yields .
Do rising U.S. Treasury yields and a steepening yield curve suggest an economic recovery is more certain , meaning less need for safe haven government bonds and a healthy demand for credit ?
If so , there might be less need for the Fed to expand the money supply by buying more U.S. Treasuries .
Or does the steepening yield curve mean investors are worried about the deterioration in the U.S. fiscal outlook , or the potential for a collapse in the U.S. dollar as the Fed floods the world with newly minted currency as part of its quantitative easing program .
This might be an argument to augment to step up asset purchases .
Another possibility is that China , the largest foreign holder of U.S. Treasury debt , has decided to refocus its portfolio by leaning more heavily on shorter - term maturities …
An obvious culprit for the move in bond yields is the country ’s record fiscal deficit , which will generate a massive amount of new government issuance .
The U.S. Treasury must sell a record net $ 2 trillion in new debt in 2009 to fund a $ 1.8 trillion projected fiscal deficit , resulting from falling tax revenues , an economic stimulus package and sundry bank bailouts .
It ’s the Chinese , and any other Treasury bond buyer who follows the markets , that have pulled away , to varying degrees from buying Treasury long securities .
No one wants to be the last one holding bonds , where the new debt about to be issued is in the trillions .
Bull continues with the part of the message the Fed really wanted to get out :
With officials still grappling to divine the factors steepening the yield curve , a speedy decision on whether to ramp up the Treasury debt purchase program or the related plan to snap up mortgage - related debt seems unlikely .
“ I ’m in wait - and - see mode , ” said one Fed official who spoke on the condition of anonymity .
“ We laid out the asset purchase plan and we ’re following it .
That is going to have some affect on various interest rates , but together with a hundred other things .
So I do n’t think we should be chasing a long - term interest rate , ” the official said .
It ’s the same message as Friday .
The Fed does not want to spook the world into thinking that it ca n’t push long term rates down , so it says it is not trying .
But if rates continue to climb , a panic out of Treasury securities is a very likely scenario .
And Bernanke has only one play to force long rates back down , buy every long bond in sight , which of course is highly inflationary and puts upward pressure on rates .
How ’s that for a dilemma ?
The end of the current financial system , as we know it , may be imminent .
If you would have asked me even two weeks ago if collapse was imminent , I would have said it was highly unlikely , now I am saying it is possible .
Bernanke may be able to patch things up short - term , if he is lucky , but in the long term the U.S. financial structure is in serious trouble .
There is just too much Treasury debt that needs to be raised .
An international panic out of Treasury securities , even a slow controlled panic , means the Fed will be the major buyer .
This will ultimately mean record inflation .
And keep this in mind , we have never seen a collapse of a currency like the dollar .
Even the hyperinflation during Germany ’s Wiemar Period can not serve as an example .
Since the dollar is the reserve currency of most of the world , a panic out of the dollar means more dollars will return to the U.S. shores than any country has ever experienced .
Other countries have had collapsed currencies , but never in the history of world of finance has so much currency been held outside a country of issue that could come flying back , almost on a moments notice .
If the panic out of the dollar starts , even if Bernanke stops printing money ( unlikely ) , all the dollars flying back into the U.S. could cause a huge price inflation all on its own .
It ’s astonishing what a difference 15 months makes .
That ’s how long it ’s been since we last built a gaming rig for $ 800 .
Since then , the price war between AMD ’s ATI division and Nvidia has become a pyre upon which Nvidia ’s profits have been sacrificed .
AMD ’s CPU group and Intel have duked it out , too , with the low and midrange of the processor lines undergoing a price war .
Meanwhile , the price of storage and memory has also plummeted .
About the only thing that has n’t dropped much is the cost of the case and power supply .
That all means that this year ’s edition of the $ 800 gaming PC comes pretty close to being a no - compromises system , particularly if you ’re running on a 20 - or 22 - inch , 1680 ×1050 display .
As with all our recommended configurations , we ’ve built and tested the system .
The system does not include a mouse , keyboard , or display .
You probably already have that gear .
All the components work together .
Prices are the best we could find at a given moment in time through Internet shopping sources , and prices may vary when you check them .
Also , we do n’t take into account shipping charges and sales tax , as those can vary widely .
Note that we do include the price of the operating system .
If you ’re willing to take a ( slight ) risk , and use the freely downloadable Windows 7 release candidate , you can either save $ 100 or add some beefier components .
As with all our systems , if you do n’t completely agree with our component choices , that ’s fine — consider this a working template for the system you want to build .
With these notes in mind , let ’s look at the system .
Continued …
Photo : www.allday.ru
The Russian federal budget has so far received 1.1532 trillion rubles ( $ 365.2 billion ) in tax revenue this year , Lenta .ru reports , citing Federal Tax Service documents .
That sum is 32.3 percent less than tax income in the same period of last year .
Meanwhile , tax debts have grown this year , for the first time in four years .
Unpaid taxes increased by 88 billion rubles ( $ 2.79 billion ) , or 7 percent , in the first quarter and reached 1.3 trillion rubles ( $ 411.7 billion ) , after which the government issued special instructions to step up tax collection .
Value - added tax accounts for 41 % of Russian federal tax receipts .
It is followed by mineral tax , which contributes 26 percent to national coffers .
Financial hardships connected with the world economic crisis are being blamed for the downturn in tax income .
Business activity has decreased , unemployment is up and tighter household budgets encourage tax evasion .
At the same time government expenses have increased due to anti-crisis measures .
Under the current version of the 2009 federal budget tax income is to total 6.7 trillion rubles ( $ 212.2 billion ) for the year .
Customs duties and fees are the other main source of state income .
As of the end of April , those payments were down 36.5 percent to 872.56 billion rubles ( $ 27.63 billion ) from last year .
Q . Why is n’t my dishwasher cleaning my dishes ?
A. Most people who open a dishwasher to find plates caked with yesterday ’s pasta blame the dishwasher .
But the machine is usually not at fault .
“ Pre-rinsing dishes is a big mistake , ” said John Dries , a mechanical engineer and the owner of Dries Engineering , an appliance design consulting company in Louisville , Ky .
“ People assume that the dishwasher will perform better if you put in cleaner dishes , and that ’s not true .
Just scrape .
Pre-rinsing with hot water is double bad , because you ’re pumping water and electricity down the drain . ”
It ’s actually triple bad , according to Mike Edwards , a senior dishwasher design engineer at BSH Home Appliances in New Bern , N.C. “ Dishwasher detergent aggressively goes after food , ” Mr. Edwards said , “ and if you do n’t have food soil in the unit , it attacks the glasses , and they get cloudy , ” a process known as etching that can cause permanent damage .
It ’s also important not to use too much detergent , he said .
How much do you need ?
That depends on how much food soil there is , he said , not how many dishes .
“ If you have a light load , ” he said , “ do n’t fill the detergent cup all the way . ”
Earlier today , Studio Liverpool issued a phantom update to their popular PSN racing game , [ shal ] Wipeout HD [ / shal ] .
This update brings the game up to 1.40 status , but leaves no mention of why the patch was implemented or what improvements it brings to the game .
Thankfully , Paul Tweedle from [ shal ] Studio Liverpool [ / shal ] has the official word on this update :
“ It fixes the annoying stutter during online races , which I ’m sure will please you all .
We have had the fix internally for a while now but every patch has to go through a lengthy QA process which I ’m sure you can understand .
Thanks for your patience and for playing , see you online . ”
Massive props to Studio Liverpool for getting this patch out .
[ Source ]
Are you afraid of bridges ?
I would n’t blame you if you were .
While most bridges we see and travel across on a regular basis are soundly engineered and reasonably safe , not all bridges are alike .
Bridges go far beyond the sturdy structures you drive across each day .
And some of the world ’s most dangerous bridges ( not to mention scariest - looking ones ) were intended for foot traffic .
That ’s what we ’re going to explore here .
But more specifically , we ’re going look at hanging foot bridges — you know , the kind that leave you dangling above a rushing river , gorge , or some other bit of nature you would n’t want to come face to face with on a fall .
Before we take a look at some of the most dangerous bridges in the world , let ’s explore some of the basics about these rope - style hanging bridges .
A Bit of Background on Rope Hanging Bridges
When you think of rope hanging bridges , what do you picture ?
One or two ropes like the makeshift bridges a young scout might set up on a camping trip ?
Or something more elaborate ?
Neither is right nor wrong .
Hanging bridges come in a vast array of sizes and styles .
Some are n’t even made with ropes .
They might be made from vines or even tree roots .
One thing these bridges have in common is that they ’re primarily utilitarian .
Rope bridges have been used throughout history to simplify travel .
Herders would move their flocks from one plateau to another across them .
Ancient peoples would connect their cliff - side villages with them .
In the case of the old Incan handwoven bridges showcased below , even the Spanish conquistadors used them to transport things like canons , and they marveled at the engineering feat .
If rope hanging bridges could support a cannon , they surely must be safe for you to walk across , right ?
Well , not so fast .
Keep in mind that safety is subjective .
Different rope hanging bridges were made in different ways .
Some , like the Incan bridge , have been very well maintained whereas others have been left to the elements .
Never assume by the way a bridge looks .
Do some research before exploring these or other dangerous bridges to see if they ’re still safe and in working order .
And now let ’s get to our list .
In addition to our original list of the world ’s most dangerous bridges which you can find below , we ’ve added the following three new additions to excite your imagination ( or perhaps strike a bit of fear ) .
Enjoy .
Q’eswa Chaca ( or Keshwa Chaca ) , Peru
This handwoven bridge is the last operational Incan rope bridge in existence .
It has survived this long thanks to a group of families who meticulously maintain the bridge by making repairs every year ( such as replacing support cables ) as a way of honoring their ancestors .
Kotmale Footbridge , Sri Lanka
This footbridge crosses the Kotmale Oya , a river in Sri Lanka .
There ’s something hauntingly beautiful about it despite ( or perhaps because of ) its apparent disrepair .
Vine Bridges of Iya Valley , Japan
This addition to our list is thanks to a recommendation from our readers in the comments .
Iya Valley is famous for its gorgeous mountains and the old vine bridges that span some of their valleys and rivers .
Here ’s a beautiful example of the kind of vine bridges you might encounter on a visit .
Now let ’s get to our original list of the world ’s most dangerous bridges , featuring a collection of hanging rope bridges for your enjoyment .
Note :
This post was originally published on May 11 , 2009 .
It was updated with new content and additional photographs on its currently - listed publication date .
—
In an earlier post , we have discussed some of the roads that are listed among the most dangerous in the world … for driving .
Today , we ’d like to acquaint you with some of the world ’s most dangerous bridges that are meant only for walking .
These are the so - called rope hanging bridges .
You can find a wide variety of these bridges in countries like India , Malaysia , Philippines , New Zealand , Pakistan , Nepal , as well as in the interiors of some other countries .
A bridge can prove to be dangerous for a variety of reasons ; either because it ’s very old , narrow , too high up above the land , over a quick river or if the wooden “ floor ” goes missing .
What makes them dangerous is the fact that in spite of the condition of the bridge , they have to be used ; as many a time , these pathways are the main or even the only way for the local inhabitants of a small village to reach a bigger city .
Among all the bridges , the most popular among tourists are the hanging bridges .
Let ’s take a look at some of them .
Before we start , I ’d like to make a small note that this post is not meant to be scientific or a historical fact - sheet .
The intention is to provide some entertainment in the form of a picturesque fun post that may even hold a surprise element .
If you have ever seen or been on any such bridges , let us know and we ’ll add it to the post .
Enjoy the post !
Hussaini – Borit Lake , Pakistan
Carrick - a- Rede Rope Bridge , Northern Ireland
Aiguille du Midi at the Mont Blanc Mountain , France
Taman Negara National Park Bridge , Malaysia
That ’s the world ’s longest Canopy Walkway .
Hanging Bridge of Ghasa in Nepal
Siju Hanging Bridge , India
Some Hanging Bridge in India
Hanging Bridge at Thenmala , India
Just some bridge in Philippines
Repovesi nature park Valkeala , Finland
Arenal Hanging Bridges , Costa Rica
A three kilometer hike through the Costa Rican rain forest .
There are six suspension bridges , with the largest one at just under 100 meters long and 45 meters off the ground .
Hanging Bridge in Drake Bay , Costa Rica
Hanging bridge in Bohol , Philippines
Kambadaga , a village near Pita
Hanging Bridge at Trift Glacier , Switzerland
Kakum National Park Canopy Walkway
—
Check out the series of Most Dangerous Roads in the World .
Part 2 and Part 1 of Most Dangerous Roads
We 've been watching the legal wrangling in Monticello , Minnesota for months now , since it represents in microcosm a larger struggle around the country between private ISPs and municipalities that want to begin offering high - speed Internet ( often fiber ) as a public utility .
Today brought a reminder of just how drawn - out such disputes can become as TDS Telecom filed an appeal after its complaint against the city 's new fiber network was tossed by a county judge in early October .
Drew Petersen , who heads up legislative and public relations for TDS , sees the issue as a basic encroachment of public entities into domains best served by private companies .
" As a job - producing , tax - paying company with millions of dollars invested in the state of Minnesota and the community of Monticello , we see the negative consequences of the decision reaching far beyond this specific case , " he said in a statement as the company filed an appeal with the Minnesota Court of Appeals .
“ We also believe the decision endangers the appropriate relationship between municipalities and private enterprise .
A city in competition with an existing business cannot fairly discharge its regulatory duties .
The city of Monticello would have an inevitable conflict of interest with TDS , " he added .
The company objects to Monticello 's plan to build a fiber - to - the - home network that would reach every business and home in town , would have no long - term contracts , and would be community owned .
The city would build the network using municipal bonds , which it has already sold ( the funds wait in escrow until the legal maneuvering is over ) , then offer interconnects to different ISP networks from a central access point .
TDS says that such municipal bonds may be issued for a host of projects ( sewers , stadia , playgrounds , and " homes for aged , " among others ) , and they can more generally be used to fund " other public conveniences . "
But is Internet access a " public convenience " ?
A judge said yes in early October , telling TDS that the point of Minnesota 's municipal laws are to " make a city a better place for its citizens to live . "
The fact that a fee would be charged to access the new fiber network is irrelevant ; such fees are also charged to use municipal swimming pools or subway systems or city - owned sports stadia and art galleries .
If citizens believe that a fiber - optic network is a public good ( and they do ; 74 percent of votes in a recent election supported the idea ) , they are allowed to raise money and build it .
The city 's FiberNet installation ( courtesy MonticelloFiber.com )
After the city began the process of selling bonds and building the network , TDS decided to offer fiber connections of its own .
The project is much further along than the city 's effort , since Monticello 's fiber work was delayed by the lawsuit .
Both projects will continue , which means that this small outer suburb of the Twin Cities will soon be home to not one but two fiber - optic networks .
While it waits for the bond money to be released , the city has gone ahead with construction of the fiber backbone using , of all things , its " liquor store reserve funds " to fund the buildout .
As more municipalities around the country get interested in the long - term benefits of a fully fiber network , expect plenty of attention on these sorts of important precedent cases .
As for this one , the fight 's not over yet .
Hei , denne artikkelen er over ett år gammel og kan inneholde utdatert informasjon
| || ( Dagbladet.no ) : Mens bannlysning fra samfunnet ellers er en praksis som ble forlatt i middelalderen , mener franske politikere at ulovlig fildeling er et så alvorlig lovbrudd at det kvalifiserer til utestengelse fra samfunnsfellesskapet på Internett .
FRANKRIKES NASJONALFORSAMLING
vedtok i går , med 296 mot 233 stemmer , den omstridte « Three Strikes » - loven som pålegger franske nettleverandører å gjennomføre tiltak mot kunder som fildeler , skriver News.com .
Etter tre advarsler vil kunder som fildeler piratkopiert materiale rett og slett bli stengt ute fra nettet i en periode fra to måneder til ett år , uten at det kreves en rettslig kjennelse i hvert enkelt tilfelle .
Opprettelsen av et statlig kontrollorgan og en koordinert svarteliste over fildelere skal hindre de utestengte nettbrukerne fra å skaffe seg privat nettforbindelse fra en annen leverandør .
LOVEN VIL TROLIG også ha dramatiske effekter på personvernet i Frankrike , ettersom det er vanskelig å tolke den annerledes enn at den åpner for - og nødvendiggjør - omfattende og systematisk overvåking av enkeltpersoners nettbruk .
Mens loven utvilsomt mottas med begeistring i musikk - og filmbransjen , kan det være grunn til å spørre om kampen mot piratvirksomheten egentlig er tjent med en juridisk praksis som trolig oppleves som urimelig også langt utenfor fildelernes rekker .
Er det for eksempel riktig at en hel husstand eller alle brukere bak en IP - adresse utestenges fra nettet fordi én bruker har bedrevet ulovlig fildeling ?
Skal husets datter utestenges fra å gjøre lekser på nettet fordi far er fildeler , eller mor nektes å betale regningene på nettet fordi sønnen har lastet ned musikk ulovlig ?
Skal franske familemedlemmer måtte begynne å overvåke hverandre innnfor husets fire vegger for å forsikre seg mot denne typen forviklinger ?
« THREE STRIKES » - loven bidrar til en ytterligere privatisering av rettspleien på dette området , og har i så måte klare paraleller til den hjemlige debatten om saken mot « Max Manus » - fildeleren .
Det er ikke uproblematisk at en så drastisk straffereaksjon skal kunne gjennomføres av en privat aktør , uten rettslig kjennelse .
Det samme mener EU - parlamentet , som nylig vedtok et tillegg til den såkalte telekompakken som forbyr nettopp det franske myndigheter nå har vedtatt å innføre .
Tillegget forbyr nettleverandører å frata folk nettforbindelsen uten rettslig kjennelse .
Begrunnelsen er at at å nekte en borger tilgang til internett , er å nekte borgeren adgang til det digitaliserte samfunnet , og dermed til et sett av elementære borgerrettigheter .
Rådgiver Torgeir Waterhouse i teknologibransjeorganisasjonen IKT - Norge sammenlikner en slik utestengelse fra den nettbaserte delen av samfunnet med middelalderens praksis med bannlysning , og mener loven vil virke mot sin hensikt .
GÅRSDAGENS VEDTAK i nasjonalforsamlingen kommer etter en mildt sagt forvirrende politisk behandling .
Et tilsvarende lovforslag ble først vedtatt i senatet , deretter nedstemt i nasjonalforsamlingen etter politisk mobilisering på venstresida , før det nå alts å ble framlagt på nytt og vedtatt i den samme nasjonalforsamlingen .
En siste godkjenning i sentatet og underskriften til president Nicholas Sarkozy regnes som formaliteter .
At EU nettopp har forbudt den samme praksisen , fordi man mener at borgerne skal ha det samme rettsvern på internett som ellers i samfunnet , bryr lederen i et av de største EU - landene seg altså fint lite om .
Følg meg på Twitter : Twitter.com / janomdahl
Hey Everyone !
Welcome to my little spot to talk everyday life with my awesome little maen .
Mainly though ..its just me ranting and raving . :)
Related articles fstab
udev
LVM
This article describes how to use persistent names for your block devices .
This has been made possible by the introduction of udev and has some advantages over bus - based naming .
If your machine has more than one SATA , SCSI or IDE disk controller , the order in which their corresponding device nodes are added is arbitrary .
This may result in device names like / dev/sda and / dev/sdb switching around on each boot , culminating in an unbootable system , kernel panic , or a block device disappearing .
Persistent naming solves these issues .
Note : Persistent naming has limits that are out - of - scope in this article .
For example , while mkinitcpio may support a method , systemd may impose its own limits ( e.g. FS # 42884 ) on naming it can process during boot .
This article is not relevant for LVM logical volumes as the /dev/VolumeGroupName / LogicalVolumeName device paths are persistent .
Persistent naming methods
There are four different schemes for persistent naming : by - label , by - uuid , by - id and by - path .
For those using disks with GUID Partition Table ( GPT ) , two additional schemes can be used by - partlabel and by - partuuid .
You can also use static device names by using Udev .
The directories in / dev/disk / are created and destroyed dynamically , depending on whether there are devices in them .
Note : Beware that Beware that Disk cloning creates two different disks with the same name .
The following sections describe what the different persistent naming methods are and how they are used .
The lsblk command can be used for viewing graphically the first persistent schemes :
$ lsblk -f
NAME FSTYPE LABEL UUID MOUNTPOINT sda ├─sd a1 vfat CBB6 - 24F2 / boot ├─sda2 ext4 Arch Linux 0a3407de-014b-458b-b5c1-848e92a327a3 / ├─sda3 ext4 Data b411dc99-f0a0-4c87-9e05-184977be8539 /home └─sda4 swap f9fe0b69-a280-415d-a03a-a32752370dee [ SWAP ] mmcblk0 └─mmcblk0p1 vfat F4CA -5D75
For those using GPT , use the blkid command instead .
The latter is more convenient for scripts , but more difficult to read .
# blkid
/dev/sda1 : UUID =" CBB6 - 24F2 " TYPE = " vfat " PARTLABEL = " EFI system partition " PARTUUID =" d0d0d110-0a71-4ed6-936a-304969ea36af " / dev/sda2 : LABEL=" Arch Linux " UUID =" 0a3407de-014b-458b-b5c1-848e92a327a3 " TYPE = " ext4 " PARTLABEL= " GNU / Linux " PARTUUID =" 98a81274-10f7-40db-872a-03df048df366 " / dev/sda3 : LABEL = " Data " UUID = " b411dc99-f0a0-4c87-9e05-184977be8539 " TYPE = " ext4 " PARTLABEL = " Home " PARTUUID =" 7280201c-fc5d-40f2-a9b2-466611d3d49e " / dev/sda4 : UUID = " f9fe0b69-a280-415d-a03a-a32752370dee " TYPE = " swap " PARTLABEL = " Swap " PARTUUID = " 039b6c1c-7553-4455-9537-1befbc9fbc5 b " / dev/ mmcblk0 : PTUUID =" 0003e1e5 " PTTYPE =" dos " /dev/mmcblk0p1 : UUID = " F4CA - 5D75 " TYPE = " vfat " PARTUUID = " 0003e1e5-01 "
by - label
Almost every file system type can have a label .
All your volumes that have one are listed in the / dev / disk / by - label directory .
$ ls -l / dev/disk / by- label
total 0 lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 Data -> ../../ sda3 lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 Arch\x20 Linux -> ../../sda2
Most file systems support setting the label upon file system creation , see the man page of the relevant mkfs .* utility .
For some file systems it is also possible to change the labels .
Following are some methods for changing labels on common file systems :
swap swaplabel - L " new label " / dev/ XXX using ext2/3/4 e2label /dev/XXX " new label " using btrfs btrfs filesystem label / dev / XXX " new label " using reiserfs reiserfstune -l " new label " / dev/ XXX using jfs jfs_tune - L " new label " / dev/ XXX using xfs xfs_admin - L " new label " / dev/ XXX using fat / vfat fatlabel / dev / XXX " new label " using mlabel - i / dev / XXX ::" new label " using exfat tune .
exfat - L " new label " / dev/XXX using exfatlabel / dev/ XXX " new label " using ntfs ntfslabel / dev/ XXX " new label " using udf udflabel / dev/ XXX " new label " using crypto_LUKS ( LUKS2 only ) cryptsetup config -- label = " new label " / dev/ XXX using
The label of a device can be obtained with lsblk :
$ lsblk - dno LABEL / dev/sda2
Arch Linux
Or with blkid :
# blkid -s LABEL -o value / dev/sda2
Arch Linux
Note :
The file system must not be mounted to change its label .
For the root file system this can be accomplished by booting from another volume .
Labels have to be unambiguous to prevent any possible conflicts .
Labels can be up to 16 characters long .
Since the label is a property of the filesystem , it is not suitable for addressing a single RAID device persistently .
When using encrypted containers with dm - crypt , the labels of filesystems inside of containers are not available while the container is locked / encrypted .
by - uuid
UUID is a mechanism to give each filesystem a unique identifier .
These identifiers are generated by filesystem utilities ( e.g. mkfs . * ) when the device gets formatted and are designed so that collisions are unlikely .
All GNU / Linux filesystems ( including swap and LUKS headers of raw encrypted devices ) support UUID .
FAT , exFAT and NTFS filesystems do not support UUID , but are still listed in / dev / disk / by - uuid / with a shorter UID ( unique identifier ) :
$ ls -l / dev/ disk / by- uuid /
total 0 lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 0a3407de-014b-458b-b5c1-848e92a327a3 -> ../../sda2 lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 b411dc99-f0a0-4c87-9e05-184977be8539 -> ../../sda3 lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 CBB6-24F2 -> ../../sda1 lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 f9fe0b69-a280-415d-a03a-a32752370dee -> ../../sda4 lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 F4CA - 5D75 -> ../../mmcblk0p1
The UUID of a device can be obtained with lsblk :
$ lsblk - dno UUID / dev/sda1
CBB6 -24F2
Or with blkid :
# blkid -s UUID -o value / dev/sda1
CBB6 -24F2
The advantage of using the UUID method is that it is much less likely that name collisions occur than with labels .
Further , it is generated automatically on creation of the filesystem .
It will , for example , stay unique even if the device is plugged into another system ( which may perhaps have a device with the same label ) .
The disadvantage is that UUIDs make long code lines hard to read and break formatting in many configuration files ( e.g. fstab or crypttab ) .
Also every time a volume is reformatted a new UUID is generated and configuration files have to get manually adjusted .
Tip :
In case your swap does not have an UUID assigned , you will need to reset it using the In case your swap does not have an UUID assigned , you will need to reset it using the mkswap utility .
by - id and by - path
by - id creates a unique name depending on the hardware serial number , by - path depending on the shortest physical path ( according to sysfs ) .
Both contain strings to indicate which subsystem they belong to ( i.e. pci - for by - path , and ata- for by - id ) , so they are linked to the hardware controlling the device .
This implies different levels of persistence : the by - path will already change when the device is plugged into a different port of the controller , the by - id will change when the device is plugged into a port of a hardware controller subject to another subsystem . [ 1 ]
Thus , both are not suitable to achieve persistent naming tolerant to hardware changes .
However , both provide important information to find a particular device in a large hardware infrastructure .
For example , if you do not manually assign persistent labels ( by - label or by - partlabel ) and keep a directory with hardware port usage , by - id and by - path can be used to find a particular device . [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
by - id also creates World Wide Name links of storage devices that support it .
Unlike other by - id links , WWNs are fully persistent and will not change depending on the used subsystem .
$ ls -l / dev/disk / by-id /
total 0 lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 ata-WDC_WD2500BEVT-22ZCT0_WD-WXE908VF0470 -> ../../sda lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 ata-WDC_WD2500BEVT-22ZCT0_WD-WXE908VF0470-part1 -> ../../sda1 lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 ata-WDC_WD2500BEVT-22ZCT0_WD-WXE908VF0470-part2 -> ../../sda2 lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 ata-WDC_WD2500BEVT-22ZCT0_WD-WXE908VF0470-part3 -> ../../sda3 lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 ata-WDC_WD2500BEVT-22ZCT0_WD-WXE908VF0470-part4 -> ../../sda4 lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 mmc-SD32G_0x0040006d -> ../../mmcblk0 lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 mmc-SD32G_0x0040006d-part1 -> ../../mmcblk0p1 lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 wwn-0x60015ee0000b237f -> ../../sda lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 wwn-0x60015ee0000b237f-part1 -> ../../sda1 lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 wwn-0x60015ee0000b237f-part2 -> ../../sda2 lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 wwn-0x60015ee0000b237f-part3 -> ../../ sda3 lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 wwn-0x60015ee0000b237f-part4 -> ../../sda4
$ ls -l / dev / disk / by - path /
total 0 lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 pci-0000:00:1f.2-ata-1 -> ../../sda lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 pci-0000:00:1f.2-ata-1-part1 -> ../../sda1 lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 pci-0000:00:1f.2-ata-1-part2 -> ../../sda2 lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 pci-0000:00:1f.2-ata-1-part3 -> ../../sda3 lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 pci-0000:00:1f.2-ata-1-part4 -> ../../sda4 lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 pci-0000:07:00.0- platform-rtsx_pci_sdmmc.0 -> ../../mmcblk0 lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 pci-0000:07:00.0- platform-rtsx_pci_sdmmc.0-part1 -> ../../mmcblk0p1
by - partlabel
Note :
This method only concerns disks with
This method only concerns disks with GUID Partition Table ( GPT )
GPT partition labels can be defined in the header of the partition entry on GPT disks .
This method is very similar to the filesystem labels , except the partition labels do not get affected if the file system on the partition is changed .
All partitions that have partition labels are listed in the / dev / disk / by - partlabel directory .
ls -l / dev / disk / by- partlabel /
total 0 lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 EFI\x20system\x20 partition -> ../../sda1 lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 GNU \x2 fLinux -> ../../sda2 lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 Home -> ../../sda3 lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 Swap -> ../../sda4
The partition label of a device can be obtained with lsblk :
$ lsblk - dno PARTLABEL / dev/sda1
EFI system partition
Or with blkid :
# blkid -s PARTLABEL -o value / dev/sda1
EFI system partition
Note : GPT partition labels also have to be different to avoid conflicts .
To change your partition label , you can use gdisk or the ncurses - based version cgdisk .
Both are available from the package .
See Partitioning #Partitioning tools .
According to the specification , GPT partition labels can be up to 72 characters long .
by - partuuid
Like GPT partition labels , GPT partition UUIDs are defined in the partition entry on GPT disks .
MBR does not support partition UUIDs , but Linux [ 4 ] and software using libblkid [ 5 ] ( e.g. udev [ 6 ] ) are capable of generating pseudo PARTUUIDs for MBR partitions .
The format is SSSSSSSS - PP , where SSSSSSSS is a zero - filled 32 - bit MBR disk signature , and PP is a zero - filled partition number in hexadecimal form .
Unlike a regular PARTUUID of a GPT partition , MBR 's pseudo PARTUUID can change if the partition number changes .
The dynamic directory is similar to other methods and , like filesystem UUIDs , using UUIDs is preferred over labels .
ls -l / dev/ disk / by- partuuid /
total 0 lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 0003e1e5-01 -> ../../mmcblk0p1 lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 039b6c1c-7553-4455-9537-1befbc9fbc5 b -> ../../sda4 lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 7280201c-fc5d-40f2-a9b2-466611d3d49e -> ../../sda3 lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 98a81274-10f7-40db-872a-03df048df366 -> ../../sda2 lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 10 May 27 23:31 d0d0d110-0a71-4ed6-936a-304969ea36 af -> ../../sda1
The partition UUID of a device can be obtained with lsblk :
$ lsblk - dno PARTUUID / dev/sda1
d0d0d110-0a71-4ed6-936a-304969ea36af
Or with blkid :
# blkid -s PARTUUID -o value / dev/sda1
d0d0d110-0a71-4ed6-936a-304969ea36af
Static device names with udev
See udev#Setting static device names .
Using persistent naming
There are various applications that can be configured using persistent naming .
Following are some examples of how to configure them .
fstab
See the main article : fstab # Identifying filesystems .
Kernel parameters
To use persistent names in kernel parameters , the following prerequisites must be met .
On a standard installation following the installation guide both prerequisites are met :
You are using an initramfs image that has udev in it .
For mkinitcpio , enable either the udev or systemd hook in /etc/mkinitcpio.conf
The location of the root filesystem is given by the parameter root on the kernel command line .
The kernel command line is configured from the boot loader , see Kernel parameters #Configuration .
To change to persistent device naming , only change the parameters which specify block devices , e.g. root and resume , while leaving other parameters as is .
Various naming schemes are supported :
Persistent device naming using label and the LABEL= format , in this example Arch Linux is the LABEL of the root file system .
root = " LABEL=Arch Linux "
Persistent device naming using UUID and the UUID= format , in this example 0a3407de- 014b-458b-b5c1-848e92a327a3 is the UUID of the root file system .
root=UUID=0a3407de-014b-458b-b5c1-848e92a327a3
Persistent device naming using disk id and the / dev path format , in this example wwn -0x60015ee0000b237f - part2 is the id of the root partition .
root=/ dev/disk / by-id/wwn-0x60015ee0000b237f-part2
Persistent device naming using GPT partition UUID and the PARTUUID= format , in this example 98a81274-10f7-40db-872a-03df048df366 is the PARTUUID of the root partition .
root=PARTUUID=98a81274-10f7-40db-872a-03df048df366
Persistent device naming using GPT partition label and the PARTLABEL= format , in this example GNU / Linux is the PARTLABEL of the root partition .
root = " PARTLABEL=GNU / Linux "
A class of drugs already approved as cancer treatments might also help to beat alcohol addiction .
That 's the conclusion of a discovery in flies of a gene , dubbed happyhour , that has an important and previously unknown role in controlling the insects ' response to alcohol .
Animals with a mutant version of the gene grow increasingly resistant to alcohol 's sedative effects , the research shows .
The researchers report further evidence that the gene normally does its work by blocking the so - called Epidermal Growth Factor ( EGF ) pathway .
That EGF pathway is best known for its role in cancer , and drugs designed to inhibit the EGF receptor , including erlotinib ( trade name Tarceva ) and gefitinib ( trade name Iressa ) , are FDA - approved for the treatment of non -small cell lung cancer .
Now , the researchers show that flies and mice treated with erlotinib also grow more sensitive to alcohol .
What 's more , rats given the cancer - fighting drug spontaneously consumed less alcohol when it was freely available to them .
Their taste for another rewarding beverage -- sugar water -- was unaffected .
" This is a very powerful example of how simple model organisms -- and the little fruit fly in particular -- can be used to move quickly from an unknown gene to a potential therapy for drug addiction , " said Ulrike Heberlein of the University of California , San Francisco , noting that erlotinib and gefitinib , along with other EGFR inhibitors , not only cross the blood - brain barrier in humans , but they are also well - tolerated in general .
Alcohol is one of the most popular and abused drugs in the world , the researchers said .
Therefore , a better understanding of the genetic and environmental factors that lead to its addiction would have considerable benefit for those who suffer its consequences and for society at large .
Despite the well - known effects of alcohol consumption on behavior and cognition , the underlying basis for those effects on the nervous system are still rather incomplete .
Human studies have pointed to a strong genetic component to alcoholism , but identifying the specific genes responsible has proved difficult .
Studies have also indicated that an individual 's sensitivity to alcohol intoxication acts as a predictor of future alcoholism , with a link between lower initial response and increased risk of addiction .
Therefore , Heberlein's team explained , genes and pathways involved in the acute response to alcohol can yield insight into the genetic factors contributing to the more complex process of addiction .
Earlier studies have shown that fruit flies are a useful tool for unraveling the basis for the effects of alcohol .
Several genes previously identified as playing a role in fruit flies ' alcohol response hold similar roles in mammals .
In search of more in the new study , the researchers screened mutant flies for those less sensitive to ethanol .
That screen led them to happyhour , a gene closely related to mammalian enzymes known as the Ste20 - family kinases of the GCK - 1 subfamily .
Heberlein said they still do n't know exactly how alcohol exerts its influence on the EGFR pathway or how that leads to the telltale changes in behavior that come with alcohol intoxication .
Those questions will be the subject of future investigation .
Her team is also exploring other new gene candidates that turned up in the fly screens .
She says that several of those appear to be tied to the EGFR pathway in different ways .
" It 's not yet clear how it all fits together , " she said .
" But the fact that we 've come , in an unbiased way , to molecules in the same pathway is telling us this is really , really important . "
Source : Cell Press
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. employers slashed 598,000 jobs in January , the biggest monthly loss in 34 years , and the jobless rate soared to a 16 - year peak , putting pressure on lawmakers to act quickly to counter a deepening recession .
“ The economy is just falling into oblivion and it will get worse , ” said Greg Salvaggio , vice president for trading at Tempus Consulting in Washington .
The latest bad economic news , contained in a report from the Labor Department on Friday , came as the Senate was aiming for a night - time vote on a package of measures to spur the economy that could cost $ 780 billion or more .
President Barack Obama said it was “ inexcusable and irresponsible for any of us to get bogged down in distraction and delay or politics as usual while millions of Americans are being put out of work . ”
But Republican leaders sought to trim back the package for fear of driving up U.S. budget deficits .
Last month ’s job cuts were the most severe since December 1974 , while the unemployment rate hit 7.6 percent , its highest level since September 1992 .
The jobless rate , which stood at a low 4.9 percent a year ago , has jumped a full percentage point over just the last three months .
A separate report from the Federal Reserve showed consumers reduced credit use for a third straight month in December , a sign of spending caution as jobs disappear .
Consumer credit use contracted by $ 6.6 billion in December after falling $ 11.04 billion in November , the largest monthly drop since records were started in 1943 .
HUMAN TOLL CITED
“ Today ’s grim job numbers underscore the human toll of our economic crisis and add to the overwhelming evidence for getting a recovery package to the president ’s desk fast , ” said the chairman of the congressional Joint Economic Committee , Democratic Rep. Carolyn Maloney of New York .
Many private - sector analysts agreed on the need for some action to try to slow the relentless slide in job prospects .
“ These are huge , huge declines , ” said Nigel Gault , director of U.S. economic research for Global Insight in Lexington , Massachusetts .
“ Hopefully it will concentrate some minds in the Senate so they can come to an agreement ” on a stimulus plan .
Wall Street stocks chalked up gains for a second straight day on investors hopes that lawmakers will be jolted into action to help the economy .
The blue - chip Dow Jones industrial average closed up 2.7 percent .
Prices for U.S. government debt sank , however , on worry a wave of borrowing will be needed to fund new spending .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
Economist Joel Naroff of Naroff Economic Advisors in Holland , Pennsylvania , said conditions were clearly worsening and will do so until confidence improves .
“ Firms have decided that survival is job one and if that means slashing workers , so be it , ” he said .
U.S. Commissioner of Labor Statistics Keith Hall emphasized the degree the deterioration in labor markets has gathered steam as a U.S. recession wears on .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
“ January ’s sharp drop in employment brings job losses to 3.6 million since the start of the recession in December 2007 , ” Hall said in a statement .
“ About half the decline occurred in the last three months . ”
It was the most severe consecutive string of job losses since World War Two .
MANUFACTURING SINKING
The U.S. manufacturing sector bled jobs in January at the sharpest rate in more than 26 years , shedding 207,000 workers after a loss of 162,000 in December .
The last time more factory jobs were lost in a single month was October 1982 .
An index measuring total paid hours for factory workers dropped to its lowest level since 1940 .
Construction industries dropped 111,000 jobs in January after 86,000 in December and Hall said that pace of cuts was accelerating .
Retail businesses cut another 45,000 positions after shedding 82,700 in December .
There were 121,000 job losses among professional and business services providers in January on top of 106,000 that were eliminated in December .
Only education and health services added jobs as did the government .
Analysts said there was no sign of relief on the horizon , judging from the depth and breadth of January ’s labor market plunge .
“ It is just another confirmation that we ’re are in a deep and long recession , and the bottom is not even in sight , ” said Robert MacIntosh , chief economist for Eaton Vance Management in Boston .
“ It ’s going to be a long haul . ”
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
Baking soda , by itself , has been proven to be an effective cleaning agent in the bathroom .
Baking soda combined with vinegar , however , is a more effective cleaning agent for stubborn toilet stains and mildews .
Baking soda and vinegar mixed properly can leave your toilet & bathroom sparkly and smelling clean .
What 's more it ’s cheap – which is very important for all that we do in the current economic situation– and almost effortless !
What you need :
1– 2 cups vinegar
1– 1 cup baking soda
There are actually two ways to use baking soda and vinegar in cleaning a toilet bowl .
One way is to sprinkle a 1 ½ cup of baking soda into the toilet bowl , then shower or dribble the bowl with vinegar .
Leave it for 10 to 30 minutes – check your emails , read your favorite blog or have a cup of coffee – depending on the amount of stains and mildew .
Then scour the toilet bowl with a toilet brush .
For remaining stains mixed the other half cup of baking soda with warm water and apply it to the stained area .
Then use the remaining vinegar to scrub the toilet .
Voila !
Now you have a toilet that is both clean and smells good .
Another way is to use the vinegar first .
Apply a cup of full - strength vinegar on to the toilet bowl – inside and outside – and let it settle .
Go and have a chat with your best friend , give your boyfriend a shout out or even take a nap .
After about 20 to 30 minutes , grab a toilet brush , wet it in the toilet and remove it .
Sprinkle a handful of baking soda on the toilet brush and use it to scour the toilet .
Repeat this procedure until you have cleaned the bowl .
Mixed the remaining baking soda with warm water and use the mixture to remove remaining stains and mildew , if any .
Then use the remaining vinegar to scrub the toilet .
Although both is as effective as the other , the first way will not leave the toilet and bath smelling like a vinegar plant after the first 30 minutes .
The first way is preferred by those who do not like vinegar smell that much .
Sometimes for the simplest household management problems , the simplest and most accessible household products hold the answer .
Most of the times there is no need to drive out and pick up an expensive toilet cleaning solution at the supermarket .
Streaming SIMD Extensions ( SSE )
SSE — An Overview SSE is a newer SIMD extension to the FPU registers , SSE adds a separate register space to the microprocessor .
Because of this , SSE can only be used on operating systems that support it .
Fortunately , most recent operating systems have support built in .
All versions of Windows since Windows98 support SSE , as do Linux kernels since 2.2 .
SSE was introduced in 1999 , and was also known as " Katmai New Instructions " ( or KNI ) after the Pentium III 's core codename .
SSE adds 8 new 128 - bit registers , divided into 4 32 - bit ( single precision ) floating point values .
These registers are called XMM0 - XMM7 .
An additional control register , MXCSR , is also available to control and check the status of SSE instructions .
SSE gives us access to 70 new instructions that operate on these 128 bit registers , MMX registers , and sometimes even regular 32 bit registers .
is a newer SIMD extension to the Intel Pentium III and AMD AthlonXP microprocessors .
Unlike MMX and 3DNow !
extensions , which occupy the same register space as the normalregisters , SSE adds a separate register space to the microprocessor .
Because of this , SSE can only be used on operating systems that support it .
Fortunately , most recent operating systems have support built in .
All versions of Windows since Windows98 support SSE , as do Linux kernels since 2.2.SSE was introduced in 1999 , and was also known as " Katmai New Instructions " ( or KNI ) after the Pentium III 's core codename .
SSE adds 8 new 128 - bit registers , divided into 4 32 - bit ( single precision ) floating point values .
These registers are called .
An additional control register , , is also available to control and check the status of SSE instructions .
SSE gives us access to 70 new instructions that operate on these 128 bit registers , MMX registers , and sometimes even regular 32 bit registers .
SSE — MXCSR
The MXCSR register is a 32 - bit register containing flags for control and status information regarding SSE instructions .
As of
Pnemonic Bit Location Description FZ bit 15 Flush To Zero R+ bit 14 Round Positive R- bit 13 Round Negative RZ bits 13 and 14 Round To Zero RN bits 13 and 14 are 0 Round To Nearest PM bit 12 Precision Mask UM bit 11 Underflow Mask OM bit 10 Overflow Mask ZM bit 9 Divide By Zero Mask DM bit 8 Denormal Mask IM bit 7 Invalid Operation Mask DAZ bit 6 Denormals Are Zero PE bit 5 Precision Flag UE bit 4 Underflow Flag OE bit 3 Overflow Flag ZE bit 2 Divide By Zero Flag DE bit 1 Denormal Flag IE bit 0 Invalid Operation Flag
FZ mode causes all underflowing operations to simply go to zero .
This saves some processing time , but loses precision .
The R+ , R- , RN , and RZ rounding modes determine how the lowest bit is generated .
Normally , RN is used .
PM , UM , MM , ZM , DM , and IM are masks that tell the processor to ignore the exceptions that happen , if they do .
This keeps the program from having to deal with problems , but might cause invalid results .
DAZ tells the CPU to force all Denormals to zero .
A Denormal is a number that is so small that FPU can't renormalize it due to limited exponent ranges .
They 're just like normal numbers , but they take considerably longer to process .
Note that not all processors support DAZ .
PE , UE , ME , ZE , DE , and IE are the exception flags that are set if they happen , and are n't unmasked .
Programs can check these to see if something interesting happened .
These bits are " sticky " , which means that once they 're set , they stay set forever until the program clears them .
This means that the indicated exception could have happened several operations ago , but nobody bothered to clear it .
DAZ was n't available in the first version of SSE .
Since setting a reserved bit in MXCSR causes a general protection fault , we need to be able to check the availability of this feature without causing problems .
To do this , one needs to set up a 512 - byte area of memory to save the SSE state to , using fxsave , and then one needs to inspect bytes 28 through 31 for the MXCSR_MASK value .
If bit 6 is set , DAZ is supported , otherwise , it is n't .
Theregister is a 32 - bit register containing flags for control and status information regarding SSE instructions .
As of SSE3 , only bits 0 - 15 have been defined .
mode causes all underflowing operations to simply go to zero .
This saves some processing time , but loses precision .
The , androunding modes determine how the lowest bit is generated .
Normally , is used . , andare masks that tell the processor to ignore the exceptions that happen , if they do .
This keeps the program from having to deal with problems , but might cause invalid results .
tells theto force all Denormals to zero .
A Denormal is a number that is so small thatca n't renormalize it due to limited exponent ranges .
They 're just like normal numbers , but they take considerably longer to process .
Note that not all processors support , andare the exception flags that are set if they happen , and are n't unmasked .
Programs can check these to see if something interesting happened .
These bits are " sticky " , which means that once they 're set , they stay set forever until the program clears them .
This means that the indicated exception could have happened several operations ago , but nobody bothered to clear it .
was n't available in the first version of SSE .
Since setting a reserved bit incauses a general protection fault , we need to be able to check the availability of this feature without causing problems .
To do this , one needs to set up a 512 - byte area of memory to save the SSE state to , using , and then one needs to inspect bytes 28 through 31 for thevalue .
If bit 6 is set , is supported , otherwise , it is n't .
“ The political decision - makers do not want elections , ” he added .
“ They held the elections before just to show the United States that elections would bring Islamists , who are organized and have a bloc . ”
When the government announced its plans in 2003 to allow the council elections , they were billed as part of an overall plan to edge this conservative , tradition - bound nation toward a more open system .
Crown Prince Abdullah , now the king , had included them in a broader agenda that included a formalized national dialogue , conferences at which various groups were invited to discuss national issues .
Taken together , his programs suggested an interest in fostering public participation in a process that had been the exclusive province of the royal family .
But from the very start , the councils proved to be a disappointment , fueling apathy more than interest .
“ The whole experience was a failure , ” said Hamed al - Qahtani , an architect who lives in the eastern province of Dammam .
“ The council has no legislative or executive powers ; all they can do is make proposals that get shelved . ”
The decision to delay the council elections , which had been scheduled for this year , was expected .
The government ’s statement that the delay would give it time to write a law , further opening the process of municipal elections , made no mention of allowing women to vote , which had earlier been discussed .
“ They want to grant more powers to these councils and expand the electoral process so that the elected portion would be wider and bigger , ” said Anwar Majid Eshki , director of the Middle East Center for Strategic and Legal Studies , which is based in Saudi Arabia .
“ This is considered a good step for the local councils , and that ’s why they extended for two years . ”
King Abdullah is popular and has taken what are considered bold moves to try to speed reconciliation between modernity and his ultra-religious , traditional nation .
He has ousted from power some major conservative figures , and he appointed the first female deputy minister .
While he has absolute authority , he still must rule by consensus within the family , and there are forces that oppose his actions .
Liberals need to call out the New Far - Left .
It ’s not ‘ siding with Trump ’ .
The radical ideas of Marcuse and Foucault are threatening the Enlightenment vision of justice , and we cannot stay silent any longer .
This is a blog for us upper class people to air our grievances .
Those other sites just ignore our problems , probably because we are white / rich / snobby .
That seems unfair .
Just because we lead a life of luxury and excess does n’t mean we ca n’t sometimes run into aminuscule bumps along the way .
I mean , hello – we are n’t Oprah .
please send any new fmbls to fmbemail@gmail.com – we will try to keep this updated frequently so that you can commiserate with us .
JUNE 24 -- Meet Lahoma Sue Smith .
The Oklahoma woman , 36 , copped a plea last week to a prostitution charge for accepting a box of Frito - Lay chips in exchange for oral sex .
According to an Oklahoma City Police Department report , Faron Ray Johnson told cops that he informed Smith that he did not have any money , but that she ' agreed to give him a ' blow job ' meaning oral sex , for a box of chips . '
Johnson , a Frito - Lay employee , provided Smith with a case of chips he valued at $ 30 .
Following her February arrest , Smith , pictured in the mug shot at left , told police that she had a few prior prostitution busts .
At her sentencing last week , Smith was ordered to pay a $ 1142 fine .
Last July , with gasoline prices climbing , a Kentucky woman was arrested for accepting a $ 100 gasoline card in exchange for sexual favors .
( 3 pages )
The U.S. is “ tearing Pakistan apart ” out of pique , said Eric Margolis in the Toronto Sun , and it could easily spark a major war .
Angered by their inability to stem the rise of the Taliban , which is mostly ethnic Pashtun , the Americans are taking out their frustration on the Pashtun tribes in Pakistan .
“ CIA drone aircraft ” are bombing the Pashtuns in the tribal areas , killing women and children by the hundreds .
Washington ’s insistence that the Pakistani military join the fight against the Pashtuns has already resulted in an “ atrocity ” in the Swat Valley , where more than a million people fled their homes .
These “ ham - handed policies ” may well cause the Pashtuns to secede , joining with Pashtuns in Afghanistan to form Pashtunistan — at which point Pakistan ’s Baloch people would also secede .
If the U.S. keeps “ acting like an enraged mastodon , trampling Pakistan underfoot , ” the country “ could end up like U.S. - occupied Iraq , split into three parts and helpless . ”
Some notes on Fedora and Mono
From : Rahul Sundaram < sundaram fedoraproject org >
To : For discussions about marketing and expanding the Fedora user base < fedora - marketing - list redhat com >
Subject : Some notes on Fedora and Mono
Date : Tue , 23 Jun 2009 14:08:05 +0530
-------- Original Message -------- From : Rahul Sundaram To : : Chris < chris AT linuxactionshow.com > , bryan AT linuxactionshow.com , Hubert Figuiere < hub AT figuiere.net >
Hi Bryan and Chris , I had a chance to hear your commentary or more of a rant on Mono and Fedora .
http://www.jupiterbroadcasting.com/?p=876
As the maintainer of Gnote in Fedora , I think I should add a few clarifications and correct some factual inaccuracies in your podcast .
In about 1:20 hrs , Bryan adds a comment that Gnote cannot import Tomboy notes .
This is completely incorrect .
Gnote and Tomboy use the same file format and Gnote in 0.5 version even has a plugin to import Tomboy notes on the first run .
It would have been trivial to verify this for yourself .
On the size issue - Tomboy and F - Spot has been default in Fedora for quite sometime .
However from Fedora 10 onwards , it has n't been in the * Live CD * because of space constraints and none of the Mono apps would be installed by default if you install via the Live CD .
Since Gnote is written in C++ and the dependencies related to that including the gtkmm packages were already in the Live CD due to other applications , including Gnote by default in the Live CD is more easier .
Installation via DVD images does n't have the same constraints and can have a different set of defaults .
The release notes draft for Fedora 12 Beta published early , already has all this information https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Fedora_12_Beta_release_notes#GNOME_2.28
Before painting a broad stroke and accusing developers of lying or being incompetent , it would be better to contact them and get a direct opinion to cover the full story .
Adobe Flash - I have heard no one in Fedora claiming that Red Hat Legal is looking into it .
It simply is n't included because Fedora does n't include any proprietary applications .
I think comparing the decision to include or exclude any particular application , by default or otherwise to DRM is over the top as well .
I came across a blog post at http://the-gay-bar.com/index.php?/archives/314-Linux-Action-Show-Season-10,-Episode-7-Cleaning-up-the-mess/ which conveys what I wanted to say about that .
As of now , Fedora continues to include the latest Mono applications in the repository .
It was a long podcast and I could add more clarifications but suffice to say that you both went high on emotions and low on facts .
Next time , you are n't sure of the details about anything related to Fedora , feel free to contact us and we can help you understand why we make the decisions we do .
Thank you for your time .
Rahul
More tips from thoughtbot about using vim , but this time with an emphasis on fitting it into your life .
To copy and paste from your PRIMARY ( on OS X , your clipboard ) you use the * register .
For example , to paste from something you ’ve copied elsewhere use " * p and to copy the current line into your system - wide buffer use " *yy .
For those of us with both a PRIMARY and a CLIPBOARD , the * register is the PRIMARY and the + register is the CLIPBOARD .
You can fullscreen MacVim to block out other distractions with : set fuoptions =maxvert , maxhorz and then : set fullscreen .
You can get back with : set nofullscreen
Converts from IDEs such as Visual Studio like Nick might miss a file explorer for your project .
Luckily , NERDTree comes to the rescue .
Packed with plenty of good shortcuts , this helpful plugin saves
Nick a lot of time when a simple :e or using the :R macros in rails .vim just wo n’t cut it .
While Jason blogged about integrating
Ack into vim before , here ’s a handy shell script to open a new vim with search results from the command line .
editor=$ {VISUAL :- vim} if [ " $ # " = " 1 " ] ; then $ editor -c " / $ 1 " $ ( grep -l $ 1 **/*) elif [ " $ # " = " 2 " ] ; then $ editor -c " / $ 1 " $ ( grep -l $ 1 $ 2 ) else $ editor $ ( grep - l $ @ ) fi
Save that as vg then , to open all files that mention current_user from the command line run : vg current_user
You see that weird piece of code ?
Who checked that in ?!
Why is it even there ?!
Add these to your .vimrc to get the quick blame for any highlighted lines ( \b for svn , \g for git , and \h for Mercurial ) :
vmap < Leader > b :< C - U >!
svn blame < C - R >= expand ( " % : p " ) < CR > \ | sed - n < C - R >= line ( " ' < " ) < CR >,< C - R >= line ( " ' > " ) < CR > p < CR > vmap < Leader > g :< C - U >!
git blame < C - R >= expand ( " % : p " ) < CR > \ | sed - n < C - R >= line ( " ' < " ) < CR >,< C - R >= line ( " ' > " ) < CR > p < CR > vmap < Leader > h :< C - U >!
hg blame - fu < C - R >= expand ( " % : p " ) < CR > \ | sed - n < C - R >= line ( " ' < " ) < CR >,< C - R >= line ( " ' > " ) < CR > p < CR >
Exuberant ctags is a program that scans source files for keywords and supports many languages , including Ruby .
Jumping to a defined tag is much faster and easier than searching for it in your project using Ack or Grep , and Vim integrates with ctags nicely .
You can create a tags file using the ctags command ( run ctags -- help for options ) , but if you ’re using the excellent rails .vim plugin by Tim Pope , you can run the : Rtags command from Vim .
Running this command only takes a moment , and will generate a tags file containing all the keywords and locations in your project .
Note that you ’ll have to regenerate your tags file using the same command for it to pick up new keywords .
Once you have a tags file , you can jump to a tag by using the : tag command :
: tag ensure_user_is_admin
Or by pressing Ctrl+ ] when the cursor is over a keyword .
If there is more than one match for a tag , you can use : tn ( next tag ) , : tp ( previous tag ) , and :ts ( select from a list ) to navigate through matches .
Again , this is much faster than searching .
Another benefit of using ctags is that you can use it for tab completion .
I find that tab completion becomes unusably slow in a large project if you ’re finding keywords from open buffers , but you can tell Vim to only use the current file and ctags when finding keywords :
: set complete= . , t
Completion results with this setting are instantaneous .
Contributions by Jon Yurek , Nick Quaranto , and Joe Ferris .
For those of you who are interested in using or trying Microsoft development tools , I ’m happy to report that Visual Studio 2010 Beta 1 is now available .
If you ’re interested in :
Remember this is just a beta and not intended for production use , but there ’s a lot of cool stuff to play around with and it should run fine side - by - side with VS2008 .
Feedback via forums or filing a bug / suggestion is always appreciated .
Enjoy !
Millions of people have been condemned to live under " social apartheid " by 30 years of poor housing policies , a damning report on council estates will say this week .
The 107 - page report , to be published on Friday , condemns successive governments for pushing poorer people into what it condemns as " social concentration camps " set away from private housing , jobs and shops .
Children born on such estates are more likely to end up unemployed , suffer mental health problems and die younger than their counterparts in private housing , says the study by the Fabian Society .
Most damningly for the Government , it concludes that pledges by the then Prime Minister Tony Blair to end " no - go areas " and close of the gap between rich and poor have ended in failure .
The report , entitled
In the Mix , finds that by concentrating council housing in estates set apart from the wider community , successive governments have produced a situation where living in social housing is not just a sign of poverty but a cause in itself .
It is blunt in assessing Britain 's housing policy as " nothing short of disastrous " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
According to the Fabians , children bought up in social housing now have far fewer life chances than half a century ago , because they are concentrated on increasingly ghettoised estates .
Those born after 1970 in council homes are twice as likely to suffer from mental health problems than those born in 1946 in public housing , 11 times more likely to be unemployed and not in training or education , and nine times more likely to live in a household where nobody has a job .
The gulf between those left stranded on these estates and rich or even middle - income families is wider now than it was 30 years ago .
In England and Wales , the average electoral ward is 16 per cent public housing , but in the poorest wards that figure rises to 70 per cent or more .
By splitting up those living in public and private housing , successive governments have fostered suspicion towards those who live on council estates .
Research for the study found that a third of those polled felt people living on council estates had " nothing in common with them " , and 60 per cent of those believed that mixed housing would be a bad idea .
It concludes that segregated estates have had a devastating effect on social mobility .
" There is nothing inevitable about this correlation between housing and disadvantage .
It has been caused by political and institutional processes – and such processes can be arrested and altered . "
The London Borough of Islington is widely considered the essence and epicentre of New Labour .
It also illustrates the national gulf between rich and poor .
The Andover estate , one of the biggest in the country , has now become a byword for deprivation , with high rates of unemployment and ongoing problems with drugs and crime .
Tina Baillie , 41 , first moved to the estate in north Islington when she was 11 , and lives there with her three children , Rick , 18 , Abbi , four , and Vinny , two .
Her boyfriend is in prison and she says she has been out of work for " quite a while " now .
Her hopes for her children are simple and informed entirely by the cycle of unemployment on the estate .
" What do I hope they do ?
Work . "
Although fiercely defensive of its residents , she blames the estate in large part for her life as it is now .
" I wanted to do everything when I was younger : air hostess , modelling , the lot .
But what am I doing ?
Fuck all !
I 'd move off tomorrow if I could : get a house and be somewhere different .
But my kids love it and it's what I 've got . "
The struggle to get work can often simply be a product of coming from a certain estate : tenants living there become stigmatised , often having trouble finding work simply because of the postcode they live in .
Deborah Murphy is already terrified that her children will get stuck in the cycle of boredom , crime and unemployment that mars so many within .
The 49 - year - old , unemployed for several years , shares a small flat with her daughter Keshia , 18 , and her four - year - old son Casey .
" It 's hard to make something of yourself here , " she says .
" I do n't want my son to be here when he 's 18 or 19 because there 's nothing here .
It 's hard to get a job : if they find out what estate you 're from when you apply it 's really hard . "
Andrea Assanah , 29 , has brought up her nine - year - old son Bradley on the Andover estate , but she spent her childhood on a mixed street of houses .
" I would have loved that for my son , " she said , " but I had to take what I could when this place came along .
There is definitely a better sense of community on a street and you feel less cut off . "
The Liberal Democrat leader , Nick Clegg , said : " One of the saddest failings of the Labour Government has been its failure to really shift the life chances of Britain 's poorest children .
The Government has not only allowed social housing to wither on the vine , it has allowed the gap between the richest and the poorest in our country to turn into a chasm .
It is a betrayal of everything the Labour Party was supposed to stand for . "
The shadow housing minister , Grant Shapps , agrees : " This report lifts the lid on the devastating impact of a failed housing policy that has led to an increasingly ghettoised social divide .
This is bad for those directly disadvantaged and for society because it simply wastes lives . "
But a spokesman for the Communities and Local Government Department said : " No government has done more to tackle deprivation ...
This Government brought in major changes to planning policy last April which means councils must ensure a proper mix of housing to meet local needs . "
The guy 's standing there , half out of it , watching us , pretending not to .
He 's dressed for housebreaking ( sneakers , backpack ) but this hardly registers .
Our rear lane , heritage - listed , has its peak and its off - peak .
But the junkies are always there , supplicant at the gate of the local heroin dynasty , and most of them dress for work .
Occasionally , when the congregation gets too , too obvious , the dynastic matriarch waves her broom , shooing them off like a bunch of chooks , whereupon they , disappointed , disperse to look for sources of income .
Us , for example .
It 's Sunday arvo and we take our time , loading the car - which , as it happens , is new - with kids and dog , a ball for throwing , bags for collecting pine cones .
It 's bin night , so we put the wheelie bin in the back lane while we 're at it .
" See you around the front , " I say , oblivious to extraneous ears , then withdraw through the house , locking back gate , back door , front door , in that order .
Our 19 - year - old is home , simulating study , but we lock up anyway , because what kind of reality can compete with TV , iTunes and Facebook in parallel ?
Two hours later , we arrive home and said teen is downstairs cooking something nourishing like carrot consomme .
She is noticeably underdressed for winter , especially considering the back door is wide open .
" See what someone did to the door ? " she mutters into the potage , scarcely interested .
" It 's broken . "
Her tone says the children have been destructive , again .
We inspect , mystified since the glass is clearly intact , find the bolt wrenched and gaping .
Yet more sinister , unsheathed on the outside table lies a 30 - centimetre bone - handled hunting knife that lives inside .
Sixty seconds on we know the ghastly truth .
Someone has vaulted from the wheelie bin over the back fence , jemmied the door and , in relaxed and methodical manner , ransacked the entire downstairs , escaping with tens of thousands of dollars in professional camera and computer equipment ; photos , business records , software , bank details , the lot .
Also gone are the spare car keys , with remote - and we know he knows which car .
Japan is already Pakistan 's biggest aid donor
Japanese Prime Minister Taro Aso has pledged up to $ 1bn ( £ 670 m ) in aid to Pakistan , after talks with President Asif Ali Zardari in Tokyo .
Mr Aso said Pakistan 's stability was important for the region and that of the international community .
Mr Zardari thanked Japan for supporting Pakistan 's " fight against terrorism " .
The pair were speaking on the eve of a donor conference hosted by the World Bank and Japan , which it is hoped will raise $ 6bn in loans and grant aid .
Almost 30 donor countries are to meet on Friday to pledge funds for the next two years .
The BBC's Roland Buerk in Tokyo says delegates will want to hear Pakistan 's commitment to economic reforms and progress in its fight against an increasingly formidable Islamist insurgency .
Pakistan is also to outline its strategies to a separate ministerial - level session of the " Friends of Democratic Pakistan " , which includes the US , Japan , China and Saudi Arabia .
Fighting terrorism
Our correspondent says Pakistan is critical to the United States ' hopes of stabilising Afghanistan , by defeating militants on both sides of the border .
Many Taleban fighters operate from Pakistan 's lawless north - west .
Militant groups have carried out suicide attacks and are increasingly challenging the writ of the state .
Pakistan narrowly averted a balance of payments crisis last year when it secured a loan of $ 7.6 bn from the International Monetary Fund .
There is concern an economic meltdown in nuclear - armed Pakistan could fuel popular support for extremism .
Speaking in Tokyo , Pakistan 's foreign minister said his country wanted a political expression of solidarity and support for its role as a frontline state fighting terrorism .
* Fortune buys Effen for undisclosed sum
* Deal gives Fortune a high - end vodka after losing Absolut
* Third owner for Effen in just a few months
* Fortune shares fall less than 1 percent ( Adds details on brand history and size , stock activity )
CHICAGO , June 23 ( Reuters ) - Fortune Brands Inc FO.N said on Tuesday it acquired the Effen Vodka brand , adding a super premium liquor to its lineup months after losing the rights to sell Absolut Vodka in the United States .
Financial terms of the deal with Sazerac Co Inc were not disclosed .
As part of the deal , Fortune sold the Old Taylor whiskey brand and inventory to Sazerac .
The move comes after Pernod Ricard PERP .
PA bought Sweden 's V&S and took full control over brands including Absolut last year , putting an end to a distribution pact that included Fortune .
Fortune 's Beam Global Spirits &
Wine division will be the third home for Effen in just a few months .
In March , Constellation Brands Inc STZ.N sold Effen and some other spirits brands to Sazerac .
A spokeswoman for New Orleans - based Sazerac declined to comment on why the company chose to sell Effen .
Effen is produced in Holland and was named after the Dutch word for smooth , Fortune said .
Effen ’s products include black cherry vodka and the line sells for about $ 25 to $ 30 per 750 ml bottle , making it a higher - priced brand than Absolut .
Effen will be a relatively small addition to Beam ’s portfolio , with annual sales of more than 60,000 cases .
Beam ’s largest and best - known brand , Jim Beam bourbon , sells about 6 million cases per year .
Its other brands include VOX vodka .
Effen has annual net sales of about $ 10 million with distribution concentrated in Chicago , Southern California and parts of Florida .
Fortune said it aims to expand Effen into other U.S. markets and internationally .
Shares of Fortune Brands slipped 0.9 percent to $ 32.56 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
( Reporting by Jessica Wohl , editing by Leslie Gevirtz and Tim Dobbyn )
Photo : www.auto.oboz.ua
Just one month after undergoing a penis enlargement surgery , a patient of a Moscow plastic surgery clinic has asked the doctors to restore the original size of his penis .
In February the 40 - years - old man , identified as Konstantin F. , came to the clinic complaining he was too small , Life .ru website reports Monday .
The man wanted to add an extra two - thirds to his penis and get 25 cm ( 9.8 inches ) instead of his 15 cm ( 5.9 inches ) .
The doctors tried to persuade the patient that his penis was ideally sized , warned that he may be unhappy with the results of the surgery , and even showed him a life - sized replica of a 25 - cm male organ .
But the man stood his ground and demanded the operation .
The surgery was completed in two sessions , and happy Konstantin returned home almost twice as large as he used to be .
But in just one month he was back at the clinic again , this time asking to undo the enlargement .
“ He said no woman wants to be with him anymore , ” Life .ru quoted one of the doctors as saying .
“ He came here several times , begged us for new surgery , swore he would never be so stupid again . ”
However it will take six to eight months before a second surgery can be performed .
“ If there was a surgery to enlarge brains , we would offer him a free trial , ” the doctor said .
It 's official : the only thing certain in this world is taxes .
That 's because death , for a tiny sea creature , is not inevitable .
Turritopsis nutricul , a jellyfish - like hydrazoan , is the only animal known to be potentially immortal .
Once it reaches sexual maturity , Turritopsis looks like a tiny , transparent , many - tentacled parachute ( only about 5 mm in diameter ) that floats freely in warm ocean waters .
But when times get tough , Turritopsis can turn into a blob , anchor itself to a surface , and undergo a sort of reverse methamorphosis back to its youthful form as a stalk - like polyp .
That 's like a butterfly turning back into a caterpillar .
Scientists , who first described this phenomenon [ pdf ] in the 1990s , believe Turritopsis can repeat its life cycle indefinitely .
The trick to Turritopsis ' infinite do - overs is a process called transdifferentiation , which turns one type of cell into another .
While other animals can undergo limited transdifferentiation to regenerate organs ( salamandars can regrow limbs , for example ) , Turritopsi is the only one that can regenerate its entire body .
Not surprisingly , the immortal Turritopsi are spreading .
Native to the Caribbean oceans , Turritopsi have now been identified in waters near Spain , Italy , Japan , and the Atlantic side of Panama .
Even though specimens from different locations have different numbers of tentacles ( from 8 to 24 ) , genetic tests confirm that they are of the same species .
Researchers believe the creatures are criss - crossing the oceans by hitchhiking in the ballast tanks of large ships .
Related Content : DISCOVER : Immortality , One Cell at a Time DISCOVER : How to Grow a New Limb 80 beats : Jellyfish Taking Over World 's Oceans ; Shutting Down Nuclear Power PlantsImage : Maria Pia Miglietta
Few digital wristwatches feature a cutting - edge e-paper display technology .
This technology uses e-paper , designed to simulate the appearance of ink on a conventional paper , and provided only black and white colors so far .
This has changed as Filmatic II entered the gadget scene .
With this watch you are getting first ever gold on grey e-paper display , along with classic black and white options .
Like with all digital paper watches , Filmatic II needs less energy and stays bright even in daylight .
The design is also something to marvel at .
The bracelet - like gadget looks beautifully streamlined with a thickness of unbelievable 6.5 mm !
While O.M.D. is not specifically promoting Filmatic II as a gadget for women , hi-tech fashionistas are obviously going to love it .
What ’s more , the watch seems to come in only one size , and you can bet it fits a female wrist just right .
Source of the images : ladiesgadgets.com .
Mother of Triplets , Leanne SaltI hope that due to the publicity of the story by James Tozer this morning on www.dailymail.co.uk about British mother of triplets , Leanne Salt , that nutritional advisors might be able to persuade her to adopt healthier eating habits for her and her babies .
The path they are headed down now certainly shocked and worried me upon reading the story .
Leanne , a 24 - year - old , weighed 560 pounds ( 40 stone ) at the time she gave birth to her triplets ; daughters Deanna and Daisy , and son Finlee , last August .
When they were born , it took a team of 68 medical professionals and a specially - built operating table for the C - Section procedure ; resulting in a hospital bill of $ 292,000 ( around £ 200,000 ) .
She now weighs 420 pounds ( 30 stone ) and just revealed that she feeds the children junk food , like fish and chips and McDonald 's meals .
In Tozer 's piece , she admits , " They were six months old when they had their first McDonald's .
They had chicken nuggets and chips and loved it . "
Then went onto say , " They like fish and chips too , but I take the batter off the fish , so I guess that 's healthy . "
Babies at their age should eat around 765 calories a day , but according to Salt , the babies consume approximately 1,249 calories a day , nearly double the recommended amount .
She says , " I feed my babies vegetables every Sunday , and a lot of the baby food I give them has fruit in it .
The health visitor told me off for giving them Smash because it has too much salt in , but it 's difficult to know what to feed them sometimes . "
It seems that Leanne desperately needs advice and help in learning about healthy nutritional choices , for not only herself but her three little ones .
Eating habits are tricky to break and the sooner they adopt a more healthy regime , the better for them all .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Facing mounting budget deficits and seeing few areas left to cut spending , states increasingly are turning to the only option they have left : raising taxes .
Though public officials are loath to do this , particularly during a recession , many governors are increasing personal income taxes , raising corporate income taxes , hiking cigarette and gas taxes , or broadening sales taxes .
Already , 16 states have taken this unpopular step this fiscal year , and another 17 have proposed tax hikes for the coming year , according to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities , a policy group .
In many cases , they are making small increases in specific taxes , rather than imposing a broad rate hike .
" The question is n't whether to raise taxes , it 's which taxes to raise , " said Linda Bilmes , professor of public finance at Harvard 's Kennedy School of Government .
Wealthier residents in Hawaii are now paying higher personal income taxes .
The state increased the tax rate to 11 % for single filers earning more than $ 200,000 and couples making more than $ 400,000 , while also raising levies on hotel accommodations and real estate purchases .
Smokers in Rhode Island , meanwhile , now pay the highest state tobacco taxes in the nation , forking over an additional $ 1 for a total of $ 3.46 in state levies per pack .
California , where voters Tuesday defeated several budget measures , has already increased sales taxes by one percentage point and state income taxes by a quarter point .
Now , Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger says he has to make even deeper cuts to the state budget to close a $ 21.3 billion shortfall .
States are looking at budget shortfalls exceeding $ 350 billion over the next two and a -half years , according to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities .
While federal stimulus money is expected to close about 40 % of the gaps , governors will have to take additional steps , which likely will include more spending cuts and tax increases .
" There 's really no way to balance the budget in a reasonable way without looking at the tax side , " said Nick Johnson , director of the center 's state fiscal project .
" These states are looking for balanced solutions that are n't all about cuts , cuts , cuts . "
A 50 % proposed tax hike
In one of the more extreme measures , Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn has proposed a 50 % increase in state personal income and corporate taxes .
He 's struggling to close a nearly $ 11.6 billion budget gap for fiscal 2010 .
The governor wants to increase the personal income tax rate to 4.5 % , up from the current 3 % , and the corporate tax rate to 7.2 % , up from 4.8 % now .
To offset some of the spike , the personal exemption would triple to $ 6,000 .
The hike would bring in an additional $ 2.8 billion in personal income tax revenue and $ 350 million in corporate taxes .
Without this revenue , Illinois might have to let out 6,000 prisoners early and lay off half the state troopers , among other spending cuts , said Quinn , who took office in January after former Gov. Rod Blagojevich was removed .
" If we do n't use the public revenue of Illinois to help rescue our state economy , we 're going to continue in hard times , " Quinn said in a speech Monday .
" It will take a significant toll on the people of Illinois if we do n't raise the revenue ... to pay the bills , to make sure our state no longer has a deficit of nearly $ 12 billion . "
More tax increases on the way
After enacting several tax increases affecting mainly corporations earlier this year , Wisconsin Gov. Jim Doyle is now turning to the residents .
Facing a $ 6.6 billion gap for the 2010 - 2011 budget , the governor has proposed a one percentage point increase in the tax rate of individuals earning more than $ 225,000 and couples earning more than $ 300,000 .
The highest rate would grow to 7.75 % , bringing in an estimated $ 312 million over the life of the two - year budget .
Also , Doyle wants to decrease the amount of capital gains excluded from tax to 40 % , down from 60 % , which would bring in nearly $ 181 million .
Finally , the governor proposed increasing the state 's cigarette tax by 75 cents to $ 2.52 a pack .
This would boost state revenue by $ 291 million .
In February , Doyle enacted several measures , including increasing taxes on companies with multistate operations and requiring buyers of business software to pay sales taxes .
These measures are expected to bring in more than $ 280 million , according to David Schmiedicke , the state 's budget director .
Even with all these tax increases , the state will still have to make $ 2.2 billion in cuts over the next two years .
Without them , the pullback would be even worse .
" If not for these targeted revenue increases , the cuts would have to be much deeper to schools , to our university system and to funding for our local police and fire departments , " Schmiedicke said .
Tax hikes during recessions
Raising taxes during a recession is nothing new , though states usually strive to balance budgets by cutting spending first .
During the recession of the early 1990s , 44 states raised taxes , adding more than $ 25 billion to the coffers between 1990 and 1993 , according to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities .
Some 26 states increased personal or corporate income taxes , while 37 raised sales or excise taxes .
Earlier this decade , some 30 states raised taxes , increasing revenue by $ 18.6 billion between 2001 and 2004 , the center found .
Ten raised personal income taxes , while 16 lifted levies on businesses .
Some 16 increased either the sales tax rate or broadened the base of services and goods covered by it .
And 29 raised excise taxes on cigarettes and alcohol .
More tax increases are likely as states continue to struggle with the economic downturn , especially since state revenues usually do n't recover until 12 to 18 months after the national economy turns around .
" Based on the severity of this recession , the tax measures could get larger , more expensive and more extensive , " Johnson said .
Cricket " purists , " for want of a better dirty word , are constantly being told it is time for them to wrap themselves in old army blankets , lie under the stars and await their admission to that happy hunting ground where their heroes do not dress up in pyjamas and lunge , with extreme predictability and ugliness , at almost every ball bowled in their direction .
However , the suggestion has rarely been as compelling , surely , as on Sunday , when England beat Pakistan in a Twenty20 match of such banality it was quite often hard to look .
The late Harold Pinter once declared , " Cricket is the greatest thing that God ever created on earth . "
It was n't on this occasion .
It seemed more like evolution in reverse .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Twenty20 contrives its thrills in a crayon - drawn format so pre-ordained , so soul - grindingly repetitive , that its defenders declare it foolproof , but then what happens when one of two allegedly competitive teams has neither the form nor the inclination to make a match of it ?
We saw it at The Oval on Sunday night .
It is a hideously jerked - up formulaic parody of the real game , the one that delighted such as Pinter and Samuel Beckett and was once lauded by a visiting African chieftain , a guest at Lord 's of the Foreign Office , as the finest , most elaborate and still most subtle rain - making ceremony ever devised .
Twenty20 is about as subtle as a ram-raid .
Any idea that all the hype in the world might just sustain for cricket a rather higher status was somewhat shot through by the beaten Pakistani captain Younis Khan when he declared , " We did n't field very well and it is a problem for us at the moment .
But Twenty20 is a fun game .
It 's meant to be fun , that 's all . "
If only it was , Younis .
The problem is that it is supposed to be so much more than that .
It is the straight - faced projection of the salvation of cricket .
It is the way , we are told , to prise the kids away from King Football and maintain , more effectively than ever more , the downward motion of the game 's nose in the great trough of television .
This , of course , was n't quite the image being projected by England 's captain Paul Collingwood , who declared , " I 'm loving the captaincy now but I was n't loving it on Friday night " ( when a Dutch debt collector heaved two sixes at Lord 's by way of match - winning momentum ) .
" I know I have 11 good men in the dressing room who have backed me up .
They wanted to go out there and show what they could do and they did that .
They showed their character and it shows we have real men in the dressing room . "
Real men do n't eat quiche .
In a perfect world nor do they dress up in garish outfits and prostitute a game of sublime potential .
However , we know it 's far from perfect and no - one is saying that free men should n't be able to pursue the richest possible living .
However , some day the golden penny may drop that Twenty20 is not a game but a fad , a brief and foredoomed exploration of cricket 's most sensational possibilities .
The trouble with sensation is that you can have a little bit too much of it .
In separate parts of his excellent new book , And God Created Cricket , TV analyst Simon Hughes writes hauntingly about the misplaced appeal of the old game – as so magnificently demonstrated in the 2005 Ashes series – and the appeal of Twenty20 .
With a nice touch of ambivalence , he writes of the latter , " There were inevitable reservations from the purists , a euphemism for the short - sighted and the hard of hearing , suggesting that Twenty20 was n't a proper contest between bat and ball ( actually , I might have said that ) .
" But the compensations were huge .
The 5.30 start benefited everyone .
You could see all the skills of the game – even the forward defensive and the shouldering of arms , occasionally – compressed into two and a half hours , sipping wine and sitting next to Julia from accounts , and still be able to go out for dinner / get home in time for supper afterwards .
" The players , ground down by the monotonous routine , revelled in the concept and the public response , and in only having to report for work at 4 pm – and knock off at 8.30 – and their enjoyment was infection .
Twenty20 made cricket fun again – and almost cool .
I said almost . "
Whoever said cricket had to be fun ?
Cricket is supposed to be thrilling and absorbing , attritional and brilliant , intriguing and brutal , and always filled with the possibility of moments of great beauty and power .
Twenty 20 seeks to make every hack slogger look like Viv Richards .
Sometimes , as it was when the Pakistanis fretted and jabbed without a glimmer of hope , the impersonation is both cheap and about as enjoyable as a session of canal work at the dentists .
If the Oval action had somehow left you still the right side of a coma you merely had to switch channels to watch a study of West Indian cricket at the apex of its glory .
It ran on the BBC , which used to cover live , real cricket , and some of the images were quite haunting : there was Gary Sobers , bowling , spin and seam , and batting like a god , hitting six sixes in one over , and there were the young Viv Richards and Brian Lara , dissecting the field with shots which might have been fired from a rifle .
If that was the past , and the gunk we saw on at The Oval was the future , yes , indeed it may be time to reach for that old blanket .
Setanta 's struggles suggest football is no longer in its own league
So according to the ledgers of Setanta television , it seems that outbidding all your rivals for a big football contract is not necessarily a licence to set up your own mint .
Now this is a twist , is it not ?
That the life - threatening crisis of the Irish TV company should come in the same week that we learned of Liverpool 's problematic financial future must , at the very least , provoke questions about the banker assumption that the game will always be besieged by eager paymasters , and that in the meantime all the normal requirements of good business practice can be be put on one side .
The most optimistic scenario is that the appeal of the world game will always operate in a captive market , whatever the degree of wider economic strain .
The nightmare , on the other hand , is that football will , like everyone else , feel a sharp pinch indeed .
And then upon what does it fall back ?
Unfortunately it is not years of hard - headed management and an understanding that any league is , ultimately , only as strong as its weakest member .
They do say that pride always comes before the fall .
Ditto , the ungovernable arrogance to believe that for some reason you are quite separate from the rest of an embattled world .
This no doubt is still enshrined in the working philosophy of the upper echelons of English football .
However , if anyone is going to blink this is probably the time .
Reality bites at last for lucky Lewis
As Jenson Button luxuriates in the success that took so long to come , and lavishes praise on his engineers , it seems that the reigning world champion Lewis Hamilton is beginning to grasp some of the realities of a business which did n't require him to wait hardly at all .
Hamilton talked of the need for patience after guiding his ailing McLaren into 13th place and declared , " I see my role from now on as helping the team to cure the problems with this year 's car and to make next year 's car the best it can possibly be .
When the team gives me a car to win , I will win . "
Yep , that 's the deal Lewis .
You put in the hours in the pit , you glean a fraction of second here and there , and maybe you get to to be the fastest of them all again .
Ideally , you also reflect on the fact that if , say , Robert Kubica or Nico Rosberg had started out with a machine as fast as the one you were given in your first season there might still be everything to prove .
Meanwhile , Button sets a splendid example each time he revisits the podium .
He reminds us that if Formula One ever wants to create a genuine sense of a truly competitive drivers ' challenge it still has quite a bit of levelling to do .
A new study suggests that a single screening with a DNA test for HPV is more effective than all current methods of detecting cervical cancer .
Some doctors say the easier test will replace Pap smears .
Advertisement
This is n't the first time we 've heard that pap smears may be on their way out , but the results of the study of 130,000 women in India have put " another nail in the coffin " for Pap smears , as Stanford professor of gynecology Dr. Paul D. Blumenthal puts it in The New York Times .
Scientists say that the new test could replace cruder screening methods in poor countries and allow women over 30 in wealthy countries to drop annual Pap smears and have a DNA test once every 3 , 5 , or 10 years .
Advertisement
The new study divided healthy Indian women between the ages of 30 and 59 into four groups .
One group got the usual rural care , which is just advice to go to a hospital if they wanted screening .
Another group got a " visualization " test , typical in poorer countries , in which a health worker looks at the cervix with a flashlight and swabs it with vinegar .
Any white spots that develop may be precancerous lesions , so they are frozen off .
A third group got pap smears and the fourth got a DNA test .
For both tests cells are scraped from the cervix , but for the Pap test the cells are examined by a pathologist in lab and the results take days , while the DNA test can be read by a machine within hours .
After eight years , the control group and the visualization group had the same rates of cervical cancer and death , while the Pap - smear group had three - fourths the rates .
Women who had the DNA test had half the rates of cancer and death , but none of the women who were negative on their DNA test died of cervical cancer .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 " 8 K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Qiagen , the company that makes the DNA test , has developed a $ 5 version for use in poor countries that runs on batteries and does n't require water or refrigeration .
If a woman was tested just once every ten years and her results were negative , the chances that she would develop cancer would be low .
In countries where women are hesitant to get pelvic exams , doctors say they test would still work if the women took the vaginal swab themselves .
Currently in poorer countries cervical cancer kills more than 250,000 woman a year .
In the U.S. the cancer was a leading cause of death in the 1950s , but now it kills fewer than 4,000 women a year .
In Europe most women do n't start having Pap smears until 30 , but the American Cancer society currently recommends that woman start yearly testing three years after they have sex , or no later than 21 .
After several normal results they may start testing only every three years .
There are 150 strains of the human papillomavirus and cervical cancer is caused by only a few .
Women pick up strains when they start having sex but most cases clear up on their own in about two years , and it's rare that the cancer would develop in under 15 years .
Advertisement
In 2002 , the cancer society and the American College of Obstretricians and Gynocologists began recommending the HPV test as well and there is increasing evidence that the Pap smear is no longer necessary .
" But we have n't been able to get doctors to go along , " Dr. Debbie Salsow of the American Cancer Society said .
" The average gynecologist , especially the older ones , says , ‘ Women come in for their Pap smear , and that 's how we get them in here to get other care . '
We 're totally overscreening , but when you 've been telling everyone for 40 years to get an annual Pap smear , it 's hard to change . "
[ Image via morgue File . ]
DNA Test Outperforms Pap Smear [ The New York Times ]
Cervical Cancer : Prevention And Early Detection [ The American Cancer Society ]
Advertisement
Earlier : New Study Suggests Pap Smears May Be Thing Of The Past
Recipe for FAILURE
Ingrediants Brother , Worst President of our lifetimes .
70 year old Presidential candidate , Recently failed Future Presidnetial candidates , certain to fail Proven to fail 40 year old ideology 4 cups tepid water 1 box .
Tea bags 1 oz .
Denial 1 table spoon stupid 1 table spoon crazy 1 pd batshit , diced 1 large crock pot 1 brand new shiny package 1 shrinking tent 1 party size bag , nose pins 1 party size bag , ear plugs 1 party size bag , blindfolds DO NOT add ideas , as it will ruin the purity of the recipe .
Cooking instructions
Place tepid water in crockpot .
Allow water to sit at room temperature .
Add brother of failed president , 70 year old failed presidential candidate and both future failed candidates .
Let mixture stagnate in tepid water for 100 or so days until done marinating .
Next add batshit , denial , crazy and stupid .
Bring temperature up until mixture boils .
Then add tea bags .
Continue to boil for another year and a half or 3 1/ 2 years , depending on preference .
Do NOT remove tea bags .
Before serving , set up shrinking tent and distribute blindfolds , ear plugs and nose pins .
This will enhance enjoyment of the bitter cup you have poured for yourself .
Place in brand new shiny package .
Serve with 40 year old failed ideology .
serves up to 26 % of population or less , depending on circumstances and recollection of recent history .
What a team of mavericks they have put together , and they are continuously building that team out of the old and dying parts they had lying around in the graveyard from the last few election cycles .
It is like the Frankenstein monster of the Republican establishments ' dreams .
What was wrong with the old America ?
Aside from the fact that the Republicans used to be in charge ?
I mean , before the GOP started applying their dumb ass failed principles and lack of values .
Okay , a lot , but that is n't our problem right now .
The idiots who used to be in charge are still our problem right now , and that is a big problem .
How much losing and FAIL can these guys really take ?
Hopefully , a lot , and hopefully , at some point they willgive up and finally whig out .
Did the GOP totally miss the pitchfork and torch carrying town people ?
This is the political bread pudding that used to be yesterdays dinner rolls .
We did n't swallow it then and it looks even more unappetizing now .
Have tea baggers lost their sense of taste ?
They must have lost their sense of smell too , because this stinks to high heaven .
Huh ?
Much like Spade and Farley , I can't believe America will fall for this either .
Mitch McConnell , John Boehner , Eric Cantor and Haley Barbour are also fully behind this new group , which is compromised of all the same old faces with all of the same old failed ideas .
Now presenting your recent failure All - Stars !
Lead by Head Coach - Newt Gingrich
Featuring at point guard - John McCain
at shooting guard - Bobby Jindal
at small forward - Mitt Romney
at power forward - Haley Barbour
and at center - the Captain of the team - Jeb Bush
Leaders who will be involved with the National Council will not include anybody from the North East of America , any moderate Republicans or any Democrats at all , but it sure is New , ai n't it ?
According to Conservative Assrocket Lindsay Graham
The truth is we lost young people because our Republican brand is tainted .
I liked this comment by DrToast
You 're wrong , Lindsey
You did n't lose those votes because your brand is tainted .
You lost them because your product is tainted .
My sentiments exactly .
GO TEAM FAILURE !
Whichever way you look at it , the announcement that Nick Griffin , the leader of the British National Party , might attend a royal garden party at Buckingham Palace is a milestone moment in British politics .
For it marks another stage in the transformation of Britain 's biggest far - right party from a past of street thuggery to the brink of electoral breakthrough .
Griffin could next month become the party 's first member of the European Parliament .
The real question is whether it has done that by shrugging off its neo -fascist antecedents and entering the extreme right of mainstream politics – or is it being done by the perpetration of long - running confidence trick upon the electorate ?
The answer to that lies in the one man whose personal writ runs authoritatively throughout the party .
So has Nick Griffin really changed ?
There can be no doubting the unsavoury background from which Griffin emerges .
It is deep rooted in his family history .
His parents met while heckling a Communist Party meeting in north London in 1948 .
Nicholas John Griffin , who was born a decade later , was as a boy reputedly given by his grandfather some of the more anti-Semitic literature of Oswald Mosley 's British Union of Fascists .
While at private school in Suffolk aged 13 , he was reading Hitler 's Mein Kampf and making notes in the margins .
" Adolf went a bit too far , " Griffin conceded in 2006 .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
When Griffin was 15 , his father Edgar took his son to his first National Front meeting .
When he went up to Cambridge in 1977 to read history and law at Downing College , he founded the university 's Young National Front Students group and soon rose through the ranks of the neo - fascist party .
Within a year he had become national organiser .
But the National Front fell apart a decade later .
Griffin was a key figure in the foundation of one of its successor factions , the International Third Position ( ITP ) , advocating a blood - and - soil alternative to communism and capitalism .
In it he praised the black separatist Louis Farrakhan , met David Duke , the former leader of the Ku Klux Klan , travelled to Libya at the expense of Colonel Gaddafi and expressed support for Iran 's Ayatollah Khomeini – who also had a strong dislike of Jews , women 's rights , homosexuals , liberal democracy , international capitalism , Coca - Cola and McDonald's .
Griffin also spoke darkly about the imminence of civil war , the need for his supporters to be trained on how to resist police interrogation , and the right to bear arms .
In 1990 he was involved in an accident , in circumstances which have not been fully disclosed , in which he lost his left eye when a shotgun cartridge exploded in a fire .
He now wears a glass eye .
The accident happened in France where , a year later , Griffin lost a lot of money when a business project he was involved in went badly wrong .
Since then Griffin has survived on a BNP salary of £ 1,800 a month and by raising pigs and chickens on the smallholding near Welshpool in mid-Wales where he lives with his wife and four children .
It was in 1995 that he joined the BNP , where for two years he edited a magazine called The Rune which , after three years of wild anti-Semitic stories , got him convicted of inciting racial hatred .
In the witness box Griffin infamously said : " I am well aware that the orthodox opinion is that six million Jews were gassed and cremated and turned into lampshades .
Orthodox opinion also once held that the world is flat . "
He was found guilty and sentenced to nine months in prison , suspended for two years .
The trial only increased his stature within the fascist Right , and months later he ousted John Tyndall – an old - style jackboots - and - armband neo - Nazi – as leader of the BNP .
In 1999 , Griffin began the long process of making the party electable in emulation of the successes of Jean - Marie Le Pen in France and Jörg Haider in Austria .
Out went the skinhead leathers and in came the jackets and ties .
Out went the street protests and in came electoral campaigning .
Out went the outright white supremacist racism and in came the dog - whistle semiotics designed to win the votes of whites disillusioned with Labour and Tories .
Policies were " moderated " , so that compulsory repatriation of ethnic minorities was replaced by the idea of bribing them with six - figure sums to leave the country .
Hate was replaced by fear as the engine of the movement .
The palette of prejudice was widened to include bringing back the birch for juvenile delinquents and hanging for paedophiles , rapists , drug dealers and the worst murderers .
As leader , Griffin presented as a smartly dressed , Cambridge - educated family man .
Many voters found the change palatable .
In 2002 , the BNP made an electoral breakthrough to get three members elected to Burnley council .
It won further local elections in the following years .
By the 2005 general election , the party had quadrupled its total votes and Griffin got 9 per cent of the vote standing at Keighley in West Yorkshire .
In May 2006 , it doubled its number of council seats from 20 to 44 , making gains in traditional Labour heartlands in the East End of London in particular .
Its latest tactic is to take up uncontested vacancies on parish councils .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Disenchantment with the main political parties attracted various subsets of voters to the BNP – sections of the white working class who felt abandoned by New Labour , Tories disillusioned with their party 's feeble opposition to Europe and those with an animus against particular BNP targets such as bankers , homosexuals and others .
The new suits were not so flashy as to conceal totally the old bigotries , nor were they intended to .
There was not much coherence to it all , as even Griffin 's former allies admit .
The ITP recently denounced Griffin thus : " He has been a conservative , a revolutionary nationalist , a radical National Socialist , a Third Positionist , a friend of the ' boot boys ' and the skinhead scene , a man committed to respectable politics and electioneering , a ' moderniser ' .
Which is he in reality ? "
But political coherence is not what the new improved BNP leader is selling .
Islam is now a bigger enemy than Zionism to the man who once backed Ayatollah Khomeini .
In 2004 he was secretly filmed describing Islam was a " wicked and vicious faith " .
He claimed gangs of Asian men were drugging and raping white girls as part of an Islamic plot to take over Britain .
He spoke of " Muslim thugs and perverts " , " young Paki street thugs " and Britain being " mongrelised out of existence " .
He was prosecuted for incitement to racial hatred but was acquitted , claiming his target was Islam , not Asians .
Several things have changed here .
Griffin has broadened BNP policy to include concerns about unemployment , the environment , farming , crime and sterling as well as its traditional preoccupations with immigration , asylum - seekers and the politics of race .
But the context has changed too .
Senior politicians such as Jack Straw have voiced public reservation about aspects of Islamic culture .
And journalists such as Richard Littlejohn – Griffin 's favourite columnist – air many attitudes which echo those of the BNP .
Griffin has cleverly played into the concerns raised by hardline secularists on the Left who attack multiculturalism and question whether democracy and Islam are compatible .
And he has made common cause with civil libertarians over issues of free speech .
Yet behind the scenes , Nick Griffin has maintained his links with the hard right in Europe and America , where he has spoken on platforms with white supremacists , anti-Semites , Islamophobes and Holocaust - deniers .
His continued obsession with a coming civil war or race war also shows how little his politics have changed in 20 years .
The BNP 's 2005 general election manifesto called for adults who have completed a period of military service to be " required to keep in a safe locker in their homes a standard - issue military assault rifle and ammunition " .
Next month Nick Griffin is standing as a candidate in the North - west in the coming European elections .
Last time he polled 6.4 per cent there .
If he gets a small increase – perhaps to as little as 7.5 per cent – he could get elected .
With the electorate so disenchanted with the mainstream parties because of MPs ' expenses , that it is a real possibility .
It would be a major breakthrough for the BNP .
If that happens , Britain 's political establishment will have a lot more to worry about than garden parties .
A life in brief
Born : Barnet , 1959 .
Grew up in Halesworth , Suffolk .
Family : Wife , Jackie , and four children .
Career : Attended St Felix School and Woodbridge School , both public schools in Suffolk .
Studied history and law at Downing College , Cambridge .
At Cambridge he joined the National Front .
In 1995 , he joined the British National Party ; three years later was convicted of inciting racial hatred after denying the Holocaust .
Received a nine - month prison sentence , suspended for two years .
In 1999 he became chairman of the BNP .
In 2006 he was again arrested for inciting racial hatred , but was cleared at trial .
The party has made significant gains , winning a seat on the London Assembly .
This week BNP Assembly Member Richard Barnbrook announced he was taking Griffin as his guest to the Queen 's garden party .
He says : " Ordinary members of the British public are now really starting to get turned on to the British National Party , because they understand that we 're the ones who tell the truth , even if it 's not politically correct . "
They say : " The only lengthy publication to BNP leader Nick Griffin 's name is a diatribe against Jews who , he claimed , secretly control the media . "
– Denis MacShane , MP for Rotherham
April 17 , 2009 8:00 PM | Eric Caoili
Eon's ICube uses a combination of stereo projectors , stereoscopic glasses , motion tracking position trackers , and 3 - 6 walls that wrap scenes around their corners to give users the illusion of a " complete sense of presence " in a displayed virtual world .
The system also supports peripherals like force feedback devices , a gesture dataglove , and a wireless wand that looks like a power drill or a Romulan disruptor .
Multiple users can walk around the setup at the same time , provided they all have their own pair of glasses .
Here 's a recent video of IDEO Labs taking the ICube for a spin ( and almost falling over while trying it out ) :
[ via Technabob ]
Thus far it seems that netbooks with Windows XP and Intel Atom processors have been the most successful , leaving little room for other players .
There have been those who doubt ARM ’s longevity in this particular market , so we decided to interview some of the folks at ARM .
They told OSNews that the company is confident about its current and future mobile markets , and Linux , which will soon be on various ARM - powered netbooks , is one of the reasons why .
Price Issue
We talk with Bob Morris , ARM ’s Director of Mobile Computing .
He says that there ’s less and less margin revenue for Intel and Microsoft as the price of netbooks goes further and further down ; one can only make so much profit from a device that costs so much to build being sold for around $ 250 - $ 390 .
Also , many people do n’t want a mobile device to be a productivity replacement , and thus many of these devices do n’t require what ’s needed to run programs such as Microsoft Office and other productivity suites .
This is where ARM steps in .
The attractive netbook sub -$ 200 price point has basically been an imaginary line always on the horizon , but ARM believes it ’ll finally be able to reach this market in mass .
Morris said that there even may be ARM - powered netbooks soon for $ 110 - $ 120 , and if that ’s the case , I ’m definitely in .
These sub -$ 200 netbooks would become more of an item bought on impulse — an almost disposable commodity instead of a well thought - out investment .
Different , Mobile - Friendly Chips
Morris says that the biggest difference between Intel and ARM chips is SOC : system on chip .
On ARM - designed chips , many of the computer ’s components are on the chip , including the CPU , GPU , MPEG4 controllers , USB controllers , various radios ( WAN , WLAN , GPS , etcetera ) , and many more components , eliminating the need of larger motherboards .
Jeff Chu , Segment Marketing Manager at ARM , mentions an entire computer being on a 3×3 - inch board using SOC technology .
Intel ’s
Atom is still essentially just the CPU meaning that the computer still needs various other components on the motherboard , not helping in smaller form factor or the power issues .
The combined features of low power consumption and fanless cooling also result in the highly desired long battery life .
Phones can already last for days on end without needing a recharge , and it seems that future ARM - powered netbooks are headed in that direction also .
Morris says that ARM ’s Cortex A8 design and Intel ’s Atom are where traditional PC processors were about five years ago .
“ Performance that ’s needed from five years ago is perfect for email and web , ” he continued .
The “ sweet spot ” is that “ people value mobility over a screaming gaming system .
This is where the Cortex A8 is right now .
We think this is where [ ARM - powered netbooks are ] going to take off .
There ’s a lot to be played out in the A8 for a number of years . ”
He also mentions the upcoming Cortex A9 chip to be coming in 2010 and that these will begin sporting multicores .
Now , multicores is something that I ’ve been waiting for in a netbook .
Operating Systems for ARM
Ubuntu has already been a big supporter of the ARM architecture and now will have Jaunty Jackalope ready for these processors come April 23 .
Along with Ubuntu , some other OS “ main pillars ” for the ARM architecture , as Morris calls them , are Android , which we ’ll most likely be seeing in commercially - produced netbooks soon , Movial ’s OS ALIP , Hyperspace , and Xandros .
Morris says that “ what ’s good about Xandros and Android is that they have store fronts . ”
An OEM builds a computer with a customized OS , the customer has a good experience , and the customer will then come back to the same OEM .
“ Xandros has a store front to let OEMs customize . ”
Contrary to some beliefs , ARM and Microsoft are n’t going head - to - head against one another .
Morris mentioned that ARM has been “ working very closely with Microsoft , all tied in with Web 2.0 and cloud computing .
Hopefully you might see some things in the future ” dealing with these new technologies .
They also work very closely with the Windows Embedded and Windows Mobile business units , of course .
Jeff Chu mentions ARM ’s vast unit shipments , mostly due to their history with Linux .
We ’re on a run rate of 1.2 - 1.3 billion units a quarter .
ARM towers above the others with Linux because it ’s in the small systems .
We do n’t think a lot about systems with Linux on them .
You would n’t believe what Linux is in .
There ’s an entire ecosystem that you do n’t think about .
In relation to Google , Morris predicts that varied Android - based netbooks will begin to appear soon with differentiated ways of putting it on a netbook , and then “ Google ’s going to come back with the proper way of doing it ” in 2010 .
Upcoming Gadgets
I was emailed a keynote that described some juicy - looking prototypes that we ’ve already seen , and we ’ve seen a few others that are pretty neat , too .
Morris says that there are four or five ARM netbooks in queue to be released in time for Christmas 2009 , and then there ’ll be a “ big push ” come 2010 .
Linux to Make a Comeback on Netbooks
It sounds like ARM ’s sitting pretty comfortably with the current market of diverse cell phones and dozens of other types of devices , and they ’re also quite happy with their upcoming future of netbooks .
If you ask me , the slew of ARM - powered netbooks in 2010 will finally show the world how to market Linux right on a netbook .
I ’m definitely looking forward to the Android and Ubuntu devices , personally , and have high expectations for ARM - based Linux netbooks as a whole .
NASCAR Fans Charged With Riding Their Horse Under The Influence
Total Pro Sports – Just because you do n’t need a license to ride a horse , it does n’t mean that you can do it drunk .
Two NASCAR fans in Tunnel Hill , Georgia found that out the hard way .
I wonder what is more dangerous ?
Driving a car drunk , or a horse ?
After drinking and watching the NASCAR race , two friends decided to jump on their horses and go for a ride .
They were soon stopped by officers who noticed their struggle to stay on the horse and maintain control of it .
The two men were required to pay nearly $ 900 for bail and will appear in court next month .
The son of one of the men just does n’t seem to understand .
After all , he has never heard of someone getting charged for a DUI while riding a horse .
Well that ’s likely because no one is stupid enough to think about doing that .
At least not along the busy streets where cars are usually driving around .
The son also appears to be reading the ticket pretty closely .
Maybe he found a mistake on it under the make of the vehicle .
I wonder what would have happened it they were stoned ????
Hat Tip Video – [ Deadspin ]
Share This
The story of how Manny Ramirez was nabbed by baseball 's drug - testing policy is rooted as much in the language of the collective bargaining agreement as it is in the fact that the Los Angeles Dodgers ' slugger had synthetic testosterone in his body when he was tested this past spring .
Ultimately , Ramirez was brought down by his own private medical records -- records that the Major League Baseball Players Association turned over on his behalf , as required under the sport 's Joint Drug Prevention and Treatment Program .
The Ramirez saga , as described by three sources with direct knowledge of the case , began to play out in spring training when the 36 - year - old outfielder provided a urine sample for testing .
The test came back showing elevated levels of testosterone .
Every individual naturally produces testosterone and a substance called epitestosterone , typically at a ratio of 1 - to - 1 .
In Major League Baseball , if the ratio comes in at 4 - to - 1 during testing , a player is flagged .
In Ramirez 's case , his ratio was between 4 - to - 1 and 10 - to - 1 , according to one source .
At that point , MLB notified Ramirez of his elevated levels and began further investigation , including taking two primary actions :
First , MLB asked the World Anti-Doping Agency lab in Montreal , which conducts its testing , to perform a carbon isotope ratio test to determine whether the testosterone spike resulted from natural variations within Ramirez 's body or from an artificial source .
The test revealed the testosterone was synthetic -- in other words , it was ingested somehow .
Secondly , as per the drug - testing policy , MLB requested all of Ramirez 's medical records , including those from doctors he might have consulted outside of MLB .
Addendum C of the policy is authorization by every player to provide " health information " from " all health care providers ( including but not limited to [ add Club orthopedist and medical internist ] , other physicians , laboratories , clinics and Club trainers ) with whom I have consulted pursuant to my Uniform Player 's Contract or the Basic Agreement . "
Ramirez and his representatives were prepared to appeal the synthetic testosterone results , intending to argue he had taken a steroid precursor known as DHEA , according to two sources .
The drug is akin to the now - banned substance famously known as Andro , but it is not on baseball 's banned list .
Baseball had geared up to dispute the argument , and a Ramirez appeal was scheduled for last Wednesday .
MLB 's legal team intended to use expert testimony to cite evidence it believed showed DHEA could not have been the cause of the synthetic testosterone .
However , in the days before the hearing , the union turned over Ramirez 's medical records -- and they turned out to be a boon for MLB .
Within the records was a prescription written for the drug human chorionic gonadotropin ( hCG ) -- No. 55 on the list of banned performance - enhancing substances in the policy .
The drug is mainly used for female fertility issues , but it is best known among male steroid users as a substance that can help kick - start the body 's production of natural testosterone , which is stymied when using synthetic testosterone ( aka steroids ) .
The synthetic testosterone in Ramirez 's body could not have come from the hCG , according to doping experts , and so suddenly Ramirez had two drugs to answer for .
Worse still for the ballplayer , MLB now had a document showing he had been prescribed a banned substance .
This was ironclad evidence that could secure a 50 - game suspension .
And so , in the hours before the appeal was scheduled to proceed , Ramirez notified MLB that he would accept the 50 games and drop his planned legal fight .
Soon thereafter , he issued his statement that his suspension had resulted from taking a medication -- not a steroid -- that was prescribed to him by a physician .
Technically , that was true , but it was hardly the complete story .
Mark Fainaru - Wada and T.J. Quinn are investigative reporters with ESPN 's enterprise unit .
Fainaru - Wada can be reached at markfwespn@gmail.com .
Quinn can be reached at tjquinn31@yahoo.com .
[ Re-posted ]
The West has been attacked many times before by barbarians .
As someone who grew up in Southern England between London and the Channel , this was perhaps more obvious to me than to some Americans .
In the countryside around my home , there were still occasional concrete constructions designed to impede Nazi tanks left rotting in the woods .
My high - school playground retained its air - raid shelters ( we stored our dirty books there ) .
My great aunt was blind in one eye from a bomb blast in the blitz ; my grandfather lived with a brain injury when he was a prison guard in the war and was attacked by a prison inmate during an air - raid ; my mother was knocked over by the impact of a rocket at the end of the war ; my parents and aunts and uncles were evacuated .
Most ordinary people lived through the Blitz , a random 9/11 a week , from an army poised to invade , and turn England 's democratic heritage into a footnote in a Nazi empire .
As all that was happening , and as intelligence was vital , the British captured over 500 enemy spies operating in Britain and elsewhere .
Most went through Camp 020 , a Victorian pile crammed with interrogators .
As Britain 's very survival hung in the balance , as women and children were being killed on a daily basis and London turned into rubble , Churchill nonetheless knew that embracing torture was the equivalent of surrender to the barbarism he was fighting .
The chief interrogator at Camp 020 was someone out of the movies :
Colonel Robin “ Tin Eye ” Stephens was the commander of the wartime spy prison and interrogation centre codenamed Camp 020 , an ugly Victorian mansion surrounded by barbed wire on the edge of Ham Common .
In the course of the war , some 500 enemy spies from 44 countries passed through Camp 020 ; most were interrogated , at some point , by Stephens ; all but a tiny handful crumbled .
Stephens was a bristling , xenophobic martinet ; in appearance , with his glinting monocle and cigarette holder , he looked exactly like the caricature Gestapo interrogator who has “ vays of making you talk ” .
Stephens had ways of making anyone talk .
In a top secret report , recently declassified by MI5 and now in the Public Records Office , he listed the tactics needed to break down a suspect : “ A breaker is born and not made . . . pressure is attained by personality , tone , and rapidity of questions , a driving attack in the nature of a blast which will scare a man out of his wits . ”
The terrifying commandant of Camp 020 refined psychological intimidation to an art form .
Suspects often left the interrogation cells legless with fear after an all - night grilling .
An inspired amateur psychologist , Stephens used every trick , lie and bullying tactic to get what he needed ; he deployed threats , drugs , drink and deceit .
But he never once resorted to violence .
“ Figuratively , ” he said , “ a spy in war should be at the point of a bayonet . ”
But only ever figuratively .
As one colleague wrote : “ The Commandant obtained results without recourse to assault and battery .
It was the very basis of Camp 020 procedure that nobody raised a hand against a prisoner . ”
Stephens did not eschew torture out of mercy .
This was no squishy liberal : the eye was made of tin , and the rest of him out of tungsten .
( Indeed , he was disappointed that only 16 spies were executed during the war . )
His motives were strictly practical .
“ Never strike a man .
It is unintelligent , for the spy will give an answer to please , an answer to escape punishment .
And having given a false answer , all else depends upon the false premise . ” ...
Torture is the weapon of cowards and bullies and monsters .
Cheney is all three .
Prosecute him .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
When hand optimizing functions , it is typical to include lines like _len=len for looking - up the len function at compile time and binding to a local constant .
The speed - up is substantial ( trading one or more dictionary lookups for a single C - speed array lookup ) .
make_constants ( ) performs those optimizations automatically ; leaving the original code free of clutter like _len=len .
In the example , observe replacements of " random " from the global namespace and " len " , " ValueError " , " list " , " xrange " , and " int " from the builtin namespace .
All of those are recoded as constants .
If " random " had not already been imported at binding time , then it would have been left as a runtime global lookup .
Constant binding is especially useful for :
Functions with many references to global constants ( sre_compile for example ) .
Functions relying on builtins ( such as len ( ) , True , and False ) .
Functions that raise or catch exceptions ( such as IndexError ) .
Recursive functions ( to optimize the function 's reference to itself ) .
Functions that call other functions defined in the same module .
Functions accessing names imported into the global namespace ( i.e. from random import random ) .
After binding globals to constants , the decorator makes a second pass and folds constant attribute lookups and tuples of constants .
The first frequently occurs with module references ( such as string .hexdigits ) .
The second commonly occurs in for - loops and conditionals using the " in " operator such as : for x in ( ' a ' , 'b ' , 'c ' ) .
Binding should be applied selectively to those functions where speed is important and dynamic updates are not desired ( i.e. the globals do not change ) .
In more dynamic environments , a more conservative approach is to set builtin_only to True so that only the builtins get optimized ( this includes functions like len ( ) , exceptions like IndexError , and constants like True or False ) .
Alternatively , individual variable names can be added to a stoplist so that the function knows to leave them unchanged .
Note , make_constants ( ) works like other function decorators such as classmethod ( ) and staticmethod ( ) , so it can be used inside a class definition to optimize methods .
For versions of Python before Py2.4 , the @decorator syntax was not available .
To invoke the decoration , do so after the function is defined with :
sample = _make_constants ( sample , verbose=True )
Also , due to the way decorators work , the latter form must be used to optimize recursive function calls .
Instead of decorating every function and method in a module , the bind_all ( ) utility function is provided .
Call bind_all ( my_class ) after the class definition or put bind_all ( sys.modules [__name__ ] ) as the last line in a module to be optimized .
MISSOULA , Mont. , May 8 ( UPI ) --
A jury in Montana Friday acquitted chemical products company W.R. Grace and three of its executives of criminal charges in hundreds of asbestos - related deaths .
The defendants were charged with knowingly contaminating Libby , Mont. , with asbestos and then conspiring to cover it up .
Following a three - month trial , the federal jury in Missoula deliberated less than two days before deciding the company was not guilty , The New York Times reported Friday .
Advertisement
The judge in the case late last month said he was considering throwing out the charges due to prosecutorial misconduct -- including repeated violations of court orders and the use of a star witness who lacked credibility .
The judge eventually dismissed all charges against one of the defendants .
Scientists have said a disproportionately high number of Libby residents died from asbestos - related diseases , and it had been established that the Zonolite Mountain vermiculite mine operated by W.R. Grace between 1963 and 1990 was the source of the asbestos .
Prosecutors contended company executives knew their vermiculite production caused health problems and did nothing but the executives said they made good - faith efforts to protect workers .
Earlier in my career , I thought that innovation was solely about technology .
If you wanted to address a new market or to increase sales , writing more code was always a good option .
Having gained some wisdom and experience over the years , I ’ve finally figured out the obvious — that innovation can also take the form of a business model !
Since I first blogged about Amazon EC2 in the summer of 2006 , developers and IT professionals have found all sorts of ways to put it to use .
Many of those have been covered in this blog ; we ’ve written a bunch of case studies about quite a few , and I ’ve bookmarked many more on the AWS Buzz feed .
As our customer ’s use cases have grown , we ’ve done our best to listen to their feedback , adding such features as additional instances types , multiple availability zones , multiple geographic regions , persistent disk storage , support for Microsoft Windows , and control over IP addresses .
The well - known pay - as - you - go EC2 pricing model is very similar to what an economist would call an on - demand or spot market .
There ’s no need make any up - front commitment ; you simply pay for your processing an hour at a time .
This model has served us well so far and it will continue to be a fundamental aspect of our strategy .
We ’ve learned that some of our customers have needs which are n’t addressed by the spot pricing model .
For example , some of them were looking for even lower prices , and were willing to make a commitment ahead of time in order to achieve this .
Also , quite a few customers actually told us something even more interesting : they were interested in using EC2 but needed to make sure that we would have a substantial number of instances available to them at any time in order for them to use EC2 in a DR ( Disaster Recovery ) scenario .
In a scenario like this , you ca n’t simply hope that your facility has sufficient capacity to accommodate your spot needs ; you need to secure a firm resource commitment ahead of time .
Taking these requirements into account , we ’ve created a new EC2 pricing model , which we call Reserved Instances .
After you purchase such an instance for a one - time fee , you have the option to launch an EC2 instance of a certain instance type , in a particular availability zone , for a period of either 1 of 3 years .
Your launch is guaranteed to succeed ; there ’s no chance of encountering any transient limitations in EC2 capacity .
You have no obligation to run the instances full time , so you ’ll pay even less if you choose to turn them off when you are not using them .
Steady - state usage costs , when computed on an hourly basis over the term of the reservation , are significantly lower than those for the on - demand model .
For example , an on - demand EC2 Small instance costs 10 cents per hour .
Here ’s the cost breakdown for a reserved instance ( also check out the complete EC2 pricing info ) :
Term One - time Fee Hourly Usage Effective 24/7 Cost 1 Year $ 325 $ 0.030 $ 0.067 3 Year $ 500 $ 0.030 $ 0.049
Every one of the EC2 instance types is available at a similar savings .
We ’ve preserved the flexibility of the on - demand model and have given you a new and more cost - effective way to use EC2 .
Think of the one - time fee as somewhat akin to acquiring hardware , and the hourly usage as similar to operating costs .
All of the launching , metering , and billing is fully integrated .
Once you ’ve purchased one or more reserved instances , the EC2 RunInstances call will draw upon your reserve before allocating on - demand capacity .
This new feature is available for Linux and OpenSolaris instances in the US now , with the same support to follow in Europe in the near future .
We ’ve added a number of new command - line ( API ) tools to support the Reserved Instances .
Here ’s what they do :
The ec2 - describe - reserved - instance - offerings command lists the set of instance offerings that are available for purchase .
command lists the set of instance offerings that are available for purchase .
The ec2 - purchase - reserved - instances - offering command makes the actual purchase of one or more reserved instances .
command makes the actual purchase of one or more reserved instances .
The ec2 - describe - reserved - instances command displays a list of the instances that have been purchased .
Of course , all of this new functionality is fully programmable .
We ’ve added a number of new EC2 APIs :
DescribeReservedInstancesOfferings returns a list of Reserved Instance offerings that are available for purchase .
This call enumerates the inventory within a particular availability zone .
returns a list of Reserved Instance offerings that are available for purchase .
This call enumerates the inventory within a particular availability zone .
PurchaseReservedInstancesOffering makes the actual purchase of a Reserved Instance within an availability zone .
Up to 20 instances can be purchased with a single call , subject to availability and account limitations .
This is like “ buy a vowel ” from Wheel of Fortune , but you get a server ( much more useful ) instead .
makes the actual purchase of a Reserved Instance within an availability zone .
Up to 20 instances can be purchased with a single call , subject to availability and account limitations .
This is like “ buy a vowel ” from Wheel of Fortune , but you get a server ( much more useful ) instead .
DescribeReservedInstances – returns a list of the instances that have been purchased for the account .
We ’re planning to give the AWS Console full control over the Reserved Instances .
I expect to see other tool vendors add support as well .
If you have any questions about the new Reserved Instances , check out the entries in in the newly revised EC2 FAQ .
I ’m looking forward to receiving your feedback on this new and innovative business model for EC2 .
Please feel free to leave me a comment .
— Jeff ;
The stares of strangers endured by Connie Culp , recent face transplant recipient , might have little to do with cruelty or lack of empathy .
These responses are likely a result of neurologic , biologic and evolutionary factors .
Prior to her operation , the center of Culp 's face was blank skin traversed by a single raw scar where she once had a nose , upper lip and cheeks .
The disfigurement made her the target of something perhaps even less fixable : millions of years of evolutionary uncouth .
When she went out in public , people gaped at her .
After her operation , her face still looks unusual and the stares continue .
" We stare .
Even if you do n't want to , even if your better judgment tells you ' I need to be nice to this person .
They 've obviously suffered a tragedy , ' there 's something so alien and uncomfortable — it just does n't look like us , " said facial expression expert Erika Rosenberg , who focuses on evolution at UC Davis ' Center for the Mind and Brain .
" It goes back to a very primal thing . "
To ensure the long - term survival of our species , we 're genetically predisposed to be attracted to symmetrical faces .
The idea is that normal , healthy development free of disfiguring diseases or genetic mutations produces a symmetrical face .
We unconsciously see symmetry as a marker of genetic quality .
Our reaction to a face that is disfigured , however , also has links with short - term survival .
Humans are highly social animals .
Rather than remaining among our family or herd from birth to death , we venture out .
We spend our days mixing with great numbers of unfamiliar members of our species .
To do so safely , scientists believe we have evolved a rough screening process .
When someone unfamiliar approaches you in the aisle of a grocery store , a glance at his face and its expression helps your brain to sort that person into one of two broad categories : safe or potentially unsafe .
The amygdala ( the brain area associated with judgment ) depends upon the emotion conveyed by the person 's facial features to make that crucial call .
Is he happy ?
Angry ?
Irritated ?
To decide , your eyes sweep over the person 's face , retrieving only parts , mainly just his nose and eyes .
Your brain will then try to assemble those pieces into a configuration that you know something about .
When the pieces you supply match nothing in the gallery of known facial expressions , when you encounter a person whose nose , mouth or eyes are distorted in a way you have never encountered before , you instinctively lock on .
Your gaze remains riveted , and your brain stays tuned for further information .
" When a face is distorted , we have no pattern to match that , " Rosenberg said .
" All primates show this [ staring ] at something very different , something they have not evolved to see .
They need to investigate further .
' Are they one of us or not ? '
In other species , when an animal looks very different , they get rejected . "
And so , we stare .
( An averted gaze is triggered in some people .
This too can be overridden only with great difficulty . )
It does n't take much of a facial anomaly to trigger a transfixed response ; a normal human face upside down will do it .
Or one that is simply unmoving .
In her work with Paul Ekman , who pioneered the widely accepted theory that human emotion conveyed via facial expressions is biological in origin , Rosenberg studied a group of people with a condition that prevents their facial muscles from moving .
" They talk about how difficult it is to interact with people because people can't handle looking at a face that does n't move , " Rosenberg said .
However , a surgery that allows them to lift their tongue has a " transformative effect on their lives , " noted Rosenberg .
" Just being able to lift the tongue and move their faces enough to create a little smile .
It shows you how profoundly important it is to have a face that works . "
It could be that the faces do n't match emotions we are familiar with , or it could be they do n't look like we expect humans to look , says Rosenberg .
" Either way , there 's something very fundamental about having a normal working face that we need in our society . "
See Also :- First Near - Full Face Transplant a Success , So Far
Image : 1 ) Flickr/ angerbodha
Destructoid posted an article that strongly criticized PlayStation Trophies , while at the same time stating that Xbox 360 Achievements are significantly more meaningful and successful .
However , Destructoid ’s circular logic and repetitive complaints did little to actually explain why it held this to be true .
In fact , many of the complaints it made were flat out wrong .
The first complaint that Destructoid makes is pretty bold :
“ … unlike MS Achievements , Trophies have so far failed to really add much of anything to [ the ] gameplay experience . ”
I strongly disagree with this .
If anything , Trophies have enriched the gaming experiences of PS3 owners by allowing and encouraging us to play through our games more thoroughly and skillfully .
It ’s one thing to play through Mirror ’s Edge the normal way , and another to win the “ Test of Faith ” Trophy , which requires you to complete the game without shooting a single enemy .
Not only does this affect how you approach the levels , it also forces you to master the hand - to - hand combat and acrobatics of Mirror ’s Edge .
“ The major issue with Trophies , as it stands , is the fact that the PlayStation Network has not succeeded in creating the feeling of a true online identity for its players .
The rather alienating XMB and awkwardness of communication makes it far more difficult for gamers to feel connected to their PSN handles than they do their Gamertags . ”
The problem with this argument is that players ’ online identities have actually become more unique with the recent implementation of Trophies .
As with MS Achievements , the Trophies define who you are as a player , highlighting the games that you own and the objectives that you worked hard to achieve .
Trophy accomplishments and online identity simply go hand in hand .
Destructoid ’s complaints go even further , stating that the PS3’s “ sluggish XMB feels archaic and inconvenient to use . ”
This is completely laughable considering that the XMB is both simple and powerful to use , as noted by IGN .
Even during gameplay , the only thing separating you and your trophy list is a single press of the Home button .
However , the real problem with Destructoid ’s views is apparent with the author ’s following statement .
“ Nearly all my Trophies so far are Bronze , and I struggle to give a shit about any of them , because we all know that Bronze is for losers .
Unlike Achievements , which have an ‘ every little helps ’ aura about them , the PlayStation Trophies do n’t feel like they work towards anything . ”
Firstly , the author seems to be upset at the fact that they have n’t been skilled enough to win many of the Silver or Gold medals , and it ’s unfortunate that they let this completely blind them from a small , but pivotal fact .
It ’s true that MS Achievements are all built equally , and are all attainable without the help of other achievements .
Some are worth more than others ( just like Trophies ) , but do n’t have the arbitrary name associated with them , such as Bronze , Silver , etc .
But what the author does n’t seem to realize is that trophies have discreet values .
In addition to this , Sony implemented Platinum trophies , which can only be unlocked when the player earns every trophy within a game .
Though the author states that PS Trophies do n’t work towards anything , this definitely is n’t the case .
Bronzes are worth 15 points .
Silvers are worth 30 points .
Golds are worth 90 points .
Platinums are worth 180 points .
PS Trophies work together , and help unlock an enormous amount of points if a player dedicates enough time to complete every trophy .
MS Achievements have absolutely no way of allowing Xbox 360 owners to win an extra 50 or 100 points for earning that final 5 point achievement for a specific game .
With the PS3 , however , you can unlock a 180 point Platinum Trophy by completing a 15 point Bronze Trophy .
This encourages full playthroughs as two pivotal parts of the PS Gamer Card : bragging rights , and leveling up their overall score .
Though Destructoid states that “ the PSN experience is always going to feel like a step behind what the Xbox brand currently offers , ” it ’s hard to deny that Sony has taken the achievement concept to the next level .
Rather than trying to get a higher overall number than other players , you can compare individual trophy stats and understand the context of how they earned those trophies .
Sure , someone may have a higher Level than you based on their PSN Gamer Card , but if all they earned is Bronze trophies then you can tell that they ’re a casual user .
Meet someone with an arsenal of Platinum trophies however , and you ’ll know you ’re face to face with a skilled , hardcore gamer .
Despite these significant differences , Achievements and Trophies are essentially the same and serve identical purposes .
In fact , a comparison of multiplatform games shows that the Trophies and Achievements are identical across both the PS3 and 360 SKUs , and similar in point allocations .
There ’s no reason to bicker over “ which one is better ” , because Trophies and Achievements are there for bragging rights and a sense of personal achievement .
That ’s what they were built for , and both have made amazing contributions to not only how videogames are played , but how they are designed .
* Disclaimer : PSLS is not attacking Destructoid , just stating a difference of opinion .
As soon as the Flash game Achievement Unlocked loads , praise flashes across the screen .
Congratulations , you have an uncanny ability to stand still .
Another notice pops up to say , good work , you 've figured out how to move left .
And look , you 've successfully skewered your elephant on the spikes below .
High five !
As the game aptly illustrates , the video game industry 's rush to adopt these miracles of user engagement has left a slew of hasty implementations in its wake .
No one wants a pat on the back for simply going through the motions ; it makes the whole notion of achievements meaningless .
It may once have worked for King Kong , but after gamers sapped those 1,000 points there was no reason for them to return to the title .
There is a better way to incorporate achievements into games .
Parlor Tricks
Regardless of whether you call them achievements , trophies , badges , medals , or whatever , these digital rewards act best as incentives for gamers to finish games , try out new features and modes of play , and experiment with the offered tools .
When deployed skillfully , achievements keep players engaged .
They foster community .
They are a reason to play new games .
They 're a new metric to prove game mastery .
Hell , achievements are the new high score .
There is also evidence that they improve sales .
Xbox 360 games that distribute their 1,000 - point allotment across more than seven achievements sell markedly better than games with fewer achievements ( although there is a correlation between a high number of achievements and big game budgets ) , reported Electronic Entertainment Design and Research ( EEDAR ) in September 2008 .
" Ignore Accomplishments at your own peril , " cautioned EEDAR 's expose .
" On the Xbox 360 , game titles that have a larger quantity and wider diversity of Accomplishment types simply sell better . "
This phenomenon is not exclusive to console games .
Badges appeared in the casual space as a daily incentive to visit Web portals before Microsoft co-opted them for Xbox Live .
It was Microsoft , however , that took achievements mainstream .
They were a way to add stickiness to the community and the console , explains Aaron Greenberg , director of product management for Microsoft 's Xbox division .
" We never anticipated this reaction ... where there are achievement fan sites and people playing games that they would never play [ for the achievement points ] . "
Achievements are also driving incremental game sales on the Xbox 360 , says Greenberg .
He points out that the console 's attach rate of eight games per system is the highest , ever , for any platform .
Achievements , he says , are a big part of that .
So far Xbox Live players have unlocked 2.5 billion achievements and racked up a collective Gamerscore of 52 billion points , reports Greenberg .
That 's almost 150 achievements per Xbox Live member .
Thanks to Microsoft 's achievement success , these incentive systems have spread across consoles , handhelds , mobile devices and social networking platforms .
And without the overarching achievements concept , Justin Hall 's experimental Passively Multiplayer Online Game ( now called Nethernet ) would not even exist .
The game capitalizes on gamers ' compulsion for the web -- players earn achievements while they surf .
WITH HIS bald pate , wire - rimmed glasses , grey suit and silk tie , Serge Foucher looked the very picture of business management when his 24 - hour imprisonment at the hands of angry workers ended yesterday morning .
“ I ’m happy to be free and to see the light of day again , ” said Mr Foucher , the chief executive officer of Sony France .
Mr Foucher , Sony ’s head of human resources , and two local plant officials were held in a meeting room in a videotape factory at Pontonx - sur - l ’ Adour , in the Landes region of southwest France .
The plant ’s 311 employees were notified in December that they would lose their jobs when the factory closes on April 17th .
Mr Foucher dropped by to say a last farewell on Thursday afternoon , and was detained by workers objecting to the severance package they ’d been offered .
They blocked access to the plant with branches and tree trunks , and 20 gendarmes surrounded the site .
Patrick Hachaguer , the local representative of the CGT communist trade union , said the atmosphere inside the plant was “ good - natured ” , though the Sony executives may have thought differently .
“ He wo n’t listen to us .
We had no other solution , ” Mr Hachaguer added .
This latest incident of “ bossknapping ” ended at 10.30 am when the Sony executives walked out of the plant , accompanied by trade union representatives .
Employees lined both sides of the pathway , and watched the men leave in silence .
The executives got into a minivan and were driven to the sous - préfecture in nearby Dax , where negotiations continued yesterday afternoon .
“ The state will facilitate the discussions , ” said Étienne Guyot , the prefect of the Landes department .
When a Sony factory closed a year ago in Alsace , financial benefits were 50 per cent better , the workers said .
“ We ’re not asking the impossible , but we demand to be treated the same as other Sony France employees when they were fired , ” Mr Hachaguer said .
Le Figaro newspaper reported the Sony employees are receiving € 45,000 more than the legally required indemnities , and between nine and 18 months paid leave to seek other employment .
But Mr Hachaguer said Sony offered one month of salary for each year worked , and nothing extra for workers over age 55 .
“ We do n’t have much to lose because we ’ve already lost our jobs , ” he added .
“ Sony France decided to give us cut -rate compensation , when we ’re in a much worse situation because of the economic crisis . ”
“ Job offers have shrunk down to nothing , ” a Sony employee named Philippe told France Info radio .
“ There ’s no work to be found in the entire region .
If I have to move , I will .
I ’ve lived here 24 years , and I never imagined the place would shut down . ”
“ If we move , we get a bonus of € 3,500 , ” Jean - Michel Cauna , who has worked in the plant for 19 years , told AFP .
“ In Alsace , all costs were paid . ”
Chantal Omiciuolo ( 50 ) said holding the executives hostage “ was our last chance .
We did n’t have a choice ” .
The possibility of converting the plant to produce solar panels was considered and abandoned .
Union representatives opposed the project , saying Sony did not consult them .
Yesterday afternoon , Mr Hachaguer said progress was being made on the treatment of older workers , longer leave to seek new jobs and training for sacked employees .
But he said negotiations were still blocked on the basic amount of the severance package .
The unemployment agency UNEDIC announced this week that between 375,000 and 454,000 more French people will lose jobs this year , depending on whether the economy shrinks 1.5 per cent or 1.8 per cent .
The government is bracing for nationwide strikes and demonstrations on March 19th .
The incident at Sony France may inspire others – especially if the “ bossknappers ” are able to negotiate better terms .
Last year , an Englishman who was running a car parts factory in eastern France was held for 48 hours by his employees .
In a separate incident , 14 people were injured when police stormed an ice cream plant to free a manager who was taken hostage .
Inside the Obama administration , some officials say , Pakistan ’s drive to spend heavily on new nuclear arms has been a source of growing concern , because the country is producing more nuclear material at a time when Washington is increasingly focused on trying to assure the security of an arsenal of 80 to 100 weapons so that they will never fall into the hands of Islamic insurgents .
Obama administration officials said that they had communicated to Congress that their intent was to assure that military aid to Pakistan was directed toward counterterrorism and not diverted .
But Admiral Mullen ’s public confirmation that the arsenal is increasing -- a view widely held in both classified and unclassified analyses -- seems certain to aggravate Congress ’s discomfort .
The dimensions of the Pakistani buildup are not fully understood .
“ We see them scaling up their centrifuge facilities , ” said David Albright , the president of the Institute for Science and International Security , which has been monitoring Pakistan ’s continued efforts to buy materials on the black market , and analyzing satellite photographs of two new plutonium reactors less than 100 miles from where Pakistani forces are currently fighting the Taliban .
“ The Bush administration turned a blind eye to how this is being ramped up , ” he said .
“ And of course , with enough pressure , all this could be preventable . ”
As a matter of diplomacy , however , the buildup presents Mr. Obama with a potential conflict between two national security priorities , some aides concede .
One is to win passage of a global agreement to stop the production of fissile material -- the uranium or plutonium used to produce weapons .
Pakistan has never agreed to any limits and is one of three countries , along with India and Israel , that never signed the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty .
Yet the other imperative is a huge infusion of financial assistance into Afghanistan and Pakistan , money considered crucial to helping stabilize governments with tenuous holds on power in the face of terrorist and insurgent violence .
Senior members of Congress were already pressing for assurances from Pakistan that the American military assistance would be used to fight the insurgency , and not be siphoned off for more conventional military programs to counter Pakistan ’s historic adversary , India .
Official confirmation that Pakistan has accelerated expansion of its nuclear program only added to the consternation of those in Congress who were already voicing serious concern about the security of those warheads .
Former prime minister of Pakistan Benazir Bhutto was assassinated on the orders of the special death squad formed by former US vice - president Dick Cheney , which had already killed the Lebanese Prime Minister Rafique Al Hariri and the army chief of that country .
The squad was headed by General Stanley McChrystal , the newly - appointed commander of US army in Afghanistan .
It was disclosed by reputed US journalist Seymour Hersh while talking to an Arab TV in an interview .
Hersh said former US vice - president Cheney was the chief of the Joint Special Operation Command and he clear the way for the US by exterminating opponents through the unit and the CIA .
General Stanley was the in - charge of the unit .
Seymour also said that Rafiq Al Hariri and the Lebanese army chief were murdered for not safeguarding the US interests and refusing US setting up military bases in Lebanon .
Ariel Sharon , the then prime minister of Israel , was also a key man in the plot .
A number of websites around the world are suspecting the same unit for killing of Benazir Bhutto because in an interview with Al - Jazeera TV on November 2 , 2007 , she had mentioned the assassination of Usama Bin Laden , Seymour said .
According to BB , Umar Saeed Sheikh murdered Usama , but her words were washed out from the David Frosts report , he said .
The US journalist opined that it might have been done on purpose because the US leadership did not like to declare Usama dead for in the case the justification of the presence of US army in Afghanistan could no more be there , hence no reason for operation against Taliban .
On the other hand , the diplomatic analysts believe that BB murder is still a fable and it is for the reason Asif Zardari and other govt authorities are stressing UN probe in the murder case , also paying huge sums for it .
Another website has disclosed that Benazir was put to death in order to roll back Pakistan nuclear programme and the take over its nukes and India , Israel and the US , were making hectic efforts to deprive Pakistan of its atomic capability so as to bring to under their control .
LAHORE : US journalist Seymour Hersh on Monday contradicted news reports being published in South Asia that quote him as saying a “ special death squad ” made by former US vice president Dick Cheney had killed Benazir Bhutto .
The award - winning journalist described as “ complete madness ” the reports that the squad headed by General Stanley McChrystal – the new commander of US army in Afghanistan – had also killed former Lebanese prime minister Rafique Al Hariri and a Lebanese army chief .
“ Vice president Cheney does not have a death squad .
I have no idea who killed Mr Hariri or Mrs Bhutto , ” Hersh said .
“ I have never said that I did have such information .
I most certainly did not say anything remotely to that effect during an interview with an Arab media outlet . ”
He said Gen McChrystal had run a special forces unit that engaged in “ high value target activity ” , but “ while I have been critical of some of that unit ’s activities in the pages of the New Yorker and in interviews , I have never suggested that he was involved in political assassinations or death squads on behalf of Mr Cheney , as the published stories state . ”
He regretted that none of the publications had contacted him before carrying the report .
“ This is another example of blogs going bonkers with misleading and fabricated stories and professional journalists repeating such rumours without doing their job – and that is to verify such rumours . ”
I guess it 's a combination of having been there a couple times and the feeling it 's the most dangerous place on earth -- not for tourists , for the existential survival of the planet -- but I keep writing about Pakistan .
No one ever seems in the slightest bit interested .
Last week we looked at all the billions and billions of our tax dollars that have been shoved into the most corrupt system in the world -- around $ 12 billion worth , most of it basically untraceable military support .
Yesterday ' sreported on a confidential congressional briefing that warned about how that money is being used : expanding the country 's nuclear capacity -- even now as the Taliban insurrection is slowly taking control of more and more of the country .
( They already have as many as 100 nuclear weapons , scattered around the country .
)
So what we have is a Pakistan descending into chaos with the Taliban making tremendous headway in winning over the hearts and minds of the impoverished masses , while a weak national government gropes for internal support .
Yes , the Taliban looks almost attractive compared to a government that makes pre-Revolutionary France seem like the shining city on the hill in retrospect .
And the U.S. taxpayer is being asked , surreptitiously , to subsidize billions of dollars more in money that goes for a nuclear program that can only mean serious trouble and international instability -- or worse .
Meanwhile newspapers in Asia today are reporting on a claim from Sy Hersh that Cheney had Benazir Bhutto assassinated .
The original source seems to be a major Pakistani paper , The Nation , which was quickly taken off - line -- though not before the report started spreading -- and then came back online .
The Indian is also carrying the story .
Here 's the version from , datelined New York : You probably know we do n't hold Cheney in high regard here at .
And no one will ever persuade me that the CIA has n't been the most evil force in America nor that they did n't kill JFK .
But I am very dubious about this particular report .
It does n't ring true and sounds like a way to smear McChrystal .
As I suspected , Hersh denied the whole thing .
From Steve in comments :
Labels : Benazir Bhutto , CIA , Pakistan
You see a woman being dragged down a deserted staircase in a subway station , fighting off a rapist and screaming for help - do you :
a ) immediately run to help her , possibly at your peril
b ) call the cops from the safety of your subway booth and consider it a job well done
Well , a New York judge has recently tossed out a lawsuit by the rape victim who claimed that two subway employees did nothing more to stop her rape than just calling the cops from the safety of their posts :
A conductor saw the rape from the window on his train , and a station agent in the booth witnessed a screaming woman being dragged down a staircase inside the desolate 21st Street station of the G line .
But neither one left the safety of their assigned posts to help her .
Instead , conductor Harmodio Cruz and agent John Koort called the command center to summon cops .
Justice Kevin Kerrigan ruled the two workers had taken " prompt and decisive action in obtaining police help , " according to the decision handed down in Queens Supreme Court .
The help came far too late for the victim , who was raped on the platform .
Her lawyer , Marc Albert , called Kerrigan 's decision " offensive , " saying it gives " blanket immunity " for transit workers to ignore straphangers in peril .
" Simply pressing the button is enough , " lamented Albert .
" God forbid citizens are put in a position where municipal workers are not required to act and it leads to harm -- they are left out in the cold . "
Link - via The Zeray Gazette
What do you think : was it cowardice or just being sensibe ?
( Photo : Catherine Nance )
QuickVoice
Pro converts spoken message into text
i Phone users will now be able to speak their emails into their handsets for the first time , which will then be converted to text , with the launch of a new application .
n Finity , the specialist voice recording software developer , has teamed up with SpinVox , the service which converts spoken messages into text , to launch QuickVoice Pro .
The new app allows users to record messages onto their iPhones , which will then be automatically converted to text by SpinVox and sent to the email inbox of their choice .
SpinVox Voice Message Conversion Service is the interface nFinity worked on the development of the app with .
This API ( application interface ) was announced at the Mobile World Congress , Barcelona in February 2009 .
Third party developers were then invited to register their interest in the technology .
SpinVox selected 20 developers to work with on co-creation programmes .
Those selected include business efficiency , personal productivity , games and social networking applications on Apple iPhone , Nokia Series 60 , and Microsoft Windows Mobile platforms .
Via Telegraph
TAKE ACTION
1. Send a personalized letter to the Members of Congress on the Appropriations Subcommittee .
Let these Members of Congress know that you oppose the Presidents FY2010 budget request for $ 2.775 billion in military aid to Israel .
To send your letter , please click here .
2 . Get your organization to endorse our open letter to the Appropriations Subcommittees .
The US Campaign is organizing an open letter to the Appropriations Subcommittees opposing the Presidents FY2010 budget request for $ 2.775 billion I military aid to Israel .
To read and endorse the letter ( organizational endorsements only please ) , click here .
Check out the list of national organizations that are joining with us to launch this open letter :
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Joel Best ’s Stat - Spotting : A Field Guide to Identifying Dubious Data , belongs on the nightstand of anyone who regularly encounters statistics — which is to
say , everyone .
In my line of work as a fact - checker , the book ’s case studies are
even more of a must - read .
Take , for example , this health
statistic , repeated on a number of websites : Each year , 20,000 people die from
taking aspirin .
Best proffers a number of tips that challenge this factoid ’s accuracy .
#1 : If something sounds too shocking to be true , it probably is .
Check .
# 2 : Make sure sources are n’t biased .
The stat appears on a site titled What Doctors Do n’t Tell
You and a page promoting magnetic therapy as an alternative to ( you guessed it ) aspirin .
# 3 : Look for “ botched translations ” — numbers simplified to the point of inaccuracy .
Checking in with the FDA ( a trusted source that appears to be the original ) , we find that an estimated 10,000 - 20,000 people die a year from NSAID ( Nonsteroidal Inflammatory Drugs ) complications .
Aspirin is indeed an NSAID , but so are several other drugs , including ibuprofen .
So this figure unfairly singles out aspirin , omits the “ complications ” modifier , and uses the highest figure from a broad number range .
It ’s also a stat from 1999 .
Mate .
This example illustrates just how easy it is for a number to be misrepresented , and how it can quickly take on a life of its own .
And Best reveals how even major publications and news networks propagate misinformation .
It ’s tempting after reading Stat - Spotting to throw up your hands and turn against data entirely .
But the tome successfully shows how to sort the muck from the truth , which is out there .
And as Best says , “ We need quantitative data — statistics — to guide us . ”
In other words , we need stats to make sense of the world .
We just need to know how to make sense of the stats .
A computer science lecturer at the University of NSW , who has pioneered the use of YouTube at Australian universities , is offering high school students the chance to get started on their computing degrees early .
Senior lecturer Richard Buckland is frustrated that people with a passion for computing are not being challenged by courses offered at high school .
Over the years he invited some of them to attend his university lectures but found they struggled to fit it in during the school day .
So last year he filmed all of his first - year computing lectures and published them on UNSW 's YouTube channel and on Apple 's iTunes .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Banks are using tax - free benefits from life insurance policies they hold for their employees to pay executive bonuses , deferred pay and pensions , according to a published report Wednesday .
Major financial institutions -- including Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) , J.P. Morgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) , Wachovia and its parent , Wells Fargo ( WFC , Fortune 500 ) -- are taking increasing amounts of life insurance policies against their employees , and naming the company as the beneficiary , the Wall Street Journal reported .
The company receives a tax - free benefit when the employee dies , whether that employee is still working at the company or not , the report said .
While banks are not alone in the practice , the amount of life insurance that banks in particular are taking out for their employees has been on the rise , the paper reported .
Bank of America and Wells Fargo confirmed to CNN that they have this type of insurance in place .
" It is a legitimate business practice used by many companies , " said Bank of America in a written statement .
" Like many companies Bank of America uses this insurance to help defray the cost of employee benefits . "
A law passed in August 2006 prohibits banks from taking out life insurance policies against all but the top third of their earners , and those employees must provide consent to participate in the program , according to the story .
But the Journal said the regulation does not apply to the policies taken out against millions of current and former employees prior to 2006 .
The issue of executive pay , and in particular bonuses , has been under public scrutiny in recent months as the government stepped in to bail out the nation 's biggest banks with taxpayer dollars .
Edinburgh Fringe veteran Simon Munnery made his name during the 1990s with stand - up shows based upon his two alter - egos , ' Alan Parker : Urban Warrior ' and comic philosopher ' The League Against Tedium ' .
While both personae gained exposure with a BBC radio series , it was in his guise as ' The League ' that Munnery caught the notice of TV executives and in 2001 he fronted Attention Scum , his own experimental comedy vehicle for BBC Choice / BBC TWO .
' Comedy vehicle ' is an unusually apt description for the show , based as it was on The League driving around the country in a converted transit van with a mission " to discover England and confuse it " .
Visiting evocative locations such as Glastonbury and Tintagel , the spine of each episode would comprise The League standing on top of his van in a car park , preaching his bizarre philosophies to small , baffled crowds .
His musings could take in any subject , from wealth ( " money does n't grow on trees ?
Yes it does , it 's paper ! " ) to love and war ( " in love as in fighting , the winner has an eight - foot pole " ) .
The League also frequently appeared pacing about the countryside , sermonising to the viewer , with his comic snippets broken up by chains of surreal sketches and the occasional ' Pythonic ' animation which were often deliberately incomprehensible : as if to make the point , they'd be book - ended by huge question marks or exclamation marks appearing on screen .
Episodes also featured a clutch of recurring sketches , including Johnny Vegas ' guest role as a 24 hour news anchor " who ’d been up for 24 hours " and the regular musical segment ' Kombat Opera ' , complete with sedated vampire on piano .
Catherine Tate , Kevin Eldon and Richard Thomas joined Vegas in a strong supporting cast and director Stewart Lee later revived Kombat Opera for its own six - part run in 2007 .
Although it left itself liable to accusations of being too self - consciously clever , Attention Scum certainly never suffered from a lack of invention .
However , it was unable to find the success later enjoyed by Lee and Thomas ’ musical spin-offs ( including Jerry Springer : The Opera ) and despite Parker 's continued cult following , the show ran for only one series .
No Mama we did n't eat any cheezypoofs , why you ask ?
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Recently I have met my necessity to translate " Fukan - Zazen - Gi , or The General Introduction of How to Pracice Zazen . "
" The Fukan - Zazen - Gi , or The General Introduction of How to Practice Zazen " was written by Master Dogen in 1227 , but later it seems to be revised by Master Dogen himself , and so nowadays " Fukan - Zazen - Gi " is usually published in its revised one .
Therefore in this case I also utilize the edition , which has been used as the authorized one for hundreds years continuously .
Fukan - Zazen - GiGenerally speaking , when we research the Truth , the Truth are originally pervading through the Universe , and so how is it necessary for us to rely upon sometimes practice , or sometimes experience ?
Furthermore , the methods , which are useful to arrive at the fundamental principle , are existing everywhere , and so how is it necessary for us to be exhausted by the enormous efforts to get them ?
Enormously much more , we , Buddhist monks , totally have got rid of the secular garbage or dust already , and so who is it be necessary for us to believe in the necessity of methods brushing off or wipe off them ?
Generally , we , Human Beings , are impossible to get rid of our adequate place , and so how is it necessary for us to utilize even a bit of part of our legs for that purpose ?
However , if there were any kind of the slightest gap existing actually , the gap of the expanse will become much more wider as if it were the width between the Heaven and the Earth , and so if there occurs any kind of difference , because of the difference we have to lose our mental and physical serenity completely .
Even though we are proud of our clear understandings , being full of clever decision , getting further excellently different consideration , getting the Truth , clarifying the mind , encouraging the will excellently piercing the sky , and even though we are taking a walk to put our head into the area of considering Action , but actually speaking , we are totally losing for ourselves to put our body actually into the area of Real Action itself .
Furthermore , in the case of innate Genius at Jetavana Anathapindikarama , we can actually look at the historical remains , where Gautama Buddha himself authentically sit there for 6 years .
And the historical person in Shao - Rin - Ssu , who has transmitted the Central Symbol of Buddhism into China , has been presenting his authorized dignity of facing the wall for 9 years even today .
Even in the case of such ancient examples those Old Sacred Personalities have been already like this .
How is it possible for us , the people today , to spend the time without practicing Zazen at all ?
Therefore we should stop our efforts to looking for words and to understand verbal expressions at all .
It is necessary for us to study our passive steps of turning light to ourselves for reflecting ourselves opposite .
The consciousness of our body and mind might vanish in a few minites , and our original face and eyes will manifest themselves naturally .
And if we want to get anything ineffable at once , just practice something ineffable , that is , Zazen , at once !
Generally speaking , if we want to practice Zazen authentically , it might be better for us to use a quiet room , and what we drink and eat , might be better to be moderate .
Many kinds of miscellaneous circumstances must be thrown away , and many kinds of business should be stopped so far totally .
Do n't consider Good and Bad !
Do n't worry about Right and Wrong !
Stop the motion of Mind , Will , or Consciousness !
Stop the consideration of Consciousness , Thoughts , or Reflection .
Never , never , intend to become Buddha !
And such a kind of efforts can never be limited only inside sitting , or lying .
In general situations , we should spread a thick carpet on the floor , and on there we use a thick and round cushion for Zazen .
Sometimes we practice a full lotus posture , and sometimes we practice a half lotus posture .
In the case of the full lotus posture , first we put our right foot on our left thigh , and then we put our left foot on the right thigh ( for example . )
And in the case of a half lotus posure , we push over our right thigh with our left foot ( for example . )
We should put our clothes over the legs for making the situation of clothes orderly .
Then we put our right hand on the left foot , and put our left hand on the right hand to put the tops of both thumbs together supporting with each other .
Then regulate our posture into the authentic sitting , and do n't incline our spine left or right .
Do n't slouch the spine forward , or lean backward .
The line of ears must be parallel with the line of the shoulers horizontally , and the nose aligned with the navel .
Hold the tongue against the palate , keep the lips and teeth closed , and keep the eyes open naturally .
Breathe softly through the nose , and after settled the physical posture already , make a deepbreath once , sway the body left and right .
Sit immovably in the mountain - still state , and think the concrete state of not thinking .
How is it possible for us to think the concrete state of not thinking ?
It is just different from thinking .
This is just the abreviated technique of Zazen .
What is called Zazen , is different from learning Zazen , but it is just the Peaceful and Pleasant Gate into the Universe .
It is the practice and experience to clarify the Truth .
The Universal System has been realized already , but nets or cages for us have never arrived at us yet at all .
If we have arrived at what we intend to , the situations might be the same as if a Dragon has got the water , or a Tiger has got mountains as the guard behind .
We should exactly notice that the True Dharma has manifested itself naturally , and both darkness and vagueness have been destroyed first .
When we stand up from sitting , move our body gradually first , and then stand up stably .
Do n't be hasty or violent .
In the case of standing up still , first we should move our bodies slowly , and then stand up .
We should never be hasty or violent .
Reflecting Ancient Times , transcending the common sense , overcoming the Sacred , dying in Zazen , or passing away in standing still , all have been relying upon the power , which has been trained by the practice .
Furthermore a turning point utilizing a finger , a pole , a needle , or a wooden block , and another usual experiences utilizing a hossu , a fist , a wooden stick , or a cry of ' Katsu ! ' , are also the identified experiences , which are far beyond the decision by consideration , or judgement .
How is it possible for any kind of mystical ability , practice , or experience , to be available to know ?
It might be some dignified form outside of voice or color .
How is it possible for them not to be criteria before recognitions or perception ?
Therfore , we should never select abilities between the clever or the stupid , discussing higher wisdom , or serious stupidity , or selecting a clever person or a sutupid person .
If we sincerely consider problems , it must be just pursuing the Truth .
Practice and experience should never naturally become tainted with each other , and what is aimed at , should be balanced and constant .
Generally , this world and the other land , or the western world and the eastern land , all are keeping Buddhist characteristics , and solely including the authodox behavior .
Just we are diligent in practicing Zazen only , and we are just being caught inside the state without motion .
Even though our situations are so much different having so many differences , we should solely practice Zazen for pursuing the Truth .
How is it possible for us throwing our own sitting seat for wandering in the foreign countries here and there without any criterion ?
If we make a mistake even only one in our step , we have to commit our mistake just at the present moment .
Fortunately we have got the excellently valuable human body already .
Should never pass the valuable time without doing anything .
We , human beings , have already got the very important faculty for Buddhist Morals .
How is it possible for anyone to lose the so valuable Time in vain spending it for instantly fleeting joy ?
Not only like that , the physical substances are so fragile like a due drop on grass leaves , and the flimsy life is very similar to a flash of lightning .
They suddenly vanish completely , and they eraze themselves at once .
I would like to ask to elegant people of studying Buddhism that because of having accustomed to models of dragons , do n't be afraid of the Real Dragon itself .
Relying upon the direct and simple efforts of practicing Zazen diligntly , and revering the person of transcending theoretical learning and forgetting intention .
We will have identified ourselves with the Ultimate Truth of many Buddhas , and receive directly the balanced Autonomic Nervous System of many Patriarches 's Samadhi .
If you will continue this Something Ineffable , the Warehouse of Treasures will open naturally , and it wil become easily possible for us to receive and utilize them as we like .
Fukan - Zazen - Gi The End
Pin 0 Shares
As the focus of the governments all over the globe shifts to reducing dependence on oil for our energy needs , Solar energy is quickly emerging as one of the key potential energy source for the future .
While most current applications are for self contained modular systems ( example , highway signage , or decorative yard lights ) , there are many ideas that are being floated that have merit and we can expect to see a few of them implemented in the near future .
New advances in transferring electricity wirelessly may serve up interesting possibilities as well .
One of the first steps towards reducing our dependence on oil is to move away from internal combustion engines to power our vehicles .
Charging Electric Vehicles
Plug -in Electric
Vehicles have been touted as one way of reducing our dependence on oil .
However , the problems that prevent mass production of these vehicles include
the small distance that can be traveled on a single charge , and
the amount of time it takes to recharge the batteries completely ( think overnight )
The solution to these two problems may be in sight .
Speeding up battery charging : Researchers at MIT have found ways to speed up the ion exchange process in Lithium ion batteries by 100 times , that will allow production of batteries that can be charged within seconds .
Such technology can reach the market within 3 years as the change in production process from the current standard batteries is minimal .
One stumbling block is that the standard household outlets can not be used for high speed charging and new specialized charging stations need to be built .
This means that as the highway rest stops and service stations are reconfigured with this new charging technology , it will than become possible for a motorist to stop at a service station and charge the vehicle in the amount of time it takes to go buy a cup of coffee .
Charging on the go : Rapidly charging battery technology can be supplemented with the technology of remote charging .
Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology is building a prototype ‘ recharging road ’ in its campus in Daejeon in South Korea .
This involves embedding a recharging strip in the road surface , that will allow a vehicle with sensor - driven magnetic device to suck up power from the recharging strip as the vehicle drives over it using electromagnetic induction .
This works without having to make direct contact with the recharging strip .
Now , of course , the recharging strip will need to draw power from somewhere , and it could be either connected to a standard electric grid or possibly even use small solar substations along the highways .
Some logistical details like billing and payments will need to be worked out but these are likely to be easy to solve .
We Don’t Need No Tethering
Fast Company ran a fascinating article on Wireless Electricity in its Feb 2009 issue which talks about sending electricity to devices through air without the need to use wires .
The technology has been demonstrated to work and uses the electromagnetic induction process and will likely be available for public use within the next decade , or sooner ( this is the technology behind the recharging strips mentioned earlier ) .
When available , it will mean you as a consumer will no longer be tethered to an outlet in the wall , and you can move that Christmas tree anywhere you damn please .
Imagine harvesting solar energy through panels on your roof and powering all your household devices without the need to use any wires !
May be your vehicles will get charged when they are parked in your garage automatically without the need to plug them in !
Gives a new meaning to the phrase ‘ Off the Grid ’
Subscribe Now
You will receive all updates in your feed reader as soon as they are posted .
Very Convenient !
Great to see you again !
Already have our Feed ?
Like us on Facebook and Follow us on Twitter for more updates
You use it every single day .
In English it 's called the " at sign . "
The Italians call it " snail . "
The Spaniards , " arroba . "
The Slavs , " monkey . "
But what did @ really mean 473 years ago ?
Advertisement
On May 4 , 1536 , Francesco Lapi—a Florentine merchant who at the time was in Seville , Spain — used the symbol @ in a letter , the first ever known instance of a document containing it .
It did n't had a domain name after it , however .
Back then , he was referring to the number of " amphoras " that were shipped in three vessels which departed Spain on their way to Rome , Italy .
An " amphora " was a commercial volume measure of those times .
The document you can see above says :
There , an amphora of wine , which is one thirtieth of a barrel , is worth 70 or 80 ducats .
Advertisement
In Spanish , the word for that measure was called " arroba , " which is the name the @ symbol still receives today in that language .
Later , the symbol was conserved in typewriters ' keyboards :
People kept using the at sign through the centuries , and it was common in commercial accounting where it meant " at the price of . "
It was in 1971 when Ray Tomlinson saw the symbol and thought it could be good to append the mail server host to the name of the person receiving an email :
I chose to append an at sign and the host name to the user 's ( login ) name .
I am frequently asked why I chose the at sign , but the at sign just makes sense .
The purpose of the at sign ( in English ) was to indicate a unit price ( for example , 10 items @ $ 1.95 ) .
I used the at sign to indicate that the user was " at " some other host rather than being local .
G/O Media may get a commission First Bag Free
And the rest , as they say , it 's history .
I do n't know about you , but from now on I would be saying jesus amphora gizmodo dot com every time I have to tell my mail address .
It just sounds so much better .
Or better yet , jesus monkey gizmodo dot com .
Yes .
Definitely this one .
[ NYT Blog ]
Everyone loves the mouth - watering watermelon fruit .
Usually they are red in color , but quite often we found yellow and even orange in color too .
The watermelon also frequently served in special dinner and wedding event .
And for those occasions , we will find quite interesting watermelon carving arts and here are my top picks of 12 incredible watermelons carvings arts .
I hope you will like it as I do .
Source : Email
Category : Arts and Culture , Featured
After the disappointing news on my recent scan and coming off chemotherapy and the trial drug I was on , I ended up in Glasgow Royal again last week after a few days of stomach pains .
I had been to my GP last monday who had diagnosed gastritis and prescribed some acid inhibiting tablets .
I should add here that I have recently changed GP practice following my disappointment in my previous lack of early diagnosis by my last GP .
My new practice is also more local and I must say that in the few months I have been there the doctors and the district nurses in particular have been fantastic .
Still in pain on Tuesday and unable to keep any food down whatsoever , I returned and was prescribed some strong painkillers and told that if it persists I will be referred to the hospital and after a tough night and continued vomiting this is what happened on Wednesday .
I was seen to almost immediately and went through a serious of blood tests and x-rays .
The surgeon ’s opinion was that I had some sort of lower bowel blockage most likely caused by an adhesion as a result of my bowel surgery .
Apparently extremely common after bowel surgery this was considered the most likely cause .
I was obviously worried that it may be caused by a growing or even new tumor .
The surgeon ’s advice was to get me on a drip and drain my stomach and see if things would clear themselves without surgery which is often successful and the best course of action .
My alarm was the clearing the stomach which meant the dreaded pipe up my nose straight to my stomach , arghhhhh !
If you read my post about being in the royal previously you will understand my hatred of this procedure and it was n’t any easier this time .
The poor nurse that had to carry out the procedure did n’t get an easy time .
The first attempt was awful .
After getting past my nose and I could feel it in my throat I felt totally asphyxiated , I just could n’t breath and had a drowning sensation and it had to be removed .
After a breather , I composed myself and we went for it again with more success , edging the pipe down slowly by sipping water and swallowing the pipe with each sip till it reached my stomach .
It is just not natural , they can stick as many needles in my as they want but sticking that pipe in has to be the toughest thing and almost seems antiquated , I am sure there must be a better way and I just know that it aint going to be the last time it happens .
I will need to get some sort of therapy and relaxation technique to help me deal with it !
Lying in hospital I realised it was precisely a year since my climbing trip to the alps .
I recalled lying on the sun drenched slopes of gran paradiso feeling on top of the world , what a change in a year and I would say to everyone to grasp and enjoy these moments you get in life to the fullest , you never know when they can be grasped away , hopefully never .
On a more light - hearted note , I was amused by some quality ‘ Glasgow Banter ’ in the bay next to me as I was being assessed .
An older gentleman had admitted himself after his face had unexpectedly swollen up .
His speech was a bit slurred but I thought at first this was caused by the swelling .
The nurse asked him what he could have taken to cause the swelling and he went on to describe in great detail a square sausage casserole he had made and left out overnight and eaten that morning .
The nurse explained that this would maybe give him an upset stomach or the runs but not the swelling , she then asked if he had anything to drink and it comes out that yes , he had been in the pub when this happened .
Asked how much he had drunk the standard , “ a couple of pints and a couple of halfs ” , which , in Glasgow terms can mean a bit more than “ a couple ” .
Now this is only early afternoon and it is then revealed that he only has one kidney !
But , no , he insists it has nothing to do with this and reverts back to the boiled square sausage casserole .
It reminded me of telling my mum how I had eaten a dodgy pies as I suffered from hangovers as a teenager !
Once in a ward and literally piped up I just had to wait and see what happened .
I was to get a CT scan which would hopefully give more clues to the cause of the pain .
Over the next few days the pain did subside considerably and things seemed to be moving better .
The scan revealed nothing significant although confirmed the growth of the seedlings in my peritoneum which showed up in my recent scan .
I was told I may get out on Friday but my consultant advised another night of observation as a bowel blockage can be extremely serious if not caught early .
I felt as good as ever on Saturday morning and it was agreed I could go home although told to return if the pain or sickness returns and given more pills to take to help protect my stomach .
It never ceases to amaze me the variety of characters you end up in wards with .
There was a 30 year old guy admitted on Thursday with a horrendous neck wound .
‘ Allegedly ’ he had been staying with a ‘ friend ’ who woke up and thought he was an intruder and proceeded to slash him and was millimetres away from killing him .
His fairly relaxed attitude about the whole thing was strange .
C.I.D. visited but he was giving nothing away .
This was a real serious incident , attempted murder I would say but he insisted there was no fight , no argument and his ‘ friend ’ was sleeping walking when he did this and that was the story every one was getting .
Very strange if you ask me and I am sure there is a lot more to it .
It sort of annoys me the money and time wasted in an incident like this from the police to the nhs , it must be a huge cost .
There is absolutely no thought given to this at all by those involved treating the nhs as a right and not a privilege .
the guy will be ok , he is probably out by now and does n’t realise how close he was to dying , I just worry about what the repurcussions will really be ….
Resting up at home now I have hopefully seen through another hiccup and think that if it was an adhesion it had actually been causing minor discomfort for longer than I think and I had been putting this down to the cancer as i feel better than I did even before the major pain last week .
I have lost a good bit of weight again and will have to address that .
It is so difficult balancing eating the right things for my bowel , beating the cancer and trying maintain a healthy weight .
I was home just in time for the Scotland game yesterday and was thoroughly enjoying it until cheated in the last few minutes of the game .
I really would love to see Scotland in a major championship .
When we last qualified for the world cup I was still studying and did n’t have the means to travel to see them even though it was n’t that far but I would certainly make the effort now and would love to see them in the european championships but this looks very much beyond reach after yesterdays result .
Those following my blog will know how highly I spoke about the facilities provided by the Friends of the Beatson and the wonderful people who run it .
My good friend colin is doing a sponsored bike ride from Edinburgh Castle to John O’Groat ’s on the 24th of September with all proceeds going to the Friends of the Beatson .
This is a link to his just giving page , he has raised nearly £ 1500 already which is fantastic and thanks to all who have contributed .
These are difficult times financially and I am blown away by people ’s generosity .
I have also spoke previously about my involvement with Lanarkshire Business Group who are holding a charity meal and disco night also to raise funds for The Friends of the Beatson .
There are many charities out there needing money but I have chosen this one because of the direct help I have had from them and want to try to give something back as they totally rely on grants and donations for survival .
The few hours spent there can take away , even if it is for a short time , a lot of the stress , worry and anxiety experienced while an inpatient at the Beatson and having spent 4 days in the Royal this week I really would have benefitted from a similar facility .
They have set up a just giving page also here for anyone who ca n’t make it but wants to contribute .
I realise the timing of both events means there were will be a cross over in donations but they all go to the same place so thanks to all who can contribute no matter what it is .
I am really humbled that I have inspired people to do things to raise not just money , but awareness .
A few of my friends have taken part in charity runs with my friend David recently raising £ 1000 for cancer research running the Edinburgh marathon in just under 4 and a half hours and others taking part in 10ks and half marathons , thanks to them all these charities can continue to do the work they do and hopefully find a cure for this terrible disease once and for all .
Hopefully at some point I will be fit enough to do something meaningful myself .
The Glasgow half marathon is today which I have run 5 times in the past .
I loved taking part although I did find it extremely gruelling .
There was always a few pints to be had afterwards to sooth the pain though , or at least put it off for a day !
I am pursueing options for surgery to treat the cancer which I will talk about in further posts , there are still chemo options open but I am hoping to be accepted for a new development called HIPEC which I will talk about more only if I find out if I am suitable as I there ai n’t much point otherwise !
In the meantime I am concentrating on recovering from this weeks problems and looking forward to a better week and will try and get out for a walk today with the sun shining .
Is multicore programming the near - mid future of programming ?
IMHO , yes and if so , is Perl doing any effort ( maybe trough Perl6 ) in that direction ?
Yes .
Perl 6 is specified with concurrency in mind , and there are some constructs that can be automatically parallelized , and many features are geared to make that painless .
Sadly only pugs implements some parallelism so far , and only very basic constructs .
Will the functional programming languages become more relevant with the multi-core revolution ?
Especially pure functional languages like Haskell .
I can imagine it 's much easier for the compiler to determine interdependencies than for normal , imperative languages .
But it remains to be seen how much that will matter in practice ; I believe that both language families have much space to improve wrt concurrency .
Will it worth to start today my project in one of those concurrent programming languages ?
That really depends on how easy or hard they are to parallelize .
I 'm currently doing some simulations that are embarrassingly simple to parallelize - I always have to cover a large parameter space , so I just start one process per parameter , let it run for an hour and collect the result in a file - there 's really no point parallelizing that more unless somebody throws more than 200 CPUs at me , each equipped with at least 8 GB RAM .
Which ones will survive , which will be abandoned and which will be a reference for concurrent programming ?
I do n't think that 's clear yet .
There are a few language that I 'm pretty sure will stay , which have proven to fit very well for some problems ( C and Haskell for example ; I 'm also pretty sure that Erlang has a sufficiently large community to survive ) .
Sadly no only pugs implements some parallelism so far , and only very basic constructs .
But having that in mind : it should be done in the core , at the very bottom , since it affects all that comes after in terms of implementation .
I know , and the other hackers know that as well .
At the heart of Rakudo is Parrot , and that already implements concurrency - it " just " needs more testing , and the compiler needs to emit the corresponding code .
I 'd say multi-core programming is n't just the future , it 's the present .
It 's been at least a couple years since anything I wrote ran on a machine with just one core .
Usually the kind of parallelism I need is easy to get - Apache / mod_perl runs multiple copies of my code and on the backend MySQL runs multiple threads to service them .
For slightly harder problems requiring some coordination between processes I use Parallel : : ForkManager and pipes with IO :: Select .
I 'm very sweet on Erlang , but whether it 's right for you is something only you can judge .
You might get to market faster by leaning on the built - in parallel features or you might get bogged down in the learning curve of a new environment .
I think a lot depends on just how much parallelism you need to exploit - if we 're talking about dual and quad core machines then some fork ( ) ing Perl code is probably good enough .
If you 're deploying on a cluster of several hundred 32 - core machines , well , you might need more management ifrastructure and going with a pre-built system may be a better idea than rolling your own .
- sam
The following was started 2 days ago , but I 've been unable to finish it .
It was suggested to me I post it as - is anyway , and if there is sufficient interest , I 'll try to complete it later .
My first response to almost every question you 've asked , is : It depends .
It mostly depends upon the requirements of the algorithm and / or data that needs processing .
There are essentially 3 basic types of parallelism ( with many variations ) : IO parallelism :
The simplest of them all .
Mostly IO - bound .
Typified by webservers and the like .
Each execution context is essentially independent of all others .
Each execution context spends most of its time waiting ( a device or communications partner ) for something to do .
And when it does get something to do , it does it relatively quickly and then goes back to waiting .
Task parallelism : Potentially the most complex .
A mixture of IO and cpu . Typified by the Google Map - Reduce architecture .
( Though that is ( currently ) applied at the macro ( box ) level ) .
Each execution context runs a different algorithm on independent data , but they need to coordinate and synchronise between each other .
Here the algorithms ( tasks ) are overlapped by passing the stream of data from one stage to the next in smallish chunks .
Think of a pipeline where one stream of data needs to be processed by several different algorithms , but serially - - read ; decode ; transform ; encode ; write .
Data parallelism : Potentially the biggest gains .
CPU - bound .
Typified by image ( X - ray ; MRI ; etc. ) processing .
One large homogeneous dataset needs a one or two , often simple algorithms applied to the entire dataset .
Small subset of the dataset are assigned to each execution context perform the same algorithm (s ) on .
This type lends itself to event driven / state machine / select methods .
The problems arise when the process also need to perform some cpu-intensive processing in addition to the IO - driven processing .
This necessitates the programmer injecting artificial breaks into the cpu-intensive code in order to ensure timely servicing of the IO events .
Whilst not onerous for a single single program with exclusive use of the hardware , it becomes necessary to re-tune the software for each cpu ; OS ; end even application mix ; that ths code will run on .
making for costly porting and on - going maintenance .
As mentioned above , this type is currently being dealt with at the macro - level .
Using clusters of commodity hardware and disk - based ' pipelines ' for shared storage .
Whilst reasonably effective for the last , current , and possibly next generations of 1 , 2 , and 4 - core commodity boxes with 2 to 4 GB of ram , the cost of all the disk - IO between stages will start to make itself felt as we move to larger numbers of cores and ram per box .
Once you have cores ranging from 8 to 32 ; multiplied by simultaneous threading per core of 2 to 8 ; and anything from 64 to 512GB per box , it makes less and less sense to use processes and disk - based storage to handle the pipelines .
When the machine can store an entire partition of the dataset entirely in memory , it is far quicker to load the dataset into memory once , and have each stage of the pipeline operate on it in place .
You could do this by running each stage over the dataset serially , but as with the current scheme , handing over smallish chunks from stage to stage allows you to overlap the stages and vastly reduce the end - to - end processing time .
So , running all the stages as threads , bucket - chaining over a single , large shared dataset is a natural evolution of the processes and disks model that brings huge efficiency saving for negligible extra infrastructure costs .
Just a single shared integer between each stage that is incremented by the previous stage and read - only to the following stage .
Indicating how far the previous stage has made it through the dataset , and where the following stage continues it next cycle .
Utilises only simple , two - party condition signalling with no possibility of dead - locks , priority inversions or any of those other scare - monger nasties .
Huge performance gains secured from avoiding inter -stage pipeline IO costs .
This type is already happening in games and Computer Generated Imagery .
It simply does n't make sense to partition these kinds of datasets ( images etc. ) across processes , let alone boxes .
The shared - memory model and threading , is the only way to go .
But again , the " big problems " of the shared memory model - - deadlocking ; priority inversion etc. -- do not arise , because the each thread operates exclusively on its own partition of the overall dataset .
By linearly or recursively partitioning the dataset , no locking is required and each thread is free to run full - speed on its part of the problem to completion .
The only synchronisation involved is the master thread waiting for the workers to finish before it does whatever needs doing with the results .
More and more , this kind of processing will be offloaded to specialist CPUs ( dsps ; gpus ) ( hereafter SPUs ) , for processing .
However , with current setups this involves the transfer of data from cpu memory to SPUs memory and back again .
And with potentially multiple processes needing the SPU 's services , and with memory access already the bottleneck on performance , it will make more sense in the near future for Spus to do their thing by directly accessing the data in the main memory .
Effectively making the SPUs cores extensions of the main cpu .
We 're already seeing this with SIMD and similar instruction sets .
The future is threaded .
We are just waiting for the software to catch up with the hardware .
And I fear we are going to have to wait for the next generation of programmers before that problem will be properly fixed .
Just as many of my generation have problems with using SMS -- and with the language forms it generates -- whilst it is simpler than tying shoelaces for the new generations .
So it is with threading .
Many in my generation only see the problems involved -- not the potential .
Just as it tool the ubiquity of the web to drive the transition from th request - response model to the upcoming Web 2 era .
So , it will require the ubiquity of threads and cores to drive the transition from forks&pipes to threads &shared state .
It may take until the retirement of the Luddite generation for it to happen .
But it will happen .
As you 've rightly indicated , one of the primary drivers of the transition will be the evolution of computer languages that give easy -- and well abstracted -- access to the potential .
Whilst many of those you cite are a adept at one or more of the types of concurrency , none of them are truly adept at all of them .
And problems arise because real - world problems tend to require two or more of those types in the same application .
A secondary problem with most existing language abstractions of concurrency is that they tend to take one of two tacts : A low - level approach - - typified by C/C++ and libraries like Intel Threading Building Blocks -- whereby the programmer is given access to , and required to exercise , full control over all aspects of the threading .
This not just enables , but forces the programmer to deal with all the issues of sharing state , not just for that data that needs to be shared , but all state !
And that places the onus upon the programmer to ensure the segregation of per stage ( per thread ) state .
A time consuming and rigorous task much better suited to automation by the compiler .
A high - level , encapsulated approach -- typified by most of the concurrent FP languages like Haskell and Erlang -- which removes most of the control from the programmers hands .
The problem here is that the FP ( and even const correct procedural ) languages prevent the programmer ( at least without resorting to extraordinary procedures ( with often " dangerous " sounding names ) ) , from sharing state for those data that need to be shared , with the result that the data has to be needlessly and expensively copied , often many times , as it transitions through multi-stage pipelined processes ; or as multiple workers concurrently do the same processing on their own small chunks of the total dataset , and then they are ' re - assembled ' back to a whole .
This compiler enforced ( and needless ) replication of state becomes a huge drain upon system resources via memory thrash , IO and communications protocols overheads .
This can turn O ( n ) algorithms in to O( n ^ 2 ) algorithms ( or worse ) , once those overheads are factored into the equations .
That detracts from , and can even completely negate , the benefits of concurrency .
Add in the extra costs of concurrent development , maintenance and testing , and it is easy to see why people see little to be gained from the concurrency .
The solution is relatively simple , in concept at least .
There needs to be a clear delineation between that state that needs to be shared -- for efficient concurrency .
And that state that must n't be shared - - for algorithmic safety .
And the programmer must have explicit control over the former , whilst the compiler ensures and enforces the latter .
In this way , thread procedures can be written without regard to the safety of local variables and state .
Anything declared ' local ' , or ' non- shared ' , or better , any not explicitly marked as shared , is protected through compiler - enforced mechanisms from leaking between threads .
At the same time , shared state can be passed around between threads as the needs of the algorithm dictate , without incurring huge penalties of copying involved in write - once variables .
Another way of viewing the two concurrency abstractions is : the former seeks to give the programmer a zillion tools for controlling access to shared state and synchronising control flows between threads .
The problem here , beyond the well - known difficulties of getting this stuff right , is that the exposure and predominance of these mechanisms actively encourages programmers -- especially those new to concurrency -- to design their algorithms around utilising locks and synchronisation .
whilst the latter seeks to hide all such control within the abstraction beyond the programmers reach .
With this approach , you end up with either weird and unintuitive programming constructs and paradigms ; or huge , unwieldy and slow compile - time analysis engines ; or belt&braces , copy - everything and lock - everything always - -" whether it needs it or not " -- infra - structure and library code .
There is a third answer to the problems of locking and synchronisation .
Avoid them !
Sounds too simple to be a point worth making , but it is a fact that most algorithms and applications that can benefit from concurrency can , with a little care , be architected such that they use little or no locking or synchronisation , despite that they may manipulate large volumes of shared state , in place .
The trick is to program the application so that only one thread attempts to access any given piece of data an any given time .
I 'm not talking about using mutexs to prevent concurrent access .
More , mechanisms that do n't allow the programmer to try .
But without throwing the ( procedural ) baby out with the bath water .
This can be done today -- in any language .
It just requires the programmer to be aware of the techniques and apply them .
But it would be a whole lot easier if programmers did n't have to become aware of the implementation details or re-invent them every time .
To that end , there are several new abstractions that can help : Memory delegates - handles to ( subsections of ) real shared memory , that can be passed between threads , but which can only be used by the thread holding the delegate .
Old copies of the delegate become disabled .
Runtime enforcement is fatal .
Compile - time detection easy .
Thread - controlled shared variables :
This variable is shared -- by threads A & B ( & F ... )
ONLY !
Access type controls on shared variables :
This variable is shared between threads A & B , but only thread A can write to it and only thread B can read from it .
And B cannot read from it until A has written it .
And thread A cannot write to it again until thread B had read it .
Bi-directional latching shared variables .
Variable shared between threads A & B , readable and writable by both ; but cannot read until A has written ; and once B has read , neither can read ( and A can not write again ) until B has written ; now only A can read and neither can read again ( and B cannot write again ) , until A has written .
And so you encapsulate the request - response communications protocols in a single variable .
Self limiting queues :
Like thread controlled variables , which threads have access ( and what type of access ) is controlled , and both compile - time and run-time enforced .
But in addition , the queues limit their own sizes such that any attempt to write when the queue is ' full ' causes the writer to block .
Any attempt to read when the queue is empty causes the reader to block .
You get self - regulating synchronisation with tunable buffering .
Declarative threading of functions for ' fire and forget ' usage .
Delayed ( lazy ) results from threads ( promises ) .
Instead of having explicitly create a thread passing the thread procedure address ; retrieve the handle ; and then later , explicitly call a blocking join to get the results .
Instead , the above two combine to give something like : sub threadProc1 : threaded { ... } sub threadProc2 : threaded { ... } my $ result1 = threadProc1 ( @args ) ; my $ result2 = threadProc2 ( @otherArgs ) ; unless ( defined $ result1 && defined $ result2 ) { ## continue doing other stuff while we wait } ##
If the threads have completed by the time we reach this statement ## then the statements completes immediately .
Otherwise it blocks unti + l ## both results are available .
Effectively joining both threads .
my $ composite = $ result1 + $ result2 ; [ download ] / li >
With a few simple control and data sharing constructs such as these , all the scary , difficult parts of threading disappear under the covers , and the programmer can get back to concentrating uponn their application whilst knowing that it will benefit from whatever core and threads are available .
You can imagine the pipeline example ( read ; decode ; transform ; encode ; write ) , from above being written something along the lines of ; my $ pipeline : promise = TQmap { open $ out , '>' , $ out File ; write ( $ out , $ _ ) while $ Qin - > dequeue ; close $ out ; } 1 , 10 , TQmap { while ( $ Qin -> dequeue ) { my $ encoded = encode ( $ _ ) ; $ Qout -> enqueue ( $ encoded ) ; } } 2 , 20 , TQmap { while ( $ Qin -> dequeue ) { my $ transformed = transform ( $ _ ) ; $ Qout -> enqueue ( $ transformed ) ; } } , 4 , 40 , TQmap { while ( $ Qin -> dequeue ) { my $ decoded = decode ( $ _ ) ; $ Qout -> enqueue ( $ decoded ) ; } } , 2 , 20 , TQmap { ## read open my $ in , ' < ' .
$ in File ; $ Qout - > enqueue ( $ _ ) while < $ in > ; close $ in ; } , 1 , 10 , undef ; monitorKeyboard ( ) until defined $ pipeline ; if ( $ pipeline != SUCCESS ) { log ( error , $ pipeline ) ; } else { log ( success , $ pipeline ) ; } exit ; [ download ]
Examine what is said , not who speaks -- Silence betokens consent --
Love the truth but pardon error .
" Science is about questioning the status quo. Questioning authority " .
In the absence of evidence , opinion is indistinguishable from prejudice .
" Too many [ ] have been sedated by an oppressive environment of political correctness and risk aversion . "
This is a complicated problem .
However I do not believe that multi- threading is a real solution for reasons that I explained on another forum some time ago .
The short version of what I said there is that Moore 's law is looking to add cores faster than SMP can scale , at which point we 'll go to NUMA inside of a CPU .
And once we go to NUMA , multi - threaded programs do n't scale .
So while there are some very important niches which can benefit from serious multi- threading , I do n't buy the dream of unlimited numbers of cores available to a single multi- threaded application .
Thank you .
That 's an interesting article to read .
But , like so many articles that set out to prove the point they want to make , rather than looking at the evidence and see where it leads , you spend much of the time setting up Straw Men , and then proceed to knock them down .
The first mistake you make , ( in the chronology of the article ) , is exactly the " big problem with threading " that my post above took special pains to refute -- but you probably did n't read down that far -- that of " synchronisation & locking " .
The whole paragraph starting " There are some basic trade - offs to understand . " , is just an elaborately constructed straw man .
Synchronisation & locking is only a problem , if you design your algorithms to need synchronisation and locking .
So , do n't do that !
Without repeating all the carefully constructed explanations above :
Why would anyone architect an algorithm to use 32 k cores , so that they all needed to access the same piece of memory ?
It beggar 's belief to think that anyone would , and the simple truth is " they " would n't .
There is no possible algorithm that would require 32 k threads to contend for a single piece of memory .
None .
Let 's just say for now (* ) , that we have a 32 K core processor on our desktop , and we want to filter a modest 1024x1024 image .
Do we apply a lock to the entire image and set 32 k threads going to contend for it ?
Or do we create one lock for each individual pixel ?
And the answer to both is a resounding : No !
Why would we .
We simply partition the 1M pixels into 32 K lots of 32 , and give one partition to each of the 32 k threads .
Viola !
The entire 1 MP image filtered in the same time it takes one thread to filter a 32 - pixel image .
No locks .
No contention .
And the only " synchronisation " required is the master thread that waits for them to all finish .
One load from disk .
One store back to disk .
As a certain annoying TV ad here in the UK has it : simples !
I do n't really believe that any of use will have anything like 32 k cores on our desktops in the next 20 years , but I 'm just going with your numbers .
See below . )
You simply cannot do that anywhere near as efficiently with processes ; nor message passing models ; nor write - once storage models .
The second mistake you make is that you mutate Moore 's Law : " the number of transistors that can be placed inexpensively on an integrated circuit has increased exponentially , doubling approximately every two years " , into : " we 're doubling the number of cores . " .
And that simply is n't the case .
You can do many things with those transistors .
Doubling the number of cores is only one possibility -- and one that no manufacturer has yet taken in any two successive Moore 's cycles !
Other things you can do are : Increase the width of the address bus .
8 - bit ; 16 - bit ; 32 - bit ; 64 - bit .
We probably wo n't need 128 - bit addressing any time soon ...
Increase the width of the data paths .
But 128 - bit data - paths .
This is already happening with SIMD instruction sets ; GPUs and other SPUs .
Increase the size of on - dye memory ( cache ) .
We started with 2 k caches ; these are now at 2 MB for L3 cache on some Nehalem processors .
Increase the number of levels of on - dye caching .
We started with one level ; we now have three levels .
What 's the betting we 'll see L4 caching at the next die - shrink ' tick ' ?
Add on - dye high - speed core - to - core data - paths to replace the Front Side Bus .
AMD did it a while back with their Hypertransport .
Intel has just played catch - up with Nehalem and their QuickPath Interconnect .
Add / increase the number of register files .
Duplicate sets of registers that can be switched with a single instruction .
They 've been doing this on embedded processors for decades .
Implement NUMA in hardware .
Look at the architecture of the Cell processor .
By using one PPE to oversee 8 SPEs , and giving each SPE its own local memory as well as access to the PPE larger on - chip caches , you effectively have an 8 - way NUMA architecture on a chip .
In summary , relating modern CPU architectures to the OS techniques developed for the IO - bound supercomputer architectures of the 1980s and '90s just sets up another Straw Man that is easily knocked down .
But it does n't have any relevance to the short - term ( 2 - 5 years ) or medium - term ( 5 - 10 ) futures .
Much less the long - term 20 year time frame over which you projected your numbers game .
Making predictions for what will be in 20 years time in this industry is always fraught ; but I 'll have a go below ( ** ) .
Your third mistake , albeit that it is just a variation on 2 above , is when you say : " On a NUMA system there is a big distinction between remote and local memory . " .
Your assumption is that NUMA has to be implemented in software , at the OS level , and sit above discrete cores .
As I 've pointed out above , IBM et al. ( STI ) have already implemented ( a form of ) NUMA in hardware , and it sits subordinate to the OS .
In this way , the independence ( contention - free status ) of the cores running under NUMA is achieved , whilst they each operate upon sub-divisions of memory that come from a single , threaded - process at the OS level .
This effectively inverts the " local " and " remote " status of memory as compared with convention NUMA clusters .
Whilst the local memory has to be kept in synchronisation with the remote memory , the contention is nominal as the contents of each local memory is simply caching a copy of a small section of the remote ( main ) memory .
Just as L3 caching does within current processors .
And as each local cached copy is of an entirely different sub-division of the main memory , there is no contention .
(**)
My prediction for the medium - term 10 year , future ( I chickened out of the long - term :) , is that each application will be a single , multi- threaded process running within its own virtualised OS image .
And at the hypervisor level , the task will be to simply distribute the threads and physical memory amongst the cores ; bringing more cores on - line , or switching them off , as the workloads vary .
This means that the threads of a particular VM / process / application will tend to cluster over a limited number of the available cores , controlled by dynamic affinity algorithms , but with the potential to distribute any single task 's threads over the full complement of available cores should the need arise , and appropriate algorithm be chosen .
But that 's about as far as I 'm prepared to go .
Time will tell for sure :)
Examine what is said , not who speaks -- Silence betokens consent --
Love the truth but pardon error .
" Science is about questioning the status quo. Questioning authority " .
In the absence of evidence , opinion is indistinguishable from prejudice .
" Too many [ ] have been sedated by an oppressive environment of political correctness and risk aversion . "
Very informative and enjoyable read , even if a lot went over my head ++ BrowserUk .
I do hope you find the time to complete it , perhaps it would then make a good Meditation .
How often do you think it can be expected that your program will have the whole of the computer to ( ab)use ?
How often do you think the computer does n't have several other tasks to run ?
IMnsHO for most applications , one core will be plenty and the multiple cores will be used by multiple processes .
For most of the rest , splitting the task into a few parts and running several instances of the program will be both good enough and easiest .
So no , I do not think " multicore " programming is something most developers will need to care about in the near to mid future .
There is one big problem with the ( even partially ) automatic concurrency .
If you split the task into too many too small pieces then you waste more than you gain .
A perfect example would be the paralelization of something like @result = map { $ _ * 2} @source ; .
The task you need to do with the items is simply too simple and inexpensive .
Even if you split the ( huge ) @source into just a few parts and parallelized those , the overhead would slam any gain .
But once the chunks get sufficiently big , they usually also get too complex to parallelize automatically .
So I 'm a little skeptic .
P.S. : I believe the concurrent stuff has been taken out of Clean .
It did use to be called " Concurrent Clean " originally , but the concurrent evaluation annotations had been removed in version 2.0 .
Not sure what 's the current status of things .
Jenda
Enoch was right !
Enjoy the last years of Rome .
How often do you think it can be expected that your program will have the whole of the computer to ( ab)use ?
How often do you think the computer does n't have several other tasks to run ?
Programs should not bother about limiting their CPUs / CPU time usage .
Actually it is quite the opposite , they should use as many ( concurrent ) CPU resources as possible in order to finish sooner .
It is the operative system who has the responsibility to ensure that some program does not degrade the performance of any other application running concurrently by just creating too many threads or any other mean .
I 'm not talking about limiting themselves artificially .
I 'm talking about bending backwards to escape the single core limitation .
I do believe that most often it 's not needed .
That most often there 's plenty other processes to use the other cores .
And that if all those processes attempt to use several cores , they will all finish later than if they did not bother .
Jenda
Enoch was right !
Enjoy the last years of Rome .
There are already optimizations made with respect to pipelining and with instruction sets themselves .
To say the world will remain single core is to assume that every instruction is the direct ancestral result of what came before , every time .
I do n't think this is a reality of computing more than a perception of what we 're used to .
You need multiple cores for so many reasons these days : anything with java including firefox ( firehog IMHO ) , windows , daemons , indexing , databases , and so on .
Within each of these lies the opportunity to parallelize .
Concurrency is a bug - spawning PITA .
Managing access to shared resources is hard , and hard to test well .
Any programming discipline which delegates responsibility for managing a large pool of shared objects to the user is a dead end .
The easiest way to achieve reliable concurrency is to minimize the number of shared resources .
Using OS processes as your concurrency model achieves this without imposing any constraints on choice of programming language .
Unfortunately for those of us trying to write cross- platform compatible open source code , the menu of IPC techniques that work accross a wide breadth of operating systems is very limited .
IMO , this is a problem which needs to be solved through OS innovation , not language innovation .
Marvin Humphrey
Rectangular Research ― -- Marvin HumphreyRectangular Research ― http://www.rectangular.com
Does not compute .
OS innovation != cross platform .
Language innovation can help with cross platform coding if the language implementers are sufficiently clever .
See , for example , Perl 's fork ( ) implementation on Windows .
Not perfect , but better than anything MS is likely to give us in the next 10 years .
I think Erlang is about as close to " OS innovation " as you 're likely to see in this space .
The Erlang runtime is practically a little OS unto itself with its own process model , networking , storage , etc. - sam
Previous related applications ( mostly written > 5 years ago ) were written in high performance programming languages like C/C+ +
I have to say in advance that I 've never did some serious Haskell programming , but I do n't think this statement is true .
C is still the language of choice for this kind of tools .
If you are capable of writing a high performance string matching tool , it will be quite trivial for you to make it multi- threaded .
The guys in our department worked really hard for over a year on a very efficient suffix array tool , parallelizing it was a matter of weeks .
Another reason to choose " high performance programming languages " when it comes to high performance computing is simply memory .
I know RAM is cheep these days , but suffix arrays are demanding .
For example if you want to search in the complete human genome , you 'll need far more than 8 gigs RAM with the most efficient suffix array implementations available .
C is still the language of choice for this kind of tools .
If you are capable of writing a high performance string matching tool ... I know that , and that is why I asked that question .
Is it worth to spend > 1 year coding a " very efficient suffix array tool " when ( maybe ) you can code it in less time being less efficient but in a language that supports parallel and concurrent computation ( ideally ) easily ?
The point about memory is relevant , but I do n't know if critical in this case ( I 'm not trying to build suffix arrays over strings of 3 Gbs )
Thanks for your reply , citromatik
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - “ American Idol ” runner - up Adam Lambert has told Rolling Stone magazine he is gay , answering a question that followed the singer for months since he gained millions of fans on the No. 1 U.S. TV talent show .
“ I do n’t think it should be a surprise for anyone to hear that I ’m gay , ” Lambert told the music magazine in excerpts from an interview that were released on Tuesday .
“ I ’m proud of my sexuality , ” he said .
“ I embrace it .
It ’s just another part of me . ”
The issue with Lambert on the cover hits newsstands this Friday , with the full interview inside .
During his “ American Idol ” run Lambert was known for his falsetto singing , outlandish costumes , eyeliner and fingernail polish .
He was nicknamed “ Glambert ” and Entertainment Weekly magazine called him “ the most exciting ‘ American Idol ’ contestant in years . ”
When he lost in May ’s finale to the more buttoned - down Kris Allen , some fan websites and the media buzzed with speculation that being gay cost him votes from viewers who pick a winner .
Lambert , who was widely considered the front - runner going into the finale , had never publicly said he was gay .
In March , when photos appeared on the Internet of him kissing another man and dressed in drag , he said only : “ I have nothing to hide .
I am who I am . ”
Slideshow ( 8 images )
His sexuality became an issue widely covered in the media because “ Idol , ” seen by an average of about 26 million viewers a week in 2009 , had never crowned an openly gay winner .
The runner - up in 2003 , Clay Aiken , hid his sexuality for years after his run on the show , coming out as gay in 2008 .
The Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation , a group that advocates for homosexual rights , said it hopes Lambert ’s “ decision to live openly and honestly inspires gay people and opens the hearts and minds of his fans . ”
Also on Tuesday , producer 19 Recordings said it had signed Lambert to a record contract and that his debut album will likely be released in the fall through RCA Records .
The announcement came a day after 19 Recordings said it had signed Allen to a record deal , a guaranteed result of his first - place finish on “ American Idol . ”
19 Recordings is run by Simon Fuller , executive producer of “ American Idol . ”
Lambert , 27 , grew up in San Diego , California , and starred in musical theater before trying out for “ Idol ” last year .
Slideshow ( 8 images )
In the Rolling Stone interview , he said he had a “ psychedelic experience ” at an annual festival held in the Nevada desert called Burning Man , and that experience convinced him to try out for “ American Idol . ”
“ I realized that we all have our own power , and that whatever I wanted to do , I had to make happen , ” Lambert told Rolling Stone .
Lambert also revealed a crush on Allen , who was his roommate for much of the two singers ’ run on “ American Idol . ”
“ He ’s the one guy that I found attractive in the whole group on the show : nice , nonchalant , pretty and totally my type -- except that he has a wife , ” Lambert joked .
“ American Idol ” is broadcast by the Fox network , a unit of News Corp .
Past winners , including Kelly Clarkson and Carrie Underwood , have enjoyed Grammy - winning careers , but stardom has also touched runners - up such as Chris Daughtry .
The following is excerpted from the text of a speech to be delivered today in Washington by Jack Layton , leader of the federal New Democratic Party :
Sixty years ago Canadians families were on their own to pay doctor and hospital bills .
Those with the money got the medical attention they needed , but those without struggled .
Some sold their farms , or remortgaged their homes , and still others went without care , suffered , and even died because they did n't have the money .
Sound familiar ?
One of my predecessors as leader of the New Democrats , a man named Tommy Douglas , knew that this was wrong .
That this ran counter to the values of Canadians .
To correct this injustice Tommy and my party set out a vision in which everyone received the health care they needed regardless of their income .
And so , in 1947 in the prairie province of Saskatchewan , Tommy tabled the first piece of legislation that set us on the path to universal health insurance in Canada .
And while many take it for granted today , Tommy and his supporters fought a decades - long battle to usher in Canadian medicare .
There were opponents every step of the way .
Sometimes it was small business , other times it was the big corporations .
Sometimes it was the patient groups , other times it was the doctor groups .
In 1961 when Tommy and my party launched Canada 's first public health - care program in Saskatchewan , those vested interests responded with fury – doctors even went on strike !
In an attempt to block change , those doctors left sick women , men and children without care .
Leaving communities in desperate and dire need .
But the hard - working women and men of Saskatchewan knew what was right .
After just three weeks , under sustained public pressure , the doctors strike collapsed .
For the first time , health care was a right and not a privilege .
For the first time , accidents and illness would n't condemn families to poverty .
For the first time , the health of Canadian families was put before profits , and by 1984 the Canada Health
Act secured a national public health - care system that has since become part of our Canadian identity .
That 's because it reflects our values of equality and shared responsibility , but also because the Canadian health - care system works .
This Easter I had both knees operated on .
I saw a doctor of my choice , quickly got an MRI and just a few short weeks later – it was elective surgery – I had the operation and was on the mend .
My credit card stayed in my wallet – I just had to show my Canadian medicare card .
So take it from me – public health care was worth the fight , and for Canadians , it 's worth fighting to keep it strong .
Americans should know that when the battle begins here in earnest once again .
It 'll be dirty , it 'll get nasty and victory is n't certain .
The battle lines have already been drawn .
President Obama has thrown down the gauntlet and put a viable plan on the table – one that will cover the 46 million Americans without health insurance , and stop medical bills from being the most common source of bankruptcy in America .
His grassroots campaign begins in earnest in just three days , and people across America are filled with hope that change will come .
But progressive leaders and the American people will need to be united in their resolve , because the forces of the vested interests are gathering against change that 's in the public interest .
And they 're sowing the seeds of fear with myths and lies about Canadian health care .
Here 's the truth : Canada and the U.S. spend about the same on public health care – around 7 per cent of GDP according to the OECD .
But in Canada public health care covers everyone and in the States it covers just one - third of the population .
In fact , when you add in the costs of private care , Canada spends 10 per cent of GDP on health care and the U.S. spends 16 per cent .
That 's $ 2,500 less per capita – and in Canada everyone is covered !
Canada does well on quality of care , too .
Maybe you 've seen those TV ads with Canadian private care promoter Dr. Brian Day saying – quote – " patients are dying as they wait for care in Canada . "
That 's simply not the case .
In fact – half of acute care patients are seen within six minutes in emergency .
And for much elective surgery , like knee and hip replacements in Ontario , there are no longer wait lists .
Wait times do n't go away in a private system , but they are reduced by better practices like surgeons working in teams , as programs in many provinces have proved .
The truth is that Canadian health outcomes are excellent .
The public data is very clear :
From infant mortality to healthy life expectancy to injury recovery , Canada outperforms the United States .
Satisfaction rates are high too – 85 per cent of Canadians are " very " or " somewhat satisfied " with the service they receive .
Our system is founded on equality .
That equality ensures everyone receives good health care , and good care in turn means a better chance in life , it means more equality and opportunity in Canada .
What the advocates of for - profit health care in Canada are doing is putting wealth before the health of their patients .
You know , when the admitting nurse checks your credit card balance before your pulse , you 're as far away from patient - centred care as you can get .
And to the vast majority of Canadians , that 's simply not fair .
The Canadian health - care system is n't perfect , but it works .
And today America desperately needs a health - care system that works here , too .
I believe that with resolve , united purpose and bold vision that you 'll get it .
You will – finally – have a health - care system that shares the best of your values .
A public health - care system that works for the American people .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Spending on health care is good for the economy – it's a win-win .
Right now , the Canadian health - care system gives businesses a competitive advantage .
In the United States , health care is so costly that companies are being forced to choose between shareholder returns and care for their employees .
General Motors U.S.A. spends $ 10,000 every minute on health care .
That 's $ 5 billion a year .
It costs General Motors Canada $ 8 less per hour per employee to do business simply because Canada has a public health - care system .
Health - care costs in the United States have contributed to the crippling of the auto sector , and reducing health - care costs through the economy will boost the American economy overall .
It looks like the website for Kojima ’s “ NEXT ” project has been holding some secrets in its source code , including some “ solid ” developments .
An analysis of the site ’s code revealed the following information :
< meta name = ” keywords ” content = ” Hideo Kojima , MGS , *METAL GEAR * , NEXT , game , konami , kojima game , KJP , Kojima Production “>
In case you ’re wondering what meta tags are , they make your web pages revelavant to search engines .
Looks like we know exactly what Kojima and his team are up to .
Get ready for the big reveal , tonight on the website at 9 pm EST .
Thanks to StalkingSilence for the tip .
*** Update ***:
There are 25 buses with the ads .
They will be up through June .
…
Finally !
Atheist bus ads come to my city of of Chicago , thanks to a private donor who gave money to the Indiana Atheist Bus Campaign .
What will the ads look like ?
A simple and true statement , yet powerful enough to begin several conversations .
I ’m not sure when these will go live , but I ’m already looking forward to the fake controversy that local media will generate over this .
( via Indiana Atheist Bus Campaign )
... is never a good idea .
It came up sort of randomly .
I was standing with two co-workers , one who I knew to be deeply religious ( here - after referred to as D ) and another whom which I knew not their religious views ( now referred to as T ) .
T mentions out of nowhere , that she is thinking about turning her life over to God , but she simply knows that it would be pointless , because she is already going to hell .
D spends a lengthy time discussing with her that she can still be saved .
Eventually T confesses another thing that bothered her about God , and it was that he lets so many bad things happen .
How can he know everything , and still let these things happen .
D again went into a lengthy discussion .
This entire time I stayed completely out of it , pretended not to be listening , until D did something unexpected .
She turned to me , and said , " Do you agree with me ? "
Now , any sane person might have politely declined the invitation to join the conversation , but I 'm not sane , nor polite , so I simply said , " No . " This startled her a little bit , which was n't so surprising to me .
She naturally followed up with , " Why not ?
" I said , " I refuse to attempt to rationalize a loving God against the evil in the world , but instead simply disregard the premise it 's built on .
I do n't believe that there is a God .
This solves your dilemma simply , and to me , satisfyingly .
" I do n't think D took me as seriously as I had intended to be , because she said something along the lines of , " Oh you " and continued her discussion with T .
They went on for a good while longer , until she said something that I just could not let slide .
They were discussing free - will , and D said something along the lines of , " We all make our own decisions , God just knows them in advance . "
If you had been inside my brain at the time she had said that you would have thought World War III was about to happen .
Red alerts , sirens , flags , bombs exploding , my brain had just been assaulted by a nuclear anti-logic weapon , and I had to interject .
" Uh , what ? " " Every decision that we make is our choice . "
" I mostly agree , but how can it be a choice if God already knows ? " " He makes it your choice , him knowing does n't make it less of a choice for you . " " You 're saying that free will can exist in the face of predetermined destiny .
You do realize those two things are INHERENTLY mutually exclusive , right ? " " No , not at all .
You can have free will .
Hold on , I do n't think I 'm explaining this right .
" This is when I got uncomfortable , because she pulled out her phone and began a conversation with somebody .
She repeated what she had said a few more times , after earning the approval of whoever was on the line , but I still felt like we were misunderstanding each other .
So she handed me the phone .
I was curious , " Hello ? " " Hi there .
What is your question ?
" I rephrased my question slightly , " How do you rationalize God 's omniscience and still maintain that we have free will ?
" We went back and forth , and I felt like neither of us were understanding , or listening to the other person , until finally she said , " God gives us the ability to chose , by not acting .
You can not say God is doing anything , and therefore it 's still / YOUR / choice . "
" I respectfully disagree .
Simply by that information EXISTING it invalidates your decision .
It revokes its right to be called a choice , whether the information is accessible to you or not , is completely irrelevant . " " Child , " she said , which raised my suspicion , " you cannot bring God to the human level to attempt to understand him .
He is unexplainable .
" This frustrated me .
I responded , " That does nothing to further the discussion then .
We can simply end the conversation on that note , and have gotten nowhere . " " There are many things that cannot be discussed , or understood by us , you must simply have faith .
" At this point , I was just ready to get off of the phone .
I said politely , " I see what you 're saying .
I appreciate your time .
I 'm going to give the phone back to D now , thank you again for taking the time to talk to me . " " You 're welcome .
" She hung up before I handed the phone back to D. [ Call Ended : Pastor Jill ( Not real name . ) ]
I became flush .
I had spent the last thirty minutes arguing with a Pastor and it had n't even occurred to me .
I thought she was just one of D's friends .
Despite my embarrassment at not knowing , I beamed with pride .
I felt like we had a cordial , albeit fruitless , debate .
The moral of the story ?
I do n't know .
The moment she brought faith into it I was no longer able to continue the discussion .
I just thought I would share my amusing experience at work today .
It 's the first time I have ever been able to discuss theology with somebody who was n't going to throw insults or become easily flustered , and it was a lot of fun .
Pete and his manager Dick were ACME Corporation 's version of The Odd Couple .
They both shared in the support and maintenance of a monstrous in - house spawned order processing / network monitoring / invoice printing / slashy / slash / slash system written in Visual C++.
However , while Pete kept up in the latest technology trends and was always on the lookout for new solutions to old problems , Dick was a very conservative manager with twenty - five company years under his belt .
To Dick , " change " was only a Good Thing when it added up to 65 ¢ , which was the exact amount required to buy a ginger ale from the soda machine .
What kept Pete and Dick from being a perfect couple was that Dick was Pete 's supervisor and often times , he got his way .
Back in the late - 90's , Pete had caught wind of some " Java " thing starting to pick up steam .
When comparing features , he found that many of the kludgy , half - hearted attempts at a supportable solution they developed would have been scads easier to do using Java .
Intrigued at the prospect of a better codebase that took less to develop , Pete coded up a new modules in Java as a proof of concept .
For a prototype , it seemed to work well .
That is , until it hit a roadblock named Dick .
You see , Dick had heard about Java , too .
" You 're a developer , not a hacker , " Dick ranted after being shown the Java prototype , " we already have the right tools for the job at our hands .
Anything that must be run as bytecode through a virtual machine will always be ten times slower ! "
Order Jamming
As the years past by , Dick continued to have misgivings about Java .
Whenever someone said the word " Java " , his knee - jerk reaction was * cough * virtualmachine * cough * .
As developers from other teams began using Java tools for themselves , he'd shake his head , roll his eyes back , and eagerly await the first opportunity to say " told you so " if anything unexpected occurred .
Even something as little as a typo .
Not all Java encounters , however , ended with just an eyeroll .
One day , after being impacted by a " major Java failure " in another department 's application , Dick dished out some full - fledged , beat - in - the - face , you 'll - be- lucky - if - you - have -a- job - in - the - mailroom - once - I 'm - through - with - you anger to one of the lead developer in the other group .
And for good reason : the application in question was a J2EE - based order processing system that used Oracle databases and Enterprise Java Beans .
That fell directly into the crosshairs of Dick 's anti-Java artillery .
Curious as to the technical details of the failure , Pete inquired with the developer .
The problem , as he explained , occurred in the middle of a seasonal heavy volume period where the number of orders per second peaked into the hundreds .
During that time , it took several minutes to complete a transaction , making the performance comparable to that of a crusty old 486 .
Dick had of predictably blamed Java .
" Had it always buckled under the pressure ? "
Pete asked .
" No , " replied the colleague , " we 're on Version 3 of the system ; it 's not like they had gained thousands of customers overnight . "
" So what happened recently to make things so bad ? " asked Pete .
" Dick happened . "
Previously , the system had used a message queue system to pass data between it and the big server in the Financials group .
However , now , every single transaction was saved off to a custom table in the database , dumped to a common directory on Unix , and then were transferred out by a cron job via FTP .
Pete asked why on earth they were writing the transactions to text files .
" That 's most likely what 's slowing the whole thing down so much , " the developer explained .
" Dick insisted that , if we were to interface with your system , then we'd have to write everything to text files for reliability .
He likes to have the data around where he can see it .
To the best that we can tell , he just did n't trust the whole Java and database thing . "
Though " Javagate " did n't have the outcome that Dick had hoped — having the mature order processing system be scrapped in favor of something a little lower in the alphabet than " J " — he still remained bitter about technology .
A Sure Thing !
Because of ACME 's expertise in building specialized logistical software , a Norwegian company named FooNorsk sent some suit n' tie guys to probe ACME for a really big thing : they had just won a government contract to automate the transportation of passengers around the whole country and wanted ACME to develop some parts of the system .
The system would be responsible for tracking all the vehicles ( trains , buses and boats ) using GPS , automatically planning all the schedules , coordinating different transportation systems , solving problems due to service interruptions , delays , etc .
It was slated to be installed in a big server farm near Oslo and require hundreds of servers to run .
Oh , and it was to be based in J2EE .
Pete and Dick attended some meetings with the tall , Viking - looking guys .
In a break for coffee , Pete was talking with FooNorsk 's main engineer about how ACME had done plenty of Java based projects and had so much expertise in the subject .
When the meeting resumed , the discussion went about some more technical details .
Dick then sealed the fate of the meeting with these killer sentences :
" So , your system is made in Java ?
We do n't use any Java around here , it 's just too slow .
It has no use in our line of business .
Why do n't you use C++ instead ? "
Needless to say , the contract was lost in that precise moment .
Haro sur les gauchistes de l’université !
On a enfin une explication aux mobilisations qui secouent le monde de l’enseignement supérieur et de la recherche depuis quatorze semaines : elles sont manipulées par l’extrême gauche !
Le 4 mai , le porte - parole de l ’Union pour un mouvement populaire ( UMP ) Frédéric Lefebvre fustigeait ainsi la « minorité de surexcités qui sacrifie pour des raisons idéologiques l’avenir des jeunes ».
Le même jour , l’éditorialiste du Figaro , Yves Thréard , expliquait à ses lecteurs que l’université française « continue de creuser sa tombe par la faute de quelques enragés ».
Dans la foulée , le socialiste François Hollande tançait « une extrême gauche qui cherche , pour des raisons qui lui appartiennent , à engager un conflit qui n’a que trop duré ( 1 ) » .
Il crut même retrouver un instant des airs thoréziens en clamant : « à un moment , il faut savoir sortir d’un conflit » , oubliant juste la seconde partie de la phrase prononcée en juin 1936 par le secrétaire général du Parti communiste français : «
Dès l’instant où les revendications essentielles ont été obtenues . »
Et en la matière , on peut dire que l’on est loin du compte : le démantèlement du Centre national de la recherche scientifique ( CNRS ) continue sur sa lancée .
Le contrat doctoral destiné à financer les étudiants inscrits en thèse est à ce point assorti de tâches administratives et d’enseignement qu’on se demande quand ils vont faire des recherches , et la réforme de la formation des enseignants du second degré est – victoire décisive s’il en est – reportée d’un an… Quant au décret sur le statut des enseignants - chercheurs , il demeure très insatisfaisant , tant ses réécritures – deux fois , aime à rappeler la ministre de l’enseignement supérieur et de la recherche , Mme Valérie Pécresse – restent conforme à l’original .
Et tout ceci pour ne rien dire des réductions budgétaires qui affectent indifféremment universités et laboratoires de recherche .
Dans ces conditions , on comprendra que la mobilisation ne faiblisse pas .
Contrairement aux informations du cabinet du ministre , complaisamment relayées par les médias , elle ne se limite pas à quelques universités bloquées .
Les modalités de lutte se sont diversifiées , notamment avec la rétention administrative des notes , pratiquée dans l’écrasante majorité des établissements , et les menaces pesant sur l’organisation des examens .
A tel point d’ailleurs que naît une tension pratiquement insoluble entre enseignants et étudiants .
Les premiers n’ont guère plus que le blocage administratif à opposer à l’entêtement gouvernemental , et les seconds craignent de perdre leur année universitaire .
Un cas de figure – nous rappellent les chantres de la réforme – dont les conséquences seraient particulièrement dramatiques pour les étudiants provenant des milieux populaires , dont beaucoup doivent enchaîner les petits boulots pour payer leurs études .
Ici , ce n’est pas le moindre des paradoxes de voir des gouvernants découvrir subitement ces étudiants , alors même que la rareté des bourses et la faiblesse des capacités d’accueil des cités universitaires semblent suggérer que leur situation ne les préoccupe généralement pas autant …
Leurs légitimes inquiétudes quant à l’avenir se convertissent en l’étendard que les réformateurs brandissent contre l’« inconscience » ou l’« inconséquence » de ces enseignants - chercheurs « privilégiés » qui refusent le « progrès ».
Pourtant , à y regarder de près , le « progrès » dont se prévalent la ministre et ses proches ressemble plutôt à une régression , dont les étudiants des milieux populaires pourraient bien être les premières victimes .
Car il serait erroné de penser que le violent démenti apporté par la crise économique aux théories libérales ait refroidi les ardeurs de leurs défenseurs .
Il suffit pour s’en convaincre de parcourir un rapport récent de l ’Organisation de coopération et de développement économiques ( OCDE ) , qui se félicitait des évolutions en cours dans le monde de l’enseignement supérieur et la recherche français et préconisait d’« élargir l’autonomie des universités au - delà de ce qui a été réalisé en 2007 , surtout pour la gestion budgétaire , le recrutement et la rémunération du personnel .
(…)
De nouvelles mesures sont nécessaires pour favoriser le financement privé des universités , notamment en ayant davantage recours aux droits de scolarité , cette mesure se doublant de prêts étudiants remboursables en fonction du revenu ultérieur ( 2 ) ».
Cette philosophie sous - tend l’ensemble des réformes contestées par la communauté universitaire .
Ses effets sont connus , aux Etats - Unis notamment : il s’agit du creusement des inégalités entre établissements .
D’un côté , un enseignement et une recherche d’élite , financés par des institutions privées et des droits d’inscription élevés pour des étudiants solvables , issus de la bourgeoisie nationale et de celle des pays émergents ; de l’autre , des « collèges supérieurs » chargés d’absorber les effets de l’élévation générale du niveau scolaire qui devront essayer de devancer les attentes toujours fluctuantes et souvent contradictoires en matière de recrutement des entreprises locales .
Dans ce contexte idéologique , les enseignants , les chercheurs , les personnels administratifs et les étudiants mobilisés peuvent passer pour des gauchistes aux yeux du gouvernement , des journalistes qui le soutiennent et même de M. Hollande .
La défense d’un service public d’enseignement et de recherche de qualité semble en effet tellement saugrenue qu’elle en est presque révolutionnaire .
We write about products and services that we use .
This page may contain affiliate links for which we receive a commission .
Earth
Hour awesomely closed out the month of March and unofficially ushered in April — which is known as Earth Month .
Why is April called Earth Month ?
As Lighter Footsteps says , it ’s because April contains 3 uber - eco-holidays :
That ’s an awful lot of green for one month , eh ( for our Canadian readers ) ?
What are some FUN ways to celebrate and enjoy living green in Earth Month ?
Let us show you …
Sometimes the hard part about living green is NOT finding things to do or to change , but choosing which of the many options and ideas to take part in .
Every little step counts , so do n’t overwhelm yourself this month … or ever .
With all the eco-events happening around you this month , there is sure to be plenty of fun activities to participate in .
Fun Earth Month Activities
# 1 – Take The Earth Hour to Earth Day Challenge :
If you missed our explanation of this challenge last month , it ’s not too late to get involved in Cool People Care ’s Earth Hour to Earth Day ( EH2ED ) challenge !
I ’m LOVING my daily emails AND the EH2ED tweets !
Check out the challenge to both easily build in some new habits and earn a free copy of New Day Revolution .
# 2 – Win an Energy Star Qualified Fridge from Whole Foods :
Whole Foods is celebrating Earth Month in lots of ways … and making it easy for you to do so as well !
You can test your eco -IQ in their trivia games , enter for a chance to win an Energy Star qualified fridge from Bosch , download their Earth Month calendar ( .pdf ) to learn a different simple eco-friendly step to take for 30 days , and much more !
# 3 – Find or Plan an Earth Day Event Near You :
The Earth Day Network makes it VERY easy to find , plan , or register an Earth Day event happening near you .
If you ’re planning your own , do n’t worry , it does n’t have to be large scale .
It could just be you and a few of your friends .
Check out the Earth Day in a Box guide .
It will REALLY help in your planning !
P.S. The picture above is an actual photo I took at 2007 ’s Earth Day festival here in Nashville , TN .
# 4 – Plant a Tree and Visit a Landmark :
The Arbor Day website has lots of incredible ideas for getting involved in Arbor Day this year !
Whether you want tree planting ideas or a facebook application , they ’ve got you covered !
You can also observe the lesser known World Heritage Day .
A quick Google search should return some historical landmarks near you that you did n’t even know existed .
How much fun would it be to take some time out of our busy and mediated lives to connect with parts of our heritage that we never knew before …or have maybe simply forgotten ?
Bonus : visiting all of those great landmarks near you will most likely be totally free !
What are you most looking forward to doing during Earth Month ?
Shaquille O’Neal seems to be dubbed with a new nickname every time he opens his mouth .
The Big Aristotle .
Shaq Diesel .
The Big Cactus .
As he moves on to become The Big Sidekick next to LeBron James after the Suns dealt him to Cleveland on the eve of the draft pending league approval , do n’t forget to add The Big Disappointment from his none too brief tenure with the Suns .
Shaquille O’Neal brought the Magic to their first - ever NBA Finals , he brought the Lakers a three - peat ( and it would have been more if he did n’t also buy his own ticket out of town ) , and he brought the Miami Heat a championship as well .
All Shaquille O’Neal brought the Phoenix Suns was one measly playoff victory after the team had fallen behind 3 - 0 in a series that was basically over .
When the Suns dealt the glue of their contending teams for him a year and a half ago and Shaq held up his one finger yet to feel the warmth of a championship ring , the Suns were expecting a bit more than that .
Now he ’s gone , off in the night as the rest of the league waits for the draft to descend , leaving with as little surprise as there was shock when he was originally traded for .
In his place the Suns are receiving nothing but salary relief : a soon - to - be- released Sasha Pavlovic , a possibly soon - to - retire Ben Wallace , a 2010 second - round pick and $ 500,000 in cold hard cash .
The best way to describe Shaq ’s tenure in Phoenix is that Shaq was that rectangular - shaped Lego piece that you keep trying to jam into a square hole .
Sometimes you can cram a piece of it in there and pretend like it works , such as what happened during the short - lived “ Seven Seconds or Shaq ” Era , but at the end of the day the piece just does n’t fit .
You almost wanted Alvin Gentry to submit to a lie detector test when he kept talking about how great it was to be able to throw the ball down low to the Most Dominant Ever .
The thing is Gentry ’s Suns are built to run guys like Shaq off the floor .
Sure , it was nice to get a few easy buckets once in a while , but the Suns cannot compete with Nash and Shaq guarding the opposition ’s pick - and - roll when his offensive game does n’t mesh either .
On one hand , this is a case of addition by subtraction in that now Amare ( assuming he ’s not dealt either ) is free to operate on the low block by himself , and Nash wo n’t have to worry about mouths to feed , he can just play Phoenix Suns basketball and whoever ’s open shoots the rock , just like old times .
As for what the Suns tangibly get out of this ?
A pile of money large enough for Scrooge McDuck to dive into .
First off , Pavlovic will be waived before he even can get to Phoenix .
Only $ 1.5 million of his $ 4.95 mil deal is guaranteed , a savings of $ 3.45 mil times two because of luxury savings for a final savings of $ 6.9 million .
Those savings balloon to $ 10 million when factoring in the differences between the salaries the Suns are taking back and Shaq as well as luxury savings , not to mention the half mil Cleveland is throwing in .
The second - round pick obviously does n’t really matter with the Cavs expected to be among the NBA ’s elite next season .
The big question mark here is whether or not Ben Wallace retires and what kind of buyout he would take .
Ben Wallace in his prime would be a godsend for the Suns , running the floor in transition and protecting the rim .
The Ben Wallace the Suns are getting is an athletic shell of the Ben Wallace we remember from his Detroit days , so if Wallace spends next year in the Phoenix area then Suns fans better hope that it ’s in Sun City .
After the playoffs ended , Big Ben hinted at possibly be willing to walk away from his entire salary , and if nothing else he should be game to give up a huge chunk of that .
Obviously , this also puts a huge hole in the middle in Phoenix ( as if that ’s anything new ) .
Only Amare , Robin Lopez and Lou Amundson remain , which is pretty scary for Suns fans considering Amare ’s uncertain health .
The Suns must add a big man either through the draft or free agency .
B.J. Mullens now becomes an option at No. 14 , although let ’s hope the Suns pass on the raw seven - footer in favor of a more established small forward .
This means Robert Sarver 100 percent absolutely must put his money where his mouth is and pick up at least a quality backup big in free agency , if nothing else , with some of the money saved in this deal .
The reason why I wrote about this trade as something I wanted the Suns to do immediately after Cleveland lost to Orlando is because we all knew Sarver was going to make a move , be it dealing Nash , Amare or Shaq .
He just was n’t going to take that big of a luxury hit for a borderline playoff team , like he did last year with not even a postseason trip to show for the sixth - most expensive squad in the NBA .
Trading Shaq is by far the best one of those scenarios , and if he keeps the rest of the team intact and adds the lottery pick and another piece in free agency ( a big man ) , then the Phoenix Suns should reestablish their old identity as a devastating running team that knows exactly what it is ( unlike last year ) .
That ’s not to say the Suns wo n’t miss Shaq ( who is surprisingly quiet on Twitter as of this writing ) .
He ’s such a character and one of the best showmen in the league .
I for one ca n’t wait to see all the antics he will pull with LeBron , and I ’m happy that he now has a legit chance to win another ring with another superstar swingman .
It ’s kind of ironic that the Shaq Era was such a failure when Shaq himself did everything that could have been expected of him as a third - team All - NBAer this past season , and his health was even better than advertised as well .
It ’s just this proves that the Phoenix Suns changed forever on Feb. 7 , 2008 , when Shaq joined the roster .
In short , it just was n’t meant to be , and the Suns really have n’t been the same since , although maybe the deal only accelerated the Suns ’ downward slide from contenderdom that possibly would have happened anyway .
Shaq brought pranks , a trip up the career scoring list and more nicknames than one blogger can remember .
But when he wins just one more playoff game than your grandmother , you ca n’t help but call his tenure in Phoenix “ The Big Disappointment . ”
9 Ways You Can Manage Finances Online
The Internet truly provides convenience in a number of areas .
And one of those areas is finance .
It is possible for you to manage your finances online , allowing you access to crucial financial information from anywhere .
And with online account access , it is possible to find out what you need to know about your situation without sitting on hold forever , listening to horrible instrumental renditions of pop songs .
Here are 9 ways you can set up online money management system :
Personal finance software / budgeting :
If you are looking to keep tabs on all things personal finance in your life , it is possible to sign up for online versions of a number of products and services .
I am a Quicken person myself ( even though I do n’t use the online version ) .
However , Mint.com and GnuCash provide the tools you need to track your expenses , create a budget and manage your cash flow .
Credit profile :
It is a good idea to keep track of what is going on with your credit .
You know that your credit score is important .
You can get one free credit report from each of the three major credit reporting bureaus once a year at annualcreditreport.com .
If you are interested in keeping general tabs on your credit score for free , Credit Karma gives you access to your TransUnion score without charge .
Of course , there are other scores to worry about , but you can get an idea of whether your score is rising or falling by tracking what Credit Karma offers .
Finally , if you do n’t mind spending around $ 50 , you can get a three - bureau report and Fico score from MyFico .
If you ’re really desperate , you can sign up for credit monitoring .
But that will require that you pay a monthly fee .
Managing your debt :
One of the most interesting debt reduction trackers I have seen is DebtGoal .
This online software allows you to figure out how to most quickly pay off your debt , and then track your progress .
There is also a handy iPhone app , Pay Off Debt , developed by PF blogger Blunt Money , aimed at helping you track your debt repayment progress .
Reach your savings goals :
You can go beyond tracking a savings account using your personal finance software when you take advantage of Smarty Pig.
Smarty
Pig is an online savings account that helps you set and track your savings goals .
When you reach your goals , the money is put on a debit card — or even on gift cards to your favorite retailers .
If you are saving up for something short - term , like a vacation or school clothes for the kids , this can be a great tool .
Stay on top of your investment portfolio : Yahoo !
Finance provides a helpful feature that lets you track how your investments are doing .
Build your own portfolio with help from Yahoo !
Finance and get an idea of how you are doing .
Of course , it is also possible to build investment portfolios and keep track of them at brokerage sites , including Zecco , TD Ameritrade , Fidelity , Vanguard and numerous others .
If you do n’t mind paying for access to research , planning and other investment tools , Morningstar offers some great features .
Insurance :
It is important to get the right coverage for the right price .
You can compare coverage and choose what works best for you for auto , health , life and homeowners / renters at Insurance.com .
If you already have insurance that you are satisfied with , find out whether online account access is offered .
Taxes :
If you want an online place to go for all things tax , Turbo Tax can help .
Keep track of your tax information and needs throughout the year , and use your infomration to file your taxes online .
H&R Block also offers similar services .
You can do research and find the “ official ” answers to tax questions on the IRS Web site .
Online banking , bill pay and credit card access :
Most banks allow you to check your account online .
You can usually pay your bills online as well in many cases for free .
The same is true of credit card account access .
It is a good idea to set up online account access for all of your banking so that you can take care of problems quickly , even when you are away from home .
Reaching your goals :
When it comes to setting and reaching your goals , you can get a little help from MyGoals.com .
This site helps you find ways to meet a number of goals , including financial goals .
Make a plan and start achieving .
Tell us if you use other services we should add to the list
If you want to reach your financial goals , it is important to review and track your progress over time .
Online money management tools take the hassle and paper clutter out of the process .
Are you using any of these services or any similar services to manage your finances online ?
Do you recommend any services for managing your money online that I should add to this list ?
Please let me know in the comments so we can keep this list current and helpful for our readers .
Share this Rating
Title : The Adventures of Timmy the Tooth : Lost My Brush ( Video 1995 )
Want to share IMDb 's rating on your own site ?
Use the HTML below .
LANSING --
Anyone arrested for a violent felony in Michigan will be required to provide a DNA sample under legislation signed into law by Gov. Jennifer Granholm .
Granholm announced Monday she had signed the bill along with several others recently passed by the Michigan Legislature .
People arrested for murder , felonious assault , manslaughter , criminal sexual conduct , armed robbery , kidnapping and some other crimes will be required to submit DNA samples .
Previous Michigan law required only those convicted of certain crimes to provide the samples .
Granholm said she also signed bills aimed at cracking down on smugglers who redeem out - of - state pop cans and beer bottles for 10 cents in Michigan .
In other news
• Spartan Stores Inc. said Monday that it has completed acquisition of 17 supermarkets and 15 pharmacies from VG's Food Center Inc. and VG's Pharmacy Inc. Grand Rapids - based Spartan Stores said the deal 's expected to boost its annual sales by about $ 300 million .
The grocery retailer said annual consolidated sales likely will rise by about $ 150 million since Fenton , Mich . - based VG's is already a distribution customer .
• Utilities in Michigan scrambled Monday to restore power knocked out by a gusty weekend storm as rain and melting snow caused flooding .
About 132,000 customers were without electricity in Michigan , down from more than 400,000 on Sunday , according to the state 's utilities .
Some could remain without power until Wednesday because of Sunday 's storm .
• The federal government announced a settlement Monday in a decades - long dispute over wetlands and development in Michigan 's Midland and Bay counties , a case that landed in the U.S. Supreme Court .
John Rapanos and other defendants have agreed to pay a $ 150,000 penalty .
The deal also requires him to construct 100 acres of wetlands and buffer areas in Midland and Arenac counties to make up for 54 acres that were filled in .
-- Associated Press
NEPOTISM REIGNS ….
Mid -day yesterday , I noticed that Mark Halperin had a headline that read , “ Round 2 : Liz Cheney vs Axe . ”
Round 1 , apparently , was President Obama and former Vice President Cheney , and Round 2 ’s “ Axe ” refers to David Axelrod , Senior White House Advisor to the president .
Halperin added , “ The two surrogates weigh in on the Cheney vs. Obama debate shortly after their speeches in MSNBC interviews .
Must - see video… . ”
Notice the problem ?
Liz Cheney was brought on to offer analysis of her own father ’s speech , and parrot her dad ’s criticism of the president .
( What a surprise — she found her dad ’s argument very persuasive . )
What ’s more , as part of a full - throated defense of her dad ’s torture policies , Liz Cheney has been all over the television news .
I asked my friends at Media Matters to check on just how many interviews Cheney has done lately .
They came up with this list that spans the last 10 days ( and today is n’t over yet ) :
* On the May 22 edition of ABC ’s “ Good Morning America ”
* On the May 22 edition of MSNBC ’s “ Morning Joe ”
* On the May 22 edition of CNN ’s “ American Morning ”
* On the May 21 edition of CNN ’s “ AC360 ”
* On the May 21 edition of Fox News ’ “ Hannity ”
* On the May 21 edition of “ MSNBC News Live ”
* On the May 20 edition of Fox News ’ “ Your World ”
* On the May 17 edition of ABC ’s “ This Week with George Stephanopoulos ”
* On the May 16 edition of Fox News ’ “ Fox & Friends Saturday ”
* On the May 15 edition of Fox News ’ “ On the Record ”
* On the May 12 edition of Fox News ’ “ Live Desk ”
* On the May 12 edition of MSNBC ’s “ Morning Joe ”
That ’s 12 appearances , in nine and a half days , spanning four networks .
( On today ’s “ Morning Joe , ” Liz Cheney was on for an entire hour — effectively becoming a co-host of the program . )
And this is just television , and does n’t include Liz Cheney ’s interviews on radio or with print media .
There ’s no modern precedent for such a ridiculous arrangement .
Dick Cheney launches a crusade against the White House , and major outlets look for analysis from Cheney ’s daughter ?
Who everyone already realizes agrees with everything he says about torture ?
This is just crazy .
Just as a report on cyber security ordered by U.S. president Obama nears release , security experts are reportedly describing America 's defenses as " broken , " " childlike , " and " embarrassing . "
Tim Mather , chief strategist for security firm RSA , told the BBC News that the approach relied upon for years is n't working and he thinks we 're seeing a real breaking point in security .
According to the BBC , the security industry is at a crossroads and has a responsibility to alter the way it operates .
The time has come to develop new technologies to keep pace with and move ahead of the threats affecting the whole of cyberspace .
( Source : bbc.co.uk )
Pressure Over Cyber Security Rises
Pressure over the issue of cyber security has risen over the past few weeks following some high profile breaches , the government 's admittance that the country 's power grid was vulnerable to attack and reports of spies hacking into U.S. military computers .
However , the U.S. government 's policies remain shrouded in secrecy .
Larry Clinton , president and CEO of the Internet Security Alliance , says that 80 to 90 percent of cyber security problems can be fixed if businesses follow established best practices .
Clinton also believes Congress should look to provide incentives and aid for private businesses towards adopting stronger cyber security practices .
( Source : itworld.com )
Surveillance a Distraction ?
There is little if any doubt that the security of the Internet needs to be improved .
Cyber attacks are taking their toll on everything and everyone : from banks and credit card companies to government agencies and defense organizations , and many computer users need to be made aware of the risks and taught how to use better security methods .
Better results could also be achieved if the government put as much time and effort into cyber security as they do spying illegally on U.S. citizens and creating domestic terrorists .
Allowing the government to shut down private networks , and potentially monitor traffic on private networks is giving it too much power and it raises questions about free speech in the U.S. ( Source : pcworld.com )
The government 's cyber warfare policies need improvement and the debates need to be open to the public .
Visit Bill 's Links and More for more great tips , just like this one !
SWAMPED : Daniel has been stopped building pebble dams in a two inch deep stream
It has warned ­Daniel Johnson ’s ­father Rob that the little piles of pebbles could block the brook and cause a “ major ­disaster ” .
But Mr Johnson , 33 , said the dams his son beavers away at creating are five inches high and the water in the stream is just a couple of inches deep .
“ I am gobsmacked by this , it ’s just ridiculous , ” he said yesterday .
“ This is about a child being supervised by a parent and playing in a stream two inches deep .
“ We have made pebble dams a few times .
It ’s the stuff you do with your kids .
“ It is a normal , everyday activity , something people do all over the country .
“ The parish council has told me to stop doing it – but even the rain would wash the pebbles away .
“ Daniel does n’t make proper dams .
It ’s just a few pebbles in a row that the water flows around .
We have lots of people stopping us and saying they used to do it with their grandchildren . ”
OTTAWA – Repeated claims by Brian Mulroney that he cancelled the initial version of the Bear Head armoured vehicle project while he was still prime minister are being challenged by a former Mulroney chief of staff .
Norman Spector contends that Mulroney , in his testimony before a public inquiry , has offered an inaccurate picture of his handling of the project backed by businessman Karlheinz Schreiber .
" What we 've learned about Mulroney is that he 's very slippery with words and evasive with his testimony , " Spector told The Canadian Press .
" He did n't cancel the project in any incarnation .
He never cancelled it . "
In the original version of the Bear Head project , first floated in the mid-1980s , the German firm Thyssen AG would have set up a plant in Cape Breton to build light - armoured vehicles for sale to the Canadian military as well as for potential export .
The proposed site of the plant changed after 1992 to east - end Montreal , and the project also shifted away from domestic sales toward a heavier emphasis on export markets .
Mulroney has acknowledged that he accepted at least $ 225,000 from Schreiber to promote the later " reincarnation " of Bear Head after he left office in 1993 .
But during four days of testimony last week at the inquiry headed by Justice Jeffrey Oliphant , Mulroney asserted that he had ditched the original proposal after Spector informed him in late 1990 that it would cost taxpayers too much .
Mulroney pointed to that decision , in his first day on the stand , to rebut any suggestion he had been unduly influenced by Schreiber in personal meetings held to discuss the project .
" He had so much influence with me , and I was so deeply indebted to him , that I cancelled the project , " Mulroney said sarcastically .
" I killed the deal . "
In later testimony , Mulroney suggested he had ordered Spector to put an end to the project , and that Paul Tellier – then the country 's top bureaucrat as clerk of the Privy Council – was in the loop as well .
" When I gave Spector that directive , and he spoke to the clerk of the Privy Council – passing on exactly what I had said , this matter is dead – that is the end of it in that configuration as far as I am concerned . "
Mulroney 's qualifying phrase – " in that configuration " – is important because evidence at the inquiry has made it clear the project did n't actually die but clung to life in an eventually altered form .
Memos from Tellier continued to flow through the bureaucracy and Mulroney has acknowledged he held subsequent meetings with Schreiber , minister Elmer MacKay and Fred Doucet , a former prime ministerial aide who had signed on with Schreiber as a lobbyist .
Spector has testified that in December 1990 , he reported to Mulroney that the project would cost at least $ 100 million a year , and up to $ 765 million in total , beyond previous estimates .
Mulroney 's response , said Spector , was to tell him : " If that 's the case the project 's dead " – a comment that Mulroney has since confirmed as accurate .
But that 's where the agreement between the two men ends .
Mulroney never followed up by issuing explicit orders to kill the project , Spector said in a weekend interview after reading media accounts of Mulroney 's testimony .
" It is not true to say he cancelled it , or he instructed me to cancel it , " said Spector .
" That never happened .
I deny that categorically . "
Spector told the inquiry , when he testified last month , that he passed Mulroney 's December 1990 comments on to Tellier and Robert Fowler , then the deputy defence minister – but was surprised to find in the following months that the project continued to live .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Mulroney first made the claim that he had " instructed " Spector to kill Bear Head in testimony at a court hearing in 1996 .
Since then , Spector complained in his interview , an " urban legend " has grown up because Mulroney has continued to cite the incident as " evidence of his bona fides " in his dealings with Schreiber .
A COUPLE of years ago , I wrote a Charlemagne column asking what was to me an obvious question : why are think - tanks in Brussels so much less impressive and influential than those in Washington ?
Few pieces have provoked such a furious response , at least within the tiny anthill that is the Brussels Euro - bubble .
I stand by pretty much every word of it , two years on .
With some honourable exceptions , most think - tanks in Brussels are just not very good .
Here are some reasons why :
Too many of their analysts are not real researchers or academics , but former journalists .
There is nothing wrong per se with being a former journalist , but the danger is that when such people produce reports on the G20 summit or what Europe expects from Obama etc.
they end up reading like long pieces of journalism .
Whereas for me , the real value of a think - tank should be to promote new and interesting ideas , or to harness special expertise to bring some really crunchy facts and data to Brussels policy debates .
Champions at this include Bruegel , an economics - focussed think - tank whose authors include some high powered economists with strong backgrounds in academia and policy - making .
The European Council on Foreign Relations , a newcomer on the scene , employs its fair share of ex or quasi - hacks .
But it also has the knack of producing the right paper at the right time , which really grabs people 's attention with some new or counter - intuitive insight .
Classic examples include a report by Nick Witney , a former head of the EU 's defence procurement agency , pointing out that the problem with the EU is not that its member countries spend small sums on defence .
Instead , he explained that actually European governments spend quite large sums on defence , they just spend it on the wrong things , notably on bloated payrolls , so that the bulk of their uniformed personnel are dentists , cooks , lorry drivers or paunchy clerks in camouflage , rather than combat troops .
Then there was a paper by Pierre Noel , which got a huge amount of attention in the new year by pointing out that the conventional wisdom on tackling European dependency on Russian gas was all wrong .
American think - tanks also enjoy a big advantage over those in Europe , linked to the system of political appointments for so many posts in the American government .
They basically act as parking places for all manner of senior figures who are waiting to get back into government , or as incubators for bright newcomers who are waiting to enter an administration for the first time .
During the Bush era , places like Heritage or the AEI were hothouses for political appointees .
When Democrats went into the ascendant , people started listening to experts from Brookings .
That does not happen in the EU , where people who leave the civil service or government rarely go back in again .
Finally , and this is where we get to the word " dodgy " in my headline , the Brussels think - tanks suffer from a desperate lack of money .
In America , tax laws make it rather tax effective for an ideologically minded plutocrat to donate money to a think tank .
In Brussels , to simplify , too many think - tanks get too much of their money from the EU institutions to do research projects that lack real intellectual independence .
Then there comes a whole tranche of corporate sponsored activity that teeters on the brink of lobbying : conferences with senior EU officials as speakers , but which are organised on behalf of big sponsors who send executives to mingle and meet the right contacts .
To his credit , Siim Kallas , the EU commissioner in charge of fighting fraud , has long made a habit of pointing out the blurry lines between lobbying and NGOs and think - tanks .
His latest push is to prod Brussels think - tanks into signing up to a voluntary register for lobbyists and those who work to influence legislation in Brussels .
Here is a strikingly tough passage from a speech he gave today , singling out the think - tank Friends of Europe :
Originally , think tanks were conceived as “ universities without teaching , ” But they also differ on other points : they have no students , and they are not subjected to the system of peer review that academia uses to promote diversity of thought and scientific rigor .
" Normal " academic institutions are expected to conduct their research first and draw their conclusions second .
Some would argue that policy - driven US think tanks have reversed this process : " conclude , then justify . "
In the US , think tanks have dramatically grown in size and influence during the past 100 years .
Their numbers increased from 8 in 1910 to over 1,000 today !
Today , modern think tanks are tax - exempt , political idea factories , with huge budgets .
In the US , the top 20 conservative think tanks now spend more money than all of the " soft money " contributions to the Republican Party .
In fact , by being outside the scope of US lobby regulation , US think tanks may be enjoying an unfair comparative advantage .
But perhaps European think tanks are different , still ?
They 're obviously fewer and smaller in size .
But is their role that different ?
" Friends of Europe " , for example , claims on their web - site that membership offers an opportunity to contribute to the events programme and to gain visibility through Friends of Europe .
Indeed , later this month , Friends of Europe , co-organises an " international summit " on " investing in Africa 's growth and health " .
This is obviously a very serious event , but with 2 senior representatives on the panels , it is also a lobbying opportunity for the company " Total " , the corporate co-organiser of the event , putting it in touch with the EU Development Commissioner , high EU officials , MEPs , etc .
To their credit , " Total " is completely transparent about its interest representation , having joined our register .
But " Friends of Europe " , like other think tanks , should register , thereby giving credibility to their claim that " Friends of Europe is an independent think tank for EU policy analysis and debate "
Mr Kallas is right .
Google seems to be coming in for a lot of stick at the moment .
Many Twitter users are aghast at the thought of Google buying Twitter , and their handling of popular blog tool Feedburner has come under fire ( including here on this blog ) .
Some of the criticism is justified , others less so .
Yet is it any surprise that Google continues to come under fire when the company itself seems to go out of its way to upset the community it relies on for its userbase ?
Here ’s an example .
Yesterday I asked if Google bought Twitter , would they would be a benefit or a hindrance to the micro- blogging site .
I cited Google ’s handling of Feedburner , and the fact that their Gmail email service is still in beta after five years .
I linked this to the official Gmail blog .
The link resulted in some new traffic that I may not have had , with the readers of the Gmail blog obviously curious about the Twitter angle and Google ’s involvement .
Today , I noticed that the link had been removed from the Gmail blog .
And not just my link – there was another one that asked how a company can keep a product on beta for five years ( which is now back on the blog , bizarrely ) .
( As a test , I ’m linking there again with screen capture at my side – let ’s see if they ’ll allow this link and if so , for how long ) .
So , does Google only link to stories that are positive about their company ?
Are they trying to paint a picture that all is well with their services , and that they ’re still every web user ’s friend ?
Would n’t it have made more sense to allow the link and maybe respond to the post in question ?
Open up discussion and have some healthy debate about what users would like to see and whether this is feasible or not , as well as address blogger issues at the same time ?
It ’s a shame .
By removing the link to a non-congratulatory piece , Google have taken a step down the Internet censorship path that web users hate .
Sure , it ’s Google ’s Gmail blog so they can do what they want – that ’s their prerogative .
But the end result of this is that Google begins to look like the indie band that struck it lucky and hit superstardom , and then forgot all about the fans that put them there .
Instead , they ’d rather hang with the faux celebrities and hangers - on that only stroke their ego .
Of course , you could say Google ’s so big they do n’t need to worry about what the little guy like me says .
Funny thing is , though , upset enough of the little guys and it soon becomes a big guy problem .
And with little guy alternatives to Google ’s services becoming more widespread , where would that leave Google ?
About Us
Vaporbrothers is Built to Last
As the patented inventors of the WhipÂ® style vaporizer ( aka the " Vapor Box " ) 20 years ago , we helped popularize the notion of vaporizing in America .
For the next decade our iconic angled wood box design was the most common type of vaporizer in the world .
Vaporbrothers wood box desktops give a dense and fresh tasting vapor without fuss .
VB Eleven
Pen hits like a nail .
As a Vaporbrothers user , you benefit from our attention to inhalation quality and safety .
Check Out Our Catalog
( you must be 18 in most states , 21 in California )
Not 18 ?
Read More
May 21 , 2009 , 3:19 am by Scott Wheeler
In the web world , a world I ’ve made my way back to in the last year , pointers are an exotic relic of the past .
Seriously .
I never got the memo ; there was no going away party , I was just sitting there , minding my own structs and boom , next thing I know , I was that guy that had n’t realized that those mallocs are so 90s .
But there is a certain reverence for the old ways .
You ’re supposed to learn C or C++ ( often just written as “ C / C++ ” ) to be a well rounded dork , much like you ’re supposed to have read Shakespeare .
This is all fine and well , and I agree .
But there ’s one sticking point .
C and C++ are n’t the same language .
Let ’s first take a tour of the major reasons that are given for learning C or C ++:
You learn how to do manual memory management
You get “ closer to the hardware ”
They offer performance benefits over most languages
There ’s a wealth of code written in both that you may want to understand
All of these are true in both languages .
However , learning to think in C versus C++ is a completely different story .
Modern C++ is usually written in an object - oriented style .
Even modern C is usually written in a pseudo - object - oriented style using opaque types .
But the mechanisms for working with the two vary widely .
Notably , in C you have to build up the higher level abstractions on your own that are built into the language in C ++.
It ’s beyond the scope of this entry to get into the many differences between the two , but I decided to implement a common pattern in programming , the observer pattern in C , C++ and Java to illustrate the differences .
Observer Pattern in C :
#include < stdlib.h > # include < stdio.h > typedef void ( * FoomaticListener ) ( void ) ; struct Foomatic { FoomaticListener * listeners ; int listener_count ; } ; struct Foomatic * foomatic_create ( void ) { return ( struct Foomatic * ) calloc ( 1 , sizeof ( struct Foomatic ) ) ; } void foomatic_destroy ( struct Foomatic * foomatic ) { free ( foomatic -> listeners ) ; free ( foomatic ) ; } void foomatic_add_listener ( struct Foomatic * foomatic , FoomaticListener listener ) { int count = ++ foomatic -> listener_count ; foomatic -> listeners = ( FoomaticListener * ) realloc ( foomatic -> listeners , sizeof ( FoomaticListener ) * count ) ; foomatic -> listeners [ count - 1 ] = listener ; } void foomatic_activate ( const struct Foomatic * foomatic ) { int i = 0 ; for ( i = 0 ; i < foomatic -> listener_count ; i ++ ) { ( * foomatic -> listeners [ i ] ) ( ) ; } } static void first_listener ( void ) { printf ( " Whoopee .
" ) ; } static void second_listener ( void ) { printf ( " Whoopee .
" ) ; } int main ( void ) { struct Foomatic * foomatic = foomatic_create ( ) ; foomatic_add_listener ( foomatic , first_listener ) ; foomatic_add_listener ( foomatic , second_listener ) ; foomatic_activate ( foomatic ) ; foomatic_destroy ( foomatic ) ; return 0 ; } #include < stdlib.h > # include < stdio.h > typedef void (* FoomaticListener ) ( void ) ; struct Foomatic { FoomaticListener * listeners ; int listener_count ; } ; struct Foomatic * foomatic_create ( void ) { return ( struct Foomatic *) calloc ( 1 , sizeof ( struct Foomatic ) ) ; } void foomatic_destroy ( struct Foomatic * foomatic ) { free ( foomatic -> listeners ) ; free ( foomatic ) ; } void foomatic_add_listener ( struct Foomatic * foomatic , FoomaticListener listener ) { int count = ++ foomatic->listener_count ; foomatic -> listeners = ( FoomaticListener *) realloc ( foomatic -> listeners , sizeof ( FoomaticListener ) * count ) ; foomatic -> listeners [ count - 1 ] = listener ; } void foomatic_activate ( const struct Foomatic * foomatic ) { int i = 0 ; for( i = 0 ; i < foomatic->listener_count; i++) { ( * foomatic -> listeners [ i ] ) ( ) ; } } static void first_listener ( void ) { printf ( " Whoopee .
" ) ; } static void second_listener ( void ) { printf ( " Whoopee .
" ) ; } int main ( void ) { struct Foomatic * foomatic = foomatic_create ( ) ; foomatic_add_listener( foomatic , first_listener ) ; foomatic_add_listener( foomatic , second_listener ) ; foomatic_activate ( foomatic ) ; foomatic_destroy ( foomatic ) ; return 0 ; }
Observer Pattern in C++:
#include < set > # include < iostream > class Foomatic { public : class Listener { public : virtual void activate ( ) = 0 ; } ; void addListener ( Listener * listener ) { m_listeners .
insert ( listener ) ; } void activate ( ) { for ( ListenerSet :: const_iterator it = m_listeners .
begin ( ) ; it ! = m_listeners .
end ( ) ; ++ it ) { ( * it ) - > activate ( ) ; } } private : typedef std :: set < listener * > ListenerSet ; ListenerSet m_listeners ; } ; class FooListener : public Foomatic :: Listener { public : virtual void activate ( ) { std :: cout << " Whoopee . " << std :: endl ; } } ; int main ( ) { Foomatic foomatic ; FooListener first ; FooListener second ; foomatic .
addListener ( & first ) ; foomatic .
addListener ( & second ) ; foomatic .
activate ( ) ; return 0 ; } #include < set > # include < iostream > class Foomatic { public : class Listener { public : virtual void activate ( ) = 0 ; } ; void addListener ( Listener * listener ) { m_listeners.insert( listener ) ; } void activate ( ) { for ( ListenerSet::const_iterator it = m_listeners.begin( ) ; it != m_listeners.end ( ) ; ++it ) { ( * it ) -> activate ( ) ; } } private : typedef std::set < listener *> ListenerSet ; ListenerSet m_listeners ; } ; class FooListener : public Foomatic :: Listener { public : virtual void activate ( ) { std::cout << " Whoopee . " << std::endl ; } } ; int main ( ) { Foomatic foomatic ; FooListener first ; FooListener second ; foomatic.addListener( &first ) ; foomatic.addListener( &second ) ; foomatic.activate ( ) ; return 0 ; }
Observer Pattern in Java :
Foomatic.java
import java.util .
Set ; import java.util .
HashSet ; import java.util .
Iterator ; public class Foomatic { private Set < listener > listeners ; public interface Listener { public void activate ( ) ; } public Foomatic ( ) { listeners = new HashSet < listener > ( ) ; } public void addListener ( Listener listener ) { listeners .
add ( listener ) ; } public void activate ( ) { Iterator < listener > it = listeners .
iterator ( ) ; while ( it .
hasNext ( ) ) { it .
next ( ) . activate ( ) ; } } } import java.util .
Set ; import java.util.HashSet ; import java.util.
Iterator ; public class Foomatic { private Set< listener > listeners ; public interface Listener { public void activate ( ) ; } public Foomatic ( ) { listeners = new HashSet< listener >( ) ; } public void addListener ( Listener listener ) { listeners .add ( listener ) ; } public void activate ( ) { Iterator < listener > it = listeners.iterator ( ) ; while ( it.hasNext ( ) ) { it.next ( ) .activate ( ) ; } } }
Callback.java
class FooListener implements Foomatic .
Listener { public void activate ( ) { System . out .
println ( " Whoopee . " ) ; } } public class Callback { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { Foomatic foomatic = new Foomatic ( ) ; FooListener first = new FooListener ( ) ; FooListener second = new FooListener ( ) ; foomatic .
addListener ( first ) ; foomatic .
addListener ( second ) ; foomatic .
activate ( ) ; } } class FooListener implements Foomatic .
Listener { public void activate ( ) { System.out.println ( " Whoopee . " ) ; } } public class Callback { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { Foomatic foomatic = new Foomatic ( ) ; FooListener first = new FooListener ( ) ; FooListener second = new FooListener ( ) ; foomatic.addListener( first ) ; foomatic.addListener(second ) ; foomatic.activate( ) ; } }
All three of these do the same thing ( with the one proviso that the C version uses a simple list rather than a set for concision ) .
The first thing that should jump out at you is that two of these look very similar .
And it ’s not the C and C++ versions .
Modern C++ is much more similar to Java than it is to C. Learning to think in C++ is much closer to learning to think in Java .
In the C++ and Java examples a callback is achieved by defining an interface with an abstract method that ’s implemented in a concrete subclass .
In C a function pointer is used .
Now , let ’s get back to the root of the confusion .
C++ is backwards compatible to C. Good C++ developers , especially those doing systems programming , tend to be familiar enough with the important parts of C to exploit its lower - level primitives and pack them into an object oriented structure .
But someone working on , say , GUI development in C++ might never come into contact with the C underworld .
You can be a goodly C++ developer and never use function pointers , rarely use macros ( and then rarely in a particularly interesting way ) and most of all be completely clueless on how to define a reasonable C API that does proper encapsulation .
Really knowing a programming language is much more about knowing how to wield it to solve problems rather than being able to write code that the compiler does n’t barf on .
Let ’s look back at the goals we had for learning one of these languages :
You learn to do manual memory management
In C++ memory management is often less opaque and handled by abstraction layers .
We did n’t have to think about memory being allocated to insert an element to a set or free it when we were done .
That was handled by the language and its standard library .
This holds somewhat generally for C++ , so I believe if your goal is educational — simply to learn about memory management , C is probably closer to fitting the bill .
You get closer to the hardware
Again , C is probably a win .
Not because you ca n’t do systems programming in C++ ( in fact , that ’s most of what I do ) but because when doing systems programming in C++ it tends to come out looking like blocks of C neatly organized into classes .
The bulk of the code that you can also use as a learning reference ( glibc and the Linux kernel are both good here ) is written in C .
They offer performance benefits over other languages
This is true for both , but C forces most of the time - consuming stuff to pass in front of your eyes .
There ’s less magic happening behind the scenes .
When writing performance critical C++ understanding that it ’s built on the same runtime as C is useful for understanding what ’s actually happening when you call a virtual function .
( Answer : Classes which have virtual functions have a “ vtable ” that ’s created by the compiler which is simply an array of function pointers . )
There ’s a wealth of code written in both that you may want to understand
This naturally has less of a clear winner .
C tends to be more dominant at the lower levels , C++ creeps in closer to the middle of the technology stack .
Systems libraries and kernels are usually written in C , things like web browsers and office suites are more often C ++.
But wait … so I said all of that nice stuff about C , why do I still prefer C++?
If your goals are purely educational , C is probably a better fit .
At an atomic level it ’s harder to understand , but there ’s much less of it to understand .
C++’s syntax is everything from C plus a myriad of advanced compiler - fu that takes a good long while to get your head around .
Many C++ programmers who have been working with the language for half a decade still could n’t tell you how to use partial template specialization .
But if you ’re writing real code — something you ’re going to be curling up with night after night until unemployment do you part , I ’ll take C++ any day of the week .
If you want to learn about the innards of programming , filleting a program in C teaches you how .
If 95 % of the time , you ’d like to have that handled with the abstractions you ’re working with , classes , templates , exceptions and other modern encapsulation mechanisms supported by C++ make working on a large code - base more palatable .
I ’ve been writing C for 15 years and in the first version of the C example above , I forgot to free the list of function pointers .
C++ is also more concise and expressive .
Now , anticipating the reaction of the high - level crew , are n’t most of the arguments that I just made for C++ even more true for , say , Python , or Ruby ?
Of course .
But C++ often hits a sweet - spot between languages where high - level abstractions are available with the raw power of C when you need it .
At Directed Edge we use a mix of languages , and even a mix of C++ styles , trying to hit their comparative sweet - spots .
The rough break down is :
It was billed as the one of the most dramatic warnings the world has ever received over the dangers of ecstasy .
A study from one of America 's leading universities concluded that taking the drug for just one evening could leave clubbers with irreversible brain damage , and trigger the onset of Parkinson 's disease .
The study , published in the eminent journal Science last September , had an immediate impact .
Doctors and anti-drug crusaders spoke of a ' neurological time bomb ' facing the young .
Others suggested that taking one of the tablets was the equivalent of playing Russian roulette with the brain , and demanded tighter ' anti- rave ' laws to deal with it .
But today , scientists are facing up to the humiliation of admitting that the stark results they reported in the study were not a breakthrough but a terrible , humiliating blunder .
The study was based on the fact that laboratory monkeys and baboons had a severe reaction to the drug when it was injected in small doses .
But it emerged this weekend that the vials of liquid did not contain ecstasy .
Instead , the animals received a dose of methamphetamine , or speed - a drug widely known to affect the body 's dopamine system .
The tubes had somehow been mislabelled by the supplier .
In this week 's Science , the scientists will publish a retraction of their original study , reigniting the row over the role of those who investigate ecstasy , as well as the real risks or benefits of the drug .
In academic circles , the mistake is a severe embarrassment to Johns Hopkins University , in Baltimore , Maryland , which attracts millions of dollars of research funding from both government and companies .
Questions are already being asked about whether the lead researcher , George Ricaurte , was inherently biased against the drug .
The mistake only came to light when follow - up tests gave conflicting results .
The original study reported how two out of 10 animals died quickly after their second or third dose .
Six weeks later , the dopamine levels in the surviving animals were down by 65 per cent , leading Ricaurte and his colleagues to conclude that it could provoke the onset of Parkinson's , which is linked to a loss of dopamine - producing cells .
He said at the time : ' It is possible that some of the more recent cases of suspected young - onset Parkinson 's disease might be related , but that this link has not been recognised . '
When the study was published last September , a chorus of experts saw it as evidence of drug damage .
Professor Colin Blakemore of Oxford University , soon to be the new head of the Medical Research Council , said it provided further evidence that ' ecstasy can be toxic to nerve cells ' .
Dr Alan Leshner , chief executive of the American Academy for the Advancement of Science , which publishes the journal , went as far as to describe taking ecstasy as playing ' Russian roulette ' with brain function .
He added : ' This study showed that even very occasional use can have long - lasting effects on many different brain systems .
It sends an important message to young people - do n't experiment with your brain . '
Yesterday , Ricaurte was attempting to put a brave face on the calamity .
He is under attack from all sides , and has already been accused of rushing his study into print because Congress was looking at a bill known as the Anti-Rave Act , which would punish club owners who knew that drugs such as ecstasy were being used on their premises .
Ricaurte has denied political bias .
He said yesterday that his laboratory made ' a simple human error ' , adding : ' We 're scientists , not chemists . '
Asked why the vials of liquid were not checked before being used on the animals , he replied : ' We 're not chemists .
We get hundreds of chemicals here - it 's not customary to check them . '
It is unusual for Science to have to publish a retraction , but that is exactly the right thing to do , according to Joe Collier , professor of medicines policy at St George 's Hospital Medical School .
' People must realise that mistakes are made , even by scientists , ' said Collier .
' It is embarrassing - a lot of self - questioning will be going on over there - but it 's important we learn from this . '
Over the past five years , controversy has raged about the real dangers of ecstasy , a drug which is taken by around a million clubbers in Britain every weekend .
Some studies have suggested that ecstasy has no long - term impact on the levels of the hormone serotonin in the brain , while others have suggested that it leaves clubbers feeling depressed and unable to concentrate .
The controversy is not likely to go away quickly while the scientists themselves are caught up in such a political and academic minefield .
jo.revill@observer.co.uk
Longtime civic volunteer Dick Smallwood is being cited as " Person of the Week . "
He was commended last week at the Parma City Council meeting as one of the most dedicated and involved individuals in the community .
Officials honored him for the energy and devotion he brings to the numerous organizations , activities and events , and his longtime association with them .
Some of the groups he 's involved with include the city of Parma , Proud of Parma , Parma Chamber of Commerce , Parma Recreation , Parma Amateur Athletic Federation .
He also has given countless volunteer hours to other philanthropic causes .
Smallwood received a key to the city from Mayor Dean DePiero .
The mayor said Smallwood 's work for the 19th annual Parma Area Chamber of Commerce Rib ' N ' Rock set precedence to all who serve after him due to the calm , steady nature of the man , who has set a high standard of quality work .
Smallwood also is a wonderful family man and generous grandfather .
He and his wife , Donna , have been married for 40 years .
They have six children , 20 grandchildren , 16 great - grandchildren and a 2 - year - old dog , Sugar .
Know someone who qualifies as " Person of the Week " ?
We welcome nominations at jyachanin@sunnews.com via e-mail or to Parma Sun Post , 5510 Cloverleaf Parkway , Cleveland 44125-4815 .
Join the army and become a US citizen in 6 months
March 18 , 2009
WASHINGTON : For decades , high - skilled professionals from across the world , particularly India , have fought their way to US citizenship through legal immigration channels � a process that can take up to a decade or more .
Now , Uncle Sam is making it easy .
Fight your way � literally � to American citizenship and take the Oath of Allegiance in as little as six months .
In a far reaching proposal , the US military will open its doors to skilled immigrant guest workers ( such as those who hold H - 1B visas ) who have lived in the US for a minimum of two years .
The move is aimed at offsetting the poor recruitment intake from traditional sources at a time the US military is stretched thin by deployments in Iraq and the Af - Pak theater .
US Green card holders , also known as permanent residents , have long been eligible to enlist in the military .
But this is the first time since the Vietnam War that the armed forces will be open to temporary immigrants and offer them a path to citizenship , a move that in some ways amounts to outsourcing its wars .
The program comes at a time when skilled immigrants in the US are facing a slowing job market , offering them an avenue to turn potential pink slips into not just Green cards , but citizenship � if they are so obsessed about their American Dream .
A pilot program that will take in 1000 immigrant recruits nationwide will begin in New York City in the first year , according the New York Times , which first reported the development on Sunday .
By going to the pool of skilled immigrants , recruiters actually expect to improve the quality of US military personnel , since most foreign skilled guest workers typically have more education , foreign language skills and professional expertise than many Americans who enlist .
This is expected to help the military to fill shortages in medical care , language interpretation and field intelligence analysis .
The program is particularly germane to Indian guest workers who constitute the largest segment of skilled foreign workers in the US , and although Spanish - speaking Latinos constitute the largest group of immigrants , they are largely unskilled .
The one - year pilot program in New York City that will recruit 550 personnel ( rest 450 will come from across the country ) explicitly excludes Spanish speakers , while being open to immigrants who speak one or more of 35 languages , including Hindi / Urdu , Tamil , Arabic , Chinese , Nepalese , Pashto etc. US officials have said in the past that they sorely lacked field intelligence operatives with requisite language skills to be deployed in the Af - Pak theater .
The army ’s program will also include about 300 medical professionals to be recruited nationwide .
If the pilot program , which is restricted to the army and some other agencies , succeeds , it will expand for all branches of the military .
Related Articles
Enter the Green Card Lottery .
55,000 Green Cards Must Go Each Year .
Let us help you reach your dream of becoming an American resident today !
Return to USA Diversity Lottery ’s immigration news page to read more immigration news .
During desperate times , such as fasting , or muscle wasting that afflicts cancer or AIDS patients , the body cannibalizes itself , atrophying and breaking down skeletal muscle proteins to liberate amino acids .
In a new study published online June 8 and in the June 15 , 2009 print issue of the Journal of Cell Biology Shenhav Cohen , Alfred Goldberg , and colleagues show that muscle atrophy is a more ordered process than was previously thought .
These researchers find evidence that enzyme MuRF1 selectively degrades the thick filaments in muscle , while bypassing the thin filaments .
We depend on skeletal muscles because they can produce movement , but they serve another purpose too .
" Skeletal muscle is a protein reservoir that can be mobilized in times of need , " says Goldberg .
The structural core of a muscle cell is the myofibril , composed of myosin - containing thick filaments and actin-containing thin filaments .
During atrophy , this structure is disassembled , but exactly how was not known .
MuRF1 , an atrophy - related gene , is a ubiquitin ligase that " ubiquitylates , " or tags a protein , by attaching a ubiquitin molecule , marking it for degradation by the cell .
It was unclear when and how ubiquitylation was involved in disassembling skeletal muscles .
The researchers triggered atrophy in mice containing defective MuRF1 ( lacking its RING - finger domain crucial for ubiquitylation ) .
These mutant mice break down less muscle than wild - type mice , and less ubiquitylation takes place in the mutants .
Cohen and colleagues found that MuRF1 targets the thick filament , demolishing various components in a specific order .
The researchers hypothesize that removal of certain thick filament components first permits subsequent MuRF1 access to the myosin heavy chain .
However , MuRF1 does n't exert the same power over the thin filament , which began to come apart even when MuRF1 was absent .
" Up to now , people thought the muscle just gets smaller " during atrophy , Goldberg says .
Instead , these findings paint a picture of a well - regulated process of degradation and disassembly .
This mechanism " allows the muscle to still be a muscle and function , " Goldberg says .
" Atrophy does n't just destroy muscle cells , like apoptosis . "
The results indicate that MuRF1 does n't have to wait for caspases or calpains to " pre-digest " the myofibril components .
The work also bears on the practical question of whether atrophy can be halted or reversed with drugs .
" It argues against MuRF1 inhibitors " for this purpose , Goldberg says , because the enzyme is responsible for degrading only some muscle components , whereas others fall victim to other ubiquitin ligases and autophagy .
Inhibitors that work upstream to block signals that activate ubiquitin ligases and initiate autophagy are a better bet .
Cohen , S. , et al. 2009 .
J. Cell Biol .
doi:10.1083/jcb.200901052 .
Griffin is a great fit for the Clips
Truthfully , Blake Griffin would be a great fit just about anywhere , but the Los Angeles Clippers can really use him .
He ’s athletic , has an improving offensive game and can really rebound .
He has the potential to be a franchise power forward .
When the Clippers signed Baron Davis to a fat contract last summer , things we ’re looking up for a franchise that only had one winning season in the last 185 years .
But the Baron Davis / Elton Brand marriage was not to be when the latter signed his own fat contract with the Philadelphia 76ers .
The Clippers ( a.k.a. GM / coach Mike Dunleavy ) overreacted by trading for Zach Randolph , and they would be so much better off right now had they showed some restraint .
Had the Clippers held onto Cuttino Mobley and Tim Thomas , they would have an additional $ 17.3 million in cap space ( for a total of $ 27 - $ 28 M ) heading into the summer of 2010 .
With that much cap space and a core of Griffin , Davis , Kaman , Eric Gordon and Al Thornton , the Clippers would have really been in business .
They would n’t have been able to woo LeBron or Wade , but Bosh or Stoudemire would be possibilities , as would Joe Johnson .
Now they are locked into Randolph for two more years at the tune of $ 33.3 million and wo n’t have the cap space next summer to sign a star .
Obviously , landing the right to draft Griffin last night was huge for this franchise .
Now they just need to can Dunleavy and find someone who knows what they ’re doing .
Honestly , he should have been fired on the spot when he suggested the team trade for Randolph .
It ’s going to take a while for the Clippers to turn things around , but with a young core of Griffin and Gordon , the potential is there .
Last night was a big step in the right direction , though do n’t underestimate Dunleavy ’s ability to screw things up .
I have just finished writing a book called Supper For A Song , to be published in October .
It is , in a nutshell , about eating well for less .
However , the words frugal , cheap , credit - crunch , austerity , budget , own - label , thrift are absolutely not what the book is about , indeed , they are banned from its pages .
My book is about bounty , plenty , good food , good ingredients and buying the best .
The best certainly does n’t always mean the most expensive ; think hocks , shanks , belly , breast , trotters , skirt .
And roots , shoots and leaves have always been a part of my culinary grammar .
It ’s about doing less with less and sometimes more with less and eschewing conspicuous extravagance or consumption .
Culinary chic – recessionary culinary chic , that is – is the most creative kind of cooking there is .
It is not just about showing how little you ’ve spent , it ’s about how creative a cook you can be , and about the trouble you have taken .
It is no longer acceptable merely to shop for the most extravagant ingredients and put them on a plate - a style of eating and entertaining that the previous decade of excess applauded .
You know , the dinner where the San Daniele or Pata Negra is served hand - deep on great platters with ripe figs or Ogen melons , followed , perhaps , by a whole wild sea bass or salmon , a cheeseboard taking in the A to nearly Z of everything from Appleby ’s Cheshire to Vacherin Mont d’Or .
The incessant discussion of how it all got from pasture to plate .
The dinner parties and entertaining of the last decade have been as much about showing off our recently acquired foodie knowledge and our buying of extravagant ingredients as anything else .
People have been terrorised by cheffy food to the point at which they did n’t dare serve the ordinary , everyday good food that they used to buy and used to know how to cook .
The smart restaurant entered the home kitchen , but we were n’t very comfortable with it : it meant pressure , too much faffing about , too much money and altogether did n’t feel much like home .
In the little less than a year it ’s taken to send food prices for even the most bog - standard staples skyward and for the recession to bite us back , we have had to go back to what we once knew best – to cooking for even special occasions without spending our entire week ’s food budget .
Conspicuous consumption has become a form of vulgarity .
Now we do n’t talk labels and luxury foods so much as how little we have spent and how slowly we have cooked it .
We are becoming wallet - wise in the kitchen .
While the world does n’t exactly await or need yet another cookbook , I am optimistic that the words “ prescient ” and “ zeitgeist ” may still apply to Supper For A Song .
I have actually lived it and cooked the book since last summer in the west of Ireland and I have never had such fun , given more splendid lunches , suppers , dinners and weekends , nor had so many compliments , foodily speaking , while no longer feeling queasily uneasy about the gaping hole in my pocket .
“ Something Out Of Nothing ” became a way of life and a chapter in the book , but the hair shirt was definitely off .
I truly believe I learned to cook and eat better and that none of the recipients , the friends and family at my table , started Chinese Whispers about what a cheapskate I was or went home hungry .
In fact , I have had more requests for the recipes than ever before .
“ Perhaps the biggest beneficiary of the crunch is the cookbook industry , ” suggested Rebecca Seal in the Observer in March .
So , far from curbing our food spending power , we are being led back into the kitchen with the tools that many of the baby - boomer and below generations were never armed with , cookbooks for our times .
This same article declared that sales of basic raw ingredients are soaring as shoppers cut their bills by giving up ready meals , and that sales of Sunday roasts are up 44 per cent this year in one of the larger supermarket chains , likewise recipe cards for a basic beef stew which resulted in a 2,000 per cent increase in sales .
The food sector is the only one in retail that is growing , albeit at a snail ’s pace .
But there is work to be done and lessons to be learned .
We do n’t know what to do with the snout - to - tail cuts , how to recycle left - overs , look in the fridge and the larder for tonight and tomorrow ’s dinner , reincarnate , réchauffer , reinvent and not waste .
We have to learn to cook the cuts and comestibles that our parents and grandparents loved and lived on and to wean our children off ready - made heat - and - eat culture .
I predict an eating revolution .
People are having to reinvent their whole way of life in the economic downturn , and food is the one thing in our lives that lends itself best to this kind of radical overhaul and reinvention .
We can economise and do it better , whoever we are , however we live .
Think of it like this : food and cooking is the one activity the whole family can , should and sometimes does join in together .
It is not a luxury , it is a necessity .
Somewhere in the backs of the minds of even the worst of worst cooks , deeply rooted in the DNA is the knowledge , the desire to provide for the table , to nurture their family with good food , make the best of what they can afford .
Even if we used to cheat , skimp , and be lazy , it will now cost us dearer .
We have to learn to do things differently and within our diminished means .
Cooking is IN .
So is staying in – it has become the new going out .
It also seems to have struck a chord with the teens - to - thirties who until the recession were happy to spend £ 60 - £ 70 on dinner out , but have now switched camp to order a take - out Indian , Chinese or pizza .
Old habits do n’t die hard , they shift with the tide , now they go for a £ 20 pizza .
And line up the DVDs and tinnies for a night - out in .
This information comes courtesy of the Detroit - based Domino ’s Pizza delivery chain , which is experiencing an upturn that flies totally in the face of what ’s happening to the restaurant business .
However , that said , there has never been a better time to eat lunch out in a top restaurant , from here to Paris to New York .
Richard Corrigan ’s brilliant new restaurant , Corrigan ’s , in London , offers a set lunch , two courses , with a carafe of wine , for £ 19.50 .
Many well - known , even Michelin - starred restaurants are offering similar deals .
As scores of restaurants not offering value for money close , the smart ones rethink .
I would like to predict that there will be a new breed of restaurateur who will emerge from the ashes of the recession , knowing that the cynical overcharging that became so much a part of our restaurant culture will be replaced by better food at fairer prices .
The customer now expects more and will go further to eat better for less .
I spoke to Gerard Coleman of L’Artisan du Chocolat – for my money the most talented up - market chocolatier in the business – who is buoyant and upbeat enough to say , “ Recession ?
Bring it on ! ”
So here is another extraordinary fact in the fragile , faddy , culinary world .
People are buying expensive chocolate , THE most expensive chocolate , and more of it , not less .
We all know what we do when we ’re up against the wall , emotionally or fiscally – we buy ourselves a treat .
Gerard says that people are buying smaller treats but more of them , and in the world of ganaches and single - estate chocolate , we – I for one – are helpless to resist .
There are some things that money just ca n’t buy ; good chocolate will never be one of them .
Unfortunately , waiting in the wings to say “ J’accuse ” are a new branch of the Food Police who style themselves “ The Fat Panel ” .
It is no coincidence , that such a band of nanny - state warriors should start trying to spoil our fun at a time when we all need it more than ever .
Nobody sentient can possibly have avoided everything from Jamie Oliver ’s school dinners mission to the five - a- day campaign or the exhortations that arise almost daily to eat less fat , sugar and salt .
It is a choice and we make what we will of it .
But the newly formed “ Fat Panel ” has temporarily abandoned its target audience , the morbidly obese , in favour of those of us who are celebrity chefs or cookbook writers .
We have become the corruptors , offering recipes to the masses that contain more than 100 per cent of the recommended daily amount of saturated fat in a single serving .
Hellfire .
If you actually buy cookery books and occasionally eat in decent restaurants , you are , to my mind , aware of what a balanced diet is and less than likely to be living on deep - fried Mars Bars and buckets of KFC and chips .
And if you have bothered to make a pie or even to buy one , get one free , eat one , it does n’t mean you live on pies alone .
In troubled times we need comfort and it ’s not about whether it does our arteries good , it ’s about whether it does our souls good .
Sometimes it has to be bad to be good .
The queasily superior “ Fat Panel ” , meanwhile , is trying to deter us from pleasure , directing us away from saturated fats to the land of margarine , low - fat polyunsaturated or mono - saturated spreads instead of butter and cream .
“ The Fat Panel ” , incidentally , receives funding from the UK’s Margarine and Spreads Association .
I do n’t know about you , but I ’d rather feast on proper cream and butter , Jersey where possible , and just do a little less of it than ever let margarine or spreads pass my lips .
Pastry without butter or butter and lard ?
Unthinkable .
A tart feeds six people in my house and has only three ounces of butter in it .
That is 85g , or less than 15g a person .
The moment I start reading about grams of saturated fat ingested per capita I want to give up and go and eat a slice of tart anyway , unless , that is , it is made with a spread or margarine .
All of these processed horrors – for processed they are – are made with inferior ingredients which have been whipped and frothed and centrifuged to make more of less , and sport “ with 30 per cent olive oil ” and such things on their labels while not having a drop or a drip of first cold - pressed olive oil in them that would actually be both delicious and beneficial , in that order .
In my book , there are pies , tarts , cobblers and stews .
There is also a “ Happy Food ” chapter where the recipes are mainly chocolate .
But it ’s a balanced diet of a book .
Wild Alaskan salmon with smoky aubergine polenta and cucumber in cream and tarragon for less than the price of the aforementioned KFC bucket .
A rich chocolate cake damp with almonds and Cassis ; a pot of Boston baked borlotti beans cooked with lardo and star anise , blackstrap molasses and mustard , among other things , and nothing designed to spell the pinch of paucity or the punch aimed at us by the food police .
No one lives on clotted cream alone and no one need eat badly in a recession if they only know how to shop and to cook .
It is no small irony that for the first time in history the rich choose a peasant diet and stay thin and the poor get fat , seriously fat , except in Third World countries .
The root of all evil is neither butter and cream nor the recession , it is in being deskilled in the kitchen and turning to industrial , processed foods and ready - mades .
It is in not knowing how to stay in and cook on some occasions and stay in and eat pizza and a good apple tart with cream on others .
Ms Jean helped gut the seal before eating a slice
Canada 's Governor General Michaelle Jean has strongly defended her decision to eat raw seal heart as a show of support to seal hunters .
She ate the slice of heart on Monday at an Inuit community feast during which a seal was carved up and pieces of it were passed around .
" This activity is part of life ... for thousands in the Arctic .
It is vital for them , " said Ms Jean .
Animal rights groups have criticised her support of a " cruel practice " .
Ms Jean used a traditional Inuit knife to help gut the animal , before eating some a festival at Rankin Inlet with hundreds of Inuit .
Her action was praised by Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper and commercial seal hunters .
' Barbaric ' industry
The governor general is representative of Canada 's head of state , Queen Elizabeth II .
The incident came weeks after the EU voted to ban Canadian seal products , probably from before the 2010 hunting season , on the grounds that the seal hunt is cruel .
Inuit people are partially exempt from the ban , but cannot trade pelts and other seal goods with Europe .
Many fear that it will inevitably have a negative effect on their livelihoods as well .
The authorities say the hunt is crucial for about 6,000 North Atlantic fishermen who rely on it for much of their income .
The government has authorised the killing of more than 300,000 seals this year .
But fisheries officials say only about 65,000 seals will be killed as a fall in the price of seal pelts means there are fewer hunters this season .
Animal welfare groups have long argued that the killing of young seals by hunters is barbaric .
There ’s a lot on the agendas of the three cabinet members and President Obama when they travel to Mexico this month to meet with Mexican officials , including President Felipe Calderon .
First it ’s Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ( March 25 - 26 ) , then Attorney General Eric Holder and Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano ( April 1 and 2 ) , and then the President — on his way to the Summit of the Americas .
For the first time in U.S. history the full complexity and proximity of our relationship with Mexico is being dealt with at the level it deserves .
Everything from drug - cartel related violence , the economic crisis , trade , security , intra-regional relations , trade , NAFTA , and immigration will be on the list of items to be discussed .
And the best part is that , at a rhetorical level , the administration is approaching this with the appropriate level of partnership that the relationship deserves — a trend started with President Bush ’s Plan Merida program to support Mexico ’s war on narcotics trafficking .
My concern ?
That immigration will slip through the cracks .
To be sure , the context is set to deal with it in the right way : bilaterally .
But the risk is that issues like the drug violence , trade spats and the economic crisis that have dominated the media coverage ( particularly the former ) will crowd out one of the most important bilateral issues we face : the flow of humans across our borders that serve the U.S. labor market and — through remittances back home — provide a crucial social safety net to poor communities in Mexico .
The Bush administration made a brave and humane effort to address the issue of immigration reform in 2007 , but failed .
The failure resulted in a raw deal for immigrants .
In what was intended to be a trade off of enforcement for documentation and a more regularized system to control the flow of migration , left immigrants with no carrot , only the stick : ramped up enforcement and the nasty , nativist backlash that the debate provoked .
Now , in this new era of partnership with Mexico , we have a real opportunity to deal with immigration between two countries that are intimately — for better or worse — connected by this issue .
Not that it makes it any easier , but it can allow for a better means to deal with the need for Mexico to address its end of the equation : better control of the flow of immigrant traffic across the border and job creation and development assistance ( with the help of the U.S. or the IFIs ) to encourage would - be immigrants to remain in Mexico .
Ultimately , in the U.S. , resolving the issue of immigration involves three elements that should be put in place simultaneously : establishing a systematic , legal means for foreign workers ( temporary and permanent ) to be able to fulfill the U.S. ’s labor needs ; creating a pathway for undocumented immigrants by paying the necessary price or penalty ( whatever that may be ) for having broken the law and then once paid provide a path — if appropriate — to allow them to become full legal , taxpaying citizens ; and last , working with the government of Mexico and other sending countries to control the illegal flow of migrants .
There ’s also the issue of integrating the large pool of immigrants into U.S. society , but that ’s another issue , for another blog post .
The parade of U.S. government officials making their way to Mexico City is well - equipped to deal with this .
Yet their mandates also overlap with narcotics control , security , and border enforcement .
These are important issues , especially given the U.S. ’s complicity in the narcotics - fueled violence .
Please let ’s not forget the longer - term issue of immigration , especially as we grapple with an economic downturn that is sure to inflame social tensions even beyond where they were when Bush ’s immigration reform plans sadly went down in flames .
ABOUT THE AUTHOR Christopher Sabatini is the former editor - in - chief of Americas Quarterly and former senior director of policy at the Americas Society and Council of the Americas .
His Twitter account is @ ChrisSabatini
Any opinions expressed in this piece do not necessarily reflect those of Americas Quarterly or its publishers .
Editor 's note : Janis Karpinski is a retired U.S. Army colonel .
As a brigadier general in the 800th Military Police Brigade , she was in charge of the Abu Ghraib prison and other detention facilities during the U.S. - led occupation of Iraq .
Karpinski was demoted in the aftermath of the prisoner abuse scandal .
The Army inspector general found that her performance of duty was " seriously lacking , " but " the investigation determined that no action or lack of action on her part contributed specifically to the abuse of detainees at Abu Ghraib . "
Karpinski has maintained that she was a scapegoat for the actions of higher - ranking people in the military .
She is the author of " One Woman 's Army . "
Janis Karpinski says it would better to release the photos and talk about preventing abuse in the future .
( CNN ) -- About - face !
President Obama 's reversal of his administration 's decision to release more photographs of prisoner abuse is disappointing and infuriating .
It is sad and tragic .
The reversal will absolutely stir up more controversy than release of the photographs , causing an outpouring of rampant speculation --
What is the government hiding ?
Who are the people in the photographs ?
How awful can these new photos be ?
And worse .
The president is going to Egypt , and discussions surrounding the photographs are inevitable .
He is far better off armed with the ability to have open discussions on all topics instead of apologizing for holding back information .
Withholding evidence is counterproductive and does not sound like " truth , " and it surely does not sound like " change . "
The truth is always helpful .
If we put all the photographs on the table , clearing the air , then , and only then , we can get on with the discussion of how to make sure this never happens again .
The truth will set us free -- free to find the roots of the problem , allowing us to do what we did best -- making the world a better place to live .
In announcing the reversal , Obama said , " The publication of these photos would not add any additional benefit to our understanding of what was carried out in the past by a small number of individuals . "
He added , " In fact , the most direct consequence of releasing them would be to further inflame anti-American opinion and to put our troops in greater danger . "
But Obama will " own " the total picture , these photographs and the issues of torture and abuse if he insists on keeping these photographs under wraps .
The efforts of senior military commanders advising the president , encouraging him to reverse his decision on releasing these photographs of prisoner abuse , seem more desperate than earnest .
They say they fear the outrage from the insurgency if the photographs are released .
But is the outrage they most fear the outrage from Americans and people around the world as more details of the intentional lies and deception are revealed ?
The warnings of likely reactions to these photographs possibly endangering the safety of soldiers and civilians in the combat zones strike a loud chord of fear .
The wars are not going well .
The military commanders know the wars are not going well .
No secret there .
To release or not release becomes a diversion from the main issue about the military missions .
The president surely does not want to increase the risk to soldiers , but hey , soldiers are in jeopardy every day in Iraq and Afghanistan with or without the photographs .
How can more photos hold such explosive risk ?
Are the most damning pieces of information the date stamps on the photographs or the locations of the abuses ?
Or are the commanders simply anxious because people will be able to connect more dots and finally realize prisoner abuse was far more than " seven bad apples " and occurred long before there was a war in Iraq -- perhaps in areas of responsibility under their command .
Do these same commanders , advising the president , have something far more important at risk and do the photographs reveal far more than what they want revealed ?
Are these details the strongest motivation for a president to make such a controversial decision and flip - flop on the promise of transparency ?
The insurgency is organized , well led and highly motivated , with a goal of making the invaders go away .
The insurgents are all too painfully aware of what was happening in interrogations and interrogation facilities in Iraq , Afghanistan and at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
This reversal will only empower them further to stay the course .
We are not kidding anyone .
Did anyone report a rise in insurgency activity following the release of the interrogation memos ?
No .
It is a ruse to suggest the photographs may endanger the lives of soldiers serving in the region .
These photographs are not going to imperil coalition forces any more than the perils they are facing each and every day in Iraq and Afghanistan , so why delay ?
The photographs will be released eventually .
There is no valid justification to reverse a decision to release more photographs of prisoner abuse .
We are better than this as a nation .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Janis Karpinski .
All About Barack Obama • Insurgencies • U.S. Armed Forces Activities
Siete cámaras de seguridad del metro de Madrid captaron lo que ocurrió justo antes y después de la muerte de Carlos Palomino en el metro .
El saludo nazi del atacante , Josué Estébanez .
El tumulto de amigos de Carlos intentando atraparle después .
Dos resultaron heridos y uno de ellos sale del suburbano apoyado en otro amigo : tiene una puñalada en el costado .
Josué escapó del vagón aprovechando la confusión y el polvo provocado por un extintor que arrojó uno de los compañeros de Carlos , evacuado en una camilla por uno de los vestíbulos .
Estébanez salió por el otro , perseguido por los colegas del joven de Vallecas , un barrio popular de Madrid .
Con la navaja aún en la mano .
PILAR ÁLVAREZ / ÁLVARO DE LA RÚA
For those of you who long for the old Amarok 1.4 two - column layout , it is now possible to sort of simulate this behavior in Amarok 2.1 by careful dragging of splitters and customization of the playlist :
It is also ( nearly ) possible to emulate the layout of Juk , iTunes , Banshee , or Rhythmbox :
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - New York , Boston and other cities on North America ’s northeast coast could face a rise in sea level this century that would exceed forecasts for the rest of the planet if Greenland ’s ice sheet keeps melting as fast as it is now , researchers said on Wednesday .
An iceberg is pictured in Ilulissat fjord in Greenland August 16 , 2007 , during the visit of German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Environment Minister Sigmar Gabriel to the region .
REUTERS / Michael Kappeler / Pool
Sea levels off the northeast coast of North America could rise by 12 to 20 inches more than other coastal areas if the Greenland glacier - melt continues to accelerate at its present pace , the researchers reported .
This is because the current rate of ice - melting in Greenland could send so much fresh water into the salty north Atlantic Ocean that it could change the vast ocean circulation pattern sometimes called the conveyor belt .
Scientists call this pattern the meridional overturning circulation .
“ If the Greenland melt continues to accelerate , we could see significant impacts this century on the northeast U.S. coast from the resulting sea level rise , ” said Aixie Hu , lead author of an article on the subject in the journal Geophysical Research Letters .
“ Major northeastern cities are directly in the path of the greatest rise , ” said Hu , a scientist at the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder , Colorado .
This is an even bleaker assessment than an earlier study indicated .
A March article in the journal Nature Geoscience said warmer water temperatures could shift ocean currents so as to raise sea levels off the U.S. northeast coast by about 8 inches more than the average global sea level rise .
NOT LIKELY BUT POSSIBLE
However , this earlier research did not include the impact of melting Greenland ice , which would speed changes in ocean circulation and send 4 to 12 more inches of water toward northeastern North America , on top of the average global sea level rise .
That could put residents of New York , Boston and Halifax , Nova Scotia , at risk since these cities and others lie close to sea level now , Hu said in answer to e-mailed questions .
Not only would coastal residents be at direct risk from flooding but drainage systems would suffer as salty ocean water would move back into river deltas , changing the biological environment , Hu wrote in an e-mail .
“ In a flooding zone , because the higher sea level may impede the function of the drainage system , the future flood may become more severe , ” he wrote .
If cities are prone to subsidence -- where the ground sinks -- higher sea levels would also make that problem worse , according to Hu .
The ice that covers much of Greenland is melting faster now due to global climate change , raising world sea levels .
But sea level does not rise evenly around the globe .
Sea level in the North Atlantic is now 28 inches lower than in the North Pacific , because the Atlantic has a dense , compact layer of deep , cold water that the Pacific lacks .
Greenland ’s ice - melt rate has increased by 7 percent a year since 1996 but Hu said it is unlikely to continue .
Still , he and his co-authors ran computer simulations that included this fast - paced melting , along with more moderate scenarios with ice - melt increasing by 3 percent or 1 percent annually .
Hu said it was hard to say whether the 7 percent annual increase could go on for the next 50 years but said it was possible since the current rate of increase in climate - warming carbon dioxide is higher than the high end of projections by the U.N. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
Graphs provided by the authors , published by the AGU
A valuable short paper that has been accepted for publication in Geophysical Research Letters ( subscription required ) makes a strong case against presenting any argument about human - driven global warming that ’s based on short - term trends ( a decade or so ) .
I ’ve noted here before that climate campaigners who seek to use real - time events to engage the public can only retain credibility if they account for natural variability in framing their case and explain that the odds of such events are shifting .
( Realclimate explored natural variability and warming last year , too . )
The same requirement applies to the community of climate skeptics / contrarians / deniers / realists ( depending on who ’s doing the labeling ) who have made a mantra out of the “ global cooling ” since the 1998 peak in global temperature .
The paper shows , both in recent records and projections using computer simulations , how utterly normal it is to have decade - long vagaries in temperature , up and down , on the way to a warmer world .
The paper is titled simply , “ Is the climate warming or cooling ? ”
It is written by David R. Easterling of the National Climatic Data Center and Michael F. Wehner of the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory .
The bottom line ?
“ We show that the climate over the 21st century can and likely will produce periods of a decade or two where the globally averaged surface air temperature shows no trend or even slight cooling in the presence of longer - term warming , ” the paper says , adding that , “ It is easy to ‘ cherry pick ’ a period to reinforce a point of view . ”
I asked Dr. Easterling why they pursued this effort , which somewhat replicates findings of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , but perhaps with a more pointed goal .
Here ’s his reply :
To show , in a peer - reviewed scientifically defensible way that there is no reason to expect the climate to warm in a monotonic type fashion , that there is natural variability along with anthropogenic forced warming and we should n’t expect each year to be warmer than the next or even a run of 10 years always to show warming .
That we can get a 10 - or even 15 - year period with no real change in globally averaged temperature even though in the end we have strong global warming .
There was another useful effort by climate scientists and communication specialists this week , a letter to the journal Science , “ Creating a Common Climate Language , ” urging international organizations to standardize basic terms in assessing climate science to gauge policy responses .
( You can download the letter at Michael Mann ’s Web page . )
The more work that the science community does along these lines , the better .
There is a dizzying range of official definitions of the term “ climate change ” itself , for starters .
Some assessments track only concentrations of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere ; others consolidate the influence of all greenhouse gases into a “ carbon dioxide equivalent ” measurement .
There ’s no common number for the globe ’s “ pre-industrial ” average temperature , etc .
When entering any debate , a first step clearly is to settle on definitions .
I ’ll be doing more pieces on the climate basics soon , including a look at arguments that ocean cycles like the Pacific Decadal Oscillation are the dominant driver of recent climate change .
I ’ll also be writing more on why sea levels do not rise uniformly ( and may be falling in a few places ) even as there is high confidence in rising seas in a warming world .
Book
First Edition cover Second edition cover
Datasets
This webpage contains the code and other supporting material for the textbook " Machine Learning : An Algorithmic Perspective " by Stephen Marsland , published by CRC Press , part of the Taylor and Francis group .
The first edition was published in 2009 , and a revised and updated second edition is due out towards the end of 2014 .
The book is aimed at computer science and engineering undergraduates studing machine learning and artificial intelligence .
The table of contents for the second edition can be found here
There are lots of Python / NumPy code examples in the book , and the code is available here .
Datasets ( either the actual data , or links to the appropriate resources ) are given at the bottom of the page .
Note that the chapter headings and order below refer to the second edition .
However , the titles of the chapters should enable users of the first edition to find the relevant sections .
In addition , a zip file of the code for the 1st edition is available here
All of the code is freely available to use ( with appropriate attribution ) , but comes with no warranty of any kind .
Option 1 : Zip file of all code , arranged into chapters Option 2 : Choose what you want from here :
Many of the datasets used in the book are available from the UCI Machine Learning Repository .
In particular , look for the Iris data , the Pima Indian data , the car safety data , the auto - mpg data , the wine data , and the mushroom data .
Two of the most popular machine learning demonstration datasets are the MNIST set of zip code digits , which is available here , and the binary alpha digits dataset , which can be downloaded here .
Finally , there are a couple of smaller datasets that are not available elsewhere , at least in their current form , and so should be downloaded from this website :
Rachel Maddow gives her recap of the tea bag protests today and a few double entendres thrown in for good measure .
For all the time
Fox put into promoting these protests it seems the turnout was not quite what they had hoped .
And apparently Republican protesters do n't understand much about permits and not throwing things that could get you into trouble with the Secret Service on the White House lawn .
Ana Marie Cox was at the D.C. tea bag protests today and fills Rachel in on her experiences there .
June 2 , 2009
California 's pending bankruptcy has deep roots in tax policy , public employee costs , regulatory dysfunction and a declining real - world economy .
Standard - Issue Financial Pundits ( SIFPs ) like Paul Krugman ( State of Paralysis ) are claiming the state 's problems all stem from miserly California voters refusing to pay higher taxes .
Uh , Paul , do you pay $ 10,000 in property taxes for a property you bought in 1992 ?
I do , and I do n't think that 's a low tax .
In case Paul has n't visited the Golden State recently , allow me the honor of introducing a funny little concept called fact to his pro-tax rant .
We pay 9.5 % sales tax ( 9.75 % if you voted for various transit projects like BART ) which is among the highest in the nation .
If you make a decent wage ( I do n't , but many do ) then the state income tax is about 10 % as well .
That rate is also among the highest in the nation .
What we have here is not just cognitive dissonance but pathological disassociation from reality : California is a very high - tax state , with among the highest rates in the nation in virtually every category of taxation .
Voters rejected the bogus tax - and - borrow - more propositions for two reasons : 1 . The propositions were deceptively written and presented in a ham - handed attempt to mask the fact they were n't tax increases .
Voters rejected this incredibly crass attempt to deceive them .
Lesson for state politicos : if you want a tax increase , ask for it in plain English .
2 . Residents already pay high taxes , and the state has already garnered $ 40 billion per year in additional funding over this decade .
We seem to have received little in the way of improvements for the extra $ 40 billion a year in state spending .
Even in a state with 36 million residents , that is a stupendous sum .
Therefore voters desire to send more of their money to a government which has shown little fiscal restraint and precious little oversight of current spending was low .
To understand California 's impending bankruptcy , we have to consider these fundamental issues : 1 . State , county and city employees are paid ( wages and benefits ) between 50 % and 200 % more than equivalent private - sector employees .
2 . The California economy 's real - world foundations -- agriculture , entertainment , technology and tourism -- are all in decline or pressured by state policies .
3 . Overlapping state regulatory agencies are effectively strangling real - world businesses in favor of high - on - the - food - chain enterprises like attorneys and Web 2.0 firms -- businesses which create few jobs and which ultimately depend on highly profitable real - world businesses for their own incomes .
4 . The Prop 13 limits on raising property taxes has saved millions from losing their homes due to escalating property taxes even as it has unintentionally created vast injustices .
Let 's tackle the last item first .
Pundits both in - state and out - of - state are quick to identify not bloated public - employee pay and benefits but low property taxes as the culprit .
My wife and I bought our residential property 17 years ago at a cost far below current values and we still pay $ 10,000 a year .
Is that " too low " ?
If that 's too low , then what do these pundits think average wage earners can afford ?
$ 20,000 a year ?
Do they really think $ 1,660 per month is " reasonable " for property taxes ?
How much do they pay ?
The injustice in the system is obvious but difficult to rectify .
To understand why , let 's consider the other taxes : income and sales .
A rough form of justice is implicit in both : everyone who buys something regardless of their income pays sales tax .
Those who buy more are presumably wealthier , hence they pay more sales taxes than those of limited incomes .
( Food is exempt from sales tax in California . )
Income tax is highly progressive in California , with moderate - income folks like myself paying modest sums ( I paid $ 513 on adjusted gross income of $ 30,000 ) while high - income residents pay a stiff 9 - 10 % .
This too carries a readily comprehensible justice : higher income residents can more easily afford higher tax rates as they have more income above subsistance .
But a tax which is $ 1,200 for for one house and $ 12,000 for the identical house next door is explicitly unjust .
The problem is that the elderly resident of the house paying $ 1,200 a year might be scraping by on a Social Security check , while the house across the street paying $ 1,300 a year in property taxes might be long - owned by wealthy pensioners pulling in $ 10,000 a month .
Meanwhile , the young family who foolishly bought in at the top of the housing bubble next door might be paying $ 15,000 a year in property taxes even as 65 % of their income goes to pay their mortgage and property taxes .
( I have friends who pay even more than this stupendous sum for their " fixer - upper " purchased in 2006 . )
The only fair way to rectify this structural injustice is to consider the total income ( not just taxable income , but all income ) and total assets of the residents .
Simply raising taxes on low - tax properties will only create new injustices as low - income retirees are forced from their homes by suddenly steep tax increases .
On the other hand , why should residents pulling down $ 10,000 a month pay 10 % of the tax their neighbors pay ?
That too is unjust .
It seems obvious that some straight - forward adjusting based on income and assets could rectify the worst of the injustices of the current system .
Yes , this would require a lot of paper - processing , but is n't justice worth some paper - pushing ?
How about something along these lines : if you pay property tax of less than $ 3,600 a year and your gross income from all sources ( including tax - free bonds ) exceeds $ 100,000 a year then your tax jumps to $ 3,600 a year or 90 % of the county 's average property tax , whichever is lower .
Look , if you 're enjoying an income of $ 100 K or more , I think you can manage $ 300 / month instead of $ 150 / month in property taxes .
If you pay more than $ 10,000 per year in property tax , the property is worth less than $ 1 million and your household income from all sources is less than $ 100,000 , then your tax drops to $ 10,000 per year .
Whatever parameters are set , a fairly limited set of adjustments like the above would rectify the worst injustices of the current system in short order .
Yes , some would still pay much less than neighbors while others would pay far more , but some modest attempt at justice would still be worth the effort .
I know all you who work for government and quasi - government agencies like water boards , transit systems and school boards will find this disagreeable , but the vast majority of public employees are paid twice as much ( or more ) as their private - sector counterparts when benefits are factored in .
I know for a fact that clerks in school district offices are paid well over $ 40,000 a year , with benefits exceeding $ 20,000 per year , while private - sector clerks with the same skillsets are worth perhaps $ 22-24,000 in the real world , with minimal pension benefits .
Including rich benefits and pensions , many public - sector employees in California are paid twice or more the market - rate value of their labor .
Since labor costs make up 3 / 4 of all government budgets , it is obvious the only long - term solution to deficits in states already groaning beneath high taxes is to bring public employee wages and benefits in line with real - world market valuations for that labor .
To date , California 's public employee unions are fiercely resisting all but the most feeble reductions in their members ' pay and benefits .
Given the outsized share of labor costs in all government , this recalcitrance guarantees the state will become insolvent / go bankrupt and literally be unable to meet its payroll .
It is instructive to recall that in 1932 , the city of San Francisco reduced its municipal salaries by 25 % and limited city jobs to one per household .
Note to public - employee unions : that is a real - world start you might do well to accept before even harsher terms are offered .
Overlapping dysfunctional regulations are driving real - world businesses under .
Like a prissy spoiled princess , California has turned up its nose at enterprises like making steel ( smelly ) , surfboards ( let China worry about fumes ) , agriculture ( uses too much water which I need to keep my lawn green and pool filled ) , aerospace ( there 's never enough taxes on the military - industrial complex ) and physical technology ( that wafer plant is too toxic for our taste , no matter what controls you install ) .
Oh , and every permit application will cost you big - time .
The actual permit -- well , what makes you think we 'll actually lower ourselves to grant you one ?
If we do , the fee will hit you like a sucker punch to the gut .
Then we 'll add inspection fees , business licenses and a swarm of other junk fees .
But really , we 're " pro-business " here -- we love businesses dumb enough to stay here .
Sadly , the ranks of sucker corporations seem to be thinning .
As a result , California now depends on top - of - the - food - chain enterprises like attorneys ( sue it if has insurance , do n't bother if it does n't ) , tourism and the horrifically overhyped fraud known as Web 2.0 ( a handful of young coders constructing a web business suposedly worth billions but the only source of revenues from now until the sun explodes is advertising ) .
In case nobody noticed , adverts only work on people with jobs and income .
Tinseltown is tanking .
The Web is dismantling the film and music industries faster than you can say " Ten bucks to see a freakin ' movie ? "
Unemployment in the film and music industries is rampant and growing .
The costs of doing business in california are simply too high to make money .
The illusion of corporate headquartering in California is like a Hollywood set facade .
Behind the corporate facade , global giants like Intel are basing most of their employees overseas or in lower - tax states like New Mexico and Oregon .
Yes , Silicon Valley is still the place to come for venture capital ; and yes , entrepreneurs are still starting companies .
But once they need to grow , they have to exit the state to prosper .
The state organs of propaganda will deny all this , but then why are tax receipts down over 40 % year over year ?
Is that because so many new businesses are prospering and hiring people ?
The pathetic truth is California got by on a mere $ 100 billion a year in spending not many years ago and now there is great gnashing of teeth and weeping that the state is ruined if spending does n't stay at $ 143 billion a year .
If this were true , then how did we get by on $ 95 billion a mere decade ago ?
The answer to cutting $ 42 billion is simple : all agencies must revert to their 2001 budgets .
The housing bubble provided California with one last glorious shot of fantasy .
No need to tax and spend prudently -- housing will keep going up and the property tax increases are stupendous .
No need to make anything tangible any longer -- just fill office towers with brokers , attorneys and mortgage sales staff .
Property taxes and capital gains from housing will keep rising forever .
Yeah , right .
Welcome to reality , California .
Either fix your structural problems or prepare your bankruptcy filing .
Of Two Minds is now available via Kindle : Of Two Minds blog - Kindle
Our previous list of hot reading ( check them out at your local library if you do n't want to own a copy ) can be found at Books and Films .
What 's for dinner at your house ?
has been updated with a new recipe : Eggplant Parmesan .
This a mouthwatering photo - illustrated PDF from longtime contributor Bill Murath .
Of Two Minds reader forum ( hosted offsite , reader moderated )
Fortune Business Insights
Pune , Sept. 30 , 2020 ( GLOBE NEWSWIRE ) --
Global cosmeceuticals market size is projected to reach USD 73.73 billion by the end of 2026 .
The increasing investment in the R&D of newer products will ...
Baby Peter died after months of abuse despite visits from authorities Baby Peter 's mother , her boyfriend and their lodger have been jailed for causing or allowing the boy 's death .
The toddler died after enduring months of abuse in Haringey , north London .
Peter 's mother and lodger Jason Owens were given indefinite sentences .
She must serve at least five years and Owens at least three years .
The boyfriend was given 12 years over Peter 's death and life for raping a two - year - old girl .
He must serve a minimum of 10 years .
Old Bailey Judge Stephen Kramer said both Baby Peter 's mother and Owens would be jailed indefinitely until " deemed no longer to be a risk to the public and in particular to small children " .
Any decent person who heard the catalogue of medical conditions and non-accidental injuries suffered by Peter cannot fail to have been appalled
Judge Stephen Kramer
Blogs threatened Baby Peter cases Reaction to the sentencing
He described the mother as a " manipulative " and " self - centred " person with " a calculating side as well as a temper " .
The judge said she neglected Baby Peter , who was 17 months old at the time of his death , for the sake of her relationship with her boyfriend .
The atmosphere in their home allowed " a complete lack of care " , with " a sickening and descending loss of personal responsibility " , he said .
' Deceived the authorities ' " I reject the suggestion that you were blind to what was happening in that house or that you were naive , " he told Baby Peter 's mother .
" Your conduct over the months prevented Peter from being seen by social services .
You actively deceived the authorities . "
Judge Kramer said the mother 's boyfriend played " a major role " in Peter 's death .
He said the boyfriend 's rape of a two - year - old girl was a " massive breach of trust " .
BABY P JUDGEMENT
Transcript of sentencing remarks in Baby P judgement [ 47.1 KB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here " The seriousness and extraordinary and abhorrent features of this offence call for a sentence outside the normal guidelines , " the judge said .
The boyfriend must serve a minimum of 10 years for rape before he can be considered for parole .
The judge told Owens : " You ignored Peter 's needs - the needs of a child obviously at risk - preferring instead to shield yourself from discovery . "
Baby Peter suffered more than 50 injuries including broken ribs and a broken back .
' Sense of shock '
They occurred despite the fact that Baby Peter was on the at - risk register and receiving 60 visits from social workers , doctors and police over eight months .
SENTENCING GUIDELINES
Rape of a child under 13 carries a maximum sentence of life in prison Causing or allowing the death of a child carries a maximum sentence of 14 years in jail , or a fine , or both However , in cases where offenders are considered to pose a risk to the public , the judge can impose an indeterminate sentence
In passing this sentence , the judge will recommend a minimum term to be served before the offender can be considered for release .
Only after this time can the Parole Board consider whether the offender no longer poses a threat to the public and so is suitable for release
The judge said : " Any decent person who heard the catalogue of medical conditions and non-accidental injuries suffered by Peter cannot fail to have been appalled . "
Baby Peter 's mother will be eligible for parole in August 2012 .
Owens will be eligible for parole in August 2011 .
The BBC's Angus Crawford , who was in the court , said there was shouting from the public gallery as Peter 's mother was led from the dock .
" She was sworn at and called a tramp .
Outside the Old Bailey , a group of women wearing T - shirts with a picture of Baby Peter 's face on , complained that the sentences were too lenient .
" They shouted , ' The system must be changed ' , " he said .
Earlier on Friday a serious case review said Baby Peter 's death " could and should have been prevented " .
Lord Laming , who carried out a wide - ranging review of child protection services after Baby P's death , said the tragedy reinforced his belief that reforms had to be implemented nationwide .
He said : " These are tragic cases , and I share the sense of shock and concern felt by everyone , not least because of the failure of each of the key public services to intervene and protect these young children already identified to be seriously at risk . "
Five employees of Haringey Council in north London , including children 's services director Sharon Shoesmith , were sacked after Baby Peter 's death .
The General Medical Council has suspended two doctors involved in the case .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Researchers from the University of California at Davis ( USA ) and the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig ( Germany ) present a virtual reconstruction of a female Neanderthal pelvis from Tabun ( Israel ) .
Although the size of Tabun ’s reconstructed birth canal shows that Neanderthal childbirth was about as difficult as in present - day humans , the shape indicates that Neanderthals retained a more primitive birth mechanism than modern humans .
The virtual reconstruction of the pelvis from Tabun is going to be the first of its kind to be available for download on the internet for everyone interested in the evolution of humankind ( PNAS , April 20th , 2009 ) .
Childbirth in humans is more complicated than in other primates .
Unlike the situation in great apes , human babies are about the same size as the birth canal , making passage difficult .
The birth mechanism , a series of rotations the baby must undergo to successfully navigate its mother ’s birth canal , distinguishes humans not only from great apes but also from lesser apes and monkeys .
It has been difficult to trace the evolution of human childbirth because the pelvic skeleton , which forms the margins of the birth canal , tends to survive poorly in the fossil record .
Only three fossil female individuals preserve fairly complete birth canals , and they all date to earlier phases of human evolution .
Tim Weaver of the University of California ( Davis , USA ) and Jean - Jacques Hublin , director at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig ( Germany ) now present a virtual reconstruction of a female Neanderthal pelvis from Tabun ( Israel ) .
The size of Tabun ’s reconstructed birth canal shows that Neanderthal childbirth was about as difficult as in present - day humans .
However , its shape indicates that Neanderthals retained a more primitive birth mechanism than modern humans , without rotation of the baby ’s body .
A significant shift in childbirth apparently happened quite late in human evolution , during the last 400,000 - 300,000 years .
Such a late shift underscores the uniqueness of human childbirth and the divergent evolutionary trajectories of Neanderthals and the lineage leading to present - day humans .
The virtual reconstruction of the pelvis from Tabun is going to be the first of its kind to be available for download on the internet for everyone interested in human evolution .
The computer files will be available from the websites of University of California at Davis and the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology .
Our Inaugural viewing pod thought Dick Cheney ’s wheelchair was a clever ploy .
We did n’t fall for it .
He could n’t have strained his back lifting file boxes .
The files had all been shredded months ago .
We bet the wheelchair was intended to garner him some Pinochetish sympathy .
Who would prosecute an old , stooped , white haired man in a wheelchair for war crimes ?
Uh , Dick would .
Well , he ’s baaaaack !
In an interview with Politico , Cheney astride his high horse , patiently side - mouthed to his scribes that Obama ’s policies invited terrorist attacks .
He denounced the closing of Gitmo and bemoaned the suspension of his favorite interrogation techniques .
Which caused MSNBC ’s Keith Olbermann to go into an eleven - minute , high dudgeon rant addressed directly to Cheney , with a lot of “ You sirs ” and squinty , glinty eyeballing .
As if Cheney were home watching Countdown on his flat panel TV while cleaning his gun .
Olbermann finished , and man was he steamed , but it was hard to take seriously because he ’d just finished sucking up to Super Bowl players on ESPN .
I bet if Cheney was in his barcalounger , back from padding off for another beer , he merely groused , “ So ? ” and shot the TV .
At least George has the decency just to go to Baylor basketball games and keep his mouth shut .
Okay , cancel the decency .
Old Dick does not follow the Obama way .
I wish Obama did n’t either .
I know it ’s only seventeen days .
I know , after eight years , I have to give the new uber - bipartisan gestalt a chance to work .
I ’ve tried it a few times in my relationship when we ’re wrangling about something like , oh , money .
I just stop and say , “ Honey , that ’s not the Obama way . ”
And we hug .
But from up here in Manhattan , the former financial capital of the world , where more and more stunned young men in everyday - is - casual - day pressed Dockers are seen at the playground mid-afternoon , one hand pushing a kid on a swing , the other thumbing a Blackberry , I just want to say to DC , “ Do not make me come down there . ”
In his monologue Cheney also grumped that nobody saw something of the size and dimension of our economic collapse occurring .
That sounds similar to his claim about the 2001 terrorist attacks .
So if he now sees another terrorist attack coming , perhaps he can look out his Wyoming ponderosa windows and see the Depression coming , and warn his little conservative , obstructionist pals about it .
If certain Republican senators do not like Obama ’s stimulus plan , then fine , your state will not get any of the moneys .
Is that bipartisan enough ?
In the teeth of the economic storm , I often feel silly yapping about LGBT identity politics .
“ We have no job , no home and little food , ” seems to trump , “ I want my gay rights ! ”
John D’Emilio , professor of history and gender studies at the University of Illinois at Chicago , said recently that it might be more helpful to recalculate our Gay Positioning System .
Gay activists can join with labor , civil rights activists , immigrant rights workers , youth organizers and peace activists and together denounce the terrible success of other identity movements – the perfect storm of the filthy rich and Christian conservative identity movements .
Who are you ?
My name is Ian Schreiber .
I ’ve been working in the video game industry since the turn of the millenium , first as a programmer and then as a game designer .
I ’ve taught college classes in game design since Fall 2006 .
For any other information , you can Google me .
What is this blog ?
This blog is an experiment in game design and pedagogy .
During Summer 2009 , I will post a series of lectures , course notes , readings , and challenges to this blog on the subject of game design .
This blog is a course in game design ( specifically , non-digital systems design ) .
Tuition : none .
This class is open to all .
Prerequisites : none .
It is my intention to make this course accessible to all levels of experience , while providing useful additional resources for those who are advanced .
Schedule : Monday 6/29/2009 through Sunday 9/6/2009 .
Posts will be made twice per week .
You can read them at your own pace .
The course lasts ten weeks .
Audience : anyone with an interest in game design .
This includes students who are interested in game design ; faculty who teach courses in game design and would like to compare course material ; game developers with an interest in design or a desire to see an example of what students are being taught these days ; or relatives of game designers who are curious about what these people do all day .
Two levels of participation
If you just want to peek at the content , all you have to do is bookmark this blog and read .
You can even post comments .
If you want a more in - depth experience , register for the class by sending an email to gamedesignconcepts@yahoo.com and letting me know that you want in .
Registration is free .
The purpose for this is not to add you to some kind of spam list , but rather so I can give you access to the other ( private ) course resources as Summer approaches .
In your email , please give your name , city , time zone , and whether you are signing up alone or in a group .
Also let me know your level of experience : are you a student , teacher , game designer or other game developer , professional working outside the game industry , etc .
Why are you doing this ?
I have many motivations for starting this project , some selfish and some altrusitic .
Best to be up front about it :
Game design is my passion , and I love to share it with anyone and everyone .
I have taught some classes in a traditional classroom and others online , and I want to experiment with alternate methods of teaching .
By exposing my course content and viewing the comments and discussions , I can improve the course when I teach it for money .
It is a career move .
If this course is successful , it gives me greater exposure in my field and promotes my name as a brand .
Is this really , totally , 100 % free ?
The blog is free , and registration is free .
There are some minor costs :
There is a required textbook .
It retails for under $ 25 US .
Part of the course will involve the creation of a fully realized non-digital project , so you may need to purchase materials .
These usually range from $ 25 to $ 50 , depending on the game .
It ’s still cheaper than college tuition .
Where can I get more information ?
You can send an email to gamedesignconcepts@yahoo.com asking for more information .
Also , if you keep watching this site , I will post more information periodically ( such as a syllabus ) as Summer approaches .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
TAIPEI , Taiwan
I have seen the future , and it wo n’t work .
These should be hopeful times for environmentalists .
Junk science no longer rules in Washington .
President Obama has spoken forcefully about the need to take action on climate change ; the people I talk to are increasingly optimistic that Congress will soon establish a cap - and - trade system that limits emissions of greenhouse gases , with the limits growing steadily tighter over time .
And once America acts , we can expect much of the world to follow our lead .
But that still leaves the problem of China , where I have been for most of the last week .
Like every visitor to China , I was awed by the scale of the country ’s development .
Even the annoying aspects  much of my time was spent viewing the Great Wall of Traffic  are byproducts of the nation ’s economic success .
But China cannot continue along its current path because the planet can’t handle the strain .
The scientific consensus on prospects for global warming has become much more pessimistic over the last few years .
Indeed , the latest projections from reputable climate scientists border on the apocalyptic .
Why ?
Because the rate at which greenhouse gas emissions are rising is matching or exceeding the worst - case scenarios .
And the growth of emissions from China  already the world ’s largest producer of carbon dioxide  is one main reason for this new pessimism .
Announcing NetBSD 5.0
Introduction The NetBSD Project is pleased to announce that NetBSD 5.0 , the thirteenth major release of the NetBSD operating system , is now available .
NetBSD 5.0 features greatly improved performance and scalability on modern multiprocessor ( SMP ) and multi-core systems .
Multi - threaded applications can now efficiently make use of more than one CPU or core , and system performance is much better under I/O and network load , benefiting , for example , server , scientific , and software development workloads .
This improved performance is the result of a rewritten threading subsystem based on a 1:1 threading model , new kernel synchronization primitives , kernel preemption , a rewritten scheduler implementation , real - time scheduling extensions , processor sets , and dynamic CPU sets for thread affinity .
Almost all core kernel subsystems , like virtual memory , memory allocators , file system frameworks for major file systems , and others were audited and overhauled to make use of highly concurrent algorithms .
Your generous donations during the 2007 fund drive allowed us to sponsor much of the above development in the areas of SMP performance and scalability .
This work was highly successful , and we would like to see a repeat of this success in the future .
See below to find out how you can help .
In addition to scalability and performance improvements , a significant number of major features have been added .
Some highlights are : a preview of metadata journaling for FFS file systems ( known as WAPBL , Write Ahead Physical Block Logging ) , the ' jemalloc ' memory allocator , the X.
Org X11 distribution instead of XFree86 on a number of ports , the Power Management Framework , ACPI suspend / resume support on many laptops , write support for UDF file systems , the Automated Testing Framework , the Runnable Userspace Meta Program framework , Xen 3.3 support for both i386 and amd64 , POSIX message queues and asynchronous I/O , and many new hardware device drivers .
Please read below for a full list of changes in NetBSD 5.0 .
Complete source and binaries for NetBSD 5.0 are available for download at many sites around the world .
A list of download sites providing FTP , AnonCVS , SUP , and other services may be found at http://www.NetBSD.org/mirrors/.
We encourage users who wish to install via ISO images to download via BitTorrent by using the torrent files supplied in the ISO image area .
A list of hashes for the NetBSD 5.0 distribution has been signed with the well - connected PGP key for the NetBSD Security Officer : ftp://ftp.NetBSD.org/pub/NetBSD/security/hashes/NetBSD-5.0_hashes.asc
NetBSD is free .
All of the code is under non-restrictive licenses , and may be used without paying royalties to anyone .
Free support services are available via our mailing lists and website .
Commercial support is available from a variety of sources .
More extensive information on NetBSD is available from our website : http://www.NetBSD.org/
2009 Fund Drive
Your donation to the NetBSD Foundation allows the project to make major improvements to the code base .
With work having begun on NetBSD 6.0 , we announce the 2009 Fund Drive , targeting 60,000 USD by the end of the year .
We would like to continue funded development in various areas , including : Improving network stack concurrency and performance .
Development of modern file systems and improvement of existing ones .
Features which are useful in embedded environments , for example , high resolution timers and execute in place ( XIP ) support .
Automatic testing and quality assurance .
We have recently made some changes to the way we accept and honor your donations .
For more information about donating , visit http://www.NetBSD.org/donations/
Major Changes Between 4.0 and 5.0 Some highlights include : General kernel Introduced new synchronization primitives and made almost all core kernel subsystems use fine - grained locking , resulting in much greater performance on MP systems .
See mutex ( 9 ) , rwlock ( 9 ) , and condvar ( 9 ) .
The threading system was rewritten and is now based on a 1:1 model .
Made the process scheduler modular , allowing for different scheduling algorithms to be selected .
The default scheduler implementation was rewritten , giving large performance improvements on SMP systems , and bringing support for real - time and time - sharing classes .
Added support for SCHED_M2 , a second scheduling algorithm , as an alternative to the original SCHED_4BSD algorithm .
Added support for POSIX real - time scheduling extensions .
Added support for POSIX asynchronous I/O .
Added support for POSIX message queues .
Added support for processor sets , CPU sets , and thread affinity .
See pset ( 3 ) , cpuset ( 3 ) , and affinity ( 3 ) .
Added MI code to support in - kernel preemption and made i386 and amd64 use it .
See kpreempt ( 9 ) .
Added a new implementation of software interrupts in a machine - independent way to provide software interrupts with thread context .
All ports were made to use it .
See softint ( 9 ) .
Added support for per-system call statistics .
Added support for per-CPU work - queues .
See workqueue ( 9 ) .
Added support for kernel core dumps to software RAID 1 sets .
Added mremap ( 2 ) , to remap virtual memory addresses .
Added support for dynamic changing of SysV message queues and semaphore limits .
Improved pagedaemon behavior on memory shortage .
Added TFTPROOT option for TFTPing root ramdisk at root mount time .
Added putter ( 9 ) ( Pass - to - Userspace Transporter ) , a generic request - response handler for kernel - attached userspace daemons .
Added a new power management framework , pmf( 9 ) .
By default , the kernel no longer enters ddb ( 4 ) if it panics .
To get the old behavior , set ddb.onpanic to 1 in /etc/sysctl.conf .
dd b ( 4 ) : Added a “ whatis ” command , inspired by Solaris .
command , inspired by Solaris .
All ports made to use generic todr ( 9 ) .
All ports made to use timecounter ( 9 ) .
Added Mersenne Twister PRNG implementation .
Added posix_madvise ( 2 ) .
Numerous improvements to compat_linux ( 8 ) and compat_linux32 .
Device attach and detach notifications are now exposed via / dev/drvctl .
Added sockopt ( 9 ) , a new kernel API for passing socket options .
If no usable init ( 8 ) program can be found , set the RB_ASKNAME flag and prompt users for the init path .
Networking Added ip v6 fast forward support , which increases forwarding speed by hashing / caching flows .
Added per-socket keepalive timer settings and the ability to change connection timeouts .
Added support for automatic sizing of TCP socket buffers .
Added a new socket option SO_NOHEADER to tell the network stack to strip the protocol header from packets received on a raw socket .
Added accept filters .
See accept_filter ( 9 ) , accf_data ( 9 ) , and accf_http( 9 ) .
fast_ipsec ( 4 ) : Added support for IPsec NAT-T .
pf ( 4 ) : Made “ nat ” and “ rdr ” translation rules obey state policy flags .
Extended pf.conf ( 5 ) syntax to express the translation - state policies .
and translation rules obey state policy flags .
Extended pf.conf ( 5 ) syntax to express the translation - state policies .
Network statistics were changed to be per-CPU .
ALTQ : Added support for source address hashing in the WFQ scheduler .
Pulled in IANA - generated services and protocols files .
File systems Added wapbl ( 4 ) , a preview of metadata journaling for FFS .
Contributed by Wasabi Systems .
Added read - only support for Apple HFS + file systems .
See mount_hfs ( 8 ) .
Added read - only support for Silicon Graphics EFS file systems .
See mount_efs ( 8 ) .
Added write support for UDF file systems .
See mount_udf ( 8 ) .
Added mount_psshfs ( 8 ) , to support puffs ( 3 ) sshfs .
Added mount_9 p ( 8 ) , to support 9P file services with puffs ( 3 ) .
Added rump_nfs ( 8 ) , a userspace NFS client .
Added mount_sysctlfs ( 8 ) , to support browsing , querying , and modifying the sysctl ( 3 ) hierarchy .
Added refuse ( 3 ) for FUSE compatibility functionality , layered on top of puffs ( 3 ) .
Added the user kernel file system library , ukfs ( 3 ) , for standalone file system access .
Added p2 k ( 3 ) , a puffs ( 3 ) to kernel vfs adaption library .
puffs ( 4 ) : Added support for NFS exporting puffs file servers .
Added 32 bit UID / GID support for ext2fs .
Added a newfs_ext2 fs ( 8 ) utility to create Ext2 file systems .
/ proc is now mounted by default .
Extended the Linux emulation of / proc to include / proc / stat , / proc / loadavg , and / proc / < pid >/ statm .
Linux compatibility mode is now the default .
Use -o nolinux if Linux compatibility is not desired .
Write speed to FAT file systems was significantly increased and the 255 head limit was removed .
Imported FreeBSD 's unionfs .
fsck_ext2fs ( 8 ) , fsck_ffs ( 8 ) , fsck_lfs ( 8 ) : Disable userid to username lookups by default and add - U flag to perform them .
scan_ffs ( 8 ) : Added - b option to search a partition for valid alternate superblocks .
fsck_ffs ( 8 ) : Added -x/-X options , which allow running fsck_ffs -n on a snapshot of a live filesystem .
Security Added support for per-user / tmp. See security ( 8 ) .
Added support for ASLR ( Address Space Layout Randomization ) in the kernel and dynamic linker .
See security ( 8 ) .
Added an opencrypto ( 9 ) provider for VIA ACE ( AES encryption instructions ) .
Added nsp ( 4 ) , a driver for NetOctave NSP2000 , contributed by NBMK Encryption Technologies , ported from vendor FreeBSD SDK and integrated with opencrypto by Coyote Point Systems .
opencrypto(9 ) : Improved performance by adding asynchronous operation and batched submit / retrieve of requests / results .
Contributed by Coyote Point Systems .
cgd (4 ) : Changed the default IV to encblkno1 , which is faster without a real loss of security .
openssl ( 1 ) : Enabled support for Camellia .
Drivers Audio : Added pad ( 4 ) , a pseudo - audio device driver for feeding back raw PCM data to userland .
Added sgsmix ( 4 ) , a driver for the SGS 7433 mixer found in some G3 Macs. umidi( 4 ) : Added support for Roland UA25 , UA4FX , and SonicCell devices .
dbri( 4 ) : Added support for audio input. auvia ( 4 ) now works on big endian machines .
azalia ( 4 ) : AD1984 support was greatly improved .
Added support for Realtek ALC662 - GR and ALC269 codecs , which are found in EeePCs .
Added support for ALC268. auich ( 4 ) : Fixed a clock accounting problem that prevented detecting sample rates correctly .
Hardware Monitoring : Imported envsys2 , which brings , among other things , the ability to send events to powerd ( 8 ) .
See envsys ( 4 ) and sysmon_envsys ( 9 ) .
Added support for hardware monitoring on Sun Ultra Enterprise 450 .
Added aiboost ( 4 ) , a driver for the ASUS AI Booster ACPI Hardware monitor .
Added smsc( 4 ) , a driver for the hardware monitoring portion of the SMSC LPC47B397 .
Added aps ( 4 ) , a driver for the IBM Thinkpad Active Protection System .
Added coretemp ( 4 ) , a driver for Intel Core ( and newer ) on - die thermal sensors .
Added finsio( 4 ) , a driver for various Fintek Super I /O chips .
Added amdtemp ( 4 ) , a driver for AMD CPU on - die thermal sensors .
Added dbcool ( 4 ) , a driver for Analog Devices dbCool chips including ADT7460 , ADT7463 , ADT7467 , and ADM1030 .
Added alipm ( 4 ) , a driver for the Acer Labs M7101 Power Management Controller .
Added admtemp ( 4 ) , a driver for the Analog Devices ADM1021 temperature sensor . viaenv ( 4 ) : Added support for VIA VT8231. nsclpcsio( 4 ) : Added support for the VLM logical device .
lm ( 4 ) : Added an i2 c attachment for the LM78 family of temp sensor and fan controllers .
Networking : Added jme ( 4 ) , a driver for the JMicron Technologies JME250 Gigabit Ethernet and JME260 Fast Ethernet controllers .
Added u3 g ( 4 ) , a driver for many multi-port 3G datacards .
Added iwn ( 4 ) , a driver for the Intel Wireless LAN 4965AGN adapter .
Added zyd ( 4 ) , a driver for ZyDAS ZD1211 / ZD1211B USB IEEE 802.11b/ g wireless network devices .
Added uhmodem ( 4 ) , a driver for 3G wireless modems including Huawei E220 and E620 , E- mobile D01HW and D02HW , and NTT DoCoMo a2502 .
Added lii( 4 ) , a driver for the Atheros L2 Fast Ethernet controller .
Added btuart ( 4 ) , a driver for Bluetooth HCI UART ( H4 ) .
Firmware images are now shipped for ipw ( 4 ) , iwi ( 4 ) , wpi ( 4 ) , and iw n ( 4 ) .
For ipw ( 4 ) and iwi( 4 ) , the Intel EULA has to be accepted via sysctl ( 8 ) . fxp ( 4 ) : Fixed some TX timeout and RX pool corruption problems .
Added a workaround for a hardware ip4csum - tx bug . bge ( 4 ) : Added support for BCM5786 and BCM5906 ( M ) .
Fixed fiber card support . nfe ( 4 ) : Added support for NVIDIA MCP67/73 Ethernet controllers .
Fixed wakeup issues on some newer chips .
Fixed a problem with receiving jumbo frames .
btbc( 4 ) : Added support for AnyCom BlueCard devices . rum ( 4 ) : Added support for MELCO WLI - U2 - SG54HP , PLANEX GW - US54 Mini2 , COREGA CG - WLUSB2GL and K.K. CG - WLUSB2GPX , and ABOCOM WUG2700 .
makphy ( 4 ) : Added support for Marvell 88E1116 Gigabit PHY . gem ( 4 ) : Added support for Sun PCI SX fiber cards and Sun SBus SX fiber cards .
wm ( 4 ) : Added support for the Intel PRO / 1000 PT Quad Port Server Adapter .
Fixed a bug on receiving a jumbo frame which lead to a panic in sbcompress ( ) .
Added support for more ICH9 devices .
Fixed an EEPROM - trashing bug on ICH8 and ICH9 chipsets . udav( 4 ) : Added support for Shantou ADM8515 . brgphy ( 4 ) : Added support for BCM5708C. re ( 4 ) : Made hardware vlan ( 4 ) insertion / extraction work properly .
Added support for the Realtek 8102E / 8102EL PCIe 10/100 Ethernet adapters , as well as the 8111C chips that are found on many Intel - based motherboards .
sk ( 4 ) , msk ( 4 ) : Fixed a lock panic on receiving jumbo packets .
msk ( 4 ) : Fixed a Yukon EC Ultra cold power up issue . bnx ( 4 ) : Added support for SerDes controllers . vge ( 4 ) : Added ifconfig down and ALTQ support .
Storage : Added arcmsr( 4 ) , a driver for Areca Technology Corporation SATA RAID controllers .
Added siisata ( 4 ) , a driver for Silicon Image SteelVine SATA - II controllers ( SiI3124 , SiI3132 , and SiI3531 ) . is p( 4 ) : Major update , including 4 Gb ( 24XX ) card support and new firmware sets .
piixide ( 4 ) : Added support for ICH10. ahcisata ( 4 ) : Added support for ATAPI devices .
svwsata ( 4 ) : Added support for ServerWorks HT - 1000 SATA controller . njata ( 4 ) : Added support for Workbit CF32A CF adapter . viaide ( 4 ) : Added support for VIA CX700 , CX700M2 , NVIDIA MCP67 , and MCP73 / 77 controllers .
mfi( 4 ) : Added support for LSI SAS1078 and Dell PERC 6 controllers . mpt( 4 ) : Fixed performance problems for old revisions of the Symbios 53c1030 .
cac ( 4 ) : Added initial bio( 4 ) support ; only volume status is handled at this time . siop ( 4 ) : Added support for the non-PCI NCR 53c720/770 in big-endian mode . twa ( 4 ) : Added support for 3 ware 9650 and 9690 , based on contributions from Wasabi Systems . ciss ( 4 ) : Added bio( 4 ) support .
ataraid ( 4 ) : Added NVIDIA MediaShield , JMicron RAID , and Intel MatrixRAID support .
Added support for status reports through bio ( 4 ) . ixpide ( 4 ) : Added support for ATI SB700 / SB800 controllers . aac ( 4 ) : Added support for raw I/O mode and > 2TB. umass ( 4 ) : Added support for Sony GPS GPS - CS1 .
Fixed a panic on device removal .
aic ( 4 ) : Worked around an rbus resource allocation problem so that aic PCMCIA cards work again .
Implemented DIOCACHESYNC for RAIDframe , vnd ( 4 ) , and cgd ( 4 ) .
rccide : Added support for the ServerWorks HT - 1000 IDE controller .
wd33c93 : Enabled Fast SCSI transfers for WD33C93B parts with appropriate input clocks .
USB : Added uvideo ( 4 ) , a driver for USB Video Class capture devices , from Patrick Mahoney 's Google Summer of Code 2008 project .
Added uslsa ( 4 ) , a driver for CP210x USB - RS232 devices .
Added uchcom ( 4 ) , a driver for WinChipHead CH341/340 and HL - 340 USB - Serial adapters .
Added uberry ( 4 ) , a driver to allow RIM BlackBerries to charge from the USB port .
Added appropriate bus_dmamap_sync( 9 ) calls to uhci( 4 ) , ohci ( 4 ) , and ehci( 4 ) to prevent the CPU from reordering loads and stores against DMA descriptors .
This fixes “ host controller process error / host controller halted ” errors . ehci( 4 ) : Added isochronous transfer support , contributed by Jeremy Morse as part of his Google Summer of Code 2008 project .
ukbd ( 4 ) : Added support for function keys F16 through F19. uplcom ( 4 ) : Added support for Willcom WS002IN PHS and SMART Technologies - badged devices .
Recognize Corega CG - USBRS232R as a serial device . ugensa ( 4 ) : Added support for Novatel Wireless Merlin CMDA and Ovation U727. ubsa ( 4 ) : Added support for CDMA modems sold by Eurotel / O2 . uftdi( 4 ) : Added support for Sealevel SeaPORT+4 USB to Serial adapter . slhci( 4 ) : Replaced with Matthew Orgass 's driver .
Graphics and Video : Switched to X. Org on amd64 , i386 , macppc , sgimips , shark , and sparc64 .
Added video ( 4 ) , a video4 linux2 compatible capture interface , part of Patrick Mahoney 's Google Summer of Code 2008 project .
Added uvideo ( 4 ) , a driver for USB Video Class capture devices , from Patrick Mahoney 's Google Summer of Code 2008 project .
Added pseye ( 4 ) , a driver for the Sony PLAYSTATION ( R ) Eye USB webcam .
Added genfb ( 4 ) , a generic framebuffer console driver with PCI and SBus frontends .
Added AGP v3 support to VIA AGP driver .
Added support for Fujitsu AG - 10e graphics cards .
Added r128 fb , an accelerated console driver for ATI Rage 128 graphics controllers .
Added isv ( 4 ) , a driver for the IDEC Supervision / 16 image capture board .
wscons ( 4 ) : Added scrollback support to vcons. cgfourteen ( 4 ) : Added support for wscons .
agp ( 4 ) : Added support for ALI M1689 , MB i965Q , Intel Q33/35/G33 , Intel 945GME , and Intel 946GZ . bktr( 4 ) now works on amd64 .
Miscellaneous : Added pud( 4 ) , a driver that makes it possible to implement block and character devices in userspace .
Added spdmem ( 4 ) , a Serial Presence Detect driver that decodes technical specs stored in the eeprom on common types of memory modules .
Added bcsp ( 4 ) to support the BlueCore Serial Protocol .
Added thinkpad ( 4 ) , a driver to support IBM / Lenovo Thinkpad hotkeys , brightness controls , and temperature and fan monitoring .
Added gcscpcib ( 4 ) , a driver for the AMD CS5535 and CS5536 Companion Device with support for the timecounter , watchdog timer , and GPIO .
Added ichsmb ( 4 ) , a driver for Intel ICH SMBus controllers .
Added asus ( 4 ) , a driver for ASUS ACPI hotkeys as found in the EeePC .
Added acpidalb ( 4 ) , a driver for PNP0C32 ACPI hotkeys , aka the Direct Application Launch Buttons .
Added hpqlb( 4 ) , a driver for hotkeys on some HP notebooks .
adb ( 4 ) : New and simplified MI ADB drivers . ichlpcib ( 4 ) : Added support for the TCO ( watchdog ) on ICH6 or newer chipsets .
Now runs on EM64T systems as well .
itesio( 4 ) : Added support for the watchdog timer .
ulpt ( 4 ) : Implemented non-blocking read . puc( 4 ) : Added support for the I - O DATA RSA - PCI 2 port serial board , Digi International 4 and 8 port boards , and B&B Electronics MIPort serial boards .
piixpm ( 4 ) : Added support for ATI SB600 , SB700 , and SB800 SMBus controllers .
wscons ( 4 ) : Added support for the Colemak keyboard layout . com ( 4 ) : Added support for PCMCIA Sierra Wireless Aircard 850. nfsmb( 4 ) : Added support for numerous NVIDIA chipsets .
Platforms x86 ( i386 , amd64 ) : Removed GENERIC.MP and made MULTIPROCESSOR mandatory .
Enabled BUFQ_PRIOCSCAN
in GENERIC for better responsiveness under heavy disk I/O .
Added fatboot , a sub - 512 byte bootloader that can be written into the first sector of a FAT16 file system .
Added support for enhanced speedstep on Intel Atom CPUs .
Added a High Precision Event Timer driver .
Merged amd64 and i386 pmap .
Large pages are always used if available .
Added support for the Intel 82G965 chipset .
Added boot.cfg ( 5 ) to configure the bootloader .
The boot menu now allows disabling ACPI and / or SMP .
Added support for ACPI S3 ( suspend - to - RAM ) on MP systems .
Added mbr( 8 ) variants that directly access serial ports .
It is now possible on some systems to get to a ddb ( 4 ) session on a VGA console if the system crashed while X11 was running .
Added detection of errata for AMD Family 10h steppings A and 2 .
Added checks for erratum 261 on AMD Family 10h stepping 3 processors . boot ( 8 ) : Added support for the multiboot protocol .
This allows booting Xen without GRUB .
The kernel now recognizes CD - ROMs as booted devices .
Added an Intel On Demand Clock Modulation driver .
i386 : Removed support for 80386 level CPUs .
Added support for Microsoft Xbox .
Added cmos ( 4 ) , a driver for CMOS RAM .
Added support for VIA Esther .
i386 bootblocks are now able to boot amd64 kernels and support for a.out kernels has been removed .
Removed pccons .
Added support for sparse kernel core dumps .
Removed the MATH_EMULATE option .
Added the i386 - specific COMPAT_30 _PTHREAD
option , which restores binary compatibility with netbsd - 3 libpthread .
amd64 : Added support for PCI_BUS_FIXUP and PCI_ADDR_FIXUP kernel options .
acorn32 : Added support for Kinetic cards .
Fixed up boot32 to work on A7000 +.
algor : Fixed a delay ( 9 ) issue and now the P5064 kernel works in gxemul .
alpha : Make dynamic executables work under compat_osf 1 ( 8 ) again .
amiga : Added a wdc ( 4 ) frontend for the buddha and catweazle Z2 hardware .
arc : Added support for booting from UFS2 partitions .
Added sysinst ( 8 ) support .
arm : Added arm v6 kernel support .
Added arm 32 support for kernel crashdumps .
Added VFP support .
Added AT91 support .
Added FA526 support .
Added the missing kernel bits that kept eeprom ( 8 ) from actually changing firmware settings .
atari :
Fixed the sysinst miniroot image and retired the old miniroot .
Fixed a hang on loading md_root from floppy during installation .
Many pmap bugs were fixed and it was synced with amiga 's pmap .
Fixed a lost interrupt problem on Falcon wdc ( 4 ) .
Renamed the BOOT kernel to SMALL030 and removed BOOTX .
Added support for installation from GEMDOS partitions .
Fixed an ncr5380 SCSI freezing problem that occurred during boot .
bebox : Converted to generic powerpc PCI and ISA frameworks .
Added support for genf b ( 4 ) .
cobalt : Added sysinst ( 8 ) support .
Added support for booting from UFS2 partitions .
Added support for booting from Ext2fs partitions .
Added netboot support for 21041 on Qube 2700 .
Startup and shutdown messages , as well as a banner and kernel name are now printed on the LCD panel .
Added kernel and bootloader support for optional Z85C30 serial on Qube 2700 .
Fixed a botched spl( 9 ) bug which could cause a network freeze on traffic between two network interfaces .
evbarm : Added support for the Cortina Systems SL3516 evaluation board .
Added support for NPE Ethernet found on IXP425 boards .
Added a PXA2x0 RTC driver .
evbmips : Added support for Infineon ADM5120 .
evbppc : Added support for Xilinx Virtex II - Pro/4 - FX .
Converted PM / PPC to generic powerpc clock , PCI , and interrupt frameworks .
Fixed sysinst to refer to the proper WALNUT and OPENBLOCKS266 kernels .
hppa :
Added support for booting from CD - ROM images .
Fixed kernel profiling .
Kernels are now compiled with - O2 .
Added gdb ( 1 ) support .
Added bootinfo support .
Added support for NCR 53C720 .
hpcmips : Fixed a silent hangup problem on TX3922 machines .
ibmnws : Converted to generic powerpc clock , PCI , and interrupt frameworks .
landisk : Added sysinst ( 8 ) support .
Fixed MD bus_dmamap_load( 9 ) so that NFS write works with re (4 ) .
mac68k : Added support for more NuBus video cards , including VillageTronic MacPicasso 340 .
Added support for Creative Systems Inc Hurdler CPI NuBus parallel printer card .
Switched sn ( 4 ) to use the MI SONIC driver .
macppc : Switched to generic powerpc interrupt , clock , PCI , bus_dma( 9 ) , bus_space ( 9 ) , SMP , and IPI frameworks .
genfb ( 4 ) is now the default framebuffer .
Switched to the new ADB subsystem .
Added support for bus speed control found in some Intrepid - based laptops like the 800MHz iBook G4 .
Converted to shared ofw_autoconf .
Converted to shared powerpc major numbers .
Added an experimental Apple UniNorth AGP driver .
mvmeppc : Converted to generic powerpc clock / PCI / interrupt frameworks .
m68 k : Fixed a panic in FPE code caused by 040/060 specific FDADD instructions on 020/030 machines . gcc(1 ) : Fix jump table addressing in the M68 k codegen .
Fixed floating point handling regressions .
ofppc : Completely rewrote the ofppc port from scratch .
Added support for the bplan / Genesi Pegasos II .
Added support for the IBM 7044 -270 .
Added support for the IBM 7046 - B50 .
Added install support and booting from RAID .
Fixed ofwboot to work on an IBM CHRP - based RS / 6000 .
Added support for SMP .
pmppc : Removed pmppc as a port and moved it under evbppc .
powerpc : Added a generic interrupt handler framework .
Added generic shared timecounter - based clock routines .
Added shared PReP memory maps .
Added generic powerpc OpenFirmware code .
Added a generic powerpc IPI framework .
Added new generic powerpc SMP support framework .
Added tuned assembler from IBM for memcpy ( 3 ) , memmove ( 3 ) , and memcmp ( 3 ) .
Added booted_kernel and booted_device sysctl .
Added the missing kernel bits that kept eeprom ( 8 ) from actually changing firmware settings .
prep : Switched to generic powerpc PCI , ISA , interrupt , clock , IPI , and SMP frameworks .
Added support for the MTX604 RAVEN based machine .
Other RAVEN based machines are also likely to work now .
Added support for floppy controller / drive .
sandpoint : Switched to generic powerpc interrupt , clock , PCI , and ISA frameworks .
Added a DHCP / NFS bootloader .
Converted to shared powerpc major numbers .
sgimips : Added support for the SGI O2 PS / 2 controller macekbc ( 4 ) , onboard display adapter crmfb ( 4 ) , and audio driver mavb ( 4 ) .
Added support for Set Engineering 's GIO Fast Ethernet board : tl ( 4 ) .
Added support for the SGI Light / Entry / Starter LG1 / LG2 framebuffers found in Indigo systems : light ( 4 ) .
Added support for the sq( 4 ) interface on the Challenge S's IOPLUS mezzanine .
Added support for booting from UFS2 partitions .
Many bug fixes and improvements to the MAC - 110 Ethernet driver found in the O2 .
sh3 : Implemented fast path TLB miss handling .
Fixed compilation of native sh3 gcc on 64 - bit build machines .
Added support for single - stepping in ddb ( 4 ) .
shark : Added dhclient ( 8 ) to the install disk image .
The installation disk now uses wscons .
Removed pccons , which has been obsoleted by wscons ( 4 ) .
X works again on revision 4 machines .
sparc : Added support for booting from UFS2 partitions .
Added support for Sun PGX32 / TechSource Raptor GFX 8P to genf b ( 4 ) .
sparc64 : SMP now works .
Fixed boot device matching on U5 / U10 machines to properly distinguish cd0 from wd0 .
vax : Turned on generation of PIC code .
Added an accelerated driver for SPX graphics cards found in some VAXstations .
Fixed Unibus support on VAX11/780 and 8600 models .
xen : Added support for amd64 , both as dom0 and domU .
Added support for the i386 PAE extension to Xen3 domU .
Fixed PCI_BUS_FIXUP /PCI_ADDR_FIXUP
support .
zaurus :
Added the zaurus port , with support for Sharp C3x00 PDAs .
Allow Zaurus screen to rotate 90 degrees to a usable state with the keyboard .
Added support for detecting the AC adapter and charging the battery .
Added sysinst ( 8 ) support .
Userland 3rd party software updates : ACPICA 20080321 am-utils 6.2a3 BIND 9.5.0 - P2 file 4.26 GNU gcc 4.1.3-20080831 GNU gdb 6.5 on all ports IPFilter 4.1.29 ( n ) awk 20070501 NTP 4.2.4p6 nvi 1.81 openpam 20071221 OpenSSH 5.0p1 OpenSSL SNAP -20080509 PF from OpenBSD 4.2 Postfix 2.5.4 texinfo 4.8
Libraries : pthread ( 3 ) : Major overhaul , resulting in many performance and stability improvements .
Added POSIX real - time extensions .
Diagnostic assertions are now disabled by default .
Application errors will be reported only by error return from pthread APIs .
The assertions can be re-enabled by setting the PTHREAD_DIAGASSERT environment variable as desired .
Added a PTHREAD__COMPAT build flag which creates a libpthread that can be dropped into a NetBSD 2/3/ 4 chroot and used on a kernel without scheduler activations support .
Replaced the default malloc ( 3 ) with jemalloc , bringing a significant performance boost for many threaded workloads that make heavy use of malloc .
curses ( 3 ) : Merged wide curses work done by Ruibiao Qui as a Google Summer of Code project .
Added termattrs ( 3 ) and term_attrs ( 3 ) .
Added getwin( 3 ) and putwin( 3 ) . util ( 3 ) : Added estrndup ( 3 ) .
Added raise_default_signal ( 3 ) .
Added C99 complex support ( float / double ) to math ( 3 ) . proplib ( 3 ) : Implemented prop_dictionary_make_immutable (3 ) . Added prop_array_util ( 3 ) functions .
libc : Added dehumanize_number ( 3 ) .
Added posix_memalign ( 3 ) .
Replaced O( nm ) versions of strspn ( 3 ) , strcspn ( 3 ) , and strpbrk ( 3 ) with O ( n+m ) implementations .
Added getlogin_r ( 2 ) .
Added the C99 functions imaxabs ( 3 ) and imaxdiv( 3 ) .
Enabled atomic_ops ( 3 ) in userspace . queue ( 3 ) : Added TAILQ_CONCAT ( ) and STAILQ_CONCAT ( ) .
Added libgcov .
Imported bozohttpd , a small HTTP server .
See httpd ( 8 ) .
Imported dhcpcd 4.0.10 .
Imported openldap 2.4.11 .
Added rump ( 3 ) , the Runnable Userspace Meta Program framework .
Allows running kernel code in userspace applications .
Added cpuctl ( 8 ) , a utility that allows placing CPUs online / offline .
Added schedctl ( 8 ) , a program to control scheduling of processes and threads .
Added psrset ( 8 ) , a utility to control processor sets .
Added atf ( 7 ) , the Automated Testing Framework , Julio M. Merino Vidal 's 2007 Google Summer of Code project .
Added newgrp ( 1 ) , a utility to change effective group ID .
Added tcpdrop ( 8 ) , a utility to drop tcp ( 4 ) connections .
Added acpitools from FreeBSD : acpidump ( 8 ) and amldb ( 8 ) .
Added dkscan_bsdlabel ( 8 ) to scan disks for BSD disklabels .
Added btkey ( 1 ) , a utility to manage Bluetooth link keys in OS and device storage .
Added svhlabel ( 8 ) , a tool to update disklabel ( 5 ) from SGI Volume Header , like mbrlabel ( 8 ) for MBR labels .
Added pcc( 1 ) as an alternative compiler .
Added btpand ( 8 ) , a Bluetooth Personal Area Networking profile daemon .
Added c99 ( 1 ) as a wrapper to run cc( 1 ) in C99 mode .
Added support for Solaris $ ORIGIN etc. expansions in paths .
Added BUILDSEED support to build.sh to yield reproducible C++ builds .
Added support for “ cc - m32 ” on amd64 and sparc 64 to generate 32 bit binaries .
32 bit libraries are now provided on these two ports .
on amd64 and sparc64 to generate 32 bit binaries .
32 bit libraries are now provided on these two ports .
ld( 1 ) can now link 32 bit objects on amd64 .
vi(1 ) has been updated to nvi 1.81 , which supports internationalization .
It also grew a new NetBSD - specific expandtab option .
pkill ( 1 ) : Added the -l ( long format ) option .
find (1 ) : Added the - delete and - E ( extended regex ) options .
xargs ( 1 ) : Replaced with FreeBSD 's while keeping our GNU compatible exit values .
sdiff ( 1 ) : Replaced by OpenBSD 's sdiff ( 1 ) .
pax ( 1 ) : Added a - V flag for verbose summary without listing .
top ( 1 ) : Allow a single process to be selected by pid .
Added a thread mode that displays LWPs .
scsictl ( 8 ) : Added a setspeed command .
split(1 ) : Added a new option “ -n chunk_count ” that splits the input into chunk_count smaller files .
that splits the input into chunk_count smaller files .
df ( 1 ) : Fixed the - P option and added the -g ( gigabytes ) option .
wtf ( 6 ) now searches pkgsrc 's help database when called inside a package directory .
atactl ( 8 ) : Improved SATA support .
wlanctl ( 8 ) : Added a - p flag that only prints public nodes .
btconfig(8 ) : Added a new “ rssi ” option to toggle inquiry results with RSSI .
option to toggle inquiry results with RSSI. ifconfig ( 8 ) : Added “ list scan ” to ifconfig , which lists access points in the neighborhood .
to ifconfig , which lists access points in the neighborhood .
newsyslog.conf( 5 ) gained a “ J ” flag to bzip2 logfiles .
flag to bzip2 logfiles .
fdisk ( 8 ) now reports the first active partition .
bioctl ( 8 ) was rewritten to handle new features like creating and removing hot - spares , pass - through disks and RAID volumes , start / stop consistency checks in volumes .
savecore ( 8 ) now uses the raw device to read crashdumps .
make ( 1 ) : Implemented “ - dl ” ( aka LOUD ) to override “ @ ” at the start of script lines .
( aka LOUD ) to override at the start of script lines . monop ( 6 ) :
The save and restore format changed , breaking compatibility with already broken previous save files .
iconv ( 1 ) now allows SUS v3 syntax .
lint ( 1 ) : Added _Complex support .
ftp ( 1 ) : Added epsv6 and epsv to disable extended passive mode .
getent ( 1 ) : Added support for “ netgroup ” databases .
databases . ypserv( 8 ) : Disabled libwrap address to hostname lookups to avoid the chance of ypserv blocking for an extended period of time due to a long DNS timeout .
postfix ( 1 ) : Enabled LDAP support for tables .
amd ( 8 ) : Enabled LDAP support for maps .
newfs ( 8 ) : Added support for the “ t ” ( terabytes ) suffix .
( terabytes ) suffix . grep ( 1 ) : A warning is now printed if “ - r ” is used without specifying an argument .
is used without specifying an argument . db ( 1 ) : Added support for encoding or decoding VIS_HTTPSTYLE , and for tuning the page size of the database .
daily.conf( 5 ) : Added run_fsck_flags to allow passing extra options to the daily fsck -n .
sysinst ( 8 ) now supports the Colemak and Dvorak keyboard layouts .
od (1 ) Added support for the “ - A addressformat ” flag .
flag. etcupdate ( 8 ) : Removed the “ - b binarydir ” and “ -s srcdir /etc ” options which were deprecated in NetBSD - 4.0 .
Deprecate the “ -s tgz 1:tgz2 ” option ; please use “ -s tgz1 -s tgz2 ” instead .
and options which were deprecated in NetBSD - 4.0 .
Deprecate the option ; please use instead . postinstall ( 8 ) : Deprecated the “ -s tgz 1:tgz2 ” option ; please use “ -s tgz1 -s tgz2 ” instead .
option ; please use instead . sed ( 1 ) : Added the -r flag , which is an alias for - E , to be compatible with GNU sed .
patch ( 1 ) : Merged improved version from DragonFly .
patch -b now behaves as specified by POSIX .
rc.conf ( 5 ) : ifconfig_xxN variables may now have multi-line values , just like /etc/ifconfig.xxN files , and semicolons may be used instead of line breaks .
ls ( 1 ) : -n now implies -l .
ps (1 ) : Added the - A option , to display information about all processes .
Use “ O ” for LSONPROC like Solaris instead of bundling LSIDL , LSRUN , and LSONPROC to “ R ” .
for LSONPROC like Solaris instead of bundling LSIDL , LSRUN , and LSONPROC to . ksh ( 1 ) : Fixed POSIX mode interpretation of backslashes inside backquotes inside double quotes .
makefs ( 8 ) : Made the allow - multidot option for cd9660 useful .
restore ( 8 ) now works on Linux dump volumes , by ignoring extended attribute records on these volumes .
Added an rc.d( 8 ) script for rndctl ( 8 ) .
MAKEDEV ( 8 ) now creates / dev rather than init ( 8 ) .
MAKEDEV ( 8 ) now uses mtree ( 8 ) in preference to pax ( 1 ) and mknod ( 8 ) , making node creation more efficient , and mount_tmpfs ( 8 ) in preference to mount_mfs ( 8 ) when creating a memory file system .
MAKEDEV.local ( 8 ) can now use functions defined in MAKEDEV ( 8 ) .
Besides this list , there have also been innumerable bug fixes and miscellaneous enhancements .
Components removed from NetBSD
In this release of NetBSD , the following software components have been removed from the system .
Some were not useful anymore , or their utility did not justify the maintenance overhead .
Others were not working properly and there was a lack of interest in fixing them .
The pc532 port .
Support for systrace .
HP - UX binary compatibility .
The esl driver .
Support for NQNFS .
The TPCONS option in netiso .
Known Problems
Using block device nodes directly for I/O may cause a kernel crash when the file system containing / dev is FFS and is mounted with -o log .
Workaround : use raw disk devices , or remount the file system without -o log .
Occasionally , gdb may cause a process that is being debugged to hang when " single stepped " .
Workaround : kill and restart the affected process .
gdb cannot debug running threaded programs correctly .
Workaround : generate a core file from the program using gcore ( 1 ) and pass the core to gdb , instead of debugging the running program .
Statically linked binaries using pthreads are currently broken .
Certain early revision AMD Opteron and Athlon 64 processors contain a bug that may cause system instability when running with more than one CPU core active .
An OS - level workaround for this issue has been prepared but was not ready in time for inclusion in NetBSD 5.0 .
It will be available as part of a later release in the 5.0 series .
System families supported by NetBSD 5.0
The NetBSD 5.0 release provides supported binary distributions for the following systems : NetBSD / acorn26 Acorn Archimedes , A-series and R- series systems NetBSD / acorn32 Acorn RiscPC / A7000 , VLSI RC7500 NetBSD / algor Algorithmics , Ltd. MIPS evaluation boards NetBSD / alpha Digital / Compaq Alpha ( 64 - bit ) NetBSD / amd64 AMD family processors like Opteron , Athlon64 , and Intel CPUs with EM64T extension NetBSD / amiga Commodore Amiga and MacroSystem DraCo NetBSD / arc MIPS - based machines following the Advanced RISC Computing spec NetBSD / atari Atari TT030 , Falcon , Hades NetBSD / bebox Be Inc's BeBox NetBSD / cats Chalice Technology 's CATS and Intel 's EBSA - 285 evaluation boards NetBSD / cesfic CES FIC8234 VME processor board NetBSD / cobalt Cobalt Networks ' MIPS - based Microservers NetBSD / dreamcast Sega Dreamcast game console NetBSD / evbarm Various ARM - based evaluation boards and appliances NetBSD / evbmips Various MIPS - based evaluation boards and appliances NetBSD / evbppc Various PowerPC - based evaluation boards and appliances NetBSD/evbsh3 Various Hitachi Super -H SH3 and SH4 - based evaluation boards and appliances NetBSD/ ews4800 mips NEC's MIPS - based EWS4800 workstation NetBSD / hp300 Hewlett - Packard 9000/300 and 400 series NetBSD / hppa Hewlett - Packard 9000 Series 700 workstations NetBSD / hpcarm StrongARM based Windows CE PDA machines NetBSD / hpcmips MIPS - based Windows CE PDA machines NetBSD / hpcsh Hitachi Super - H based Windows CE PDA machines NetBSD /i386 IBM PCs and PC clones with i486 - family processors and up NetBSD / ibmnws IBM Network Station 1000 NetBSD / iyonix Castle Technology 's Iyonix ARM based PCs NetBSD / landisk SH4 processor based NAS appliances NetBSD / luna68k OMRON Tateisi Electric 's LUNA series NetBSD / mac68 k Apple Macintosh with Motorola 68 k CPU NetBSD / macppc Apple PowerPC - based Macintosh and clones NetBSD / mipsco MIPS Computer Systems Inc. family of workstations and servers NetBSD / mmeye Brains mmEye multimedia server NetBSD / mvme68 k Motorola MVME 68 k Single Board Computers NetBSD / mvmeppc Motorola PowerPC VME Single Board Computers NetBSD / netwinder StrongARM based NetWinder machines NetBSD / news68k Sony 's 68k - based “ NET WORK STATION ” series NetBSD / newsmips Sony's MIPS - based “ NET WORK STATION ” series NetBSD / next68k NeXT 68 k “ black ” hardware NetBSD / ofppc OpenFirmware PowerPC machines NetBSD / pmax Digital MIPS - based DECstations and DECsystems NetBSD / prep PReP ( PowerPC Reference Platform ) and CHRP machines NetBSD / sandpoint Motorola Sandpoint reference platform NetBSD / sbmips Broadcom SiByte evaluation boards NetBSD / sgimips Silicon Graphics ' MIPS - based workstations NetBSD / shark Digital DNARD ( “ shark ” ) NetBSD / sparc Sun SPARC ( 32 - bit ) and UltraSPARC ( in 32 - bit mode ) NetBSD / sparc64 Sun UltraSPARC
( in native 64 - bit mode ) NetBSD / sun2 Sun Microsystems
Sun 2 machines with Motorola 68010 CPU NetBSD / sun3 Motorola 68020 and 030 based Sun 3 and 3 x machines NetBSD / vax Digital VAX NetBSD /x68 k Sharp X680x0 series NetBSD / xen
The Xen virtual machine monitor NetBSD / zaurus Sharp ARM PDAs Ports available in source form only for this release include the following : NetBSD / amigappc PowerPC - based Amiga boards NetBSD / ia64
Itanium family of processors NetBSD / playstation2 SONY PlayStation2 NetBSD/rs6000 IBM RS /6000 MCA - based PowerPC machines .
Acknowledgments
The NetBSD Foundation would like to thank all those who have contributed code , hardware , documentation , funds , colocation for our servers , web pages and other documentation , release engineering , and other resources over the years .
More information on the people who make NetBSD happen is available at : http://www.NetBSD.org/people/
We would like to especially thank the University of California at Berkeley and the GNU Project for particularly large subsets of code that we use .
We would also like to thank the Internet Systems Consortium Inc. , the Network Security Lab at Columbia University 's Computer Science Department , and Ludd ( Luleå Academic Computer Society ) computer society at Luleå University of Technology for current colocation services .
About NetBSD NetBSD is a free , fast , secure , and highly portable Unix - like Open Source operating system .
It is available for a wide range of platforms , from large - scale servers and powerful desktop systems to handheld and embedded devices .
Its clean design and advanced features make it excellent for use in both production and research environments , and the source code is freely available under a business - friendly license .
NetBSD is developed and supported by a large and vivid international community .
Many applications are readily available through pkgsrc , the NetBSD Packages Collection .
About the NetBSD Foundation
The NetBSD Foundation was chartered in 1995 , with the task of overseeing core NetBSD project services , promoting the project within industry and the open source community , and holding intellectual property rights on much of the NetBSD code base .
Day - to - day operations of the project are handled by volunteers .
As a non-profit organization with no commercial backing , The NetBSD Foundation depends on donations from its users , and we would like to ask you to consider making a donation to the NetBSD Foundation in support of continuing production of our fine operating system .
Your generous donation would be particularly welcome assistance with ongoing upgrades and maintenance , as well as with operating expenses for The NetBSD Foundation .
Donations can be done via PayPal to < paypal@NetBSD.org > and are fully tax - deductible in the US .
If you would prefer not to use PayPal , or would like to make other arrangements , please contact < finance-exec@NetBSD.org > .
Back to NetBSD 5.x formal releases
It ’s amazing how times change .
When Sara and I started the Wooster Collective eight years ago , it felt to us at the time that the ONLY lens the media was providing as a way into understanding street art and graffiti was vandalism .
As a gatekeeper , mass media ’s control of what was being said about graffiti and street art made it impossible for most people to appreciate the positive role that it can play in our lives .
The media had shut out , and refused to amplify , any diversity of thought .
And because of this , graffiti has never been recognized by mainstream society as an “ important ” art movement .
Even though it ’s in every city in the world .
We want this to change .
The great thing about the Internet , as we all know , is that no media company or city government controls it .
Any of us , including two people who happen to live on Wooster Street , can become a media entity .
All they need is a point - of - view .
By simply celebrating unauthorized acts of public art when it seemed nobody else was - and then having people spread the positive message it sends - Wooster , by happenstance , has in essence become a media entity .
As the popularity of the Wooster website started to grow , and we began meeting other people who felt the same way as we did , it quickly became clear to us that MANY people understood that graffiti and street art was not about just about vandalism .
But rather , that it raises important issues about the need to reclaim our public space ; the need for us to affirm our existence on this planet by writing on walls ; the need and importance of spontaneous acts of creativity to make our cities more “ livable ” .
And so , so much more .
So last month when we received an invitation to attend a briefing at The White House ( yes , that one ) , we were at first a bit shocked , definitely skeptical , and finally , after giving it a lot of thought - absolutely delighted .
To be included in the conversation at the level of The White House , we felt , was a huge testament that our voice ( meaning our collective voice ) was being heard .
Yesterday , along with about sixty amazing organizations who are committed to grassroots arts initiatives , we met with various officials in the Obama Administration , to listen and learn what the administration was thinking in regards to the Arts , to ask questions , and then to participate in working sessions on issues that we felt passionate about .
( Ours was the need to better understand the issues around public and private space )
We know that a lot of people will hate us for going to The White House .
But for us , the goal of attending the meetings yesterday was not to attempt to “ partner ” with government on anything .
Or to ask for their acceptance .
The power of street art is that you do n’t ask for , nor need , permission .
At best , it ’s about tolerance and understanding .
For us , we felt the issues related to the disappearance of common access to our public space and the need for a deeper understanding of what is and what is not “ art ” should not be limited to those who read blogs – especially ours .
Talking solely to “ the converted ” will get you only so far .
We learned a while back that when you have a chance to sit at the table you take it .
Even if those around the table are not people you fully trust .
So all of this is to say that we felt that by going to meet with officials in the new Obama Administration we were representing not us , but all of you .
It was n’t about stroking our ego or having a photo - op with the President ( which did n’t happen ) .
It was about letting people who make decisions at the highest level know that the definition of what “ art ” is needs to change in our society .
If art is “ over there ” and health and science and transportation is “ over here ” - then art will always be something that is perceived as elitist , misunderstood , undervalued , etc .
It will always be something that is only found in museums and in galleries , not put on our streets and on our walls with the artist taking the risk of getting arrested .
Again - our definitions need to change .
An we think Obama can do that .
At the very least he can start to move the needle forward .
The amazing thing we found out yesterday is that there are people working directly for Obama who get it .
We know this not from what they said , but from the diversity of their backgrounds .
Yes , there are indeed graffiti artists working in The White House !
On Monday , when we told a friend that we were heading down to Washington to participate in these meetings , he said - “ That what I voted for ! ”
We felt the same way .
And that ’s why we went to the White House .
Many of us think of mushroom season as being in the Fall .
While the majority of our dinnertime favourites fruit in Autumn , mushrooms of one kind or another can be found all year round , if you look closely !
In this post , we ’ll be looking at some common mushrooms that fruit in the Spring and early Summer here in the Pacific Northwest .
1. Morel ( Morchella spp. )
Many would consider morels the primary goal of Spring mushroom hunting .
Morels are prized for their culinary excellence , and of course , their elusiveness .
Mushrooms with long - term myccorhizae ( plant – fungi relationships ) can fruit year after year in the same place , and often associate with a certain species of tree , or thrive in certain biomes , which makes them a bit easier to track down .
Morels on the other hand , do n’t stick around more than 1 or 2 years in the same place , so even once you find some , you are not likely to find them again .
They can be found April through July , typically arising in disturbed areas such as garden beds , and most famously , past wildfire sites .
Caution : Always cook morels thoroughly .
Raw morels contain a toxin that can cause gastro - intestinal distress .
In addition , many people find consuming alcohol and morels in the same meal also creates GI distress .
I frequently enjoy wine with my morel pasta so I know it does n’t affect everyone .
As with all wild mushrooms , proceed with caution , and do n’t try a new species the day before going on a hot date or important event !
2. Spring Oyster Mushrooms ( Pleurotus ostreatus ) are another Spring favourite .
Similar to the cultivated oyster mushroom , but in my opinion , incomparably better .
There is a similar species called “ Angel Wings ” ( Pleurotus porrigens ) that was up until recently widely considered edible and choice .
However , several deaths were linked to it in 2004 , causing reconsideration .
I have friends who eat them anyways and love them .
If you are worried about telling them apart , the biggest clue is : Angel Wings fruit in the Fall , and Spring Oysters fruit in the Spring .
There is a species of oyster mushroom that fruits in the fall , but it looks significantly different , having greyish / brown / green colouration .
My favourite way to enjoy these is to marinate in garlic , parsley , olive oil , lemon , salt & pepper before gently sauteeing , baking , or grilling and adding to pasta , risotto , or on a burger .
3. Chicken of the Woods ( In our area there are two species , both edible , Laetiporus conifericola & L. gilbertsonii ) , is one of the most visually striking Spring mushrooms .
When young , they really do have the texture of chicken !
When old , they have the texture of chalk .
They can be found growing on conifers ( L. conifericola ) , and hardwood trees ( L. gilbertsonii ) living or dead .
Harvest younger specimens ( leave the babies ! ) and the outer 2 ″ of mature specimens , taking the most tender part and leaving the rest to continue releasing spores .
Cook well , ( I recommend adding them to a risotto ) , and use caution – some cases of intestinal distress / allergies / bad results have been reported when consumed with alcohol
4. Shaggy Mane ( Coprinus comatus ) .
These are wonderful for beginners because they are easy to identify and are often seen in Vancouver ’s parks , boulevards , university campuses , and other grassy urban areas .
I would n’t recommend harvesting from urban areas due to the potential of contamination , but for identification practice only .
Due to their delicate texture , they are n’t suitable in many recipes you would use button mushrooms , such as omelettes .
They require intention and creativity .
Harvest young , firm specimens that have not become “ inky ” .
Ensure you identify a patch in all stages to confirm ID .
There are mushrooms in this genus with unknown / questionable edibility , namely C. lagopus and C. atramentaria .
This chef is amazing , although I have n’t tried this recipe specifically : https://foragerchef.com/parmesan-crusted-shaggy-manes/
5. Spring King Bolete aka Porcini ( Boletus rex-veris ) .
Porcinis are a staple in Italian cuisine .
The Spring King was thought to be an early - fruiting variant of Boletus edulis ( King Bolete ) until 2008 , when it achieved its own unique status .
E. rex-veris are usually found at high elevations ( above 4,000 feet , or a few hundred feet below the snowline ) in May and June , dovetailing nicely into King Bolete season , which occurs in late summer and early autumn .
According to UBC ’s Zoology department : “ All Boletus species with a brown cap and a light stem with a network on it ( sometimes subtle ) , and no colour changes to red or blue when cut or with age are considered good edibles ( from https://www.zoology.ubc.ca/~biodiv/mushroom/B_rex-veris.html).”
Network meaning , a fishnet pattern on the stem ( note – mushroom stems are technically called a stipe , if we ’re being proper ) .
I must confess , I have never found a Spring King Bolete myself , the ones I ’ve found have been only in late summer .
Despite my lack of personal experience with this one , I think it is a good one to know about when planning a Spring forage .
Thanks for reading !
This article is not intended to be an identification guide .
Much of the information in this post has been gathered by myself over years of conferring with various books , websites , and resources , and my own personal experience and that of trusted friends .
Unless specifically cited , please consider this post to be informed with experiential and “ common ” knowledge that I hope you will find interesting and inspire you to do your own research .
When consuming any wild mushroom for the first time , be 100 % certain of the ID , cook well , try a very small amount , do not consume with alcohol , and save one specimen in case you need to go to the emergency room so poison control can identify what you ate ( I ’m serious ) .
You into frame rates ?
No , we mean are you frickin ' bonkers over watching your rig hit triple digits in a Crysis timedemo ?
If you 're still nodding " yes , " have a gander at what 'll absolutely have to be your next buy .
The ASUS Mars 295 Limited Edition is quite the unique beast , rocking a pair of GTX 285 chips that are viewed by Windows as a GeForce GTX 295 .
All told , you 're looking at 240 shader processors , a 512 - bit GDDR3 memory interface , 32 total memory chips and 4GB of RAM .
Amazingly , the card is totally compatible with existing drivers and is Quad - SLI capable , and if all goes to plan , it 'll actually peek its head out at Computex next week .
Rest assured , we 'll do everything we can to touch it .
Read more on GM at Automakers will sell just 10 million new cars and trucks in the U.S. this year , the worst in at least three decades , respected forecaster J.D. Power and Associates said Thursday as it cut its 2009 prediction by 400,000 vehicles .
For the staggering auto industry , " Recovery will not be a quick proposition , " said Gary Dilts , senior vice president of Power 's automotive operations .
Chrysler 's already in Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization .
General Motors ( GM ) faces a June 1 government deadline to finish overhauling its operations or head for Chapter 11 , too .
GM RESTRUCTURING : Automaker , UAW reach deal with U.S. GMAC HELP : Treasury offers $ 7.5 billion in new aid Even normally healthy automakers such as Toyota ( TM ) and Nissan ( NSANY ) are losing money .
The industry and its analysts had been hoping for signs of a rebound , but now do n't foresee any this month .
Power forecast an annualized sales rate for May of just 9.3 million .
JPMorgan auto analyst Himanshu Patel predicted earlier in the week the May selling pace would be just 9.1 million .
Worst rate this year : February 's 9.12 million .
Before the auto collapse last year , car companies routinely sold more than 16 million new cars and trucks annually in the U.S.
But there were potential bright spots : • The U.S .
Treasury said Thursday it will invest $ 7.5 billion of taxpayer money in lender GMAC .
That should give it more cash to lend buyers of both GM and Chrysler vehicles .
Automakers say they 're losing about 25 % of their sales because would - be buyers can't get loans .
The government will have a 35.4 % stake in GMAC .
GM will end up with 10 % or less and private equity firm Cerberus Capital Management with 15 % or less .
Other investors own the rest .
Treasury gets two directors on the nine - member board .
•GM reached a tentative agreement with the United Auto Workers , a key requirement to satisfy the government and stay out of Chapter 11 .
Apparently resolved is whether GM can import small cars from China , rather than build them in the U.S. , though details were n't available late Thursday .
GM stock bounced up 32 % , to $ 1.92 Thursday , on a day the major stock indexes were down .
• A so - called cash - for - clunkers bill was introduced in the Senate on Thursday , similar to one in the House .
Intended to spur sales , reduce pollution and cut fuel consumption , the legislation would give discounts of up to $ 4,500 to people who trade in older cars or trucks rated 18 miles per gallon or less for more efficient new ones .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Jimenez and Riley , both of Bridgeport , were playing beer pong at a small gathering at a mutual friend 's house on Second Street near Mill when witnesses saw them arguing over the game , police said .
Several witnesses even told investigators that they believed that the men were play - wrestling or horsing around .
I live in Canada .
We do n't have guns .
But , we do have health care .
Okay , so there are a few other things we do n't have — one of them being hulu .
Yeah , there 's always watchtvsitcoms.com .
But , it 's slow , full of annoying flash ads , and the quality of the shows is spotty .
A while back , I tried to beat hulu 's geofencing ( fuck geofencing ) by creating an SSH tunnel .
That was a miserable failure .
Then , recently , I saw somebody tweet about using OpenVPN .
So , I gave it a shot , and it worked !
How To Do this Yourself
Now , I could tell you to go and read the official tutorial on setting up OpenVPN .
But , I 've got something better .
I put together a chef [ 1 ] recipe for installing OpenVPN on a virtual machine .
The whole process is automated .
So , you do n't really need to know anything about OpenVPN to get up and running .
Here 's the guide :
Get a linode ( or equivalent virtual machine , located in the US ) .
Setup your vm with Ubuntu .
Install ruby & rubygems on the vm : sudo apt - get install ruby rubygems
On your local machine , clone the cookbook repository : git clone git : / / github .
com / giraffesoft / openvpn - recipes.git
Or , if you do n't have git installed , grab a tarball from github .
Then , unarchive it : tar zxvf giraffesoft - openvpn - recipes - xyz. tar .gz
You 'll also need capistrano ( on your local machine ) .
sudo gem install capistrano
Now , cd in to the dir you cloned or extracted .
Then , edit config / deploy.rb to match your settings .
You 'll want to set : host to your server 's domain name or ip address .
You 'll also want to set user to the name of the user you 're going to get ssh'd in as .
Finally , set the country , province , city , etc variables .
Those are for generating the signing authority .
You 'll want to setup an ssh keypair on your server , too , to make this easier .
Now that everything is all configured , run chef , by typing this command at the root of the openvpn recipes project : cap run_chef OpenVPN is now installed and configured !
Now , create a client package by typing : cap generate_client_package
There should now be a file at build / client.tar.gz .
Unarchive this file to wherever you want to keep your OpenVPN configuration .
Then , start OpenVPN on your local machine .
That 's it !
Note : if you 're using a mac , you 'll want to use Tunnelblick to manage your vpn connection .
Just unarchive the client package to ~/ Library / openvpn and Tunnelblick will take care of the rest .
You should now have a working VPN .
Enjoy hulu !
Also , if you 're interested , checkout the code at github .
[ 1 ] Incidentally , if you do absolutely any work with servers or systems configuration and you have n't had a look at chef yet , you 're doing yourself a disservice .
Chef allows you to keep all of your servers ' configuration in a git ( or other scm ) repository , edit it locally and deploy it out to your server ( or cluster thereof ) .
It also does a lot of other awesome stuff .
Check it out !
Hi , this is the second part of a series of posts on 30 tips to becoming a better developer .
If you would like to keep up to date with the topics that I am covering , just check the main post .
Today I will talk about a technique that made my code to improve in a fantastic way , probably more than anything else that I had tried before : writing shorter methods .
The technique is so simple and so useful that I do n’t understand why everyone is n’t REQUIRED to do this .
Why Short Methods ?
The main idea behind using short methods is that you keep yourself from doing too much in any one location .
If you ever tried to write more than a few lines of code in any method you most certainly were mixing levels of abstraction , which ultimately leads to methods that are difficult to understand and to maintain .
For example , consider a method that updates information about employee salaries .
If the same method is writting information to the database , it is trying to do two things at once .
So , if you change the code to update salaries you will need to change the method .
The same happens if the database changes .
That is , if you add different responsabilities to a method you make it more unstable , just because there are more reasons for it to change .
On the other hand , when you have methods that are really short , you are required to go straight to the central issue that you are trying to solve .
No space for secondary concerns exist .
It all boils down to the issue of using the right abstraction level .
With long methods , abstractions are not well maintained because you may spend too much space with instructions that are a level bellow from where you are working .
What is Wrong with Long Methods ?
Long methods are bad in a lot of ways .
It would require a lot of space to write all that I do n’t like about long methods , but here are some of the most important issues :
Long methods are difficult to understand .
With size comes complexity , and if you are maintaining code where methods are huge , you need to be very careful about side effects .
Remember , all local variables are in practice global inside the scope of a method .
If you have lots of things going on , it is difficult to see what the collateral damages might be .
.
With size comes complexity , and if you are maintaining code where methods are huge , you need to be very careful about side effects .
Remember , all local variables are in practice global inside the scope of a method .
If you have lots of things going on , it is difficult to see what the collateral damages might be .
Long methods are hard to optimize .
Even after you make you long method correct , it is difficult to make the changes necessary to optimize it .
For example , if you decide that a certain variable is used in a wrong way , you still need to spend time proving that everything works after a change .
A simple change like this may create bugs that you will take a long time to notice .
.
Even after you make you long method correct , it is difficult to make the changes necessary to optimize it .
For example , if you decide that a certain variable is used in a wrong way , you still need to spend time proving that everything works after a change .
A simple change like this may create bugs that you will take a long time to notice .
Long methods obscure the intention of the code .
Since in a long method you are certainly going into more detail than necessary , you are creating code in two or more levels of abstraction .
This also contributes to make the code difficult to understand .
.
Since in a long method you are certainly going into more detail than necessary , you are creating code in two or more levels of abstraction .
This also contributes to make the code difficult to understand .
Long methods can slow down your code .
This is true if you are using a manged language such as Java or C# .
These languages use JIT engines that transform methods into executable code .
However , a long method takes longer to convert into native code than a short one .
Also , long methods will have parts that may not be used frequently , so there is no justification for compiling it , other than the fact that it is part of the long method .
How short is short enough ?
This is a subjective issue of course , and as such there is no clear answer .
However , I like the guideline that 10 lines is already too much .
This is a guideline used by Robert Marting in his books .
I think it is a very reasonable rule of thumb , but for me it is more of an upper limit .
Methods with 3 to 6 or 7 lines are even more interesting , because they condense the main ideas of the abstraction you are trying to convey .
Additional Advantages
Short methods also make some other things easier , like creating good method names .
Since the method is allowed to do only a small number of actions , it is easier to figure out what it is doing — and thus given it a proper name .
Another area that is positively affected by short methods is testing .
It becomes much easier to see the cases that should be tested when there is just a small number of operations involved .
Instead of trying to cast a big net over a sea of options , testing small method tends to be a much more focused experience .
Conclusion
I think that this item covers a practice that , by itself , has the potential of making your code much better .
Writing small methods helps with separating the different concerns of your application .
It gives a simple guideline that helps on making decisions about how code should be organized .
It also helps in eliminating many of the problems in the areas of testing , revising , and maintaining existing code .
Additional Reading
The first book that really showed me the importance of small methods was Clean Code , by Robert Martin .
It covers a lot of ground in matters of code organization , which I believe are essential .
Another book that explains why long methods are bad is Effective C# , which will convince you that such methods can slow down managed code in languages like C# .
Go to the next post of the series :
Similar Posts :
MUSIC NEWS -
As they ’re about to start off on a two - week tour of GEORGE THOROGOOD & THE DESTROYERS have announced plans for summer US dates with and itinerary ( below the break ) running June 4 thru August 22 .
Sixteen of the dates ; including July 26 at L.A. 's Greek Theatre , have special guest Jonny Lang on the bill ! -
As they ’re about to start off on a two - week tour of Europe & the UK , blues / rockershave announced plans for summer US dates with and itinerary ( below the break ) running June 4 thru August 22. including July 26 at L.A. 's Greek Theatre , have special gueston the bill
In Thorogood album news , the iconic performer was questioned by Billboard magazine about the sound of the new music he ’s currently recording and said to the pub ’s Gary Graff , “ Come on man .
You know me better than that !
I have a lot of stuff in the can .
I just have to decide which ones are going to go on it . ”
The album is expected to be released later this year , or early 2010 with new original songs and obscure covers of artists like John Hammond and Elvin Bishop .
Lonesome George said ; “ I think it will be a very groovy package and give us some life support for a couple of years and let us put some new tunes in the show . ”
We are America !
We do not fucking torture !
April 22 , 2009 by twitterpaters
by twit
With thanks to the Daily What , and by way of FOX News :
it ’s about thirty seconds in …
and it is helpful to remember in the context of the kool - aid that the Politico has been sucking down lately :
That leaves a top Obama administration official appearing to validate claims by former Vice President Dick Cheney that waterboarding and other techniques the White House regards as torture were effective in preventing terrorist attacks .
And the press release created the impression the administration was trying to suppress this conclusion .
It ’s not that the Obama Administration is trying to suppress something that damages the case against torture .
Whether torture ever yielded valuable intelligence is not the point .
Of course it did , it ’s torture .
But like Shep Smith says , “ We are America !
We do not fucking torture ! ”
Besides , according to the New York Times today :
A little research on the origin of those methods would have given reason for doubt .
Government studies in the 1950s found that Chinese Communist interrogators had produced false confessions from captured American pilots not with some kind of sinister “ brainwashing ” but with crude tactics : shackling the Americans to force them to stand for hours , keeping them in cold cells , disrupting their sleep and limiting access to food and hygiene .
“ The Communists do not look upon these assaults as ‘ torture , ’ ” one 1956 study concluded .
“ But all of them produce great discomfort , and lead to serious disturbances of many bodily processes ; there is no reason to differentiate them from any other form of torture . ”
Worse , the study found that under such abusive treatment , a prisoner became “ malleable and suggestible , and in some instances he may confabulate . ”
Besides , according to the Washington Post on April 21 , 2009 , they were warned :
The findings are contained in a Senate Armed Services Committee report scheduled for release today that also documents multiple warnings — from legal and trained interrogation experts — that the techniques could backfire and might violate U.S. and international law .
and according to the New York Times on April 22 , 2009 , the Bush Administration was warned so much it pissed off then - Attorney General John Ashcroft :
Mr. Tenet ’s descriptions of each proposed interrogation method was so clinical and specific that at one briefing Mr. Ashcroft objected , saying that cabinet officials should approve broad outlines of important policies , not the fine details , according to someone present .
The attorney general later complained that he thought Mr. Tenet was looking for cover in case controversy erupted , the person said .
According to McClatchy on Aprill 22 , 2009 , the fun has just begun …
WASHINGTON — A newly declassified narrative of the Bush administration ’s advice to the CIA on harsh interrogations shows that the small group of Justice Department lawyers who wrote memos authorizing harsh interrogation techniques were operating not on their own but with direction from top administration officials , including then - Vice President Dick Cheney and National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice .
update : de ja vu all over again , via McClatchy on July 24 , 2009 :
In a hearing last week , U.S. District Judge Ellen Segal Huvelle ruled that Mohammed Jawad ’s confession to Afghan officials was inadmissible because it had been extracted through torture .
and from the AP on July 26 , 2009 :
When the American - born al - Qaida recruit Bryant Neal Vinas was captured in Pakistan late last year , he was n’t whisked off to a military prison or a secret CIA facility in another country to be interrogated .
Instead , the itinerant terrorist landed in the hands of the FBI and was flown back to New York to face justice .
Months before President Barack Obama took office with a pledge to change U.S. counterterrorism policies , the Bush administration gave Vinas all the rights of American criminal suspects .
And he talked .
While an American citizen captured in Pakistan certainly presents a unique case , the circumstances of Vinas ’ treatment may point to a new emphasis in the fight against terror , one that relies more on FBI crimefighters and the civilian justice system than on CIA interrogators and military detention .
“ This was by the numbers .
It was a law enforcement operation and it worked , ” said a senior law enforcement official , one of several authorities who spoke on condition of anonymity because they are not authorized to publicly discuss the case .
The official said Vinas provided “ an intelligence gold mine ” to U.S. officials , including possible information about a suspected militant who was killed in a Predator drone strike last November .
Related :
The high - level White House
The Bush Administration works hard to set the terrorists free
the united states of canada
Search Terms : Highlight Matches
Guy in apartment next to me plays " The Price is Right " theme song on his trumpet at least 10 x a day .
That 's Aspergers , right ?
AsperGirl
User ID : 637830
United States
04/01/2009 07:50 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Guy in apartment next to me plays " The Price is Right " theme song on his trumpet at least 10 x a day .
That 's Aspergers , right ?
Nope .
This stuff is too low I.Q. for Asperger Syndrome .
The joke itself is too low I.Q. to be a really good Asperger joke , for anyone who knows .
It 's kind of like some ignorant joke about black people eating chicken in the White House , without there being any other insight .
Not a shred of wit in it .
I 'm sure most guys here can do better than that .
If you come up with some good ones , I 'll collect them .
AsperGirl
User ID : 637830
United States
04/01/2009 08:00 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Guy in apartment next to me plays " The Price is Right " theme song on his trumpet at least 10 x a day .
That 's Aspergers , right ?
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 612247
That 's hilarious .
Where can I get that " chocolate rain " track ?
I suppose OP is the tourette 's guy wigging out next door .
That 's hilarious .
Where can I get that " chocolate rain " track ?
I suppose OP is the tourette 's guy wigging out next door .
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 553712
United States
04/01/2009 09:12 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Guy in apartment next to me plays " The Price is Right " theme song on his trumpet at least 10 x a day .
That 's Aspergers , right ?
I 'm a trumpet player and we are generally friendly people .
We also are aware of the volume issue .
( Real trumpet players use practice rooms or portable enclosures or micked mutes w/ headphones . )
Seriously , knock on his door and tell him that hearing that one song over and over is driving you crazy , and could he please learn some other TV show themes ...?
There are a million of em .
AsperGirl
User ID : 637830
United States
04/01/2009 09:38 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Guy in apartment next to me plays " The Price is Right " theme song on his trumpet at least 10 x a day .
That 's Aspergers , right ?
There 's a guy in my apartment building who 's making some of us nervous .
How can I get rid of him ?
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 559
United States
04/01/2009 10:54 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Guy in apartment next to me plays " The Price is Right " theme song on his trumpet at least 10 x a day .
That 's Aspergers , right ?
OP .... Get a trumpet or better yet buy a music cd and play " TAPS " .
Another thought play " Revely " very loudly !
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 581976
United States
08/25/2009 01:12 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Guy in apartment next to me plays " The Price is Right " theme song on his trumpet at least 10 x a day .
That 's Aspergers , right ?
" 00 " buck will go through most doors , just say'n .
Quoting : BRIEF AND TO THE POINT
the noise in jail will be much worse the noise in jail will be much worse
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 636260
United States
08/25/2009 01:36 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Guy in apartment next to me plays " The Price is Right " theme song on his trumpet at least 10 x a day .
That 's Aspergers , right ?
Why the hell would someone do that ?
Best thread of the day !
Quoting : mathetes
I second this !!
LOL cheered me up .
I second this !!
LOL cheered me up .
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 775166
United States
09/19/2009 11:49 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Guy in apartment next to me plays " The Price is Right " theme song on his trumpet at least 10 x a day .
That 's Aspergers , right ?
Why the hell would someone do that ?
Best thread of the day !
I second this !!
LOL cheered me up .
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 636260
SHIT it is 10:50 CST and he is doing it AGAIN !
Should I call the police ?
What will they do ?
SHIT it is 10:50 CST and he is doing it AGAIN !
Should I call the police ?
What will they do ?
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 774852
Canada
09/20/2009 12:06 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Guy in apartment next to me plays " The Price is Right " theme song on his trumpet at least 10 x a day .
That 's Aspergers , right ?
Buy a 150 watt per channel stereo amplifier and a pair of high efficiency 8 ohm speakers .
Place the speakers one inch from the wall with the cones facing the wall .
Obtain a CD of Wagners Ride of the Valkyrie , or record the Ride section on your iPod .
Every single time he plays immediately play the Ride of the Valyrie back at him .
As soon as he stops blowing stop the music .
Do this without fail , every single time .
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 775166
United States
09/20/2009 12:11 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Guy in apartment next to me plays " The Price is Right " theme song on his trumpet at least 10 x a day .
That 's Aspergers , right ?
Buy a 150 watt per channel stereo amplifier and a pair of high efficiency 8 ohm speakers .
Place the speakers one inch from the wall with the cones facing the wall .
Obtain a CD of Wagners Ride of the Valkyrie , or record the Ride section on your iPod .
Every single time he plays immediately play the Ride of the Valyrie back at him .
As soon as he stops blowing stop the music .
Do this without fail , every single time .
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 774852
How about doing that with the Gloria from Beethoven 's Missa Solemnis ?
Not the whole thing , just the introduction .
That should confuse and aspbergers addled horn player pretty well .
How about doing that with the Gloria from Beethoven 's Missa Solemnis ?
Not the whole thing , just the introduction .
That should confuse and aspbergers addled horn player pretty well .
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 774852
Canada
09/20/2009 12:20 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Guy in apartment next to me plays " The Price is Right " theme song on his trumpet at least 10 x a day .
That 's Aspergers , right ?
Buy a 150 watt per channel stereo amplifier and a pair of high efficiency 8 ohm speakers .
Place the speakers one inch from the wall with the cones facing the wall .
Obtain a CD of Wagners Ride of the Valkyrie , or record the Ride section on your iPod .
Every single time he plays immediately play the Ride of the Valyrie back at him .
As soon as he stops blowing stop the music .
Do this without fail , every single time .
-------------------------------------------------------------​
How about doing that with the Gloria from Beethoven 's Missa Solemnis ?
Not the whole thing , just the introduction .
That should confuse and aspbergers addled horn player pretty well .
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 775166
That would do too .
Just as confusing .
There are a couple of pieces that would drive him round the twist .
The cannon section of Tchaikovsky 's 1812 might work , but it would have to be recorded with real cannons and that might bring the police , or break the windows .
That would do too .
Just as confusing .
There are a couple of pieces that would drive him round the twist .
The cannon section of Tchaikovsky 's 1812 might work , but it would have to be recorded with real cannons and that might bring the police , or break the windows .
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 775166
United States
09/20/2009 12:40 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Guy in apartment next to me plays " The Price is Right " theme song on his trumpet at least 10 x a day .
That 's Aspergers , right ?
Buy a 150 watt per channel stereo amplifier and a pair of high efficiency 8 ohm speakers .
Place the speakers one inch from the wall with the cones facing the wall .
Obtain a CD of Wagners Ride of the Valkyrie , or record the Ride section on your iPod .
Every single time he plays immediately play the Ride of the Valyrie back at him .
As soon as he stops blowing stop the music .
Do this without fail , every single time .
-------------------------------------------------------------​
How about doing that with the Gloria from Beethoven 's Missa Solemnis ?
Not the whole thing , just the introduction .
That should confuse and aspbergers addled horn player pretty well .
That would do too .
Just as confusing .
There are a couple of pieces that would drive him round the twist .
The cannon section of Tchaikovsky 's 1812 might work , but it would have to be recorded with real cannons and that might bring the police , or break the windows .
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 774852
The real cannon fire would be the real trick .
Perhaps some homemade black powder ' fireworks ' exploded on his doorstep would be enough to make him snap and have him carted off ?
Who knows , but these are things to consider .
The real cannon fire would be the real trick .
Perhaps some homemade black powder ' fireworks ' exploded on his doorstep would be enough to make him snap and have him carted off ?
Who knows , but these are things to consider .
Aleilius
User ID : 730002
United States
09/20/2009 12:49 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Guy in apartment next to me plays " The Price is Right " theme song on his trumpet at least 10 x a day .
That 's Aspergers , right ?
I 'm a trumpet player and we are generally friendly people .
We also are aware of the volume issue .
( Real trumpet players use practice rooms or portable enclosures or micked mutes w/ headphones . )
Seriously , knock on his door and tell him that hearing that one song over and over is driving you crazy , and could he please learn some other TV show themes ...?
There are a million of em .
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 553712
Absolutely , be nice to the poor guy .
If he has Aspergers he 'll be very friendly , but will probably lack many many social skills .
Having AS is very difficult to deal with .
It alienates the afflicted from the rest of the world .
Of course , I wonder if he does have AS .
Most afflicted with AS do not like loud noises .
It is very bothersome .
Absolutely , be nice to the poor guy .
If he has Aspergers he 'll be very friendly , but will probably lack many many social skills .
Having AS is very difficult to deal with .
It alienates the afflicted from the rest of the world .
Of course , I wonder if he does have AS .
Most afflicted with AS do not like loud noises .
It is very bothersome .
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 775166
United States
09/20/2009 01:21 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Guy in apartment next to me plays " The Price is Right " theme song on his trumpet at least 10 x a day .
That 's Aspergers , right ?
I 'm a trumpet player and we are generally friendly people .
We also are aware of the volume issue .
( Real trumpet players use practice rooms or portable enclosures or micked mutes w/ headphones . )
Seriously , knock on his door and tell him that hearing that one song over and over is driving you crazy , and could he please learn some other TV show themes ...?
There are a million of em .
Absolutely , be nice to the poor guy .
If he has Aspergers he 'll be very friendly , but will probably lack many many social skills .
Having AS is very difficult to deal with .
It alienates the afflicted from the rest of the world .
Of course , I wonder if he does have AS .
Most afflicted with AS do not like loud noises .
It is very bothersome .
Quoting : Aleilius
I just wonder if the whole " price is right theme " thing is more of an OCD idiot problem , and not a true medical condition .
Perhaps a beating is in order here ?
I just wonder if the whole " price is right theme " thing is more of an OCD idiot problem , and not a true medical condition .
Perhaps a beating is in order here ?
Gregory
User ID : 876768
Netherlands
02/08/2010 01:01 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Guy in apartment next to me plays " The Price is Right " theme song on his trumpet at least 10 x a day .
That 's Aspergers , right ?
This could be OCD ( Obsessive - Compulsive ) .
Perhaps the song signals the completion of a task .
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 832190
United States
02/17/2010 11:43 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Guy in apartment next to me plays " The Price is Right " theme song on his trumpet at least 10 x a day .
That 's Aspergers , right ?
I 'm a trumpet player and we are generally friendly people .
We also are aware of the volume issue .
( Real trumpet players use practice rooms or portable enclosures or micked mutes w/ headphones . )
Seriously , knock on his door and tell him that hearing that one song over and over is driving you crazy , and could he please learn some other TV show themes ...?
There are a million of em .
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 553712
[ link to www.music123.com]
give a gift of silence give a gift of silence
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 832190
United States
02/17/2010 11:54 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Guy in apartment next to me plays " The Price is Right " theme song on his trumpet at least 10 x a day .
That 's Aspergers , right ?
I feel for you man ..... this is what I envision it sounding like through the walls .
I would take a few tokes ..... then probably kill myself .
I feel for you man ..... this is what I envision it sounding like through the walls .
I would take a few tokes ..... then probably kill myself .
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 212949
United States
02/18/2010 12:20 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Guy in apartment next to me plays " The Price is Right " theme song on his trumpet at least 10 x a day .
That 's Aspergers , right ?
I know for a fact the lunch truck driver has asbergers .
pud
User ID : 892284
United States
02/18/2010 12:21 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Guy in apartment next to me plays " The Price is Right " theme song on his trumpet at least 10 x a day .
That 's Aspergers , right ?
Why the hell would someone do that ?
Best thread of the day !
Quoting : mathetes
OMG ..I 'm laughing so hard I 'm crying at this thread !
Genius , OP !
Pastor New Socks --
Putting the " stud " back into Bible Study !
Christian Zionism does NOT equal Hypocritical Paradox !
Who Will Jesus Damn ?
Here is a partial list from just a few scripture verses :
Hypocrites ( Matthew 24:51 ) , The Unforgiving ( Mark 11:26 ) , Homosexuals ( Romans 1:26 , 27 ) , Fornicators ( Romans 1:29 ) , The Wicked ( Romans 1:29 ) , The Covetous ( Romans 1:29 ) , The Malicious ( Romans 1:29 ) , The Envious ( Romans 1:29 ) , Murderers ( Romans 1:29 ) , The Deceitful ( Romans 1:29 ) , Backbiters ( Romans 1:30 ) , Haters of God ( Romans 1:30 ) , The Despiteful ( Romans 1:30 ) , The Proud ( Romans 1:30 ) , Boasters ( Romans 1:30 ) , Inventors of evil ( Romans 1:30 ) , Disobedient to parents ( Romans 1:30 ) , Covenant breakers ( Romans 1:31 ) , The Unmerciful ( Romans 1:31 ) , The Implacable ( Romans 1:31 ) , The Unrighteous ( 1Corinthians 6:9 ) , Idolaters ( 1Corinthians 6:9 ) , Adulterers ( 1Corinthians 6:9 ) , The Effeminate ( 1Corinthians 6:9 ) , Thieves ( 1Corinthians 6:10 ) , Drunkards ( 1Corinthians 6:10 ) , Reviler ( 1Corinthians 6:10 ) , Extortioners ( 1Corinthians 6:10 ) , The Fearful ( Revelation 21:8 ) , The Unbelieving ( Revelation 21:8 ) , The Abominable ( Revelation 21:8 ) , Whoremongers ( Revelation 21:8 ) , Sorcerers ( Revelation 21:8 ) , All Liars ( Revelation 21:8 )
PRAISE !
Ephesians 5:23 _( King James Version ) " Wives , submit yourselves unto your own husbands , as unto the Lord .
For the husband is the head of the wife , even as Christ is the head of the church : and he is the saviour of the body . "
God-Fearing Christians , Heathens , and Zionist Dime Pieces may email me anytime at : [ email protected ]
Here is a partial list from just a few scripture verses :
Hypocrites ( Matthew 24:51 ) , The Unforgiving ( Mark 11:26 ) , Homosexuals ( Romans 1:26 , 27 ) , Fornicators ( Romans 1:29 ) , The Wicked ( Romans 1:29 ) , The Covetous ( Romans 1:29 ) , The Malicious ( Romans 1:29 ) , The Envious ( Romans 1:29 ) , Murderers ( Romans 1:29 ) , The Deceitful ( Romans 1:29 ) , Backbiters ( Romans 1:30 ) , Haters of God ( Romans 1:30 ) , The Despiteful ( Romans 1:30 ) , The Proud ( Romans 1:30 ) , Boasters ( Romans 1:30 ) , Inventors of evil ( Romans 1:30 ) , Disobedient to parents ( Romans 1:30 ) , Covenant breakers ( Romans 1:31 ) , The Unmerciful ( Romans 1:31 ) , The Implacable ( Romans 1:31 ) , The Unrighteous ( 1Corinthians 6:9 ) , Idolaters ( 1Corinthians 6:9 ) , Adulterers ( 1Corinthians 6:9 ) , The Effeminate ( 1Corinthians 6:9 ) , Thieves ( 1Corinthians 6:10 ) , Drunkards ( 1Corinthians 6:10 ) , Reviler ( 1Corinthians 6:10 ) , Extortioners ( 1Corinthians 6:10 ) , The Fearful ( Revelation 21:8 ) , The Unbelieving ( Revelation 21:8 ) , The Abominable ( Revelation 21:8 ) , Whoremongers ( Revelation 21:8 ) , Sorcerers ( Revelation 21:8 ) , All Liars ( Revelation 21:8 ) PRAISE !
OMG ..I 'm laughing so hard I 'm crying at this thread !
Genius , OP !
Hillcrest
User ID : 392015
United States
02/18/2010 12:27 AM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Guy in apartment next to me plays " The Price is Right " theme song on his trumpet at least 10 x a day .
That 's Aspergers , right ?
I feel for you man ..... this is what I envision it sounding like through the walls .
I would take a few tokes ..... then probably kill myself .
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 832190
and I thought my neighbors were bad
Water always wins .
: sun : and I thought my neighbors were bad
Few motorcycles are as tough as the legendary Ural sidecar , built the old - fashioned way in the Irbit MotorWorks Factory , Russia .
There ’s a small but healthy market for these bulletproof machines outside the Eastern Bloc , helped by some smart marketing .
The latest Ural is the Limited Edition Gear Up Sahara : just 18 units will be sold in the US , at a cost of $ 14,099 plus the usual taxes .
Standard specifications include an engage - able sidecar drive shaft and essentials such as a gas canister , shovel , spotlight , luggage rack and spare tire .
( Yes , Urals are used on proper expeditions . )
To quote Sir Chuck … ” A playoff series does n’t officially start until someone wins a game in the other persons building . ”
Thats where we are at today on the eve of Game Three .
As I said in my previous post , what the Lakers did was basically hold serve and protect homecourt .
The pressure is now on the Magic to do the same .
Lets take a look back at how each team has fared thus far in the playoffs .. the Lakers on the road and the Magic at home .
First the Magic at Home in the 2009 Playoffs :
In the first round against the Sixers the Magic went 2 - 1 in Orlando .
There only loss coming in Game One when Andre Iguodala capped off an impressive all around game ( 20 - 8 - 8 ) with his improbable game winning jump shot over Hedo Turkoglu ( see video below ) .
In the Magic ’s two home wins ( Game Two , and Game Five ) they won by an average margin of victory of 11 points .
In round two against the Celtics the Magic did own home court advantage and had to wait , as they do now , till Game Three for their first game in Orlando .
In Game Three the Magic erupted for 117 points , their wing tandem of Turkoglu and Rashard Lewis combining for 52 points .
This also was the game Rafer Alston was suspended for after he slapped Eddie House in the head .
The starting point guard that day ?
Anthony Johnson who had a modest stat line of 13 points , three assists , three rebounds and two steals and finished + 4 .
Anthony Johnson ’s minutes thus far the finals ..0 .
After that impressive performance the Magic promptly dropped Game Four in their building after Glen “ Big Baby ” Davis ’ memorable game winning jump shot , followed by the shove of the year when Davis chose shoving a 12 year old Magic fan out of the way in celebration rather than just flat out barreling him over .
The Magic returned home in Game Six down in the series 3 - 2 and needed a win to stay alive and were able to slug out an 83-75 victory over the Celtics making their second round home record be ..2 - 1 .
In the conference semi-finals vs the Cavaliers the Magic again did not own home court advantage .
In Game Three , coming off the Lebron shot ( slightly irrelevant now ) loss the Magic responded with a 99 - 89 victory .
In Game Four the Magic took total control of the series going up 3 - 1 with a ‘ stat stuffer ’ win of , 116 - 114 .
Rafer Alston was huge in this game finishing +18 and scoring 26 points going 6 - 12 from three .
The Magic failed to close out the series in Cleveland in Game Five , so they got to travel back to Orlando for Game Six .
In Game Six the Magic capped off the improbable series win behind Dwight ’s Shaqesque stat line of 40 and 14 .
The Magic made Mickey Mouse proud in this series going 3 - 0 at home .
So to review … the Magic in these playoffs have been 7 - 2 in the playoffs .
Dwight Howard is averaging 24.4 ppg and 10.2 rpg compared to his 18.1 and 11.5 on the road .
So it is safe to assume Dwight may see a bump in points in this upcoming two ( three if necessary ) games .
Another player who may benefit from a little ‘ home cooking ’ is Rafer Alston .
Skip at home is shooting 41 % from three but on the road he ’s been a mere 25 % .
So his confidence may be restored in this home stand .
For the Lakers traveling road show in the 2009 Playoffs :
In their opening series vs. the Utah Jazz the Lakers went 1 - 1 on the road , their loss coming in Game Three , in similiar fashion to Magic ’s .. on a game winning shot .
This time the hero was Deron Williams when he hit a fading shot over Lamar Odom , see video .
In the second round round the Lakers faced tough the tough task of the Houston Rockets .
After both teams traded wins in L.A. the Lakers came out ready to play in Game Three and took a 108 - 94 win over the Rockets .
Kobe was big in Game
Three scoring 33 points .
In Game Four the Lakers had a real shot of taking total control of the series after news of Yao Ming ’s season ending due to a fracture in his foot .
The Lakers however could not contain Aaron Brooks who scored 34 points and the Rockets evened the series by winning 99 - 87 .
In Game Six the Lakers again were on the road with a chance to close out the series but again they mailed in another poor performance .
Only scoring 80 points the Lakers lost 95 - 80 .
Their road record in the second round was 1 - 2 .
In the West semis vs. the Nuggets the Lakers held homecourt advantage and went on the road in Game Three with the series tied 1 - 1 .
The Lakers after failing to perform on the road against the Rockets went out took the game , winning by six , 103 - 97 .
Kobe had his highest scoring game of the playoffs going off for 41 points on 24 shots .
In Game Four their defense let them down as they surrended 120 points to the Nuggets in a loss .
Coming back to Denver in Game Six with a chance to close out the series the Lakers played arguably their best game of these playoffs winning 119 - 92 .
Kobe played one of his most effecient games yet scoring 35 points on just 20 shots and was +31 in the game .
The Lakers in the conference finals were 2 - 1 on the road .
So to review … the Lakers on the road in these playoffs have a record of .500 going 4 - 4 so far .
Not quite the road warrior status of the NY Giants of 2008 , but an adequate enough job .
Taking a look at some of the numbers the Lakers as a team on the road have scored 99 ppg while at home they are up around 105 .
Interestingly though the Lakers defense are surrendering the exact same 95.2 ppg to opponents both home and away .
Kobe ’s points actually rise slightly on the road going from 29.7 at home to 30.8 , but he also takes two more attempts when in purple .
Verdict :
So there you have it .
Its quite obvious the Magic ’s play , especially Dwight , is aided by the home crowd .
That one could argue is the mark of an inexperienced team or maybe whoever cooks Dwights meals for him in Orlando does n’t travel with him to away games .
The Lakers on the other hand , like the steady , playoff experienced team they are , have an even 4 - 4 record at home .
Most of their individual numbers are the same also as their are no swings in field goal percentages like that of Rafer Alston .
The Lakers have also been good of taking Game Three ’s as they did in both the Rockets and Nuggets series .
We ’ll see how this one plays out , but you have to believe the Magic are going to have one crazy shooting night where they shoot around 50 percent from three and score like 115 points .
I get the feeling that Game Three will be that game for them .
Orlando is now 0 - 6 in NBA Finals games .
Follow me on Twitter
Ohio-born James A. Garfield did n't make it a year into his first term as U.S. president before he was assassinated .
And a larger - than - life statue of the 20th president did n't last a week on Hiram College 's campus before someone stole its head .
Visitors to campus on Thursday admired the 95 - year - old sandstone likeness of Garfield before and after a dedication ceremony at the school 's Garfield Institute for Public Leadership .
The next morning , the statue was discovered decapitated , the head nowhere to be found , college spokesman Shawn Brown said Saturday .
Because sandstone is brittle , officials theorize that someone climbed the statue , rocked Garfield 's head back and forth until the neck snapped and then spirited away the weighty orb .
Hiram police are investigating , but there are no leads , Brown said .
He dismissed theories that students -- overcome by spring fever or this weekend 's commencement ceremonies -- may have been behind the act .
School Trustee Paul Martin bought the statue at an auction in southern Ohio and gave it to the school a few months ago .
With its head , the piece was valued between $ 20,000 and $ 30,000 , Brown said .
School officials hope to restore the statue if the head is ever found , he said , encouraging anyone who knows what happened to call Hiram police at 330-569-3236 .
Hill Transition
Specter To Switch Parties
Updated
By Chris Cillizza
Pennsylvania Sen. Arlen Specter will switch his party affiliation from Republican to Democrat , according to sources informed of the decision .
Specter 's decision would give Democrats a 60 seat filibuster - proof majority in the Senate , assuming Democrat Al Franken is eventually sworn in as the next senator from Minnesota .
( Former senator Norm Coleman is appealing Franken 's victory in the state Supreme Court . )
Specter as a Democrat would also fundamentally alter the 2010 calculus in Pennsylvania , as he was expected to face a difficult primary challenge next year from former represenative Pat Toomey .
The only announced Democrat in the race is former National Constitution Center head Joe Torsella , although several other candidates are looking at the race .
Continue reading at The Fix »
Specter 's full statement follows :
I have been a Republican since 1966 .
I have been working extremely hard for the Party , for its candidates and for the ideals of a Republican Party whose tent is big enough to welcome diverse points of view .
While I have been comfortable being a Republican , my Party has not defined who I am .
I have taken each issue one at a time and have exercised independent judgment to do what I thought was best for Pennsylvania and the nation .
Since my election in 1980 , as part of the Reagan Big Tent , the Republican Party has moved far to the right .
Last year , more than 200,000 Republicans in Pennsylvania changed their registration to become Democrats .
I now find my political philosophy more in line with Democrats than Republicans .
When I supported the stimulus package , I knew that it would not be popular with the Republican Party .
But , I saw the stimulus as necessary to lessen the risk of a far more serious recession than we are now experiencing .
Since then , I have traveled the State , talked to Republican leaders and office - holders and my supporters and I have carefully examined public opinion .
It has become clear to me that the stimulus vote caused a schism which makes our differences irreconcilable .
On this state of the record , I am unwilling to have my twenty - nine year Senate record judged by the Pennsylvania Republican primary electorate .
I have not represented the Republican Party .
I have represented the people of Pennsylvania .
I have decided to run for re-election in 2010 in the Democratic primary .
I am ready , willing and anxious to take on all comers and have my candidacy for re-election determined in a general election .
I deeply regret that I will be disappointing many friends and supporters .
I can understand their disappointment .
I am also disappointed that so many in the Party I have worked for for more than four decades do not want me to be their candidate .
It is very painful on both sides .
I thank specially Senators McConnell and Cornyn for their forbearance .
I am not making this decision because there are no important and interesting opportunities outside the Senate .
I take on this complicated run for re-election because I am deeply concerned about the future of our country and I believe I have a significant contribution to make on many of the key issues of the day , especially medical research .
NIH funding has saved or lengthened thousands of lives , including mine , and much more needs to be done .
And my seniority is very important to continue to bring important projects vital to Pennsylvania 's economy .
I am taking this action now because there are fewer than thirteen months to the 2010 Pennsylvania Primary and there is much to be done in preparation for that election .
Upon request , I will return campaign contributions contributed during this cycle .
While each member of the Senate caucuses with his Party , what each of us hopes to accomplish is distinct from his party affiliation .
The American people do not care which Party solves the problems confronting our nation .
And no Senator , no matter how loyal he is to his Party , should or would put party loyalty above his duty to the state and nation .
My change in party affiliation does not mean that I will be a party - line voter any more for the Democrats that I have been for the Republicans .
Unlike Senator Jeffords ' switch which changed party control , I will not be an automatic 60th vote for cloture .
For example , my position on Employees Free Choice ( Card Check ) will not change .
Whatever my party affiliation , I will continue to be guided by President Kennedy 's statement that sometimes Party asks too much .
When it does , I will continue my independent voting and follow my conscience on what I think is best for Pennsylvania and America .
Posted at 12:01 PM ET on Apr 28 , 2009 | Category : Hill Transition
Share This : Technorati | Tag in Del.icio.us | Digg This
Previous : Obama , Progressive Democrats to Talk War Funding | Next : Obama Emphasizes Values in Speech to FBI
Add 44 to Your Site
Get This Widget >>
Be the first to know when there 's a new installment of The Trail .
This widget is easy to add to your Web site , and it will update every time there 's a new entry on The Trail .
Posted by : JakeD | April 28 , 2009 1:41 PM
Posted by : MasonMatt | April 28 , 2009 12:37 PM
Posted by : mydustymusic | April 28 , 2009 12:36 PM
Posted by : mjohnsona1 | April 28 , 2009 12:34 PM
Posted by : JakeD | April 28 , 2009 12:27 PM
Posted by : Rob_H | April 28 , 2009 12:26 PM
Posted by : jeffreysmathers | April 28 , 2009 12:25 PM
Posted by : ttj1 | April 28 , 2009 12:18 PM
Posted by : JakeD | April 28 , 2009 12:04 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
A trillion - dollar storm is gathering over the commercial real estate landscape that ’s threatening to add further pain to an already bruised US economy .
At the center of the worries is some $ 3.5 trillion in debt backed by everything from strip malls to offices and apartments across the nation — the lion ’s share of which is badly underwater because this recession followed a five - year commercial property boom fueled by easy money and loose underwriting standards .
Now the owners of the less - than - full malls , apartment complexes and office buildings are succumbing to the worst economic collapse since the Great Depression — because they ca n’t refinance the debt .
The commercial debt securitization market is dead .
“ Because there is no securitization the system cannot process the wave of maturities coming due , ” said Scott Latham , commercial property broker at Cushman & Wakefield .
“ This is arguably the most important fact we ’re going to be dealing with .
If there ’s no mortgage market that can feed the machine you ’re just not going to have deals , ” he said .
“ It ’s going to be years before we recover and even when that happens we ’re going to discover that we ’re in a new paradigm , ” Latham added .
About $ 1.4 trillion in real estate debt is set to mature over the next four years , with some $ 204 billion coming due this year alone .
Most of that debt wo n’t be able to be refinanced or restructured because lending standards have tightened and commercial real estate values have cratered since last year , according to Deutsche Bank analyst Richard Parkus .
The debt behind the commercial real estate boom , commercial mortgage - backed securities , or CMBS , entails pooling together commercial mortgages in apartment buildings , shopping malls or trophy offices in different locations , packaging them into bonds and selling them to investors .
CMBS issuance reached its peak with $ 230 billion transactions completed in 2007 .
Last year , as the market was dying , a relatively anemic $ 12 billion in activity was seen , according to industry newsletter Commercial Mortgage Alert .
The last time the markets saw a tsunami like this one was in the late 1980s during the savings and loan crisis , when builders overwhelmed the markets with commercial supply that went vacant for years .
However , this commercial real estate crisis , fueled primarily by developers and property investors getting easy access to relatively cheap loans , may be even worse than what ’s come before .
That ’s especially the case since Average Joes and Janes are by extension huge landlords via pensions , endowments and mutual funds — which have big commercial property exposure over the past few years .
Broadly speaking , commercial real estate values are off by as much as 40 or 50 percent by some estimates .
C&W ’s Latham also points out that some loan agreements with bank lenders stipulate that properties have to be rented at a certain dollar amount or run into technical default .
“ Many of these loans do n’t live long enough [ to refinance ] , ” Parkus told The Post .
The research analyst plans on submitting a more comprehensive commercial real estate report as a follow - up to his popular report next week that ’s even grimmer than his original .
According to C&W , Manhattan vacancies jumped 20 percent in the first quarter from three months earlier , with Midtown seeing a 24 percent vacancy rate .
“ There ’s going to be a lot of pain , ” Anton commented .
Here is how the commercial real estate crunch is affecting three companies :
* Broadway Partners
Take the case of Scott Lawlor , who is struggling to keep a $ 14 billion assemblage of the nation ’s choicest properties he owns via real estate fund Broadway Partners from falling into the hands of his lenders — or worse , having to file for bankruptcy .
Recently , a consortium of lenders foreclosed on Lawlor ’s John Hancock Tower — a trophy Boston office building .
The $ 660 million the building fetched at auctioned when sold by Lawlor ’s creditors represented half the amount Lawlor ’s fund paid for it in 2006 .
It serves as a haunting experience for the son of a Queens cab driver who in rapid - fire fashion in less than five years grew his firm from a few small office buildings in Philadelphia and New York into a billion - dollar empire spanning the nation .
He did it on the back of leverage .
As it stands , Lawlor is fighting to restructure much of the debt he borrowed to fund his buying spree in the hopes of weathering the real estate storm .
Sources told The Post that the Broadway CEO is currently in talks to recast a block of offices acquired from real estate fund Beacon Capital Partners and financed by the defunct Lehman Brothers .
Privately , Lawlor has told peers that he believes that he may lose one or two more properties to foreclosure but expects to maintain the bulk of his multi-million square foot office portfolio .
A spokesman for Broadway declined comment .
* Tishman Speyer
Sources tell The Post that the sprawling 80 - acre Stuyvesant Town - Peter Cooper Village apartment complex that Tishman Speyer acquired with its partners three years ago for $ 5.4 billion may end up in lenders ’ hands after cash reserves for the residential complex run dry .
And that ’s not the only asset on which the company is feeling the pinch .
Tishman bought for about $ 21 billion on leverage the real estate investment trust Archstone - Smith at the height of the market .
Tishman ’s Archstone purchase loaded the REIT up with massive debts , and lenders are believed to have been forced to place about $ 1 billion more into the company in order to keep it afloat .
Tishman officials have argued that they ’re not taking as big a hit on its investments as one might believe because it never put that much equity at risk .
Tishman put about $ 250 million into its investment in Stuy - Town and about $ 112 million in Archstone , sources said .
A spokesman for Tishman declined to comment .
* General Growth
Properties
So far the biggest commercial real estate blow up has been that of REIT General Growth Properties Trust , the second - biggest owner of shopping malls throughout the US .
It filed for bankruptcy protection last month .
Like many of the commercial real estate investors , GGP ballooned in size by using leverage to scoop up a raft of malls in the early - 2000s as choice , rarely sold mall jewels that hit the market .
GGP used billions in CMBS debt to fund its acQuisitions , but as retailers got slammed and the economy spiraled into recession so it could n’t keep up with its payments .
In fact , GGP ’s collapse into bankruptcy is testing the bounds of the laws that govern which debtholders get what when companies fall into Chapter 11 .
As a holding company , GGP has filed for bankRuptcy , but it has many so - called special purpose entities that represent the individual malls it owns under the GGP umbrella .
Debtholders of those CMBS bonds had always thought that in a bankruptcy their ownership would be insulated from getting whacked — but now they ’re not so sure .
So far instances like GGP , Tishman and Broadway have been treated as one - offs but there are already signs that a wave of such problem property situations is waiting in the wings .
In total , more than 4,500 properties are on the brink of default , representing some $ 95 billion in assets in the US , according to Real Capital Analytics .
At this point , it ’s hard to determine how the commercial real estate problem will resolve itself but it ’s expected that banks may suffer losses of $ 200 billion with regional banks being slammed the worst .
Case 1
Broadway Partners
$ 14 billion in property under management
Office assets + 17 million sq. ft .
CEO : Scott Lawlor
Speed bump : Bought Boston ’s John Hancock Tower for $ 1.3B in 2006 near market peak ; forced sale for $ 660 K last month .
Case 2
General Growth Properties
Over 200 US malls with 200 million sq. ft. in retail space .
Chairman : John Bucksbaum
Speed bump : Could n’t pay debt due on 2004 purchase of Rouse Co. for $ 12 billion – and could n’t refinance it .
Case 3
Tishman Speyer
92,000 apartments with 115 million sq. ft. rental properties
Chairman : Robert Tishman
Speed bump : Bought Stuy - Town for $ 5.2B in 2006 ; operating cash will only last to 2010 ; unable to refinance .
John Granville was killed while driving home on New Year 's Day
Four men in Sudan have been sentenced to death for the killing of a US diplomat and his driver last year .
John Granville and driver Abdel Rahman Abbas died after gunmen opened fire on their car early on New Year 's Day .
" We sentence the first four defendants to death by hanging , " Reuters news agency quoted Judge Sayed Ahmed al - Badri as saying .
Earlier , the US embassy in Khartoum urged its citizens to keep a low profile if there was a guilty verdict .
A fifth man , who had provided the men with the weapon but did not participate in the murder , was sentenced to two years in prison at the court in the capital , Khartoum .
Mr Granville , 33 , was an employee of the US Agency for International Development ( USAID ) .
America 's Federal Bureau of Investigation sent agents to help with the investigation into the killing and suspects were arrested the month after the fatal shooting .
Relations between Sudan and the United States have long been strained , most recently because of the conflict in Darfur .
Khartoum denies accusations that it mobilised Arab militias to take revenge on the local population six years ago , in what the US and others have called a genocide .
Drives were bought in America , the UK , Germany , France and Australia Medical records , confidential letters and X - rays of patients in Lanarkshire have been found on second - hand computer hard drives .
Two disks bought for a study on data security contained sensitive information from Monklands and Hairmyres hospitals .
NHS Lanarkshire said the disks were disposed of in 2006 before it improved its data protection procedures .
Other disks contained bank details and information on missile defence .
Researchers from BT and the University of Glamorgan bought 300 disks from the UK , America , Germany , France and Australia at computer fairs and online auctions .
They found 34 % still contained sensitive data .
This was clearly in breach of contract and was wholly unacceptable
NHS Lanarkshire statement
Two disks bought in the UK had patient medical records , images of X - rays , medical staff shifts and sensitive and confidential staff letters relating to Monklands and Hairmyres hospitals .
In a statement , Lanarkshire Health Board said : " This study refers to hard disks which were disposed of in 2006 .
At that time NHS Lanarkshire had a contractual agreement with an external company for the disposal of computer equipment .
" In this instance the hard drives had been subjected to a basic level of data removal by the company and had then been disposed of inappropriately .
This was clearly in breach of contract and was wholly unacceptable . "
The trust has carried out a review of its policies and now no longer uses external companies to dispose of IT equipment , the statement added .
The information uncovered in the study was enough to expose individuals and firms to fraud and identity theft , said the researchers .
Job descriptions Professor Andrew Blyth said : " It 's not rocket science - we used standard tools to analyse the data . "
In addition to finding bank account details and medical records , the work unearthed job descriptions and personal identity numbers as well as data about a proposed $ 50 bn currency exchange through Spain .
Details of test launch procedures for the Thaad ( Terminal High Altitude Area Defence ) ground - to - air missile defence system were found on a disk bought on eBay .
The missile system , tested as recently as March 2009 following a controversial missile test by North Korea , is designed to destroy long - range intercontinental missiles launched by terrorists or countries the US considers to be " rogue states " .
Liberal Democrats justice spokesman Robert Brown said the researchers ' findings backed up his view that a national identity card scheme would not work .
He said : " This is why a mega - database of personal information is a ludicrous plan , particularly in the week when the Labour Government is rolling out the ID card scheme in Manchester .
" Labour 's ID card scheme will see a massive increase and centralisation of personal data held by the government .
" Labour needs to realise that public confidence in the ability of government agencies to keep our personal data safe is continually undermined by incidents like this . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In light of new research , will women be informed that preserving their ovaries may preserve their health ?
Hysterectomies are the second most common surgeries among
American women , after cesarean section deliveries .
More than half
a million women , one in three , will undergo a hysterectomy before the
age of 60 .
In addition to removing the uterus , half of those women are
also advised to have an oophorectomy in which one or both ovaries are removed .
Thought to provide significant protection against breast and ovarian
cancer , the practice of oophorectomy may get a second look in light
of groundbreaking new research .
In a study published in this month ’s Obstetrics
& Gynecology , researchers found that women who had their ovaries
removed were at a much higher risk of death , heart disease and lung
cancer than the women whose ovaries were preserved .
The risk was even
higher for women under the age of 50 at the time of their hysterectomy
and oophorectomy .
Because the ovaries continue to produce androgens which can be converted
to estrogen in the body , experts believe that estrogen may play a key
protective role against heart disease and this study adds to the evidence
to support that suggestion .
The authors were quick to point out
that a woman with a strong family history of breast and / or ovarian cancers
should still take precautions and have her ovaries removed , but this
research suggests that women without a genetic predisposition for those
cancers will probably fare better keeping their ovaries .
In light of this research , will gynecologists
change their practices ?
Will women be informed that preserving
their ovaries may preserve their health ?
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Looking at the bigger picture , according
to the National
Women ’s Health Network ,
up to 90 % of hysterectomies are medically unnecessary and yet , women
are still having them .
Why undergo major surgery with potential life - changing
side effects like depression and loss of sex drive if it ’s not needed ?
Are women being informed about the non-surgical alternatives to hysterectomies ?
Are women being told the whole story ?
Looking at the even bigger picture ,
evidence is emerging that environmental contaminants and chemicals in
our everyday products may be contributing to a whole slew of female
reproductive disorders , including fibroids , the number one reason for a hysterectomy .
Protecting women against exposures to these chemicals could potentially
reduce their risk of developing reproductive disorders , including cancer ,
and thus reduce the need for most elective hysterectomies .
A growing body of medical professionals
have taken the concerns about environmental health and reproductive
health very seriously .
In September of last year , an editorial
was published in American Family Physician alerting doctors to
the risks of exposures to these chemicals and the need to educate patients .
Similarly , the Association
of Reproductive Health Professionals ( ARHP )
has become a clearinghouse of environmental and reproductive health
information for physicians , including continuing medical education credits .
Progress is being made , but it is too soon to say when the mainstream
medical community will pick up these important connections and begin
offering clinical advice for patients .
Would n’t you like to be an expert ?
To intuitively know the right answers ?
Enter the Dreyfus model of skill acquisition , which shines a light on how we develop and master skills , helping us understand how we progress from novice to expert , including all the steps in between .
Experts are Not Just Supercharged Novices
There ’s much more to mastering a skill than just acquiring more knowledge .
Just like adults are not simply bigger children , experts are not only smarter , more knowledgeable or faster than novices .
The differences can be found at a more fundamental level , such as in how they perceive the world and approach problems .
Let ’s take a familiar example : cooking .
The novice cook needs detailed recipes to prepare even the simplest of dishes ; the expert chef does n’t need explicit recipes at all .
It ’s not that the chef memorized all the recipes .
In fact , if he needs to make an unexpected change in how a dish is prepared — even one that was never made before — he can intuitively pull it off .
Experienced folks seem to ‘ just know ’ , do n’t they ?
To understand how that works , let ’s turn to the ideas developed by brothers Hubert and Stuart Dreyfus in the early 80s , the Dreyfus model of skill acquisition .
Their model breaks down the journey to mastery in five discrete stages , outlining what ’s necessary to improve at each of them .
Let ’s see .
The 5 Skill Levels
1. Novices
The main goal of novices is to accomplish immediate tasks .
Since they have little or no previous experience , they ’re usually insecure and are focused only on having their first successes .
Novices need clear rules and unambiguous instructions , and to concentrate on following them strictly .
As such , they commonly do n’t feel responsible for anything other than correctly following what was passed to them ( “ I ’m just following orders ! ” ) .
To improve , novices usually need close monitoring to bring their actions as close as possible to achieve what is expected by adhering to the rules .
2. Advanced Beginners
Advanced beginners still operate following rules , but they ’re able to apply them not only on the exact situations that they were intended for , but also on similar contexts .
The once - rigid rules become more like guidelines .
Advanced beginners try new things out , but still have difficulty troubleshooting problems .
Just like novices , they ’re still focused on completing tasks — they do n’t want lengthy theorizing and do n’t have much interest in the big picture .
To improve , advanced beginners need to gain experience dealing with real situations , preferably in limited and controlled situations ( with much of the ‘ real - world complexity ’ filtered out ) .
3. Competent
As the rules and guidelines become prohibitively complex , practitioners begin organizing and sorting them by relevance , forming conceptual models .
Competent practitioners can troubleshoot problems , and will work based on deliberate planning and past experience .
They are willing to make decisions and to accept responsibility for their outcomes .
To improve , competent practitioners need exposure to a wide variety of typical , real - world , ‘ whole ’ situations .
By dealing with those , they better grasp the connections between the isolated conceptual models they already use .
4. Proficient
Proficient practitioners create not only conceptual models , but a conceptual framework around their whole skill .
They want the big picture , and become frustrated with oversimplified information .
They ’re conscious of their performance and can adjust their behaviors accordingly .
They can also use and adapt others ’ experiences , as well as grasp and apply maxims — which require much more sophisticated interpretation than mere rules or guidelines ( as they ’re much more generic and context - dependent ) .
To advance to the fifth and last level , proficient practitioners need even more practice — lots of it .
And , as much as possible , they should practice without being hindered by policies or guidelines .
The intuition of the expert starts with a vast pool of practical knowledge , and that can only be developed by experimenting freely .
5. Experts
The hallmark of experts is intuition : they just do what works — no explicit analysis or planning is involved .
While proficient practitioners can intuitively identify problems , experts can go and intuitively solve them .
They tap into their vast pool of knowledge and effortlessly identify patterns , applying solutions in context .
Although experts are amazingly intuitive , they are usually rather inarticulate in explaining how they arrived at a conclusion .
Although technically this is the last stage in the model , experts never cease to practice and evolve in subtle ways , incorporating rarer and exceptional cases in their knowledge pool .
Common Themes : What Are the Fundamental Changes ?
By looking at the five levels from a higher altitude , we can distill some common themes that emerge as one progresses from novice to expert :
Moving away from relying on rules and explicit knowledge to intuition and pattern matching .
Better filtering , where problems are no longer a big collection of data but a complete and unique whole where some bits are much more relevant than others .
Moving from being a detached observer of the problem to an involved part of the system itself , accepting responsibility for results , not just for carrying out tasks .
Lessons from the Dreyfus Model
How can we use the Dreyfus model in everyday life ?
Find below some key takeaways and ideas that speak most loudly to me .
( I ’m sure there are many others — feel free to contribute in the comments ! )
Make skills acquisition as productive as possible .
This is true both for individuals as well as for teams .
By having a better idea of your skill level , you ’re able to give yourself ( or others in your team ) exactly what ’s needed at that particular level .
If you want novices to operate at their best , they will need unambiguous rules .
On the other hand , bothering the experts with intricate rules and policies is a recipe for frustration and bringing their performance down .
We want to avoid ‘ racing sheep and herding horses ’ .
This is true both for individuals as well as for teams .
By having a better idea of your skill level , you ’re able to give yourself ( or others in your team ) exactly what ’s needed at that particular level .
If you want novices to operate at their best , they will need unambiguous rules .
On the other hand , bothering the experts with intricate rules and policies is a recipe for frustration and bringing their performance down .
We want to avoid ‘ racing sheep and herding horses ’ .
Use it as a standard guidance and assessment framework .
The Dreyfus model gives us a no - nonsense way to assess and compare skill levels in many contexts .
We could use it to design better learning materials and courses , or salary ladders based strictly on skill level .
Granted , the model is not 100 % objective , but it ’s much better than many ‘ fluffy ’ assessment tools I ’ve seen around .
The Dreyfus model gives us a no - nonsense way to assess and compare skill levels in many contexts .
We could use it to design better learning materials and courses , or salary ladders based strictly on skill level .
Granted , the model is not 100 % objective , but it ’s much better than many ‘ fluffy ’ assessment tools I ’ve seen around .
Pair up mentors and apprentices effectively .
I ’ve seen a big misconception many times , which is that the better you are at a skill the better mentor you ’ll be .
Not at all !
In fact , experts can be the worst possible mentors , as they may lack the language ( not to mention the patience ) to deal with novices .
It ’s usually better to pair up people who are not more than two levels apart .
That way , the mentor has significantly more experience than the apprentice , and can also hark back to the time he was an apprentice himself .
A Book Recommendation
Most of the ideas in this article were taken from the book Pragmatic Thinking and Learning , which is my new all - time - favorite ‘ how - to - use - your - brain ’ kind of book .
If you ’re interested in more details on the Dreyfus model , as well as many techniques and practical concepts for brain development , I highly recommend you to grab a copy .
( Note :
The book is marketed for software developers , but I found it ’s highly readable and useful for ‘ normal people ’ as well ) 😉
Related Posts
