In 1982 , my family took delivery of the very first IBM - PC in Israel .
We actually went down to the warehouse and waited while our PC was delivered from the port .
Somehow , I convinced my dad to get the fully - decked out version , with two floppy disks , 128 K memory , and both a dot - matrix printer ( for fast drafts ) and a Brother Letter - Quality Daisy
Wheel printer , which sounds exactly like a machine gun when it is operating , only louder .
I think we got almost every accessory available : PC - DOS 1.0 , the $ 75 technical reference manual with a complete source code listing of the BIOS , Macro Assembler , and the stunning IBM Monochrome display with a full 80 columns and … lower case letters !
The whole thing cost about $ 10,000 including Israel ’s then - ridiculous import taxes .
Extravagant !
Now , “ everybody ” knew that BASIC was a children ’s language that requires you to write spaghetti code and turns your brain into Camembert cheese .
So we shelled out $ 600 for IBM Pascal , which came on three floppy diskettes .
The compiler ’s first pass was on the first diskette , the second pass was on the second diskette , and the linker was on the third diskette .
I wrote a simple “ hello , world ” program and compiled it .
Total time elapsed : 8 minutes .
Hmm .
That ’s a long time .
I wrote a batch file to automate the process and shaved it down to 7 1/2 minutes .
Better .
But when I tried to write long programs like my stunning version of Othello which always beat me , I spent most of the time waiting for compiles .
“ Yep , ” a professional programmer told me , “ we used to keep a sit - up board in the office and do sit-ups while we were doing compiles .
After a few months of programming I had killer abs . ”
One day , a spiffy program called Compas Pascal appeared from Denmark , which Philippe Kahn bought and renamed Borland Turbo Pascal .
Turbo Pascal was sort of shocking , since it basically did everything that IBM Pascal did , only it ran in about 33 K of memory including the text editor .
This was nothing short of astonishing .
Even more astonishing was the fact that you could compile a small program in less than one second .
It ’s as if a company you had never heard of introduced a clone of the Buick LeSabre which could go 1,000,000 MPH and drive around the world on so little gasoline than an ant could drink it without getting sick .
Suddenly , I became much more productive .
That ’s when I learned about the concept of the REP loop .
REP stands for “ Read , Eval , Print ” , and it describes what a lisp interpreter does for a living : it “ reads ” your input , evaluates it , and prints the result .
An example of the REP loop is shown below : I type something , and the lisp interpreter reads it , evaluates it , and prints the result .
On a slightly larger scale , when you ’re writing code , you are in a macro-version of the REP loop called the Edit - Compile - Test loop .
You edit your code , compile it , test it , and see how well it works .
A crucial observation here is that you have to run through the loop again and again to write a program , and so it follows that the faster the Edit - Compile - Test loop , the more productive you will be , down to a natural limit of instantaneous compiles .
That ’s the formal , computer - science -y reason that computer programmers want really fast hardware and compiler developers will do anything they can to get super - fast Edit - Compile - Test loops .
Visual Basic does it by parsing and lex-ing each line as you type it , so that the final compile can be super - quick .
Visual C++ does it by providing incremental compiles , precompiled headers , and incremental linking .
But as soon as you start working on a larger team with multiple developers and testers , you encounter the same loop again , writ larger ( it ’s fractal , dude ! ) .
A tester finds a bug in the code , and reports the bug .
The programmer fixes the bug .
How long does it take before the tester gets the fixed version of the code ?
In some development organizations , this Report - Fix - Retest loop can take a couple of weeks , which means the whole organization is running unproductively .
To keep the whole development process running smoothly , you need to focus on getting the Report - Fix - Retest loop tightened .
One good way to do this is with daily builds .
A daily build is an automatic , daily , complete build of the entire source tree .
Automatic – because you set up the code to be compiled at a fixed time every day , using cron jobs ( on UNIX ) or the scheduler service ( on Windows ) .
Daily – or even more often .
It ’s tempting to do continuous builds , but you probably can’t , because of source control issues which I ’ll talk about in a minute .
Complete – chances are , your code has multiple versions .
Multiple language versions , multiple operating systems , or a high - end / low - end version .
The daily build needs to build all of them .
And it needs to build every file from scratch , not relying on the compiler ’s possibly imperfect incremental rebuild capabilities .
Here are some of the many benefits of daily builds :
When a bug is fixed , testers get the new version quickly and can retest to see if the bug was really fixed .
Developers can feel more secure that a change they made is n’t going to break any of the 1024 versions of the system that get produced , without actually having an OS / 2 box on their desk to test on .
Developers who check in their changes right before the scheduled daily build know that they are n’t going to hose everybody else by checking in something which “ breaks the build ” — that is , something that causes nobody to be able to compile .
This is the equivalent of the Blue Screen of Death for an entire programming team , and happens a lot when a programmer forgets to add a new file they created to the repository .
The build runs fine on their machines , but when anyone else checks out , they get linker errors and are stopped cold from doing any work .
Outside groups like marketing , beta customer sites , and so forth who need to use the immature product can pick a build that is known to be fairly stable and keep using it for a while .
By maintaining an archive of all daily builds , when you discover a really strange , new bug and you have no idea what ’s causing it , you can use binary search on the historical archive to pinpoint when the bug first appeared in the code .
Combined with good source control , you can probably track down which check - in caused the problem .
When a tester reports a problem that the programmer thinks is fixed , the tester can say which build they saw the problem in .
Then the programmer looks at when he checked in the fix and figure out whether it ’s really fixed .
Here ’s how to do them .
You need a daily build server , which will probably be the fastest computer you can get your hands on .
Write a script which checks out a complete copy of the current source code from the repository ( you are using source control , are n’t you ? ) and then builds , from scratch , every version of the code that you ship .
If you have an installer or setup program , build that too .
Everything you ship to customers should be produced by the daily build process .
Put each build in its own directory , coded by date .
Run your script at a fixed time every day .
It ’s crucial that everything it takes to make a final build is done by the daily build script , from checking out the code up to and including putting the bits up on a web server in the right place for the public to download ( although during the development process , this will be a test server , of course ) .
That ’s the only way to insure that there is nothing about the build process that is only “ documented ” in one person ’s head .
You never get into a situation where you ca n’t release a product because only Shaniqua knows how to create the installer , and she was hit by a bus .
On the Juno team , the only thing you needed to know to create a full build from scratch was where the build server was , and how to double - click on its “ Daily Build ” icon .
it takes to make a final build is done by the daily build script , from checking out the code up to and including putting the bits up on a web server in the right place for the public to download ( although during the development process , this will be a test server , of course ) .
That ’s the only way to insure that there is about the build process that is only “ documented ” in one person ’s head .
You never get into a situation where you ca n’t release a product because only Shaniqua knows how to create the installer , and she was hit by a bus .
On the Juno team , the only thing you needed to know to create a full build from scratch was where the build server was , and how to double - click on its “ Daily Build ” icon .
There is nothing worse for your sanity then when you are trying to ship the code , and there ’s one tiny bug , so you fix that one tiny bug right on the daily build server and ship it .
As a golden rule , you should only ship code that has been produced by a full , clean daily build that started from a complete checkout .
, so you fix that one tiny bug right on the daily build server and ship it .
As a golden rule , you should only ship code that has been produced by a full , clean daily build that started from a complete checkout .
Set your compilers to maximum warning level ( - W4 in Microsoft ’s world ; - Wall in gcc land ) and set them to stop if they encounter even the smallest warning .
If a daily build is broken , you run the risk of stopping the whole team .
Stop everything and keep rebuilding until it ’s fixed .
Some days , you may have multiple daily builds .
Your daily build script should report failures , via email , to the whole development team .
It ’s not too hard to grep the logs for “ error ” or “ warning ” and include that in the email , too .
The script can also append status reports to an HTML page visible to everyone so programmers and testers can quickly determine which builds were successful .
One rule we followed on the Microsoft Excel team , to great effect , was that whoever broke the build became responsible for babysitting builds until somebody else broke it .
In addition to serving as a clever incentive to keep the build working , it rotated almost everybody through the job of buildmaster so everybody learned about how builds are produced .
If your team works in one time zone , a good time to do builds is at lunchtime .
That way everybody checks in their latest code right before lunch , the build runs while they ’re eating , and when they get back , if the build is broken , everybody is around to fix it .
As soon as the build is working everybody can check out the latest version without fear that they will be hosed due to a broken build .
If your team is working in two time zones , schedule the daily build so that the people in one time zone do n’t hose the people in the other time zone .
On the Juno team , the New York people would check things in at 7 PM New York time and go home .
If they broke the build , the Hyderabad , India team would get into work ( at about 8 PM New York Time ) and be completely stuck for a whole day .
We started doing two daily builds , about an hour before each team went home , and completely solved that problem .
For Further Reading :
ZFS : Ten reasons to reformat your hard drives
Last Updated on June 10 , 2008
The much anticipated release of the new ZFS filesystem in Solaris 10 will revolutionize the way system administrators ( and executives ) think about and work with filesystems .
Breaking free of the traditional volume or partition architecture , ZFS combines scalability and flexibility while providing a simple command interface .
Coined by Sun as the “ last word in filesystems , ” ZFS is already being ported to several Linux distributions and Mac OSX .
Designed to have at least a 30 year shelf life , this filesystem will make waves with its upcoming release in Solaris 10 .
We ’ve been playing with ZFS for several months and have written some recipes about its basic administration .
Here are ten reasons why you ’ll want to reformat all of your systems and use ZFS .
1 . So easy your mom could administer it
ZFS is administered by two commands , zpool and zfs .
Most tasks typically require a single command to accomplish .
And the commands are designed to make sense .
For example , check out the commands to place a quota on its size .
2. Honkin ’ big filesystems
How big do filesystems need to be ?
In a world where 640 KB is certainly not enough for computer memory , current filesystems have reached or are reaching the end of their usefulness .
A 64 - bit filesystem would meet today ’s need , but estimate of the lifetime of a 64 - bit filesystem is about 10 years .
Extending to 128 - bits gives ZFS an expected lifetime of 30 years ( UFS , for comparison , is about 20 years old ) .
So how much data can you squeeze into a 128 - bit filesystem ?
16 exabytes or 18 million terabytes .
How many files can you cram into a ZFS filesystem ?
200 million million .
Could anyone use a fileystem that large ?
No , not really .
The topic has roused discussions about boiling the oceans if a real life storage unit that size was powered on .
It may not be necessary to have 128 bits , but it does n’t hurt and we wo n’t have to worry about running out of addressable space .
3. Filesystem , heal thyself
ZFS employs 256 bit checksums end - to - end to validate data stored under its protection .
Most filesystems ( and you know who you are ) depend on the underlying hardware to detect corrupted data and then can only nag about it if they get such a message .
Every block in a ZFS filesystem has a checksum associated with it .
If ZFS detects a checksum mismatch on a raidz or mirrored filesystem , it will actively reconstruct the block from the available redundancy and go on about its job .
4. fsck off , fsck
fsck has been voted out of the house .
We do n’t need it anymore .
Because ZFS data are always consistent on disk , do n’t be afraid to yank out those power cords if you feel like it .
Your ZFS filesystems will never require you to enter the superuser password for maintenance mode .
5. Compress to your heart ’s content
I ’ve always been a proponent of optional and appropriate compression in filesystems .
There are some data that are well suited to compression such as server logs .
Many people get ruffled up over this topic , although I suspect that they were once burned by doublespace munching up an important document .
When thoughtfully used , ZFS compression can improve disk I/O which is a common bottleneck .
ZFS compression can be turned on for individual filesystems or hierarchies with a very easy single command .
6. Unconstrained architecture
UFS and other filesystems use a constrained model of fixed partitions or volumes , each filesystem having a set amount of available disk space .
ZFS uses a pooled storage model .
This is a significant departure from the traditional concept of filesystems .
Many current production systems may have a single digit number of filesystems and adding or manipulating existing filesystems in such an environment is difficult .
In ZFS , mounted in different places in the host filesystem .
7 . Grow filesystems without green thumb
If your pool becomes overcrowded , you can grow it .
With one command .
On a live production system .
Enough said .
8. Dynamic striping
On by default , dynamic striping automatically includes all deivces in a pool in writes simultaneously ( stripe width spans all the avaiable media ) .
This will speed up the I/O on systems with multiple paths to storage by load balancing the I/O on all of the paths .
9 . The term “ raidz ” sounds so l33t
The new RAID - Z redundant storage model replaces RAID - 5 and improves upon it .
RAID - Z does not suffer from the “ write hole ” in which a stripe of data becomes corrupt because of a loss of power during the vulnerable period between writing the data and the parity .
RAID -Z , like RAID - 5 , can survive the loss of one disk .
A future release is planned using the keyword raidz2 which can tolerate the loss of two disks .
Perhaps the best feature is that creating a raidz pool is crazy simple .
10 . Clones with no ethical issues
The simple creation of restored to the original filesystem to return to the previous state .
Snapshots can be written to other storage ( disk , tape ) , transferred to another system , and converted back into a filesystem .
More information
For more information , check out Sun ’s official ZFS page and the detailed OpenSolaris community ZFS information .
If you want to take ZFS out for a test drive , the latest version of Solaris Express has it built in and ready to go .
Download it here .
Here are 20 things you can do to make your apache configuration more secure .
Disclaimer :
The thing about security is that there are no guarantees or absolutes .
These suggestions should make your server a bit tighter , but do n't think your server is necessarily secure after following these suggestions .
Additionally some of these suggestions may decrease performance , or cause problems due to your environment .
It is up to you to determine if any of the changes I suggest are not compatible with your requirements .
In other words proceed at your own risk .
First , make sure you 've installed latest security patches
There is no sense in putting locks on the windows , if your door is wide open .
As such , if you 're not patched up there is n't really much point in continuing any longer on this list .
Go ahead and bookmark this page so you can come back later , and patch your server .
You 'll need a way to know when new Apache Server vulnerabilities are published .
I like to use stack .
watch to notify me when new Apache httpd server vulnerabilities are published .
The service is free , and will send you an email whenever new vulnerabilities exist .
Hide the Apache Version number , and other sensitive information .
By default many Apache installations tell the world what version of Apache you 're running , what operating system / version you 're running , and even what Apache Modules are installed on the server .
Attackers can use this information to their advantage when performing an attack .
It also sends the message that you have left most defaults alone .
There are two directives that you need to add , or edit in your httpd .
conf file :
ServerSignature Off ServerTokens Prod
The ServerSignature appears on the bottom of pages generated by apache such as 404 pages , directory listings , etc .
The ServerTokens directive is used to determine what Apache will put in the Server HTTP response header .
By setting it to Prod it sets the HTTP response header as follows :
Server : Apache
If you 're super paranoid you could change this to something other than " Apache " by editing the source code , or by using mod_security ( see below ) .
Make sure apache is running under its own user account and group
Several apache installations have it run as the user nobody .
So suppose both Apache , and your mail server were running as nobody an attack through Apache may allow the mail server to also be compromised , and vise versa .
User apache Group apache
Ensure that files outside the web root are not served
We do n't want apache to be able to access any files out side of its web root .
So assuming all your web sites are placed under one directory ( we will call this / web ) , you would set it up as follows :
< Directory /> Order Deny , Allow Deny from all Options None AllowOverride None </ Directory > < Directory / web > Order Allow , Deny Allow from all </ Directory >
Note that because we set Options None and AllowOverride None this will turn off all options and overrides for the server .
You now have to add them explicitly for each directory that requires an Option or Override .
Turn off directory browsing
You can do this with an Options directive inside a Directory tag .
Set Options to either None or - Indexes
Options - Indexes
Turn off server side includes
This is also done with the Options directive inside a Directory tag .
Set Options to either None or - Includes
Options - Includes
Turn off CGI execution
If you 're not using CGI turn it off with the Options directive inside a Directory tag .
Set Options to either None or - ExecCGI
Options - ExecCGI
Do n't allow apache to follow symbolic links
This can again can be done using the Options directive inside a Directory tag .
Set Options to either None or - FollowSymLinks
Options - FollowSymLinks
Turning off multiple Options
If you want to turn off all Options simply use :
Options None
If you only want to turn off some separate each option with a space in your Options directive :
Options - ExecCGI -FollowSymLinks - Indexes
Turn off support for .htaccess files
This is done in a Directory tag but with the AllowOverride directive .
Set it to None .
AllowOverride None
If you require Overrides ensure that they cannot be downloaded , and / or change the name to something other than .htaccess .
For example we could change it to .httpdoverride , and block all files that start with .ht from being downloaded as follows :
AccessFileName .httpdoverride < Files ~ " ^\.ht " >
Order allow , deny Deny from all Satisfy All </ Files >
Run mod_security
mod_security is a super handy Apache module written by Ivan Ristic , the author of Apache Security from O'Reilly press .
You can do the following with mod_security :
Simple filtering
Regular Expression based filtering
URL Encoding Validation
Unicode Encoding Validation
Auditing
Null byte attack prevention
Upload memory limits
Server identity masking
Built in Chroot support
And more
Disable any unnecessary modules
Apache typically comes with several modules installed .
Go through the apache module documentation and learn what each module you have enabled actually does .
Many times you will find that you do n't need to have the said module enabled .
Look for lines in your httpd.conf that contain LoadModule .
To disable the module you can typically just add a # at the beginning of the line .
To search for modules run :
grep LoadModule httpd.conf
Here are some modules that are typically enabled but often not needed : mod_imap , mod_include , mod_info , mod_userdir , mod_status , mod_cgi , mod_autoindex .
Make sure only root has read access to apache 's config and binaries
This can be done assuming your apache installation is located at /usr / local / apache as follows :
chown - R root : root /usr / local / apache chmod - R o-rwx /usr / local / apache
Lower the Timeout value
By default the Timeout directive is set to 300 seconds .
You can decrease help mitigate the potential effects of a denial of service attack .
Timeout 45
Limiting large requests
Apache has several directives that allow you to limit the size of a request , this can also be useful for mitigating the effects of a denial of service attack .
A good place to start is the LimitRequestBody directive .
This directive is set to unlimited by default .
If you are allowing file uploads of no larger than 1MB , you could set this setting to something like :
LimitRequestBody 1048576
If you 're not allowing file uploads you can set it even smaller .
Some other directives to look at are LimitRequestFields , LimitRequestFieldSize and LimitRequestLine .
These directives are set to a reasonable defaults for most servers , but you may want to tweak them to best fit your needs .
See the documentation for more info .
Limiting the size of an XML Body
If you 're running mod_dav ( typically used with subversion ) then you may want to limit the max size of an XML request body .
The LimitXMLRequestBody directive is only available on Apache 2 , and its default value is 1 million bytes ( approx 1 mb ) .
Many tutorials will have you set this value to 0 which means files of any size may be uploaded , which may be necessary if you 're using WebDAV to upload large files , but if you 're simply using it for source control , you can probably get away with setting an upper bound , such as 10 mb :
LimitXMLRequestBody 10485760
Limiting Concurrency
Apache has several configuration settings that can be used to adjust handling of concurrent requests .
The MaxClients is the maximum number of child processes that will be created to serve requests .
This may be set too high if your server does n't have enough memory to handle a large number of concurrent requests .
Other directives such as MaxSpareServers , MaxRequestsPerChild , and on Apache2 ThreadsPerChild , ServerLimit , and MaxSpareThreads are important to adjust to match your operating system , and hardware .
Restricting Access by IP
If you have a resource that should only by accessed by a certain network , or IP address you can enforce this in your apache configuration .
For instance if you want to restrict access to your intranet to allow only the 176.16 network :
Order Deny , Allow Deny from all Allow from 176.16.0.0/16
Or by IP :
Order Deny , Allow Deny from all Allow from 127.0.0.1
Adjusting KeepAlive settings
According to the Apache documentation using HTTP Keep Alive 's can improve client performance by as much as 50 % , so be careful before changing these settings , you will be trading performance for a slight denial of service mitigation .
KeepAlive's are turned on by default and you should leave them on , but you may consider changing the MaxKeepAliveRequests which defaults to 100 , and the KeepAliveTimeout which defaults to 15 .
Analyze your log files to determine the appropriate values .
Run Apache in a Chroot environment
chroot allows you to run a program in its own isolated jail .
This prevents a break in on one service from being able to effect anything else on the server .
It can be fairly tricky to set this up using chroot due to library dependencies .
I mentioned above that the mod_security module has built in chroot support .
It makes the process as simple as adding a mod_security directive to your configuration :
SecChrootDir / chroot / apache
There are however some caveats however , so check out the mod_security docs for more info .
Acknowledgments
I have found the book Apache Security to be a highly valuable resource for securing an apache web server .
Some of the suggestions listed above were inspired by this book .
Suggestions
Please post any suggestions , caveats , or corrections in the comments and I will update the post if necessary .
OK , I 'll make this short and sweet .
Here 's a screencast of me building a super simple blog in Seaside in 15 minutes , similar to the Ruby demo screencast .
I use two frameworks here , Seaside , and Magritte , with a few custom extensions to my code browser to generate accessors with Magritte descriptions for me .
I tossed in a few required fields , and one business rule about duplicate post titles , to demo Magritte 's abilities .
I used the image for persistence , something I think greatly enhances development speed and enables rapid prototyping in a pure OO fashion ; something you can't do if you 're futzing around with database mappings and schemas .
This is my first time using screencast software , so there 's no sound , and everything is real time , I did n't edit or speedup the video .
I used a freeware capture program called CamStudio , it 's very simple and does n't allow editing .
In the future , I think I 'm going to need to find some better screencast software , the whole experience was a bit painful , but this will do for now .
If anyone knows any better free screencast software or formats to use , drop me a line .
UPDATE : The screencast is now in Quicktime and only 7 megs thanks to a reader Manuel Blanc re-encoding it for me .
UPDATE : In the video , I use a method called #contains : on the BlogPost collection , this method comes from the Refactoring Browser and is for compatibility with Visual Works .
It may not be in your image , the equivalent Squeak method is # anySatisify : which #contains : simply delegates to .
UPDATE : For anyone who'd like an explanation of what I 'm doing , Kevin Kleinfelter was kind enough to transcribe all the steps as if I 'd done a voice over .
Operators and Helper Functions upper / lower case is arbitrary + - * : /
( ) [ ] {} Plus , minus , multiplication , division , grouping symbols .
Multiplication sign * is not necessary and can be omitted .
Examples : 0.5x ^3 - 3 x or pixeln ( 2 cos [ LN2x ] ) or Pipi / ( Exe ) Using different types of grouping symbols ( parentheses , brackets , braces ) for clarity of nested expressions is optional , but not necessary .
base ^exponent
or
p ( base , exponent ) Exponentiation baseexponent , for example p( x, 2 ) or x ^2 .
Instead of ^ you can also type a single quote ' or a double quote " .
If you do n't use p( ) , make sure that bases or exponents composed by sub-expressions such as additions , subtractions , multiplications or divisions , are clearly marked off by being completely enclosed into parentheses , brackets or braces .
Example : ( x/3 ) ^( 2x ) .
Instead of x " 3 , of course , you can also enter xxx .
Or , instead of tan (x ) ' 2 you may type tan ( x ) tan ( x ) .
root ( arg , index ) " index - th " root of argument .
Example : root ( x,6 ) sixth root of x , root [ tan ( x ) , 4 ] fourth root of the tangent of x. sqrt ( )
Square root of argument ( number or expression inside the parentheses ) .
Equivalent to root ( argument , 2 ) cbrt ( )
Cube root of argument .
Equivalent to root ( argument ,3 ) logn ( arg , base ) Logarithm base - base of arg .
ln ()
Natural logarithm of argument ( base - E logarithm of argument where E is Euler 's constant ) lg ( )
Logarithm base - 10 of argument , equivalent to logn ( argument , 10 ) . lb ()
Logarithm base - 2 of argument .
exp () Exponential Function E to the power of argument , equivalent to E^argument sin ( ) Sine of argument cos () Cosine tan () Tangent cot () Cotangent sec ()
Secant of argument , equiv. to 1 / cos( arg ) .
csc() Cosecant , equiv. to 1 / sin( arg ) . asin () Arc sine acos ( ) Arc cosine atan ( ) Arc tangent acot ( ) Arc cotangent asec ( )
Arc secant , inverse secant .
acsc ()
Arc cosecant , inverse cosecant .
sinh ( ) Hyperbolic sine , Sinus hyperbolicus cosh ( ) Hyperbolic cosine , Cosinus hyperbolicus tanh ( ) Hyperbolic tangent , Tangens hyperbolicus coth ( )
Hyperbolic cotangent , Cotangens hyperbolicus sech ( )
Hyperbolic secant , Secans hyperbolicus .
csch ()
Hyperbolic cosecant , Cosecans hyperbolicus .
asinh ( ) Area sine , Area sinus hyperbolicus , inverse sinh ( ) .
acosh ( ) Area cosine , Area cosinus hyperbolicus , inverse cosh ( ) .
atanh ( )
Area tangent , Area tangens hyperbolicus , inverse tanh ( ) .
acoth ( )
Area cotangent , Area cotangens hyperbolicus , inverse cotanh ( ) .
asech ( ) Area- secant , Area secans hyperbolicus , inverse sech ( ) .
acsch ( ) Area- cosecant , Area cosecans hyperbolicus , inverse csch ( ) . gaussd ( x , mean , sigma ) Gaussian distribution ( " Bell Curve " ) . gaussd ( x, 0,1 ) , by the way , is the special case " Normal distribution density with mean - value=0 , standard - deviation=1 " .
min(arg1 , arg2 )
Returns the lesser of the two arguments max ( arg1 , arg2 ) Returns the greater of the two arguments round ( )
Rounds argument up or down to the closest integer floor ( )
Rounds arg down .
ceil ( )
Rounds arg up. abs ( ) or | | Absolute value of argument .
Example : 2 abs ( sin[x ] ) or alternatively 2 | sin( x ) | . sgn () Sign Function .
sgn(x ) = 1 for x > 0 0 for x = 0 - 1 for x < 0
Predefined Constants , Values upper / lower case is arbitrary rand Random number between 0 und 1 .
Example :
pi*rand * sin(x ) or even Pirandsin( x ) .
E Euler 's constant 2.718281828459045 ... LN2
Natural logarithm of 2 , is 0.6931471805599453 ... LN10 Natural logarithm of 10 , is 2.302585092994046 ... LOG2E
Base - 2 logarithm of E ( E : see above ) , is 1.4426950408889633 ... LOG10E Base - 10 logarithmus of E , is 0.4342944819032518 ... PHI Golden Ratio 1.61803398874989 ... PI 3.141592653589793 ... SQRT1_2 Square root of 1/2 , is 0.7071067811865476 ... SQRT2
Square root of 2 , is 1.4142135623730951 ...
Notes
Enter functions in standard mathematical notation , using x as independent variable .
As evident from the examples on this page , arguments to helper functions must be enclosed into parentheses ( or braces or brackets ) .
Grouping symbols such as parentheses , and helper functions may be arbitrarily deeply nested .
Examples :
cos[atan ( 5 x ) ^4 ] or sqrt{16*[1-sec( x ) ^2/4 ] }
The function plotter engine follows the common rules of math .
notation and order of operation ; for example , expressions inside parentheses have increased precedence , * and / have higher precedence than + and - , etc. .
In case no grouping symbols are used , 2 * x - 3/ x evaluates as if it were ( 2*x ) - ( 3/ x ) .
Since horizontal fraction lines are n't available to clearly mark off fraction expressions composed by sub-expressions , is is recommended to insert numerator and denominator each completely into parentheses ( or brackets or braces ) .
For example , type in pi-( 5 - x ) / ( 3x ) * acoth ( x ) instead of pi-5 - x / 3 x * acoth ( x ) which otherwise would evaluate to pi-5 -( x /3 ) * x* acoth ( x ) .
Upper and lower case may be arbitrarily used and mixed , even for predefined constants .
Spaces may be used for clarity as you wish , but neither help nor harm ; the program engine ignores them .
Range of x ( x min to x max ) should not extend beyond minus 1012 and plus 1012 .
Range of y ( y min to y max ) is optional ; if not specified , the function - grapher engine tries to evaluate it for the specified x range .
Multiple Functions at Once
You may enter up to 5 functions simultaneously , each terminated by a semicolon .
Of course building the diagram then will take more time , possibly several seconds .
Example ( you may copy it into the function input ) :
sqrt [ 16*( 1-x² /2 ) ] ;
- sqrt [ 16 *(1-x² /2 ) ] ;
sqrt [2*(1-x²/16 ) ] ;
- sqrt[2*(1-x²/16 ) ]
Tara Krapes StoryTara Krapes , 33 , has a business that made at least $ 2.5 million in sales by the end of 2004 .
Not bad , considering she began her company in 2002 with $ 1,050 from her own savings .
Vesta Executive Housing , based in Cincinnati and named for the Roman goddess of hearth and home , offers executives temporary housing for 30 days or more .
Krapes has relationships with 42 top - notch apartment complexes in the area .
When a client comes to Vesta , Krapes either has space ready for them , or , more often than not , she has to lease a new apartment for 12 months and hope that after her tenant leaves , she can fill it quickly .
She almost always does — she currently has zero vacancies .
It seems impossible that she could have funded this business — with 12 employees and a second office in Lexington , Kentucky — with a paltry grand .
Until you learn how she did it .
It helped that Krapes had experience in her field already .
All she needed was one customer to begin , she figured .
Once she found one , she signed a lease at an upscale apartment complex and paid the first month 's rent — $ 1,050 .
From then on , whenever she worked with any client , she always asked for the money upfront .
Krapes would invest the money back into her business by purchasing furniture and other necessities for the living quarters or her company .
And the more apartments she would rent from a complex , the cheaper the rent and the more revenue her company could pocket .
But most important , by coming up with a formula that allowed her to always get her money first , she says , " We avoided cash flow problems .
From that $ 1,050 , we 've been able to grow very fast .
We 've never had any debt or loans . "
Krapes quickly took on two partners , Paul Pelnar , 39 , and Joel Makela , 30 , friends and colleagues who both had experience that she did n't .
They were also able to contribute some other items , like computer equipment , but no money .
" Eighty - five percent of people get their money from savings or the three F's : family , friends and fools , " says Sutton Landry , director of Northern Kentucky University 's Small Business Development Center in Highland Heights , Kentucky .
" For the [ others ] , some kind of bank loan is involved .
Very few people get VC funding or angel funding .
" If you 're wondering what the " slam - dunk qualifications " are for getting a big bank loan , Landry reels some of them off : " Typically , it 's someone who is between the ages of 35 and 50 , college - educated , and who has a net worth of a quarter of a million dollars — plus a Beacon [ credit ] score of 700 - plus — with a business plan .
It almost does n't matter how good the business plan is , as long as they have one .
Ideally , they 're going into a business where they have five to 10 years of experience — half of it in management .
Most banks will look at that type of profile , do the credit scoring , and say ' Yeah , these people would rather die than not pay a loan back .
'" But what if you 're 26 , utterly broke , and wishing you had gotten an MBA instead of a degree in American folklore ?
Landry says if your credit is halfway decent , you might be able to find somebody to cosign a loan — and " you 'll need a business plan , a good business plan , " he says .
Beyond that , you 're simply going to have to rely on that can - do spirit .
" Starting your own business involves sacrifice , " says Landry .
" Unfortunately , we 're not a society that 's much interested in sacrifice .
But on a practical side , that 's how most startup businesses begin .
They start part time , and they 're constantly re-investing money into the business .
It 's the same model that a lot of immigrants have when they come to this country , where people work three jobs to build the savings they need .
But instead of getting a second job , you 're running your business in the evenings and on weekends .
" Krapes echoes that thought .
She had one serious cash crunch when she discovered how few people need housing during the end - of - the - year holidays : " We did n't pay ourselves for a few months .
" More on this subject
Glenn Greenwald suggests that this is correct because the DOJ 's failure to address the merits should be seen as a tacit admission that the ACLU 's position is correct ; this seems quite bizarre to me , as surely the assertion of a legal privilege as to why a question should not be answered does not constitute an admission .
i.e .
Arguably , this gave the defendants an opportunity to present evidence to defeat the summary judgment motion , and they chose not to take it .
i.e .
UPDATE
At the rate things are going , Judge Anna Diggs Taylor is going to be due a serious apology some time soon , if she is n't due one already .
It turns out many of the " experts " who were widely cited to support the attacks on Judge Taylor 's opinion were actually themselves quite misinformed about the basic matters governing her rulings .
Here , for instance , is a post from Orin Kerr which reflects a deep misunderstanding of the issues which Judge Taylor ruled on .
I 'm not trying to single him out .
To the contrary , he 's been commendably candid about his lack of expertise in ( I would even say knowledge of ) how civil litigation works ( a modesty and candor which many lack ) .
Yet despite his self - professed unfamiliarity with civil litigation , he was one of the most widely - quoted law professors by those wanting to disparage the quality of Judge Taylor 's opinion , and the result of his lack of relevant knowledge ( about both civil litigation rules generally and the events in this case ) were some plainly misguided attacks .
In his post , Kerr responds to a point I ( and others ) have made -- that a principal reason why Judge Taylor was somewhat conclusory in her analysis of some issues , and the reason she repeatedly said that certain propositions were " undisputed , " is because the Bush administration either failed or chose not to dispute them .
Specifically , the Justice Department was so intent on telling the Judge that she had no right to even rule on these issues ( because the NSA program is a " state secret , " the legality of which the court cannot adjudicate without damaging national security and / or because the plaintiffs lack " standing " ) , that it basically chose not to address the merits of the plaintiffs ' case at all .
Indeed , as I wrote about here at the time it happened , the DoJ twice tried to convince Judge Taylor not to rule on the substance of the ACLU 's claim , but instead to rule first on the DoJ 's " state secrets " argument .
Twice , the court refused this request , ordering the DoJ to address the merits of the case ( this Comment to Kerr 's post , documents the case 's procedural history ) .
But the DoJ essentially refused to do so , and devoted almost all of its brief ( .pdf ) to arguing why the court lacked the power to adjudicate these issues , and almost none of its brief to arguing about the issues themselves .
As Marty Lederman put it once he read the DoJ's Brief : it " did not quite advance or support in any detail that argument -- or any other merits argument , for that matter .
" As this excellent Comment to Kerr 's post reflects , the Bush administration 's refusal to address the merits of the claims ( which is part and parcel of its general contempt for the role of the courts in scrutinizing its conduct ) meant that Judge Taylor was not only entitled , but was required by the Rules of Civil Procedure ( Rule 56 ) , to treat the ACLU 's factual claims as undisputed for purposes of deciding the motion .
But plainly , Kerr -- when issuing his widely cited condemnations of the court 's ruling -- had no idea ( a ) that any of this ( meaning the case 's procedural history ) had happened and ( b ) that on a Motion for Summary Judgment ( which is what the ACLU filed and the court decided ) , the most basic rule is that any fact that one party fails to dispute ( with evidence ) shall be deemed " undisputed . "
Thus , in response to the Comment documenting the procedural history , Kerr wrote : " Thanks a TON for the background of the case ; this is very helpful , and I hope to have an update or new post up soon about it . "
And in response to my pointing out the other day that the DoJ 's failure to dispute any of these factual assertions compelled the court to treat them as undisputed , Kerr wrote : But far from being " bizarre , " this proposition -- that facts which a party fails ( for whatever reasons ) to dispute on Summary Judgment are deemed " undisputed " by the court -- is one of the most basic principles of civil litigation in the federal courts , as any federal court litigator would know .
Someone ( such as Kerr ) who is unaware of those rules might find it " bizarre " that the court repeatedly labelled as " undisputed " facts and propositions which Kerr himself might want to dispute , but given the DoJ 's failure to dispute these propositions , the court was required to treat them as such .
How can someone who is ( a ) unfamiliar with the case itself and ( b ) unfamiliar with the rules governing the key issues before the court be cited as the preeminent expert to opine that the court 's opinion is so flawed ?
Then we have University of Wisconsin School of Law Professor Ann Althouse , who wrote a post last night citing to Kerr 's post and declaring that he " seems to be getting at what happened " in this case .
She then points to what she calls " the weird repetition of the strange word ' undisputedly ' throughout the opinion " and -- in bolded letters -- she criticizes the court for not even mentioning the DoJ 's motion for a " stay " ( its request that the court not rule on the substance of the claims until it decides the DoJ 's motion to dismiss on the " state secrets " ground ) .
But then , in an " Update , " Althouse has to correct herself because , apparently , she read the Comment section to Kerr 's post and realized that she was just wrong about what happened -- specifically , that the court did previously deny the DoJ 's request and ordered the DoJ to address the substance of the plaintiffs ' claims .
Learning about the procedural history of this case caused Althouse to write :
In other words , Kerr 's critique ( which Althouse endorsed ) of the court 's opinion is just wrong -- factually wrong .
The court directed the DoJ to address the substance of the claims and the DoJ simply failed and / or refused to do so -- facts which neither Kerr nor Althouse even knew when attacking the court 's opinion .
And there is nothing " arguable " about it -- if one party moves for Summary Judgment and presents competent evidence supporting its factual claims ( as the ACLU indisputably did here ) , and the other party fails to dispute those facts with competent evidence ( as the DoJ indisputably did here ) , then those facts are " undisputed , " by definition .
I seriously doubt based on their commentary that Kerr or Althouse ( and most , though not all , of the other law professor critics ) have been following this case at all .
They do n't seem to be aware of some rather critical events which are indispensable in understanding what the court did here -- or , at least , they were n't aware of those events at the time they were attacking Judge Taylor 's opinion .
What appears to have happened is that they read the opinion on the day it was issued and evaluated it without regard to ( or knowledge of ) the procedural history of the case , the rules of civil litigation , and the arguments advanced by the DoJ -- , they evaluated it the way a law professor would grade an exam or comment on a law review article , not the way a judicial opinion of this type must be understood ( which was part of what Professor Tribe was pointing out the other day ) .
It is true that there are parts of Judge Taylor 's opinion which are surprisingly conclusory , but that does not necessarily make it flawed .
It is amazing to watch virtually everyone who is trying to attack her opinion do so by making arguments which the DoJ never made in the case before her .
A basic familiarity with this case and with the rules of civil procedure -- both of which many of her critics clearly lacked -- would reveal that Judge Taylor 's opinion was infinitely more sound than the conventional wisdom ( thanks to many of these law professors ) now holds that it was .
Finally , for two critical , under - appreciated points concerning Judge Taylor 's decisions , see here : Add Law Professor Geoffrey Stone , former Dean of the University of Chicago Law School and current constitutional law expert , to the list of admirers of Judge Taylor 's opinion .
Professor Stone says that he is " confident Judge Taylor reached the right result " ( emphasis added ; h/t Mona ) , and that it took " a good deal of courage for a judge to hold unlawful a program that the President of the United States maintains is essential to the national security .
" It certainly did -- far more courage than almost anyone else has shown ( in the Congress , the courts or the media ) in the face of the administration 's endless exploitation of terrorism to claim virutally unlimited power .
It looks as though the little conventional wisdom claim that " All of the High Scholarly Distinguished Priests of Legal Wisdom Agree that this Decision is Undignified and Distasteful " is going to have to be re-written .
Some public recanting is in order .
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
How to Search the Invisible Web
by Wendy Boswell
September is in full swing , which means back to school , back to books , back to teacher 's dirty looks - well , hopefully not that last part .
School also means getting back to research papers , especially the super happy fun ten pagers on the environmental impact of Chicago 's wheat exporting industry with footnotes , for example .
The Web has become a big part of most students ' research processes ; in fact , more people look on the Web for answers before checking any other reference .
However , merely " Googling " something when it's an obscure topic or if you need targeted information with a particular focus does n't always turn up the best results .
That 's where the Invisible , or Deep Web , comes in .
What is the Deep Web ?
The term " invisible web " or " deep web " refers to the vast repository of information that search engines and directories do n't have direct access to , like databases at university libraries , sites that require passwords to view , or sites that for some reason do n't want search engines to crawl them .
Unlike pages on the visible Web ( that is , the Web that you can access from search engines and directories ) , information in databases is generally inaccessible to the software spiders and crawlers that create search engine indexes .
Advertisement
If you did n't know already , the Web is big .
Ginormous big .
And while search engines and directories do a pretty good job of indexing a lot of that material , there is a huge chunk that they just cannot wrap their little software -y arms around , and this chunk is the Invisible , Deep , or Cloaked Web .
It sounds pretty mysterious but it 's really not .
Think of it this way : Google , considered by most people in the know to have the largest search database , has about eight billion pages in its index .
Those eight billion pages seem like a lot until you consider that the Deep Web is estimated to be 500 times bigger than the searchable Web .
Multiply 500 by the 8 billion in Google 's index ... plus add in the fact that Google is only indexing a fraction of the searchable Web ( around 250 billion pages are on the Web today ) ... and you 'll get a whole bunch of math that makes my head hurt .
Suffice it to say that the Deep Web is worth looking into .
Advertisement
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
So How Do You Get To The Deep Web ?
There are a couple of ways you can get to the Deep Web .
It 's not that this information is necessarily closed off to users ; it 's just that it 's a bit trickier to tap into .
I 'll pick the topic : the life cycle of Botswana warthogs .
Advertisement
Search Engine Queries
You can use search engines , such as Google and Yahoo , to search the Invisible Web for database information , such as that from a college university or library .
Think of these general search engines as the tool you 're going to initially use to narrow down your search to Invisible Web databases .
My query , " the life cycle of Botswana warthogs " , returned way too many results .
So I truncated it to " warthogs database " instead , and got the following :
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
Advertisement
That 's one of the tricks you can use to find Invisible Web content
just put the word " database " in your query and more often than not you 'll come back lucky .
This Penn State database has more than enough searchable information regarding warthogs than I 'll ever need , plus , it 's an academic , accredited , footnote - able institution .
Way more worthy of a citation than say Billy Bob 's Guide To That Them There Hogs .
Let 's try another query : how about you 're doing an in - depth report on the past ten years of plane crashes in Argentina .
Try a query for " plane crash Argentina " in Yahoo and you 'll get mostly news items , which would take a long time to comb through .
Let 's try this query again : " aviation database " , and then we 'll work our way down to the plane crashes .
( Click on the image for a larger view . )
Advertisement
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
The fifth site on our list is the winner , and that is the NTSB Aviation Accident Database .
It took a bit of work to get there , but with the depth of search and information that this particular database offers , it was worth it .
Advertisement
Invisible Web Gateways
Maybe you do n't want to dink around with finding databases on the Web ; you would like to go straight to the databases themselves .
There are sites that serve as invisible Web " gateways " that will help you do this .
Here are just a few :
Advertisement
The Invisible Web
Untapped Goldmine of Info
Once you start getting more comfortable with finding databases and searching for content , you 'll wonder how you ever got along without knowing about the various poisonous plant databases out there :
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
Advertisement
or perhaps you wo n't be able to get by without your daily dose of cheese .
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
Advertisement
Either way , once you understand that there 's just so much out there , you 'll be hooked .
More Resources for the Invisible Web
Advertisement
Wendy Boswell edits About.com 's Web Search section .
A missing notebook clutched by a Shropshire lad who circumnavigated the globe , returned to Britain , and demolished the Victorian hubris that humans stood alone as the pinnacle of creation is published for the first time today .
The original notebook , which documents Charles Darwin 's observations throughout his five - year voyage to the Amazon , Patagonia and the Pacific aboard HMS Beagle , is presumed stolen , but using a microfilm copy , Cambridge University scientists today make it available free online , along with the entire works of the scientist credited with the most important advance in science of the past 300 years .
The collection brings Darwin 's breathtaking range of writing together for the first time , with 50,000 pages of searchable text , and tens of thousands of images , many from previously unpublished manuscripts , together with notebooks , diaries and original publications such as The Origin of Species , The Voyage of the Beagle ( the Journal of Researches ) and The Descent of Man. Audio versions of key works will be free to download at the project website , darwin-online.org.uk .
" Nowhere possesses this complete collection .
It 's a complete run of his papers which has never been assembled in any form anywhere , " said John van Wyhe , director of The Complete Work of Charles Darwin Online project .
Randal Keynes , Darwin 's great , great grandson , told the Guardian the project fulfilled the Darwin family 's long - standing aim to have all of the scientist 's work available for everyone .
" My Felon Americans : John Kerry and Hillary Clinton Want to Let Criminals Vote "
The 14th Amendment specifically permits states to disfranchise citizens convicted of " participation in rebellion , or other crime . "
In a Wall Street Journal editorial entitled , the Journal kicked into the propaganda mode by wrongfully asserting :
The 14th Amendment does say :
SECTION 2 .
But when the right to vote at any election for the choice of electors for President and Vice President of the United States , Representatives in Congress , the Executive and Judicial officers of a State , or the members of the Legislature thereof , is denied to any of the male inhabitants of such State , being twenty - one years of age , and citizens of the United States , or in any way abridged , except for participation in rebellion , or other crime , the basis of representation therein shall be reduced in the proportion which the number of such male citizens shall bear to the whole number of male citizens twenty - one years of age in such State .
Section 2 , of the 14th is about 130 words , and deals with a burning issue in 1866 : how to " count " the citizens and voters in states that formerly were in rebellion to the Union for purpose of their representation in the Congress of the United States .
The important thing it does is to declare that if some citizens are denied the right to vote for reasons other than they participated in the ( Civil War ) rebellion the number of people in the state calculated for purposes of selecting the number of representatives shall be reduced by the same proportion as the number of Blacks disallowed from voting .
There was a concern that Southern states would deny blacks the right to vote in the post - Civil War South .
What is says any Southern state disenfranchises X amount of blacks will be penalized by a quid pro quo reduction in the same amount of citizens in the reapportionment count .
There was no question but that the Confederate states would be folded back into the Union , but how to do so was a matter of the most extreme delicacy .
One of the huge issues was how you counted citizens .
We know that slaves were originally counted as 3/5 of a person , but once they are declared to be citizens of the US and of their states , they must be counted as 1/1 person .
But do you appoint representatives based on male citizens of voting age ?
OR do you head - count it based or total number of based on male and female who were of voting age ( even though women did n't get the right to vote ) ?
In context , the 14th Amendment was n't even about denying the right to vote to convicted felons it was about enfranchising black voters without the fear of being denied the vote .
There is absolutely no language in the 14th Amendment that empowers individual states to pass laws denying convicted felons of the right to vote .
You have to grudgingly admire the bi-polar idiot / genius of the Republicans :
They have extracted a single esoteric phrase ( " except for participation in rebellion and other crimes " ) from the 14th Amendment passed to protect voting rights and on the basis of that 8 word passage , have transformed a voting rights law into a de facto voting suppression law , just as they have done with photo ID laws .
When you live under the Stupidity Paradigm it emboldens the terrorists , if ask messy questions .
Just close your eyes and trust the guys who marching us straigt toward the edge of the abyss .
If you read the Section 1 . of the 14th Amendment you will discover the true intent of the law before the GOP authorized themselves to use it to keep blacks from voting :
Section 1 .
All persons born or naturalized in the United States , and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside .
No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States ; nor shall any State deprive any person of life , liberty , or property , without due process of law ; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws .
Another " convenient fiction " courtesy of the GOP noise machine .
In the racially colorblind universe of Republican legal reasoning , the plain language of a law can be deconstructed to have any meaning .
It 's similar to the flat - out fiction by conservative fundamentalists that there is no language in the Constitution that separates church from state .
Who cares if the very first sentence to the very first amendment to the Constitution says : Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion .
What part of that unambigous sentence do Republicans fail understand ?
Since these convicted felon statutes passed by states rest on the quicksand foundation of mumbo jumbo legal reasoning , it 's about time John Kerry and Hillary Clinton put an end to this nonsense by sponsoring a bill puts an end to the Republican 's post - modern version Jim Crow laws .
Whatever policy we have about convicted felons voting , it should be uniform over all 50 states .
We can't have some states refusing the franchise to convicted felons and others allowing convicted felons to vote .
The biggest problem with banning convicted felons from voting is there is n't an accurate list of convicted felons in any state .
Felon lists are generated by private sector contractors
The Miami Herald wrote this about James Lee , president of DBT , the private contractor that was hired by the state of Florida to generate a felon 's list for the 2000 presidential election :
On April 17 2001 , James Lee testified , before the McKinney panel , that the state had given DBT the directive to add to the purge list people who matched at least 90 % of a last name .
DBT objected , knowing that this would produce a huge number of false positives ( non-felons ) .
Lee went on saying that the state then ordered DBT to shift to an even lower threshold of 80 % match , allowing also names to be reversed ( thus a person named Thomas Clarence could be taken to be the same as Clarence Thomas ) .
Besides this , middle initials were skipped , Jr. and Sr. suffixes dropped , and some nicknames and aliases were added to puff up the list .
" DBT told state officials " , testified Lee , " that the rules for creating the [ purge ] list would mean a significant number of people who were not deceased , not registered in more than one county , or not a felon , would be included on the list .
DBT made suggestions to reduce the numbers of eligible voters included on the list " .
According to Lee , to this suggestion the state told the company , " Forget about it " . "
The people who worked on this ( for DBT ) are very adamant ... they told them what would happen " , said Lee .
" The state expected the county supervisors to be the failsafe . "
Lee said his company will never again get involved in cleansing voting rolls .
" We are not confident any of the methods used today can guarantee legal voters will not be wrongfully denied the right to vote " , Lee told a group of Atlanta - area black lawmakers in March 2001 .
I 'm sorry if I see things differently from George and Jeb Bush , but if one innocent person is fraudulently denied the right to vote because of an inaccurate felon 's list , that 's one person too many .
Meanwhile back at the ranch the Bush brothers , Karl Rove and Dick Cheney are dreaming up more crackpot ideas to supress the vote , and dispatching Big Al Gonzalez the psycho-attorney to the law library find some precedent , any ol ' bizarre precedent to keep even more poor people & non-combatant domestic enemies from voting .
In the 2004 presidential election Associated Press ( 10/17/04 ) wrote this about the Florida felon 's list :
Florida Gov. Jeb
Bush ignored advice to throw out a flawed felon voter list before it went out to county election offices despite warnings from state officials , according to a published report Saturday .
In a May 4 e-mail obtained by the Sarasota Herald - Tribune , Florida Department of Law Enforcement computer expert Jeff Long told his boss that a Department of State computer expert had told him ``that yesterday they recommended to the Gov that they ' pull the plug ' on the voter database .
The e-mail said state election officials ``were n't comfortable with the felon matching program they 've got , '' but added , `` The Gov rejected their suggestion to pull the plug , so they 're ' going live ' with it this weekend . ''
A software program matched data on felons with voter registration rolls to create the list of 48,000 names .
Secretary of State Glenda Hood junked the database in July after acknowledging that 2,500 ex-felons on the list had had their voting rights restored .
Most were Democrats , and many were black .
Hispanics , who often vote Republican in Florida , were almost entirely absent from the list due to a technical error ( my emphasis )
Florida is one of the increasing number of states that does not automatically restore voting rights to convicted felons when they complete their sentences and probation .
Purging felons from voter rolls has been a hot - button issue since the 2000 presidential election , and since then many citizens discovered at the polls they were n't allowed to vote since the passage of laws denying convicted felons of the right to vote .
The Seattle Times wrote this about Washington 's felon list ( 3/17/2005 ) :
The list of alleged felon voters compiled ... mistakenly includes people tried as juveniles who never lost their right to vote .
A spokeswoman for Rossi acknowledged last night that perhaps hundreds of the 1,135 people on the list are there improperly because of juvenile cases .
A partial check by The Seattle Times showed that 165 alleged felon voters in King County had only juvenile cases .
The Times was able to check 462 names using a Washington State Patrol database .
An attorney for the Democratic Party said more than 200 juvenile cases were found among the King County names .
" They should scrub their list for other errors , " said attorney Jenny Durkan , a lawyer for the Democrats . " This is a huge error . "
Durkan said Republican attorneys should apologize to the people erroneously listed as voting illegally and amend the list " so these people 's names never have to go into an official court file . "
Every state that has denied the vote to convicted felons has attempted to enforce the law with shoddy , poorly compiled lists of felons that often target minority voters .
Do we know that law is even equally enforced ?
Is a John Smith " who votes in an affluent Republican precinct subjected to the same rigorous scrutiny as the " John Smith " whose name comes up on a felon 's list in an inner city black neighborhood ?
Under the law both John Smith " should be denied the vote , but it 's unlikely that the John Smith in the Republican precinct will be challenged as being the felonious John Smith " on the list .
State laws restricting felons from voting should be scrapped because the technology is not available to generate fair and accurate felon lists .
As long as felon lists are inaccurate , innocent people will be denied the right to vote because they have the bad luck of having the same name as a convicted felon .
It may well be that felony lists have turned away more legally eligible voters , than felons .
No study has ever been done on the impact of felony lists on denial of the vote to perfectly legal voters .
What is a convicted felon , anyway ?
Anyone caught with a marijuana cigarette 20 years ago may well be a convicted felon in the state of Florida in 2006 .
If you got into a brawl in 1977 , and were convicted of aggravated assault you can't vote in the state of Florida .
If you were convicted of rape and later exonerated on the basis of DNA evidence that felony conviction will not automatically disappear from your criminal record , so you are denied the right to vote in Florida .
In Missouri animal abuse is a class D felony .
In most states a third conviction on drunk driving is a class D or class C felony , even though 20 years ago third time offenders were at most charged with a class A misdemeanor .
So if you were drunk driver George Bush in the Seventies you are grandfathered out of the Class C felony and you 're drunk driver George Bush in the Nineties you were a felon and automatically denied the right to vote .
Sorry George , you 're not even allowed to run for office because you 're a drunken felon .
There is no language in the Constitution about denying the right to vote to convicted felons .
Not even close .
Theoretically , federal law allows persons convicted of felonies in a United States district court to apply to have their record expunged after a certain period of time with a clean record .
However , the Republicans in the U.S. Congress have refused to fund the federal agency mandated with handling the applications of convicted felons to have their record expunged .
This means that , in practice , federal felons cannot have their records expunged .
Another Republican slam - dunk on denying voting rights .
My own grandfather came to America after he was wrongfully accused of the felony of gun running for the Irish republican movement in the 1930s .
He was a stow - away on a commercial freighter boat and was assisted and protected by Irish national deckhands on the ship .
When he reached Ellis Island , expatriate Irish immigration officials expedited his illegal entry into the United States .
We are no longer the land of opportunity if we deny voting rights to those who want a new start in life .
My grandfather was lucky enough to get a second chance .
In 2006 in America , he would have been detained as a terrorist and flown off to Egypt to be tortured by millitary intelligence specialists .
Erlang is a programming language originally developed at the Ericsson Computer Science Laboratory .
OTP (
) is
Erlang / OTP has been battle tested in a number of Ericsson products for building robust fault - tolerant distributed applications , for example AXD301 ( ATM switch ) .
Main developer and maintainer
is the Erlang / OTP unit at Ericsson .
Last year , two days after Christmas , we kicked China out of the house .
Not the country obviously , but bits of plastic , metal , and wood stamped with the words " Made in China . "
We kept what we already had , but stopped bringing any more in .
The banishment was no fault of China's .
It had coated our lives with a cheerful veneer of toys , gadgets , and $ 10 children 's shoes .
Sometimes I worried about jobs sent overseas or nasty reports about human rights abuses , but price trumped virtue at our house .
We could n't resist what China was selling .
But on that dark Monday last year , a creeping unease washed over me as I sat on the sofa and surveyed the gloomy wreckage of the holiday .
It was n't until then that I noticed an irrefutable fact : China was taking over the place .
It stared back at me from the empty screen of the television .
I spied it in the pile of tennis shoes by the door .
It glowed in the lights on the Christmas tree and watched me in the eyes of a doll splayed on the floor .
I slipped off the couch and did a quick inventory , sorting gifts into two stacks : China and non-China .
The count came to China , 25 , the world , 14 .
Christmas , I realized , had become a holiday made by the Chinese .
Suddenly I 'd had enough .
I wanted China out .
Through tricks and persuasion I got my husband on board , and on Jan. 1 we launched a yearlong household embargo on Chinese imports .
The idea was n't to punish China , which would never feel the pinprick of our protest .
And we did n't fool ourselves into thinking we 'd bring back a single job to unplugged company towns in Ohio and Georgia .
We pushed China out of our lives because we wanted to measure how far it had pushed in .
We wanted to know what it would take in time , money , and aggravation to kick our China habit .
We hit the first rut in the road when I discovered our son's toes pressing against the ends of his tennis shoes .
I wore myself out hunting for new ones .
After two weeks I broke down and spent $ 60 on sneakers from Italy .
I felt sick over the money ; it seemed decadent for a pair of children 's shoes .
I got used to the feeling .
Weeks later I shelled out $ 60 for Texas - made shoes for our toddler daughter .
We got hung up on lots of little things .
I drove to half a dozen grocery stores in search of candles for my husband 's birthday cake , eventually settling on a box of dusty leftovers I found in the kitchen .
The junk drawer has been stuck shut since January .
My husband found the part to fix it at Home Depot but left it on the shelf when he spotted the telltale " Made in China . "
Mini crises erupted when our blender and television broke down .
The television sputtered back to life without intervention , but it was a long , hot summer without smoothies .
We killed four mice with old - fashioned snapping traps because the catch - and - release ones we prefer are made in China .
Last summer at the beach my husband wore a pair of mismatched flip - flops my mother found in her garage .
He 'd run out of options at the drug store .
Navigating the toy aisle has been a wilting affair .
In the spring , our 4 - year - old son launched a countercampaign in support of " China things . "
He 's been a good sport , but he 's weary of Danish - made Legos , the only sure bet for birthday gifts for his friends .
One morning in October he fell apart during a trip to Target when he developed a sudden lust for an electric purple pumpkin .
" It 's too long without China , " he wailed .
He kept at me all day .
The next morning I drove him back so he could use his birthday money to buy the pumpkin for himself .
I kept my fingers off the bills as he passed them to the checker .
My husband bemoans the Christmas gifts he can't buy because they were made in China .
He plans to sew sleeping bags for the children himself .
He can build wooden boats and guitars , but I fear he will meet his match with thread and needle .
" How hard can it be ? " he scoffed .
The funny thing about China 's ascent is that we , as a nation , could shut the whole thing down in a week .
Jump - start a " Just Say No to Chinese Products Week , " and the empire will collapse amid the chaos of overloaded cargo ships in Long Beach harbor .
I doubt we could pull it off .
Americans may be famously patriotic , but look closely , and you 'll see who makes the flag magnets on their car bumpers .
These days China delivers every major holiday , Fourth of July included .
I do n't know what we will do after Dec. 31 when our family 's embargo comes to its official end .
China - free living has been a hassle .
I have discovered for myself that China does n't control every aspect of our daily lives , but if you take a close look at the underside of boxes in the toy department , I promise it will give you pause .
Our son knows where he stands on the matter .
In the bathtub one evening he told me how happy he was that " the China season " was coming soon .
" When we can buy China things again , let 's never stop , " he said .
After a year without China I can tell you this :
You can still live without it , but it 's getting trickier and costlier by the day .
And a decade from now I may not be brave enough to try it again .
• Sara Bongiorni is a freelance writer and is working on a book about her family 's yearlong adventure in the global economy .
Mr Blair is being urged to make a public announcement
He branded ex-junior minister Tom Watson , the most senior person to quit , " disloyal , discourteous and wrong " for signing a letter urging him to go .
The resignations came as Mr Blair faces growing pressure to name a departure date or even quit now .
Gordon Brown 's backers say assurances he will resign in May are " not enough " .
' Brownite plot '
But Mr Blair 's supporters claim the calls for him to quit are an orchestrated plot by supporters of Mr Brown , who has so far declined to comment on the furore .
In a statement , former Home Secretary David Blunkett said : " It is now in Gordon Brown 's - and the Labour Party 's - best interests for those seeking the prime minister 's immediate departure to back off .
" This is not only to avoid our opponents exploiting the impression of disintegration and division , but also to avoid the split of our party , which would have lasting consequences .
" No - one can benefit from a split in the government or the party now , or in the foreseeable future , and this is patently avoidable by a return to common sense . "
' Clear timetable '
Mr Watson and the six parliamentary private secretaries ( PPSs ) - who are unpaid ministerial aides at the bottom rung of the government ladder - were among a number of normally loyal Labour MPs from the 2001 intake who signed a letter calling on Mr Blair to quit .
Without an urgent change in the leadership of the party it becomes less likely that we will win that election
Loyal Labour MPs urge Blair to quit
In full : 2001 intake letter
The six were : Khalid Mahmood , Wayne David , Ian Lucas , Mark Tami , Chris Mole and David Wright .
In a joint statement , four of the PPS group said Mr Blair had " not ended the uncertainty over when you intend to leave office , which is damaging the government and the party " .
Mr David told BBC Radio 5
Live he was worried about next year 's elections in Scotland and Wales , adding : " We obviously will do much better if we have a clear timetable set out for transition " .
Mr Watson , who has already been replaced as a junior defence minister by junior transport minister Derek Twigg , said he no longer believed that it was in the best interests of the party or the country for Mr Blair to continue .
Impossible position
But Mr Blair hit back saying that calls for his resignation were putting Labour 's electoral prospects at risk .
GOVERNMENT HIERARCHY
Cabinet : 23 people - appointed by PM to head departments and decide government policy Minister of State : 28 people - middle - ranking ministers responsible for specific area Parliamentary Secretaries /
Under secretaries of state : 36 people - the most junior ministers , often responsible for aspect of department 's work Whips : 23 people - communicate government objectives and MPs ' concerns Law Officers : 3 people - provide high - grade legal advice Parliamentary Private Secretaries : 55 people - act as unpaid assistant to minister .
Seen as first rung on ladder
He said he had been " intending to dismiss " Mr Watson anyway " but wanted to extend to him the courtesy of speaking to him first " .
The prime minister added : " Had he come to me privately and expressed his view about the leadership , that would have been one thing .
" But to sign a round robin letter which was then leaked to the press was disloyal , discourteous and wrong .
" It would therefore have been impossible for him to remain in government . "
' Change wanted '
The Sun newspaper said earlier that Mr Blair will go on 31 May , but Number 10 has insisted it had not leaked the date .
Meanwhile , leading Brownites are calling for the prime minister to make a public declaration about when he will go , so that he can not go back on it .
If this is a coup , are Brown 's allies ready to follow through ?
BBC political editor Nick Robinson
Read Nick 's thoughts in full
One of the chancellor 's closest allies , who asked not to be named , told the BBC News website : " From Gordon 's point of view there has to be a public statement .
" Blair has to let it be known when he will go and there has to be a public declaration . "
Ex-minister Doug Henderson , also a Brown supporter , said he could not see what Mr Blair would achieve by staying on .
HAVE YOUR SAY I think Mr Blair is left with no option but to lay out a clear timetable for departure
Mark Thomas , Hastings
Send us your comments
" There should be a new leader in place by the end of March , " said Mr Henderson , in time for the local elections and mid-term polls in Scotland and Wales .
" People in the country want a change , " he added .
Conservative leader David Cameron said the government was " in meltdown " , while Lib Dem leader Sir Menzies Campbell added that Mr Blair " should either resign or state a date " .
We all knew it was a matter of " when " not " if " , but it 's surprising to see that it had to happen this way .
Over on Google Blogscoped , I see that Google Removes Its Help Entry on Censorship :
The page which used to say :
Google does not censor results for any search term .
The order and content of our results are completely automated ; we do not manipulate our search results by hand .
We believe strongly in allowing the democracy of the web to determine the inclusion and ranking of sites in our search results .
Now simply 404s .
It 's gone .
Well , except for the cached copy in Google itself .
Rather than using that page to explain how and why they 've compromised their corporate philosophy in China , they 've removed it entirely with no explanation .
Now , it 's entirely possible that they 've written a new page and did n't have the sense to update the old one in - place , thereby breaking the URL .
But I 've been unable to find evidence of that .
Can you ?
I guess that giant sucking sound coming from Mountain View this week was the sound of Google 's soul getting sucked out to make more room for cash .
True Colors indeed .
What a sad week in the world of web search , huh ?
There was the DoJ subpoena , the " Yahoo gives up on search " scare , and now this .
I can only hope that this month is over soon .
Posted by jzawodn at January 27 , 2006 08:14 AM
New HOT Full Page Galleries ( WoW )
Beautiful Girls Nude On Beach & Home ( Over 30 Pics )
Put Your Tongue In My Mouth ( High Quality Pics 1400x1400 )
32 Amazing Bridges from Around the World ( Click Below TO Read The Full Story )
The Motorola sponsored Spring Racing Carnival in Melbourne is due to have a special guest â€ “ Superman star Kate Bosworth .
After filming Superman in Sydney , another visit back to Australia interested the thin actress who will be the star attraction on Derby Day on November 4 .
And it will give her a chance to put hundreds of thousands of kilometers between her and Orlando Bloom after the pair split recently .
Though she has been seen with another man in New York – pictured left .
Other names were bandied about as potential star attractions , from Liv Tyler , Carmen Electra and Eva Herzigova .
The Spring Racing Carnival attracts big names to the city of Melbourne every year , with names like Eva Longoria and Paris and Nicky Hilton visiting for the races .
Esteemed Monks ,
Last week I participated in a gathering of 300 developers in Tokyo called the Lightweight Language Ring ( LLRing ) , held in a real boxing ring .
It included a number of famous Japanese programmers , the creator of Ruby , a bot shootout , language updates , a panel on functional programming , and more .
So I 'd like to invite you to read Boxing in the LLRing .
The first half of the 4500 word article is more accessible to non-experts while the second half gets into more nitty gritty .
Coverage of the Perl language update , bunches of Haskell and Javascript , a surprise announcement that Ruby 's Matz is going to go into hiding to work on Yet Another Ruby VM ( get that guy onto Parrot ! ! ) , and a mysterious connection between the naming of Ruby and Python , a talk at YAPC :: Asia 2006 Tokyo in March , and the location of the good humored " boxing match " ( The TCP / IP bot battle was in fact chaired by Shibuya Perl Mongers ) .
See also the photos on Flickr )
And finally I attempted a followup of the YAPC presentation on Babel - 17 , which was a comparison of Perl to Ruby to psychoactive scifi computing languages ...
But I do n't want to ruin the ending , please come over and take a look , and help me correct any mistakes !
Anyway seemed like a good reason to finally install a blog of my own .
Even though the number of languages and frameworks exceeds twenty , it is certainly about Perl and many issues thought about by monks , especially how languages change the way you think about problems .
The event site is all in Japanese , unlike the site for YAPC :: Asia , but I found it an interesting look at Japanese developers , and that it includes many of the Japan - side stars of the recent YAPC may be of interest to people who came all the way to Japan for it ( Larry , Damian and Ingie among others came in March ) .
Even though it is lengthy I do n't have anywhere in particular to post it besides PerlMonks , so if anyone has a good idea about that I 'd like as many people as possible to contribute to an English language discussion of some of the things that were covered at LLRing .
Especially now that Perl is advancing and Parrot and Pugs are on the rise , I hope you agree it is timely .
Looking forward to your comments !
Takahashi's YAPC perl - ruby comparison
by Anonymous Monk on Sep 08 , 2006 at 11:26 UTC
I say similar things about Takahashi's YAPC comparison of ruby with Babel - 17 ( http://www.rubycolor.org/takahashi/yapc2006) at http://use.perl.org/~mr_bean/journal/29899
It was difficult for me to tell how serious he was discouraging use of ruby because of its effects on thinking .
Perhaps this was my lack of understanding of the joke rather than the mythical / proverbial Japanese ambiguity .
( Oh , it was a joke ? )
I write about the Takahashi method at http://use.perl.org/~mr_bean/journal/29948
What is the minimum implication of the linking of the 2 major non-perl dynamic ' scripting ' languages with wrestling foreseen by Delany , if it is not a complete coincidence ?
That the Japanese organizers of LLRing also read Delany ?
What is the minimum implication of the linking of the 2 major non-perl dynamic languages , aside from the wrestling link , foreseen by Delany , if it is not a complete coincidence ?
That the accounts we have of the naming of those 2 languages is not completely correct ?
That the explanations we have of the naming underdetermines the naming process ?
Perhaps the 2 language creators are n't completely aware of why they named the languages the way they did , and the accounts they gave us are a rationalization .
I wonder if it is possible to find any other amazing links like this .
Search for close associations of the names of the 2 languages in non-computer contexts ?
I have my own example of an amazing coincidence with perl .
I had a student here in Taiwan who looked like Audrey Tang , but whose English name was Larry .
I thought ,
This student will go places .
Edited by planetscape - linkified link and added rudimentary formatting Read more ... view votes ( 25 Bytes ) Re : Takahashi's YAPC perl - ruby comparison
( Curate ) on Sep 08 , 2006 at 16:30 UTC by mattr on Sep 08 , 2006 at 16:30 UTC Hi , and thanks for a great reply !
Seems
I get very few replies but they are all from great people and quite to the point .
I think you 're right on both your posts , though I could add that also Takahashi 's presentation format was quite enjoyable to me even though it is difficult to follow rapid fire Japanese , it seemed a pleasant mix of rap , humor and wit .
( All in good humor though perhaps there should have been a * very * lengthy English translation below the few kanji , which would have been more useful and even funnier . )
That , and also I think his technique was transmitted to other YAPC attendees who for some braindead reason vied to shave the amount of time left before their presentation to actually create the presentation .
Apparently Javascript and xul are quite handy here .
Probably happening at YAPC :: EU too ?
Okay , so taking your delightful post very seriously , of course you make it very hard by disallowing the possibility that it is a complete coincidence .
Also python and ruby seem to be very strong names , i.e. for snake and garnet .
And green and red go well together , and as I found on Google a python piece of jewelry is apt to have eyes made of rubies .
And cool names are running out .
Also , dragons love to hoard gems .
But I agree we must disallow coincidence , even if it is pushed bodily along by coginitive dissonance .
I would guess at a minimum , Ruby 's creator ( who also studied linguistics ) has read Babel - 17 twenty times and every time he sees the word Python he thinks of Ruby and Python in the null - grav wrestling sphere .
Two other points from the novel are that the fighters have made massive enhancements to their bodies , grafting things on , and the other thing is that they are apparently mostly hyperspace pilots , since the only way to control these hyperships is to plug enhanced humans who can react by instinct , or sexually bonded trios who can handle more complex jobs than any one or two people can .
No really , that is how the story goes .
So there are some wierd parallels to all the " lightweight languages " .
Um , and lightweight < = > lighter than air < = > null - grav ...
GONNNGGG !!
Ahem .
The minimum relation excluding the wrestling is I guess that he forgot about the wrestling part ..?
Well another is that maybe there is a cabal of elite intellectuals on a secret mission of world domination , flying from country to country to evangelize and share code , at popular conferences like YAPC and .. sshhh !
Depends on your level of paranoia and knowledge .
Another explanation that could also be seen as minimal , and which I wanted to alude to in my article , is like the self - organizing structures we are finding at the nanoscale level these days .
Did you read Carl Sagan 's Contact ?
There is a great image that is totally cut out of the movie with Jodie Foster , in which engineers have been following alien instructions to build things and one of the inexplicable things that happens is they are instructed to pour a chemical into a swimming pool , and a mind - numingly complex , semi-alive red bronchial thing is created ( added below FYI ) .
Maybe we are all working towards something and these kinds of mysterious things will happen more and more reguarly , until , ... until ...
Poof !
As the first factories were built and the first prototypes produced , pessimism diminished about human ability to reconstruct an alien technology from a Message written in no known language .
There was the heady feeling of arriving unprepared for a school test and finding that you can figure out the answers from your general education and your common sense .
As in all competently designed examinations , taking it was a learning experience .
All the first tests were passed :
The erbium was of adequate purity ; the pictured superstructure was left after the inorganic material was etched away by hydrofluoric acid ; the rotor spun up as advertised .
The Message flattered the scientists and engineers , critics said ; they were becoming caught up in the technology and losing sight of the dangers .
For the construction of one component , a particularly intricate set of organic chemical reactions was specified and the resulting product was introduced into a swimming pool - sized mixture of formaldehyde and aqueous ammonia .
The mass grew , differentiated , specialized , and then just sat there -- exquisitely more complex than anything like it humans knew how to build .
It had an intricately branched network of fine hollow tubes , through which perhaps some fluid was to circulate .
It was colloidal , pulpy , dark red .
It did not make copies of itself , but it was sufficiently biological to scare a great many people .
They repeated the procedure and produced something apparently identical .
How the end product could be significantly more complicated than the instructions that went into building it was a mystery .
Back to Meditations
Wikipedia has recorded its millionth registered user for its English - language website and anticipates a milestone double - whammy this week as the millionth article is published .
Users of the online encyclopaedia have been speculating on the date of the millionth posting since November 2004 , with some predicting it simply would n't happen .
" There simply are n't one million topics in existence , " said one Wikipedian , who looks likely to be proved wrong some time today .
Answering questions from the site 's users last week , Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales said the quality of content on the site would be improved with a new article review system .
He predicted the site 's content would change eventually as core subjects are covered more comprehensively .
" We 'll see a tapering off of new article creation in the large language Wikipedias as more and more ' verifiable ' topics are covered .
At this point , most changes will be expansions and updates and quality improvements to existing articles .
" But in 10 years , it seems likely to me that many languages which are now quite small will have very large Wikipedia projects .
Our community will continue to become more diverse as more and more people worldwide come online . "
Predictions for the date of the 2 millionth article , 5 millionth article and 500th language pool are also ongoing .
And in the event that Wikipedia goes under , the earth ends or the site is finally completed " with the sum total of all current and future human knowledge " , users have set up a last topic pool with suggestions including " Three easy steps to building your own nuclear weapon " , " Quantum black hole safety " and " How to delete the internet in one simple keystroke " .
The online encyclopaedia allows anyone to edit and contribute content and has become a powerful online presence since it launched in January 2001 .
The site recently blocked access from US Congressional computers - albeit temporarily - after what it described as " inappropriate edits " by staffers , although Mr Wales denied any evidence of " corporate astro- turfing " .
The credibility of the site came into question last December by the USA Today founding editorial director , John Seigenthaler , after he discovered a " false and malicious " entry that implicated him in the assassination of President John F Kennedy .
Wikipedia responded by strengthening its registration procedures so that new stories cannot be posted by anonymous posters , and by issuing a new policy on biographies of living people .
· To contact the MediaGuardian newsdesk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 7239 9857
· If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
Microsoft 's Open XML specification , also headed for consideration by ISO / IEC , is still in process within Ecma .
Upon completion , it would be submitted to the same voting process .
With adoption of ODF by ISO / IEC now assured , software that implements the standard will now become more attractive to those European and other government purchasers for whom global adoption by ISO / IEC is either desirable , or required .
Given the ongoing unhappiness in Europe with Microsoft over what the EU regards as unacceptable bundling and other practices , this may be particularly significant , especially when taken with the desire of many European and other purchasers to use open source products whenever possible .
Offerings such as OpenOffice and KOffice therefore should receive a boost in appeal and usage , as well as for - sale versions , such as Sun 's StarOffice and IBM 's Internet - based offering .
The six month voting window for ISO / IEC adoption of the OASIS OpenDocument Format ( ODF ) standard closed on May 1 , and at midnight ( Geneva time ) last night it was announced internally that ODF had been approved by the ISO members eligible and interested in casting a vote .
The vote passed with broad participation and no negative votes ( there were a few abstentions ) , and ODF is now ISO / IEC 26300 .
While there are still some procedural steps internal to ISO / IEC that are required before the official text of the standard will be finalized and issued , these steps ( described below ) are formalities rather than gating factors .
The remaining formal steps for ODF adoption , as described by Patrick Durusau in a blog entry of mine on March 23 are below ( Patrick is the Chairman of the INCITS V1 committee that managed the voting on ODF by interested U.S. parties , and is the Project Editor for the OpenDocument Format submission ) :
The votes on those ballots are due on May 1 , 2006 .
The votes and any comments will be communicated to the appropriate parties in the ISO process .
Once the votes and comments have been distributed , a ballot resolution meeting will be held to resolve any comments and to determine the text of ODF that will be issued as an International Standard .
The scheduling of the ballot resolution was discussed in SC 34 ( a subcommittee of JTC1 ) and unfortunately the early discussion of a date for that meeting was based on a clerical error in reading the required time delay between the vote and the ballot resolution meeting .
The JTC 1 directives were drafted prior to the immediate communication afforded by email and sets a minimum period of two and one - half months between the distribution of the voting results ( including comments ) and a ballot resolution meeting if necessary .
The return date for votes and comments being May 1 , when considered with the JTC 1 rule on scheduling of a ballot resolution meeting * not less than * two and one - half months after distribution of the voting results ( including comments ) means that the original SC 34 discussion was based on an incorrect reading of the relevant JTC 1 directive .
Assuming agreement on the final text , which is the goal of the ballot resolution meeting , the Convener of the ballot resolution committee ( Martin Bryan ) and I ( as Project Editor ) have thirty ( 30 ) days to prepare the final report from the ballot resolution meeting and the final text of ODF to be published as an International Standard .
Those items are then distributed by the SC 34 Secretariat .
The ballot resolution meeting is most likely going to occur in early August to conform to the two and one - half month requirement .
Note that the scheduling of the ballot resolution meeting depends upon the date of the distribution of the voting results and so there is some uncertainty at this point on the exact dates for the ballot resolution meeting .
That is a clerical issue and not one of substance .
I am expecting that press releases will be issued by several organizations and others today , and will update this blog entry later in the day as those announcements become available .
Update : 10:00 EDT : From a press release issued at this hour by the ODF Alliance , the organization formed in March ( now with over 150 members ) to support and educate potential government adopters of ODF :
Washington , DC - The OpenDocument Format Alliance ( ODF Alliance ) , a broad cross-section of associations , academic institutions and industry dedicated to solving the problem of improving access and retrieval of electronic government documents , today congratulated the International Organization for Standardization ( ISO ) for its sweeping approval of the OpenDocument Format as an international standard .
" Approval of the OpenDocument Format by ISO marks an important milestone in the effort to help governments solve the very real problem of finding a better way to preserve , access and control their documents now and in the future , " said Marino Marcich , Executive Director of the ODF Alliance .
" There 's no doubt that this broad vote of support will serve as a springboard for adoption and use of ODF around the world .
At the same time , it also represents a milestone for the ODF Alliance , which in just weeks has seen a groundswell of support and continues to grow everyday . "
The full text of the press release is here .
For further blog entries on ODF , click here
subscribe to the free Consortium Standards Bulletin
( and remember to Buy Your Books at Biff's )
How bent spaghetti break B. Audoly , S. Neukirch
Bent dry spaghetti do not break in half but instead in three or more pieces .
With the aim to explain this surprising phenomenon , we studied a related problem , namely the dynamics of an elastic rod that is bent quasi-statically and then suddenly set free .
Counter - intuitively , we find that the mere release of the rod induces a stress increase .
The multiple breaking of bent rods , like dry spaghetti pasta , can then be understood as a cascade of releases ( loss of cohesion upon breakings ) followed by stress increases leading to new cracks .
Alternative download in RealMedia format Watch movies of the experiments
Download papers or read short version online
Nebula Awards Winners
Winners of this year 's Nebula Awards , presented by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America , were announced this evening , Saturday May 6 , 2006 , in Tempe , Arizona .
NOVEL Camouflage , Joe Haldeman ( Analog ; Ace Books )
NOVELLA " Magic for Beginners " , Kelly Link ( Magic for Beginners Small Beer Press ; F&SF Sep 2005 )
NOVELETTE " The Faery Handbag " , Kelly Link ( The Faery Reel Viking ; ed. Ellen Datlow & Terri Windling )
SHORT STORY " I Live With You " , Carol Emshwiller ( F&SF Mar 2005 )
SCRIPT Serenity , Joss Whedon
ANDRE NORTON AWARD Valiant : A Modern Tale of Faerie , Holly Black ( Simon & Schuster )
As previously announced , was presented the Damon Knight Memorial Grand Master Award , andwas named Author Emeritus .
Connie Willis was Toastmaster .
This is the first year for SFWA 's Andre Norton Award , created to honor young adult SF / F novels and named in honor of the late SFWA Grand Master .
While not technically a Nebula Award , it is voted on by members in the same way the Nebula Awards are .
All winners were present except for Carol Emshwiller , whose award was accepted by Gordon Van Gelder , and Joss Whedon , whose award was accepted by Michael Cassutt .
Featured presenters included David Weber and Eric Flint , who described the influence Andre Norton had on their lives and careers , before presenting the Andre Norton Award , and Richard Curtis and Neil Gaiman , who separately introduced Grand Master Award winner Harlan Ellison .
Kelly Link is the 9th person to win two Nebulas in the same year ; Connie Willis is previously the most recent double winner , for Doomsday Book and " Even the Queen " in 1993 , while Greg Bear and Roger Zelazny won awards in the same categories as Kelly Link , Bear in 1984 for " Hardfought " and " Blood Music " , Zelazny in 1966 for " He Who Shapes " and " The Doors of His Face , the Lamps of His Mouth " .
Tridelna dokumentarna serija v prepletu antropologije , znanosti in zgodovine raziskuje nastanek in razvoj družbenih omrežij ter njihov vpliv na naša življenja .
3 . del : Vojna v svetu omrežij Tretji del serije se posveča vprašanju , ali bo naslednja svetovna vojna v resnici hladna vojna s kitajskimi omrežji .
Velika kitajska tehnološka podjetja so v zadnjih letih ne le dohitela ameriške tekmece , ampak jih v mnogočem že prekašajo .
Toda medtem ko je na zahodu državni nadzor družbenih omrežij nekaj nezaslišanega , je na Kitajskem povsem sprejemljiv .
Tako deluje na primer sistem merjenja družbenega ugleda , ki kitajskim državljanom prišteva in od števa točke glede na njihovo vedênje , kršitelje predpisov pa javno sramoti .
Videli bomo tudi , kako so se ruski uporabniki družbenih omrežij vmešali v ameriško predsedniško kampanjo leta 2016 in kako so morali ameriški vojaki v Iraku prilagoditi taktiko omrežno organiziranim nasprotnikom .
The latest in a recent spate of cellphone videos documenting questionable arrest tactics surfaced Wednesday , this one showing a UCLA police officer using a Taser to stun a student who allegedly refused to leave the campus library .
Grainy video of the Tuesday night incident at UCLA ’s Powell Library was broadcast Wednesday on TV news and the Internet , prompting a review of the officers ’ actions and outrage among students at the Westwood campus .
For the record : For The Record
Los Angeles Times Friday November 17 , 2006 Home Edition Main News Part A Page 2 National Desk 2 inches ; 78 words Type of Material : Correction
Taser incident :
An article in Thursday ’s California section about UCLA student Mostafa Tabatabainejad being stunned with a Taser gun by campus police officers incorrectly quoted an article in the Daily Bruin , the campus newspaper .
The Times article said : “ The video shows Tabatabainejad yelling , ‘ Here ’s your Patriot Act , here ’s your use of power . ’ ” What he actually said , according to the Daily Bruin , was , “ Here ’s your Patriot Act , here ’s your ... abuse of power . ”
The ellipsis indicates a profanity .
The footage showed the student , Mostafa Tabatabainejad , falling to the ground and crying out in pain as officers stunned him .
According to a campus police report , the incident began when community service officers , who serve as guards at the library , began their nightly routine of checking to make sure everyone using the library after 11 p.m. is a student or otherwise authorized to be there .
Advertisement
Campus officials said the long - standing policy was adopted to ensure students ’ safety .
When Tabatabainejad , 23 , refused to provide his ID to the community service officer , the officer told him he would have to show it or leave the library , the report said .
After repeated requests , the officer left and returned with campus police , who asked Tabatabainejad to leave “ multiple times , ” according to a statement by the UCLA Police Department .
“ He continued to refuse , ” the statement said .
“ As the officers attempted to escort him out , he went limp and continued to refuse to cooperate with officers or leave the building . ”
Advertisement
Witnesses disputed that account , saying that when campus police arrived , Tabatabainejad had begun to walk toward the door with his backpack .
When an officer approached him and grabbed his arm , the witnesses said , Tabatabainejad told the officer to let go , yelling “ Get off me ” several times .
“ Tabatabainejad encouraged library patrons to join his resistance , ” police said .
“ The officers deemed it necessary to use the Taser . ”
Officers stunned Tabatabainejad , causing him to fall to the floor .
The video shows Tabatabainejad yelling , “ Here ’s your Patriot Act , here ’s your use of power , ” the Daily Bruin reported , adding he used a profanity .
Advertisement
“ It was beyond grotesque , ” said UCLA graduate David Remesnitsky of Los Angeles , who witnessed the incident .
“ By the end they took him over the stairs , lifted him up and Tasered him on his rear end .
It seemed like it was inappropriately placed .
The Tasering was so unnecessary and they just kept doing it . ”
Campus police confirmed that Tabatabainejad was stunned “ multiple ” times .
By then , Remesnitsky said , a crowd of 50 or 60 had gathered and were shouting at the officers to stop and demanding their names and badge numbers .
Remesnitsky said officers told him to leave or he would be Tasered .
Advertisement
Tabatabainejad declined to comment .
He was arrested Tuesday night and cited by campus police for resisting and obstructing a police officer and was released .
The incident was the third videotape of an arrest to surface in the last week in Los Angeles .
One video showed a Los Angeles Police Department officer dousing a handcuffed suspect in the face with pepper spray as the suspect sat in a patrol car .
That video came to light Monday , just days after the LAPD and the FBI launched investigations into another videotape showing a police officer hitting a suspect in the face several times after a foot chase in Hollywood .
Advertisement
UCLA Assistant Police Chief Jeff Young said Wednesday that he had viewed the video of the campus incident on the Internet and would view any other videos that were shot .
“ We will gather as many samples as we can find , from different sources , ” Young said .
“ We ’ll use it for our own administrative investigation . ”
UCLA Acting Chancellor Norman Abrams said in a statement that university police are investigating the incident and the officers ’ actions .
“ The investigation and review will be thorough , vigorous and fair , ” he said , adding that compliance with the ID policy is “ critical for the safety and well - being of everyone . ”
Advertisement
Young said Tasers , which discharge an electric current to incapacitate a suspect , are seldom used by the campus police department .
On campus Wednesday , many students said they were surprised by news of the incident .
“ UCLA is a very peaceful campus , ” said Chen Mei , a third - year political science student from Laguna Hills .
“ I study in Powell Library at night all the time .
I ’ve seen people without ID cards who are removed .
But none of the time has it been this dramatic . ”
Karen Jou , a second - year student from Orange , said the campus police “ usually are really good . ”
Advertisement
“ I would n’t have thought that would have happened here , ” she said .
“ It ’s really odd . ”
Julia Newbold , a third - year English literature major from Walnut Creek , said her impression from her limited contact with campus police was good .
“ They seem like a peacekeeping force , ” she said .
“ I ’m really surprised to hear they had to resort to something like that .
It sounds a little too forceful to me to Taser someone . ”
amanda.covarrubias
Advertisement
@latimes.com
stuart.silverstein@latimes.com
THE instant Derek Paravicini heard the sound of the music , he broke free from his parents ' grasp and headed towards it .
The little girl on the piano stool took a tumble as the then four - year - old boy , blind , autistic and severely learning impaired , pushed her out of the way and began playing in her place .
" It was utterly extraordinary , " says Adam Ockleford .
" He was hitting the notes with his hands , his feet , his nose , even his elbows .
It was clear he had never had a lesson , yet he produced this wonderful version of Do n't Cry For Me Argentina . "
Mr Ockleford , a music psychologist and then head of music at Linden Lodge School for the blind and intellectually impaired , realised at once that the child frantically bashing keys was a prodigy .
Today , at 27 , Paravicini is acknowledged as one of only 23 autistic savants in the world .
He is one of those rare people with severe learning difficulties , who is a genius in one particular area .
. keep
Hop.js : a multitier JavaScript
Hop.js ( aka Hop ) is :
A multitier JavaScript : a single code runs on the client and the server .
A compliant JavaScript implementation : EcmaScript 5.1 compliant ; EcmaScript 6 features ( modules , async / await , proxy objects , ... ) ; Nodejs compatibility .
An extended JavaScript : builtin HTML : native HTML syntax support and multitier dom .
server - side web workers .
native websockets .
A builtin multi- threaded web server .
Note : Hop also supports the Scheme programming language .
With Hop.js , JavaScript and Scheme are fully interoperable and applications can mix both languages .
This page mostly describes the JavaScript layer .
The Scheme layer is described in a dedicated programming manual .
Hop programs execute in the context of a builtin web server .
They define services , which are super JavaScript functions that get automatically invoked when HTTP requests are received .
Functions and services are almost syntactically similar but the latter are defined using the service keyword :
service hello ( ) { return " hello world " ; }
To run this program put this code in the file hello and execute :
$ hop -p 8080 hello.js
You can now browse http://localhost:8080/hop/hello .
Hop extends JavaScript with the geniune HTML .
if we want to modify our service to make it return an HTML document , we can use :
service hello ( ) { return < html > < div > hello world </div > </html > ; }
Hop is multitier .
That is client - side codes are also implemented in Hop .
The ~{ mark switches from server - side context to client - side context :
service hello ( ) { return < html > < div onclick = ~ { alert ( " world " ) } > hello </div > </html > ; }
Hop client - side code and server - side can also be mixed using the ${ mark :
service hello ( { name : who } ) { return < html > < div onclick = ~ { alert ( " Hi " + $ { who } + " ! " ) } > hello </div > </html > ; }
By default Hop.js only accepts to serve authenticated requests .
Before executing any programs users must be declared .
These declarations go into the $ HOME /.
config/hop/hoprc.js file .
The following declare a user named hopjs whose password is inria and that is allowed to execute any Hop.js service , the declaration services : " * " , and download any file readable from the server process , the declaration directories : " * " :
$ mkdir -p $ HOME /. config / hop && cat >
$ HOME/.config/hop/hoprc.js << EOF hop = require ( " hop " ) ; var user = require ( hop.user ) ; var config = require ( hop.config ) ; user.add ( { name : " hopjs " , password : user.encryptPassword( " hopjs " , " inria " ) , services : " * " , directories : " * " } ) ; user.add ( { name : " anonymous " , password : user.encryptPassword( " hopjs " , " 23^73 ++_* " ) , services : " " , directories : " " } ) ; EOF
You are now ready to execute Hop.js programs !
Many more additional examples can be found in the source development tree .
The foundation has started briefing officials at City Hall , in the office of Gov. George E. Pataki and at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which owns the land .
A person involved in meetings about the memorial provided The New York Times with a copy of a confidential foundation memorandum , dated May 2 , that summarizes the Bovis findings .
Even before the official release of the new estimate , Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said yesterday that he had spoken to both Governor Pataki and Gov. Jon S. Corzine of New Jersey about the escalating costs .
" Both governors and I think that $ 500 million is the amount of money that they 're going to have to learn to figure out how to deal with , " the mayor said .
" We want to build the memorial , but we have to realize that there are conflicting demands in this city . "
John P. Cahill , Mr. Pataki's chief of staff , who is overseeing rebuilding at the trade center , issued a statement yesterday saying , " We remain committed to the creation of a prominent , powerful and moving memorial that our nation can be proud of .
Generations to come will come to see this tribute .
However , we must ensure that it is financially achievable , while remaining consistent " with the original vision .
The report estimates the cost of just the memorial and its related museum at $ 672 million , up 36 percent from $ 494 million only four months ago .
In addition , the latest projections include $ 71.5 million for an underground cooling plant , up from $ 41.5 million four months ago .
Bovis also identified $ 300 million in site preparations and infrastructure — nearly triple the previous $ 110 million estimate by the foundation , the Lower Manhattan Development Corporation and the Port Authority — that would be necessary before construction could begin .
It contends that the Port Authority must deliver a " buildable site " and should bear those costs .
The authority will almost certainly contest that assertion .
Last month it agreed to provide $ 100 million , based on the prior estimate , as part of a major realignment of the plans to build four major office towers on the site .
It also took on financial responsibility for the troubled $ 2 billion Freedom Tower .
Yesterday , some state and Port Authority officials expressed misgivings about the validity of the jump in infrastructure costs , but said that they did not want to say so publicly until they had been briefed .
J.F. had a pretty good idea of what he was getting himself in to .
And considering his other options -- remain unemployed , work at his father 's glass company , or spend another two years at the university getting another degree -- this was actually his dream opportunity .
The year was 2002 and the technology boom had officially come to an end .
As a graduate fresh out of college , JF did n't even have a fighting chance .
Practically everyone in I.T. was out of work and was willing to take just about any job to pay the bills : senior - level developers were lining up in droves for junior - level positions ; juniors were going after all the entry - level jobs ; and the entry - level folks like J.F. were struggling to find any type of job that had any resemblance to technology .
That said , imagine J.F.'s excitement when he landed an interview for a tech support position at a software development firm .
Now try to imagine his reaction when , halfway through the interview , The Boss said :
" So you know how to program and stuff , eh ?
You know , now that I think about it , I could really use another programmer .
Can you start tomorrow ?
I think J.F. 's reaction was somewhere between holy - crap - an - actual - programming - job - in - the - post - tech - boom and wait - a - minute - he - did n't - even - ask - a - single - programming - question .
But no matter , J.F. could n't pass up the opportunity and accepted the offer .
He was officially a programmer .
Within his first hour of employment , J.F. realized that this business was n't quite like the businesses he learned about in school .
Or like the businesses portrayed on television .
Or , really , like any other business out there .
Despite being a commercial office building , The Boss took up residency in a corner of the third floor .
He had a shower , bed , dresser , and all of the other living amenities one would need to live in an office building .
More strangely , he would " work from home " some days , presumably to save the dreaded commute to his second - floor office .
Some days , The Boss would call himself the Managing Director .
Other days , he was the Vice President of Sales .
Every now and then , he'd be The Owner .
But The Boss wanted a new role -- Lead Developer -- and hired J.F. to help transition him into this role .
Being as new as he was , J.F. had absolutely no idea that this was The Boss 's intention .
For the first few weeks ,
The Boss would chat with J.F. and ask very basic development questions for " curiosity 's sake " :
How do you connect to source control ?
How do you add a field to a form ?
How do you connect to the database ?
How do you create a build of the software ?
It all seemed very innocent until J.F. arrived at work one day to find customers literally screaming at the help desk staff about bugs in the new version of their software and developers scrambling to figure out what they were talking about .
The customers seemed to have a version of the software that did n't exist and was installed earlier that morning by an unknown developer .
And that was when J.F. realized what he had created : the new Lead Developer .
The developers spent the entire day fixing the mess with a series of emergency fixes and an eventual rollback to the production version .
All the while , no one had any idea where The Boss was , other than " out of town on Business . "
They found out the next morning .
He was five hundred miles away , on a customer site , and had just sold them a new module that he had developed on the spot .
It was the developers ' job to fix it and make it work properly .
The cycle continued almost every month for the next three years :
The Boss would head out to a client site , sell a module that did n't exist , develop it in the hotel room at night , install it the next day , and let the customer work with the developers to get it working .
And actually , it 's probably still continuing to this very day , but J.F. was finally able to make a break after three long years .
He reports that he's now working with a very professional team of analysts , programmers , and management ; none of whom seem to be living in the floor above .
How to create a bunch of code that does nothing
ONJava.com -- Implementing Mutual Exclusion for AJAX
A classic case of a developer over - complicating code based on nothing more than a superstition : AJAX == multi- threaded programming
Javascript is single threaded and event driven , making the entire article and library completely useless .
And yet it 's made it onto O'Reilly 's OnJava site .
You'd think computer programmers would n't be superstitious , but I 've seen ( and even held ) my fair share of idiotic programming beliefs based on nothing more than rumor .
Posted April 9 , 2006 9:25 PM
Republicans in Congress have led the way in building the domestic preparedness programs to train and equip local , state , and federal response personnel to deal with terrorist dangers in America .
The administration has not offered clear leadership over these programs .
They remain scattered across many agencies , uncoordinated and poorly managed .
. . .
We will ensure that federal law enforcement agencies have every lawful resource and authority they require to combat international organized crime .
A generation shaped by Vietnam must remember the lessons of Vietnam :
When America uses force in the world , the cause must be just , the goal must be clear , and the victory must be overwhelming .
MODERATOR : People watching here tonight are very interested in Middle East policy , and they are so interested they want to base their vote on differences between the two of you as president how you would handle Middle East policy .
Is there any difference ?
GORE : I have n't heard a big difference in the last few exchanges .
BUSH : That 's hard to tell .
I think that , you know , I would hope to be able to convince people I could handle the Iraqi situation better .
. . .
In his speech Mr. Clinton warned Americans that the strike would by no means put an end to terrorism .
'' This will be a long , ongoing struggle , '' he said .
'' America is and will remain a target of terrorists .'' . . .
Repeatedly he said Mr. bin Laden presented an imminent threat , quoting his pledge this week to wage a war in which Americans were '' all targets . ''
'' What they shared with us made it crystal clear that terrorism had escalated against us , '' Senator Gordon Smith , a Republican from Oregon , said in a telephone interview . . . .
President Clinton signed an executive order that placed Mr. bin Laden on the Treasury Department 's list of terrorists and their sponsors , clearing the way for officials to seize his assets .
UPDATE
The principal reason why Bush supporters are so gleefully celebrating ABC 's 9/11 propaganda film is because , according to them , it blames the Clinton administration for being insufficiently attentive to the terrorist threat during the 1990s .
Writing on David Horowitz 's Front Page , Govindini Murty , for instance , oozes with praise for Path to 9/11 , calling it the " most pro-American miniseries I 've ever seen on TV " for documenting the " Clinton - era irresponsibility and incompetence . "
Understandably , Murty urges that " conservatives should support it and promote it as vigorously as possible .
" But it is rank , deceitful revisionism to attempt to blame the Clinton administration for failing to be insufficiently aggressive with regard to Al Qaeda and Islamic terrorism generally .
To make this argument with any plausibility , Bush supporters would have to be able to point to complaints made by Republicans at the time -- and especially during the 2000 election -- that the Clinton administration should have been more attentive or aggressive towards Islamic terrorists .
The threat posed by Al Qaeda and bin Laden was well known throughout the 1990s .
To pretend that Republicans wanted a more aggressive stance than Clinton took is blatant revisionism .
Prominent Republican elected officials were not criticizing Clinton for paying insufficient attention to Al Qaeda .
George Bush barely said a word about Islamic terrorism during the entire presidential campaign -- throughout 1999 and then through all of 2000 -- and to the extent Republicans spoke about Clinton 's anti-terrorism efforts at all , it was to criticize them for being too bellicose , too militaristic , and just unnecessary .
The 2000 Republican Party Platform contains 13 specific criticisms of the Clinton Administration 's foreign and military policies .
Not a single one mentions or refers in any way to Al Qaeda or terrorism generally .
After that , there is an entire section entitled " The Middle East and Persian Gulf " that deals extensively with Iraq and the alleged threat posed by Saddam Hussein , but it does not say a word -- not a single word -- about Islamic extremism , Al Qaeda , or Osama bin Laden .
Even the section of the Platform entitled " Terrorism , International Crime , and Cyber Threats " makes not one reference to Osama bin Laden , Al Qaeda , or Islamic extremism .
It does not contain a single claim that the Clinton administration was insufficiently aggressive towards Islamic terrorists , nor does it advocate increased militarism in the Middle East or against terrorists .
In fact , to the extent Republicans advocated a new approach at all , it was to emphasize the need for the very " law enforcement " and " domestic preparedness " approaches which they now claim to disdain : George Bush 's 2000 Republican National Convention acceptance speech contained a slew of specific criticisms of the Clinton administration , along with a series of specific foreign policy goals .
He never mentioned or even alluded to the threat of terrorism , Islamic extremism , or the need for increased aggression against Middle Eastern supporters of terrorism .
In fact , to the extent Bush criticized the use of military force at all , it was to imply that it was not used sparingly or discriminatingly enough :
Then - Governor Bush also engaged in three lengthy presidential debates with Al Gore and never once criticized the Clinton administration 's handling of terrorism .
He never once advocated increased aggression or urged that more attention be paid to that threat .
Again , to the extent he criticized the Clinton administration 's foreign policy , it was to criticize the excessive use of military force .
In the third presidential debate , Bush was asked about what his foreign policy would be in the Middle East .
He spoke of the need to confront Iraq , but did not utter a word about Al Qaeda or terrorism generally .
The criticism he made of the Clinton administration 's use of military force was this : " I 'm concerned that we 're overdeployed around the world .
"
In the second presidential debate , Bush was specifically asked what differences there would be between his foreign policy and the Clinton administration 's policy towards the Middle East :
Not a word about terrorism , Al Qaeda or Islamic extremism .
In the same debate , Bush again said : " I 'm worried about overcommitting our military around the world .
I want to be judicious in its use .
. . .
It needs to be in our vital interest , the mission needs to be clear , and the exit strategy obvious . "
It is in that debate where he also famously said : " And so I do n't think our troops ought to be used for what 's called nation - building .
I think our troops ought to be used to fight and win war .
" How is it justifiable for Bush supporters now to claim that the Clinton administration was insufficiently attentive to , or aggressive against , Al Qaeda when they said nothing of the sort at the time ?
They did n't spend the 1990s criticizing Clinton for failing to confront the terrorist threat .
Quite the contrary ; if anyone was attempting to urge the country to take the threat of Al Qeada more seriously , it was the Clinton administration .
Here is what James Bennett reported in The New York Times on August 21 , 1998 , the day after President Clinton ordered cruise missile strikes on what the CIA believed were Al Qaeda sites in Afghanistan and the Sudan in retaliation for the bombings , two weeks earlier , of two American embassies in Africa : That bin Laden posed a serious terrorist threat was well - known .
From the same article : Despite the well - known threat posed by bin Laden , most Republicans were not criticizing the President for being insufficiently attentive to it .
To the extent they were criticizing his attacks on Al Qaeda , it was to question whether those attacks were really necessary .
Some leading Republicans endorsed Clinton 's response -- " Speaker Newt Gingrich expressed firm support , and the Senate majority leader , Trent Lott , said , ' Our response appears to be appropriate and just ' " -- but numerous Republicans criticized the strike on bin Laden as an unnecessary diversion from what really mattered : the Clinton sex scandals which they were obsessively pursuing .
The revisionism at the heart of the praise which Bush supporters are lavishing on this mini-series is manifest .
The notion that Republicans wanted a stronger and more aggressive approach to terrorism than the Clinton administration took is pure fantasy .
During Clinton 's second term , Republicans were focused on Monica Lewinsky , not Osama bin Laden .
When Clinton was President , and during the Bush presidency prior to the 9/11 attacks , Bush supporters could n't have cared any less about Islamic terrorism .
Even Clinton 's attacks on Al Qaeda were immediately used as a tool to focus more attention on Ken Starr 's investigation .
George Bush ran in 2000 on a platform of reining in the use of military force , not expanding it .
He wanted a more " humble " and restrained foreign policy , not a more aggressive one .
If all one knew about the world came from listening to the Bush campaign in 2000 -- or Republicans during the 1990s -- one would barely have known that terrorism existed .
The notion that Republicans wanted a more aggressive posture against Al Qaeda and terrorism during the Clinton administration is pure , unadulterated fantasy .
And , by definition , any narrative which lends support to that myth -- as Bush supporters claim Path to 9/11 does -- is ( in addition to its other factual inaccuracies ) pure fiction . :
Bush supporter Mark Coffey fairly considers the evidence and concludes that parts of this film are almost certainly inaccurate , and then draws exactly the right conclusion : " Again , the partisan aspect interests me not at all ; this is 9/11 , and ‘ reasonably accurate ’ is n’t good enough .
Either go completely fiction or stick to the facts .
" All " docudramas " dramatize and even fictionalize part of what they depict , but it is hard to imagine a more inappropriate venue for fictionalizing events than a film which purports to document the events leading up to the 9/11 attacks and assign blame for those attacks .
It becomes particularly egregious when it is claimed -- falsely -- that the film is based upon the bipartisan 9/11 Commission Report , rather than a highly partisan and factually false rendition of events .
We 've heard reports before about the dangers of driving while under the influence of GPS , but it looks like drivers in the UK have taken trust of their navigation units to the extreme .
Twice in the space of the last two weeks , we 've seen reports of British drivers taking serious risks because they trust the info displayed on the small screen more than what they see through their windshield .
In the most recent case , drivers passing through the village of Luckington have found themselves landing in the River Avon , by following a GPS - recommended route that pointed to a bridge that has been closed for a week .
Despite warning signs on both sides of the road , and nothing but water straight ahead , local villagers have found themselves pulling an average of two cars a day out of the river for the past week .
" When you ask what happened , they say , ‘ My sat - nav told me it was this way , ' " one resident told The Times .
Meanwhile , the village of Crackpot ( yes , that 's really its name ) has had to deal with drivers whose navigation systems have directed them to the edge of a cliff with a hundred - foot drop .
So far , there have been no serious injuries , but drivers have found themselves stranded on a rocky path . "
It 's only a matter of time before something happens , " said one resident .
Listen , we like GPS as much as the next sense - of - direction - impaired driver .
But we also do our best to use our eyes , as well .
And if you do n't , well , there 's a village in England named for you , and it ai n't Luckington .
Read - Luckington
Read - Crackpot
Tea , when we hear the word , almost all of us want to have it right now .
Did you know that there are more than 100 kinds of tea from all
Ken Miller 's Home Page Ken Miller  Other Articles on Evolution The Flagellum Unspun
The Collapse of " Irreducible Complexity " Kenneth R. Miller
Brown University
Providence , Rhode Island 02912 USA
This is a pre-publication copy of an article that appeared in " Debating Design from Darwin to DNA , " edited by Michael Ruse and William Dembski .
Debating Design is available from Amazon.com .
Almost from the moment The Origin of Species was published in 1859 , the opponents of evolution have fought a long , losing battle against their Darwinian foes .
Today , like a prizefighter in the late rounds losing badly on points , they 've placed their hopes in one big punch  a single claim that might smash through the overwhelming weight of scientific evidence to bring Darwin to the canvas once and for all .
Their name for this virtual roundhouse right is " intelligent design . "
In the last several years , the intelligent design movement has attempted to move against science education standards in several American states , most famously in Kansas and Ohio ( Holden 1999 ; Gura 2002 ) .
The principal claim made by adherents of this view is that they can detect the presence of " intelligent design " in complex biological systems .
As evidence , they cite a number of specific examples , including the vertebrate blood clotting cascade , the eukaryotic cilium , and most notably , the eubacterial flagellum ( Behe 1996a , Behe 2002 ) .
Of all these examples , the flagellum has been presented so often as a counter - example to evolution that it might well be considered the " poster child " of the modern anti-evolution movement .
Variations of its image ( Figure 1 ) now appear on web pages of anti-evolution groups like the Discovery Institute , and on the covers of " intelligent design " books such as William Dembski's No Free Lunch ( Dembski 2002a ) .
To anti-evolutionists , the high status of the flagellum reflects the supposed fact that it could not possibly have been produced by an evolutionary pathway .
Figure 1 : The eubacterial flagellum .
The flagellum is an ion-powered rotary motor , anchored in the membranes surrounding the bacterial cell .
This schematic diagram highlights the assembly process of the bacterial flagellar filament and the cap - filament complex .
OM , outer membrane ; PG , peptidoglycan layer ; IM , cytoplasmic membrane ( From Yonekura et al 2000 ) .
There is , to be sure , nothing new or novel in an anti-evolutionist pointing to a complex or intricate natural structure , and professing skepticism that it could have been produced by the " random " processes of mutation and natural selection .
Nonetheless , the " argument from personal incredulity , " as such sentiment has been appropriately described , has been a weapon of little value in the anti-evolution movement .
Anyone can state at any time that they cannot imagine how evolutionary mechanisms might have produced a certain species , organ , structure .
Such statements , obviously , are personal  and they say more about the limitations of those who make them than they do about the limitations of Darwinian mechanisms .
The hallmark of the intelligent design movement , however , is that it purports to rise above the level of personal skepticism .
It claims to have found a reason why evolution could not have produced a structure like the bacterial flagellum , a reason based on sound , solid scientific evidence .
Why does the intelligent design movement regard the flagellum as unevolvable ?
Because it is said to possesses a quality known as " irreducible complexity . "
Irreducibly complex structures , we are told , could not have been produced by evolution , or , for that matter , by any natural process .
They do exist , however , and therefore they must have been produced by something .
That something could only be an outside intelligent agency operating beyond the laws of nature  an intelligent designer .
That , simply stated , is the core of the new argument from design , and the intellectual basis of the intelligent design movement .
The great irony of the flagellum 's increasing acceptance as an icon of anti-evolution is that fact that research had demolished its status as an example of irreducible complexity almost at the very moment it was first proclaimed .
The purpose of this article is to explore the arguments by which the flagellum 's notoriety has been achieved , and to review the research developments that have now undermined they very foundations of those arguments .
The Argument 's Origins
The flagellum owes its status principally to Darwin 's Black Box ( Behe 1996a ) a book by Michael Behe that employed it in a carefully - crafted anti-evolution argument .
Building upon William Paley 's well - known " argument from design , " Behe sought to bring the argument two centuries forward into the realm of biochemistry .
Like Paley , Behe appealed to his readers to appreciate the intricate complexity of living organisms as evidence for the work of a designer .
Unlike Paley , however , he raised the argument to a new level , claiming to have discovered a scientific principle that could be used to prove that certain structures could not have been produced by evolution .
That principle goes by the name of " irreducible complexity . "
An irreducibly complex structure is defined as " . . . a single system composed of several well - matched , interacting parts that contribute to the basic function , wherein the removal of any one of the parts causes the system to effectively cease functioning . "
( Behe 1996a , 39 ) Why would such systems present difficulties for Darwinism ?
Because they could not possibly have been produced by the process of evolution :
" An irreducibly complex system cannot be produced directly by numerous , successive , slight modifications of a precursor system , because any precursor to an irreducibly complex system that is missing a part is by definition nonfunctional .
....
Since natural selection can only choose systems that are already working , then if a biological system cannot be produced gradually it would have to arise as an integrated unit , in one fell swoop , for natural selection to have anything to act on . "
( Behe 1996 b )
The phrase " numerous , successive , slight modifications " is not accidental .
The very same words were used by Charles Darwin in The Origin of Species in describing the conditions that had to be met for his theory to be true .
As Darwin wrote , if one could find an organ or structure that could not have been formed by " numerous , successive , slight modifications , " his " theory would absolutely break down " ( Darwin 1859 , 191 ) .
To anti-evolutionists , the bacterial flagellum is now regarded as exactly such a case  an " irreducibly complex system " which " cannot be produced directly by numerous successive , slight modifications . "
A system that could not have evolved  a desperation punch that just might win the fight in the final round  a tool with which the theory of evolution can be brought down .
The Logic of Irreducible Complexity Living cells are filled , of course , with complex structures whose detailed evolutionary origins are not known .
Therefore , in fashioning an argument against evolution one might pick nearly any cellular structure , the ribosome for example , and claim  correctly  that its origin has not been explained in detail by evolution .
Such arguments are easy to make , of course , but nature of scientific progress renders them far from compelling .
The lack of a detailed current explanation for a structure , organ , or process does not mean that science will never come up with one .
As an example , one might consider the question of how left - right asymmetry arises in vertebrate development , a question that was beyond explanation until the 1990s ( Belmonte 1999 ) .
In 1990 one might have argued that the body 's left - right asymmetry could just as well be explained by the intervention of a designer as by an unknown molecular mechanism .
Only a decade later , the actual molecular mechanism was identified ( Stern 2002 ) , and any claim one might have made for the intervention of a designer would have been discarded .
The same point can be made , of course , regarding any structure or mechanism whose origins are not yet understood .
The utility of the bacterial flagellum is that it seems to rise above this " argument from ignorance . "
By asserting that it is a structure " in which the removal of an element would cause the whole system to cease functioning " ( Behe 2002 ) , the flagellum is presented as a " molecular machine " whose individual parts must have been specifically crafted to work as a unified assembly .
The existence of such a multipart machine therefore provides genuine scientific proof of the actions of an intelligent designer .
In the case of the flagellum , the assertion of irreducible complexity means that a minimum number of protein components , perhaps 30 , are required to produce a working biological function .
By the logic of irreducible complexity , these individual components should have no function until all 30 are put into place , at which point the function of motility appears .
What this means , of course , is that evolution could not have fashioned those components a few at a time , since they do not have functions that could be favored by natural selection .
As Behe wrote : " . . . natural selection can only choose among systems that are already working " ( Behe 2002 ) , and an irreducibly complex system does not work unless all of its parts are in place .
The flagellum is irreducibly complex , and therefore , it must have been designed .
Case closed .
Answering the Argument
The assertion that cellular machines are irreducibly complex , and therefore provide proof of design , has not gone unnoticed by the scientific community .
A number of detailed rebuttals have appeared in the literature , and many have pointed out the poor reasoning of recasting the classic argument from design in the modern language of biochemistry ( Coyne 1996 ; Miller 1996 ; Depew 1998 ; Thornhill and Ussery 2000 ) .
I have suggested elsewhere that the scientific literature contains counter - examples to any assertion that evolution cannot explain biochemical complexity ( Miller 1999 , 147 ) , and other workers have addressed the issue of how evolutionary mechanisms allow biological systems to increase in information content ( Schneider 2000 ; Adami , Ofria , and Collier 2000 ) .
The most powerful rebuttals to the flagellum story , however , have not come from direct attempts to answer the critics of evolution .
Rather , they have emerged from the steady progress of scientific work on the genes and proteins associated with the flagellum and other cellular structures .
Such studies have now established that the entire premise by which this molecular machine has been advanced as an argument against evolution is wrong  the bacterial flagellum is not irreducibly complex .
As we will see , the flagellum  the supreme example of the power of this new " science of design "  has failed its most basic scientific test .
Remember the claim that " any precursor to an irreducibly complex system that is missing a part is by definition nonfunctional ? "
As the evidence has shown , nature is filled with examples of " precursors " to the flagellum that are indeed " missing a part , " and yet are fully - functional .
Functional enough , in some cases , to pose a serious threat to human life .
The Type - III Secretory Apparatus
In the popular imagination , bacteria are " germs "  tiny microscopic bugs that make us sick .
Microbiologists smile at that generalization , knowing that most bacteria are perfectly benign , and many are beneficial  even essential  to human life .
Nonetheless , there are indeed bacteria that produce diseases , ranging from the mildly unpleasant to the truly dangerous .
Pathogenic , or disease - causing , bacteria threaten the organisms they infect in a variety of ways , one of which is to produce poisons and inject them directly into the cells of the body .
Once inside , these toxins break down and destroy the host cells , producing illness , tissue damage , and sometimes even death .
In order to carry out this diabolical work , bacteria must not only produce the protein toxins that bring about the demise of their hosts , but they must efficiently inject them across the cell membranes and into the cells of their hosts .
They do this by means of any number of specialized protein secretory systems .
One , known as the type III secretory system ( TTSS ) , allows gram negative bacteria to translocate proteins directly into the cytoplasm of a host cell ( Heuck 1998 ) .
The proteins transferred through the TTSS include a variety of truly dangerous molecules , some of which are known as " virulence factors , " and are directly responsible for the pathogenic activity of some of the most deadly bacteria in existence ( Büttner and Bonas 2002 ; Heuck 1998 ) .
At first glance , the existence of the TTSS , a nasty little device that allows bacteria to inject these toxins through the cell membranes of its unsuspecting hosts , would seem to have little to do with the flagellum .
However , molecular studies of proteins in the TTSS have revealed a surprising fact  the proteins of the TTSS are directly homologous to the proteins in the basal portion of the bacterial flagellum .
As figure 2 ( Heuck 1998 ) shows , these homologies extend to a cluster of closely - associated proteins found in both of these molecular " machines . "
On the basis of these homologies , McNab ( McNab 1999 ) has argued that the flagellum itself should be regarded as a type III secretory system .
Extending such studies with a detailed comparison of the proteins associated with both systems , Aizawa has seconded this suggestion , noting that the two systems " consist of homologous component proteins with common physico - chemical properties " ( Aizawa 2001 , 163 ) .
It is now clear , therefore , that a smaller subset of the full complement of proteins in the flagellum makes up the functional transmembrane portion of the TTSS .
Figure 2 : There are extensive homologies between type III secretory proteins and proteins involved in export in the basal region of the bacterial flagellum .
These homologies demonstrate that the bacterial flagellum is not " irreducibly complex . "
In this diagram ( redrawn from Heuck 1998 ) , the shaded portions of the basal region indicate proteins in the E. coli flagellum homologous to the Type III secretory structure of Yersinia . .
OM , outer membrane ; PP , periplasmic space ; CM , cytoplasmic membrane .
Stated directly , the TTSS does its dirty work using a handful of proteins from the base of the flagellum .
From the evolutionary point of view , this relationship is hardly surprising .
In fact , it 's to be expected that the opportunism of evolutionary processes would mix and match proteins to produce new and novel functions .
According to the doctrine of irreducible complexity , however , this should not be possible .
If the flagellum is indeed irreducibly complex , then removing just one part , let alone 10 or 15 , should render what remains " by definition nonfunctional . "
Yet the TTSS is indeed fully - functional , even though it is missing most of the parts of the flagellum .
The TTSS may be bad news for us , but for the bacteria that possess it , it is a truly valuable biochemical machine .
The existence of the TTSS in a wide variety of bacteria demonstrates that a small portion of the " irreducibly complex " flagellum can indeed carry out an important biological function .
Since such a function is clearly favored by natural selection , the contention that the flagellum must be fully - assembled before any of its component parts can be useful is obviously incorrect .
What this means is that the argument for intelligent design of the flagellum has failed .
Counterattack Classically , one of the most widely - repeated charges made by anti-evolutionists is that the fossil record contains wide " gaps " for which transitional fossils have never been found .
Therefore , the intervention of a creative agency , an intelligent designer , must be invoked to account for each gap .
Such gaps , of course , have been filled with increasing frequency by paleontologists  the increasingly rich fossil sequences demonstrating the origins of whales are a useful examples ( Thewissen , Hussain , and Arif 1994 ; Thewissen , Williams , Roe , and Hussain 2001 ) .
Ironically , the response of anti-evolutionists to such discoveries is frequently to claim that things have only gotten worse for evolution .
Where previously there had been just one gap , as a result of the transitional fossil , now there are two ( one on either side of the newly - discovered specimen ) .
As word of the relationship between the eubacterial flagellum and the TTSS has begun to spread among the " design " community , the first hints of a remarkably similar reaction have emerged .
The TTSS only makes problems worse for evolution , according to this response , because now there are two irreducibly - complex systems to deal with .
The flagellum is still irreducibly complex  but so is the TTSS .
But now there are two systems for evolutionists to explain instead of just one .
Unfortunately for this line of argument , the claim that one irreducibly - complex system might contain another is self - contradictory .
To understand this , we need to remember that the entire point of the design argument , as exemplified by the flagellum , is that only the entire biochemical machine , with all of its parts , is functional .
For the intelligent design argument to stand , this must be the case , since it provides the basis for their claim that only the complete flagellum can be favored by natural selection , not any its component parts .
However , if the flagellum contains within it a smaller functional set of components like the TTSS , then the flagellum itself cannot be irreducibly complex  by definition .
Since we now know that this is indeed the case , it is obviously true that the flagellum is not irreducibly complex .
A second reaction , which I have heard directly after describing the relationship between the secretory apparatus and the flagellum , is the objection that the TTSS does not tell us how either it or the flagellum evolved .
This is certainly true , although Aizawa has suggested that the TTSS may indeed be an evolutionary precursor of the flagellum ( Aizawa 2001 ) .
Nonetheless , until we have produced a step - by - step account for the evolutionary derivation of the flagellum , one may indeed invoke the argument from ignorance for this and every other complex biochemical machine .
However , in agreeing to this , one must keep in mind that the doctrine of irreducible complexity was intended to go one step beyond the claim of ignorance .
It was fashioned in order to provide a rationale for claiming that the bacterial flagellum could n't have evolved , even in principle , because it is irreducibly complex .
Now that a simpler , functional system ( the TTSS ) has been discovered among the protein components of the flagellum , the claim of irreducible complexity has collapsed , and with it any " evidence " that the flagellum was designed .
Combinatorial Argument
At first glance , William Dembski's case for intelligent design seems to follow a distinctly different strategy in dealing with biological complexity .
His recent book , No Free Lunch ( Dembski 2002a ) , lays out this case , using information theory and mathematics to show that life is the result of intelligent design .
Dembski makes the assertion that living organisms contain what he calls " complex specified information " ( CSI ) , and claims to have shown that the evolutionary mechanism of natural selection cannot produce CSI .
Therefore , any instance of CSI in a living organism must be the result of intelligent design .
And living organisms , according to Dembski , are chock - full of CSI .
Dembski's arguments , couched in the language of information theory , are highly technical and are defended , almost exclusively , by reference to their utility in detecting information produced by human beings .
These include phone and credit card numbers , symphonies , and artistic woodcuts , to name just a few .
One might then expect that Dembski , having shown how the presence of CSI can be demonstrated in man made objects , would then turn to a variety of biological objects .
Instead , he turns to just one such object , the bacterial flagellum .
Dembski then offers his readers a calculation showing that the flagellum could not have possibly have evolved .
Significantly , he begins that calculation by linking his arguments to those of Behe , writing : " I want therefore in this section to show how irreducible complexity is a special case of specified complexity , and in particular I want to sketch how one calculates the relevant probabilities needed to eliminate chance and infer design for such systems " ( Dembski 2002a , 289 ) .
Dembski then tells us that an irreducibly complex system , like the flagellum , is a " discrete combinatorial object . "
What this means , as he explains , is that the probability of assembling such an object can be calculated by determining the probabilities that each of its components might have originated by chance , that they might have been localized to the same region of the cell , and that they would be assembled in precisely the right order .
Dembski refers to these three probabilities as P orig , P local , and P config , and he regards each of them as separate and independent ( Dembski 2002a , 291 ) .
This approach overlooks the fact that the last two probabilities are actually contained within the first .
Localization and self - assembly of complex protein structures in prokaryotic cells are properties generally determined by signals built into the primary structures of the proteins themselves .
The same is likely true for the amino acid sequences of the 30 or so protein components of the flagellum and the approximately 20 proteins involved in the flagellum 's assembly ( McNab 1999 ; Yonekura et al 2000 ) .
Therefore , if one gets the sequences of all the proteins right , localization and assembly will take care of themselves .
To the ID enthusiast , however , this is a point of little concern .
According to Dembski , evolution could still not construct the 30 proteins needed for the flagellum .
His reason is that the probability of their assembly falls below what he terms the " universal probability bound . "
According to Dembski , the probability bound is a sensible allowance for the fact that highly improbable events do occur from time to time in nature .
To allow for such events , he agrees that given enough time , any event with a probability larger than 10 - 150 might well take place .
Therefore , if a sequence of events , such as a presumed evolutionary pathway , has a calculated probability less than 10 - 150 , we may conclude that the pathway is impossible .
If the calculated probability is greater than 10 - 150 , it 's possible ( even if unlikely ) .
When Dembski turns his attention to the chances of evolving the 30 proteins of the bacterial flagellum , he makes what he regards as a generous assumption .
Guessing that each of the proteins of the flagellum have about 300 amino acids , one might calculate that the chances of getting just one such protein to assemble from " random " evolutionary processes would be 20 - 300 , since there are 20 amino acids specified by the genetic code .
Dembski , however , concedes that proteins need not get the exact amino acid sequence right in order to be functional , so he cuts the odds to just 20 - 30 , which he tells his readers is " on the order of 10 - 39 " ( Dembski 2002a , 301 ) .
Since the flagellum requires 30 such proteins , he explains that 30 such probabilities " will all need to be multiplied to form the origination probability " ( Dembski 2002a , 301 ) .
That would give us an origination probability for the flagellum of 10 - 1170 , far below the universal probability bound .
The flagellum could n't have evolved , and now we have the numbers to prove it .
Right ?
Assuming Impossibility I have no doubt that to the casual reader , a quick glance over the pages of numbers and symbols in Dembski's books is impressive , if not downright intimidating .
Nonetheless , the way in which he calculates the probability of an evolutionary origin for the flagellum shows how little biology actually stands behind those numbers .
His computation calculates only the probability of spontaneous , random assembly for each of the proteins of the flagellum .
Having come up with a probability value on the order of 10 - 1170 , he assures us that he has shown the flagellum to be unevolvable .
This conclusion , of course , fits comfortably with his view is that " The Darwinian mechanism is powerless to produce irreducibly complex systems ... " ( Dembski 2002a , 289 ) .
However complex Dembski's analysis , the scientific problem with his calculations is almost too easy to spot .
By treating the flagellum as a " discrete combinatorial object " he has shown only that it is unlikely that the parts flagellum could assemble spontaneously .
Unfortunately for his argument , no scientist has ever proposed that the flagellum or any other complex object evolved that way .
Dembski , therefore , has constructed a classic " straw man " and blown it away with an irrelevant calculation .
By treating the flagellum as a discrete combinatorial object he has assumed in his calculation that no subset of the 30 or so proteins of the flagellum could have biological activity .
As we have already seen , this is wrong .
Nearly a third of those proteins are closely related to components of the TTSS , which does indeed have biological activity .
A calculation that ignores that fact has no scientific validity .
More importantly , Dembski's willingness to ignore the TTSS lays bare the underlying assumption of his entire approach towards the calculation of probabilities and the detection of " design . "
He assumes what he is trying to prove .
According to Dembski , the detection of " design " requires that an object display complexity that could not be produced by what he calls " natural causes . "
In order to do that , one must first examine all of the possibilities by which an object , like the flagellum , might have been generated naturally .
Dembski and Behe , of course , come to the conclusion that there are no such natural causes .
But how did they determine that ?
What is the scientific method used to support such a conclusion ?
Could it be that their assertions of the lack of natural causes simply amount to an unsupported personal belief ?
Suppose that there are such causes , but they simply happened not to think of them ?
Dembski actually seems to realize that this is a serious problem .
He writes : " Now it can happen that we may not know enough to determine all the relevant chance hypotheses [ which here , as noted above , means all relevant natural processes ( hvt ) ] .
Alternatively , we might think we know the relevant chance hypotheses , but later discover that we missed a crucial one .
In the one case a design inference could not even get going ; in the other , it would be mistaken " ( Dembski 2002 , 123 ( note 80 ) ) .
What Dembski is telling us is that in order to " detect " design in a biological object one must first come to the conclusion that the object could not have been produced by any " relevant chance hypotheses " ( meaning , naturally , evolution ) .
Then , and only then , are Dembski 's calculations brought into play .
Stated more bluntly , what this really means is that the " method " first involves assuming the absence of an evolutionary pathway leading to the object , followed by a calculation " proving " the impossibility of spontaneous assembly .
Incredibly , this a priori reasoning is exactly the sort of logic upon which the new " science of design " has been constructed .
Not surprisingly , scientific reviewers have not missed this point 
Dembski's arguments have been repeatedly criticized on this issue and on many others ( Orr 2002 ; Charlesworth 2002 ; Padian 2002 ) .
Designing the Cycle
In assessing the design argument , therefore , it only seems as though two distinct arguments have been raised for the unevolvability of the flagellum .
In reality , those two arguments , one invoking irreducible complexity and the other specified complex information , both depend upon a single scientifically insupportable position .
Namely , that we can look at a complex biological object and determine with absolute certainty that none of its component parts could have been first selected to perform other functions .
The discovery of extensive homologies between the Type III secretory system and the flagellum has now shown just how wrong that position was .
When anti-evolutionary arguments featuring the bacterial flagellum rose into prominence , beginning with the 1996 publication of Darwin 's Black Box ( Behe 1996a ) , they were predicated upon the assertion that each of the protein components of the flagellum were crafted , in a single act of design , to fit the specific purpose of the flagellum .
The flagellum was said to be unevolvable since the entire complex system had to be assembled first in order to produce any selectable biological function .
This claim was broadened to include all complex biological systems , and asserted further that science would never find an evolutionary pathway to any of these systems .
After all , it had n't so far , at least according to one of " design 's " principal advocates :
There is no publication in the scientific literature  in prestigious journals , specialty journals , or books  that describes how molecular evolution of any real , complex , biochemical system either did occur or even might have occurred .
( Behe 1996a , 185 )
As many critics of intelligent design have pointed out , that statement is simply false .
Consider , as just one example , the Krebs cycle , an intricate biochemical pathway consisting of nine enzymes and a number of cofactors that occupies center stage in the pathways of cellular metabolism .
The Krebs cycle is " real , " " complex , " and " biochemical . "
Does it also present a problem for evolution ?
Apparently yes , according to the authors of a 1996 paper in the Journal of Molecular evolution , who wrote :
" The Krebs cycle has been frequently quoted as a key problem in the evolution of living cells , hard to explain by Darwins natural selection :
How could natural selection explain the building of a complicated structure in toto , when the intermediate stages have no obvious fitness functionality ?
( Melendez - Hevia , Wadell , and Cascante 1996 )
Where intelligent design theorists throw up their hands and declare defeat for evolution , however , these researchers decided to do the hard scientific work of analyzing the components of the cycle , and seeing if any of them might have been selected for other biochemical tasks .
What they found should be a lesson to anyone who asserts that evolution can only act by direct selection for a final function .
In fact , nearly all of the proteins of the complex cycle can serve different biochemical purposes within the cell , making it possible to explain in detail how they evolved :
In the Krebs cycle problem the intermediary stages were also useful , but for different purposes , and , therefore , its complete design was a very clear case of opportunism .
. . . the Krebs cycle was built through the process that Jacob ( 1977 ) called evolution by molecular tinkering ,  stating that evolution does not produce novelties from scratch :
It works on what already exists .
The most novel result of our analysis is seeing how , with minimal new material , evolution created the most important pathway of metabolism , achieving the best chemically possible design .
In this case , a chemical engineer who was looking for the best design of the process could not have found a better design than the cycle which works in living cells . "
( Melendez - Hevia , Wadell , and Cascante 1996 )
Since this paper appeared , a study based on genomic DNA sequences has confirmed the validity of this approach ( Huynen , Dandekar , and Bork 1999 ) .
By contrast , how would intelligent design have approached the Krebs Cycle ?
Using Dembski's calculations as our guide , we would first determine the amino acid sequences of each of the proteins of the cycle , and then calculate the probability of their spontaneous assembly .
When this is done , an origination probability of less than 10 - 400 is the result .
Therefore , the result of applying " design " as a predictive science would have told both groups of researchers that their ultimately successful studies would have been fruitless , since the probability of spontaneous assembly falls below the " universal probability bound . "
We already know , however , the reason that such calculations fail .
They carry a built - in assumption that the component parts of a complex biochemical system have no possible functions beyond the completely assembled system itself .
As we have seen , this assumption is false .
The Krebs cycle researchers knew better , of course , and were able to produce two important studies describing how a real , complex , biochemical system might have evolved  the very thing that design theorists once claimed did not exist in the scientific literature .
The Failure of Design
It is no secret that concepts like " irreducible complexity " and " intelligent design " have failed to take the scientific community by storm ( Forrest 2002 ) .
Design has not prompted new research studies , new breakthroughs , or novel insights on so much as a single scientific question .
Design advocates acknowledge this from time to time , but they often claim that this is because the scientific deck is stacked against them .
The Darwinist establishment , they say , prevents them from getting a foot in the laboratory door .
I would suggest that the real reason for the cold shoulder given " design " by the scientific community , particularly by life science researchers , is because time and time again its principal scientific claims have turned out to be wrong .
Science is a pragmatic activity , and if your hypothesis does n't work , it is quickly discarded .
The claim of irreducible complexity for the bacterial flagellum is an obvious example of this , but there are many others .
Consider , for example , the intricate cascade of proteins involved in the clotting of vertebrate blood .
This has been cited as one of the principal examples of the kind of complexity that evolution cannot generate , despite the elegant work of Russell Doolittle ( Doolittle and Feng 1987 ; Doolittle 1993 ) to the contrary .
A number of proteins are involved in this complex pathway , as described by Behe :
When an animal is cut , a protein called Hagemann factor ( XII ) sticks to the surface of cells near the wound .
Bound Hagemann factor is then cleaved by a protein called HMK to yield activated Hagemann factor .
Immediately the activated Hagemann factor converts another protein , called prekallikrein , to its active form , kallikrein .
( Behe 1996a , 84 )
How important are each of these proteins ?
In line with the dogma of irreducible complexity , Behe argues that each and every component must be in place before the system will work , and he is perfectly clear on this point :
. . . none of the cascade proteins are used for anything except controlling the formation of a clot .
Yet in the absence of any of the components , blood does not clot , and the system fails .
( Behe 1996a , 86 )
As we have seen , the claim that every one of the components must be present for clotting to work is central to the " evidence " for design .
One of those components , as these quotations indicate , is Factor XII , which initiates the cascade .
Once again , however , a nasty little fact gets in the way of intelligent design theory .
Dolphins lack Factor XII ( Robinson , Kasting , and Aggeler 1969 ) , and yet their blood clots perfectly well .
How can this be if the clotting cascade is indeed irreducibly complex ?
It cannot , of course , and therefore the claim of irreducible complexity is wrong for this system as well .
I would suggest , therefore , that the real reason for the rejection of " design " by the scientific community is remarkably simple  the claims of the intelligent design movement are contradicted time and time again by the scientific evidence .
The Flagellum Unspun
In any discussion of the question of " intelligent design , " it is absolutely essential to determine what is meant by the term itself .
If , for example , the advocates of design wish to suggest that the intricacies of nature , life , and the universe reveal a world of meaning and purpose consistent with an overarching , possibly Divine intelligence , then their point is philosophical , not scientific .
It is a philosophical point of view , incidentally , that I share , along with many scientists .
As H. Allen
Orr pointed out in a recent review :
Plenty of scientists have , after all , been attracted to the notion that natural laws reflect ( in some way that 's necessarily poorly articulated ) an intelligence or aesthetic sensibility .
This is the religion of Einstein , who spoke of " the grandeur of reason incarnate in existence " and of the scientist 's " religious feeling [ that ] takes the form of a rapturous amazement at the harmony of natural law . "
( Orr 2002 ) .
This , however , is not what is meant by " intelligent design " in the parlance of the new anti-evolutionists .
Their views demand not a universe in which the beauty and harmony of natural law has brought a world of vibrant and fruitful life into existence , but rather a universe in which the emergence and evolution of life is made expressly impossible by the very same rules .
Their view requires that the source of each and every novelty of life was the direct and active involvement of an outside designer whose work violated the very laws of nature he had fashioned .
The world of intelligent design is not the bright and innovative world of life that we have come to know through science .
Rather , it is a brittle and unchanging landscape , frozen in form and unable to adapt except at the whims of its designer .
Certainly , the issue of design and purpose in nature is a philosophical one that scientists can and should discuss with great vigor .
However , the notion at the heart's of today intelligent design movement is that the direct intervention of an outside designer can be demonstrated by the very existence of complex biochemical systems .
What even they acknowledge is that their entire scientific position rests upon a single assertion  that the living cell contains biochemical machines that are irreducibly complex .
And the bacterial flagellum is the prime example of such a machine .
Such an assertion , as we have seen , can be put to the test in a very direct way .
If we are able to search and find an example of a machine with fewer protein parts , contained within the flagellum , that serves a purpose distinct from motility , the claim of irreducible complexity is refuted .
As we have also seen , the flagellum does indeed contain such a machine , a protein - secreting apparatus that carries out an important function even in species that lack the flagellum altogether .
A scientific idea rises or falls on the weight of the evidence , and the evidence in the case of the bacterial flagellum is abundantly clear .
As an icon of anti-evolution , the flagellum has fallen .
The very existence of the Type III Secretory System shows that the bacterial flagellum is not irreducibly complex .
It also demonstrates , more generally , that the claim of " irreducible complexity " is scientifically meaningless , constructed as it is upon the flimsiest of foundations  the assertion that because science has not yet found selectable functions for the components of a certain structure , it never will .
In the final analysis , as the claims of intelligent design fall by the wayside , its advocates are left with a single , remaining tool with which to battle against the rising tide of scientific evidence .
That tool may be effective in some circles , of course , but the scientific community will be quick to recognize it for what it really is  the classic argument from ignorance , dressed up in the shiny cloth of biochemistry and information theory .
When three leading advocates of intelligent design were recently given a chance to make their case in an issue of Natural History magazine , they each concluded their articles with a plea for design .
One wrote that we should recognize " the design inherent in life and the universe " ( Behe 2002 ) , another that " design remains a possibility " ( Wells 2002 ) , and another " that the natural sciences need to leave room for design " ( Dembski 2002 b ) .
Yes , it is true .
Design does remain a possibility , but not the type of " intelligent design " of which they speak .
As Darwin wrote , there is grandeur in an evolutionary view of life , a grandeur that is there for all to see , regardless of their philosophical views on the meaning and purpose of life .
I do not believe , even for an instant , that Darwin 's vision has weakened or diminished the sense of wonder and awe that one should feel in confronting the magnificence and diversity of the living world .
Rather , to a person of faith it should enhance their sense of the Creator 's majesty and wisdom ( Miller 1999 ) .
Against such a backdrop , the struggles of the intelligent design movement are best understood as clamorous and disappointing double failures  rejected by science because they do not fit the facts , and having failed religion because they think too little of God.
Ken Miller 's Home Page Ken Miller  Other Articles on Evolution Bibliography
Adami , C. , C. Ofria , and T. C. Collier , 2000 .
Evolution of biological complexity , Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 97 : 44634468 .
Aizawa , S. -I. , 2001 .
Bacterial flagella and type III secretion systems , FEMS Microbiology Letters 202 : 157-164 .
Behe , M , 1996 b .
Evidence for Intelligent Design from Biochemistry , a speech given at the Discovery Institute 's God & Culture Conference , August 10 , 1996 Seattle , WA .
Available from World Wide Web : http://www.arn.org/docs/behe/mb_idfrombiochemistry.htm
Behe , M. 1996 a. Darwin's Black Box .
New York : The Free Press .
Behe , M. , 2002 .
The challenge of irreducible complexity , Natural History 111 ( April ) : 74 .
Büttner D. , and U. Bonas , 2002 .
Port of entry - the Type III secretion translocon , Trends in Microbiology 10 : 186-191 .
Belmonte , J. C. I. , 1999 .
How the body tells right from left .
Scientific American 280 ( June ) : 46 -51 . Charlesworth , B. , 2002 .
Evolution by Design ?
Nature 418 : 129 .
Coyne , J. A. , 1996 .
God in the details , Nature 383 : 227-228 .
Darwin , C. 1872 .
The Origin of Species ( 6th edition ) .
London : Oxford University Press . Dembski , W. 2002a , No Free Lunch :
Why specified complexity cannot be purchased without intelligence .
Lanham , Maryland : Rowman & Littlefield .
Dembski , W. , 2002b .
Detecting design in the natural sciences , Natural History 111 ( April ) : 76 .
Depew , D. J. ( 1998 ) , Intelligent design and irreducible complexity : A rejoinder .
Rhetoric and Public Affairs 1 : 571-578 .
Doolittle , R. F. , 1993 .
The evolution of vertebrate blood coagulation : A case of yin and yang , Thrombosis and Heamostasis 70 : 24 -28 .
Doolittle , R. F. , and D. F. Feng , 1987 .
Reconstructing the evolution of vertebrate blood coagulation from a consideration of the amino acid sequences of clotting proteins .
Cold Spring Harbor Symposia on Quantitative Biology 52 : 869-874 . Forrest B. , 2002 .
The newest evolution of creationism .
Natural History 111 ( April ) : 80 .
Gura , T. , 2002 , Evolution Critics seek role for unseen hand in education .
Nature 416 : 250 .
Heuck , C. J. , 1998 .
Type III protein secretion systems in bacterial pathogens of animals and plants , Microbiol .
Mol. Biol .
Rev. 62 : 379-433 .
Holden , C. , 1999 .
Kansas Dumps Darwin , Raises Alarm Across the United States .
Science 285 : 1186-1187 .
Huynen , M. A. , T. Dandekar , and P. Bork ( 1999 ) Variation and evolution of the citric - acid cycle : a genomic perspective .
Trends in Microbiology 7 : 281-291. McNab , R. M. , 1999 .
The Bacterial Flagellum : Reversible Rotary Propellor and Type III Export Apparatus .
Journal of Bacteriology 181 : 71497153 . Melendez - Hevia , E. , T. G. Wadell , and M. Cascante , 1996 .
The puzzle of the Krebs citric acid cycle : Assembling the pieces of chemically feasible reactions , and opportunism in the design of metabolic pathways during evolution .
J. Molecular Evolution 43 : 293303 Miller , K. R. 1999 .
Finding Darwin's God. New York : Harper Collins .
Miller , K. R. , 1996 .
A review of Darwin's Black Box , Creation / Evolution 16 : 36 - 40 .
Orr , H. A. , 2002 .
The Return of Intelligent Design , The Boston Review ( Summer 2002 Issue ) .
Padian , K. , 2002 .
Waiting for the Watchmaker , Science 295 : 2373-2374 .
Pennock , R. T. , 2001 .
Intelligent Design Creationism and Its Critics : Philosophical , Theological , and Scientific Perspectives .
Cambridge , Massachusetts : MIT Press .
Robinson , A. J. , M. Kropatkin , and P. M. Aggeler , 1969 .
Hagemann Factor ( Factor XII ) Deficiency in Marine Mammals .
Science 166 : 1420 -1422 .
Schneider , T.D. ( 2000 ) , Evolution of biological information .
Nucleic Acids Research 28 : 2794-2799 .
Stern , C. , 2002 .
Embryology : Fluid flow and broken symmetry , Nature 418 : 29-30 .
Thewissen , J. G , M. , E. M. Williams , L. J. Roe , and S. T. Hussain , 2001 .
Skeletons of terrestrial cetaceans and the relationship of whales to artiodactyls , Nature 413 : 277-281 .
Thewissen , J. G. M. , S. T. Hussain , and M. Arif , 1994 .
Fossil evidence for the origin of aquatic locomotion in archaeocete whales , Science 286 : 210-212 .
Thornhill , R. H. , and D. W. and Ussery , 2000 .
A classification of possible routes of Darwinian evolution , The Journal of Theoretical Biology 203 : 111-116 .
Wells , J , 2002 .
Elusive Icons of Evolution , Natural History 111 ( April ) : 78 .
Yonekura , K. , S. Maki , D. G. Morgan , D. J. DeRosier , F.Vonderviszt , K.Imada , and K. Namba , 2000 .
The Bacterial Flagellar Cap as the Rotary Promoter of Flagellin Self - Assembly , Science 290 : 2148-2152 .
Sportlertrick Bälle mit Drall überfordern das Hirn
Warum erzielen Profi-Kicker mit kunstvoll angeschnittenen Freistößen so viele Tore ?
Forscher glauben , eine Antwort gefunden zu haben : Bälle mit Effet bereiten dem menschlichen Hirn ziemlichen Ärger .
AMONG the attractions that led the conquistadors to hazard their lives on the Atlantic , alongside dreams of mountains of silver and men slicked head to foot in gold , lay the thought of a fountain of perpetual youth .
Where this fountain was , no one could say exactly .
They would know they had found it when , stumbling on some hidden valley , they would see centenarians tilling the fields and dancing with the energy of young men .
The New World was found ; the fountain was not , though Ponce de León , sweating through Florida , surely had premonitions of geriatric aerobics to come .
By the 20th century , the mythical source of youth had become politicised and had shifted continents .
Stalin placed it in the Caucasus , in Georgia and Azerbaijan : for there men and women lived to extraordinary ages , preserved both by pure air and by communism .
The connection of long life with Marxist dialectic is not proven , but in Cuba it is assumed .
There , at the International Conference on Satisfactory Longevity in May last year , Mercedes Matilde Nuñez , aged 102 , sang a popular song ; Juana Hernández Fernández , 103 , and Professor Eduardo , 104 , waltzed round the room to the tune “ Almendra ” ; and Amada Hernández Fernández , 102 , announced that she should really be in the kitchen , cooking up a storm of rice , chicken and vegetables with plenty of garlic and coriander .
The star of the show , however , was Benito Martínez Abrogán .
He was not there in person , because he preferred to stay 240 miles east in Ciego de Ávila , breeding fighting cocks , growing bananas and tripping the light fantastic with any young nurse he could grab at the senior citizens ' centre .
He had turned up there on June 19th 2005 looking impressively dapper , in a woollen jacket and trilby hat and a freshly ironed shirt , to celebrate his 125th birthday .
His precise age was something of a mystery .
According to his Cuban identity papers he had been in Cuba since 1925 , but his age on arrival was uncertain .
He had come from Haiti , and remembered just a little of it : a childhood spent near Cavaellon , a few words of Creole .
The Cuban government sent officials to Haiti to check , but they turned up nothing .
More officials talked to Mr Martínez 's oldest neighbours ; they attested that he had always been the most elderly person they knew .
The man himself , beaming his huge toothless smile , declared that his year of birth was 1880 .
He could not tell the time , relying on the sun 's angle and his own instincts to know when to eat or sleep .
But that one date he knew .
“ I am ” , he would say proudly , “ the oldest person in the world . ”
The regime of Fidel Castro concluded that Mr Martínez was perhaps 119 ; but that was good enough .
Whether or not acknowledged by the “ Guinness Book of Records ” , it beat Elizabeth Bolden of Tennessee , a mere 116 , and thus trumped the United States .
In terms of longevity Cubans already matched Americans , living on average for 77 years .
The country had so many centenarians , 2,721 out of 11.2 m people , that Mr Castro 's own doctor founded a club for them ; and this in a country that spent only $ 251 per head a year on free lifelong health care , against $ 5,711 for patchy , elitist cover in the United States .
Cuba contained , officials said , all the factors for a happy and lively old age : a good genetic mix , a diet without junk food , exercise , motivation and socialist solidarity .
Cassava and pork - fat
Mr Martínez , their poster - boy , certainly got exercise .
He was a labourer all his life , cutting sugar cane ( on Mr Castro 's father 's ranch , among others ) and helping build the Central Highway .
He worked so fast with the guataca , a small hoe , that his friends called him “ El Avión ” , the aeroplane .
Like most Cubans , he had no car ; he biked or walked barefoot , or waited for a fume - spilling bus with that patience and stoicism that calms down stress .
Since food was rationed , he did not eat much except what he could grow .
Apart from all that , his life was not exemplary .
He smoked until the age of 108 or so , cigarettes being handed out cheap among his rations .
He never married , but chased many women .
His “ fresh ” diet was mostly starchy cassava and sweet potatoes cooked in pork fat .
Asked the secret of his youthfulness , he said he had never cheated a man or said bad things of other people .
And he had a good socialist motivation to survive : he wished , someday , to shake Fidel Castro 's hand .
Cuba 's cradle - to - grave health care had in fact done little for him .
He did not consult a doctor until he was around 115 , and never went to hospital until the last few days of his life .
Had he needed care earlier it would have been astonishingly good for a developing country , but standards are lower now than in the past .
Money has been siphoned elsewhere , to “ health tourism ” ; ordinary patients must bring their own lightbulbs and bedsheets .
Cuba 's best levels of health care , like its centenarians , are put on display mostly to show the world what it can do .
And what of that other elderly man , bearded and now frail , recovering slowly from “ intestinal bleeding ” , but still the longest - serving ruler in the world ?
Why , says his optimistic doctor , he may still survive to 125 ; for he is lucky enough to live in Cuba , the site of the Fountain of Youth .
concentration.org
Contact us for any business inquiries
Are you looking for the battery powered chainsaw ?
If you plan to buy one , you need to learn some essential information to ensure maximum safety and performance .
In this article , you will know what exactly a battery - driven chainsaw is , what does it offer , and how to maintain the machine properly .
What is a battery - powered chainsaw ?
It is a handheld chainsaw powered by a battery .
And this machine works by running a saw - toothed chain over a guide bar , creating an elongated chainsaw “ blade ” to cut objects .
Chainsaw sizing
Make sure to choose the right size of your desired chainsaw since both too large and too small units can cause some issues .
It may become a safety hazard or force the motor to overwork .
Based on the length of the guide bar , there are three main sizes of chainsaws as follows :
The mini size
The guide bar length of the mini-sized chainsaw is about 12 - 14 inches .
And the motor is from 30 - 40 cc .
It suits residential users who need to trim overhanging branches .
The mid-size
The guide bar length of this size is 16 - 24 inches .
Its motor is in the 40 - 60 cc range , which is more powerful than the mini size .
Thus , it can deal with medium projects very well .
Heavy - duty
This is the biggest size , even some of you may find it too outrageous .
The guide bar length is over 24 inches in length while the power ranges from 60 cc to 120cc .
Why should you use a battery - powered chainsaw over a gas or corded chainsaw ?
Below are the key reasons :
Compared to 2 - cycle and gasoline models , it ’s easier to use a battery - driven saw .
When using a 2 - cycle or gasoline saw , you may need to handle petrochemicals , breathe toxic exhaust fumes , and put up with loud engine noise for a long time .
These negative things result in some obvious health risks .
Meanwhile , the best battery - powered chainsaw wo n’t bring these issues .
Let ’s discover more specific reasons :
Less engine maintenance than 2 - cycle and gas models
Unlike the big engine of a battery - powered chainsaw , the smaller engines need more expensive maintenance over the years .
In particular , if you leave the fuel in the engine over the winter , some actual chemical changes will happen , for example , losing several volatile compounds , causing oxidation .
For first - time users , transporting , mixing , and storing gasoline are hazardous tasks .
Moreover , it takes longer to fill your engine with gas than popping a battery into your machine .
On the other hand , the engine of the 2 - cycle saw features many parts that will wear out over time .
Safe and convenient cutting when up high
Using a battery - powered chainsaw is more beneficial than a 2 - cycle model when you are in a tree or a lift .
For example , when you need to talk to someone on the ground , you have to turn off the machine to stop the noise , then you must start again .
With the gas model , it ’s essential to pull to start , which is very dangerous when you are up high .
However , in case you use a battery - powered chainsaw , just letting go of the trigger will give you a quiet atmosphere .
Low cost
A long working day with a saw requires a lot of power from fuel and energy from batteries .
And fuel is obviously far more expensive than batteries .
Thus , using a battery - powered chainsaw helps you save a lot of money on buying fuel regularly .
If your battery - powered chainsaw has the ability for solar charging , it helps you save a lot of operating costs within 3 years .
How to use a battery - powered chainsaw ?
After filling your chainsaw with high - quality bar and chain oil , follow the instruction from the manufacturer .
You should run the machine within 30 seconds to make sure that the oil is lubricating .
When starting , cut the small branches from top to bottom .
If you cut those supporting the whole weight of the tree , there will be unexpected accidents .
To remove these branches quickly and conveniently , you had better cut them into small and manageable pieces .
For the best felling cut , cutting a notch in the tree helps you direct it in falling in the desired direction .
Some notes while cutting :
Read the safety information on the manual .
Wear protective items to protect yourself .
Make a specific plan before cutting .
Hire a licensed professional for big projects .
How to maintain a chainsaw
Chainsaw maintenance plays a vital role in keeping your model in good working condition .
Keep in mind the following tips :
Sharpen the chain
You always have to keep a sharp blade for the chainsaw to perform its function properly .
The duller the blade is , the more your motor must work , especially , a dull blade increases safety risks .
Can you manually sharpen your chainsaw yourself ?
Yes , but it will take you a lot of time .
Remember to prepare a chainsaw filing kit and a step - by - step guide .
Keep your chainsaw clean
After each use , you have to remove all debris and dust from your machine properly .
Remember to clean mud and sand as well .
If not , there will be a lot of corrosion on your chainsaw .
Chain tension
Chain tension is vital for the proper operation of the tool .
A too - tight chain can cause it to stall while a too loose chain can break mid-cut or cause it to come off the guide .
Therefore , let ’s adjust the accurate tension through a tension screw located on the guide and near the motor .
Most models available on the market allow you to access the screw without removing the cover , but some of them require you to disassemble the housing .
Even many models are designed with a built - in adjustment knob to tighten and loosen the chain quickly .
Lubricate the chain
Properly lubricating the chain helps you minimize friction when it moves along the guide bar .
This is also a very effective way to maintain a high level of cutting power .
What ’s more , lubricating can decrease the workload on your motor .
Store properly
It ’s better to store your chainsaw in a case or a sheath because the biggest part of the chainsaw exposes all the time .
If you do n’t protect this metal part carefully , there will be unnecessary corrosion .
Why should you use the best battery - powered chainsaw ?
Battery - powered chainsaw helps you complete your cutting projects quickly and easily .
It produces less noise and toxic exhaust fumes , especially , it offers better maneuverability .
If you still wonder about any issue , you can ask me by leaving your comment below .
I do n't know about you , but I got my ~ $ 12 check from the RIAA last year as part of the massive price fixing settlement between the music industry and the states .
As a quick recap , the music industry was running a " minimum advertised pricing " scheme ( MAPS ) , under which they 'd withold valuable in - store promotional materials ( i.e. giant cardboard cut-outs of Outkast , posters of Britney , and the like ) from large retail chains that advertised CDs at low prices as a way of drawing people into the store .
Wal - Mart is one of the chains that uses CDs as a loss leader , so when the feds found that MAPS was another just word for " illegal price fixing " Wal - Mart went right back to its loss - leading ways .
Now , the retailer is tired of losing money on CDs , and has told the music industry to lower prices , or else .
Wal - Mart is looking to sell CDs for under $ 10 ( still a rip - off in a world of $ 15 DVDs ) , and still make a profit .
Here 's a quote from the Rolling Stone coverage of this that gives you an idea of how much clout Wal - Mart has in the music industry :
Tensions are not as high now as they were last winter , but making sure Wal - Mart is happy remains one of the music industry 's major priorities .
That 's because if Wal - Mart cut back on music , industry sales would suffer severely -- though Wal - Mart 's shareholders would barely bat an eye .
While Wal - Mart represents nearly twenty percent of major - label music sales , music represents only about two percent of Wal - Mart 's total sales .
" If they got out of selling music , it would mean nothing to them , " says another label executive .
" This keeps me awake at night . "
I never thought I 'd say this , but good for Wal - Mart .
Maybe they can get CD prices lowered across the board .
If this happens and CD sales go up , then it 'll be yet more proof that the folks who 're responsible for the current state of the music industry are myopic fools who should be tarred and feathered , or forced to watch MTV for a few hours , or some other such horrible punishment .
Edit with full - control .
Code helpers , generators and shortcuts including Zen Coding are there when you need them .
Out - of - the - box version control and backups give you quick access to revisions without having to configure servers .
Preview in the editor ( full - screen or split - screen live previews ) , in another window , on multiple monitors , in multiple browsers and even through external devices ( multi - device live preview on smartphones / tablets including iOS , Android , Windows Phone and Blackberry ) .
Save time and catch errors quickly by previewing as you edit HTML5 , Markdown , LESS and other file types .
Built - in HTML
Tidy can point out invalid markup and suggest improvements .
Or use industry - standard W3C HTML / CSS Validators with a single click .
Displaying color below each HTML / CSS hex / rgb ( ) color , highlighting of matching block , instant viewing of matches as you select , and searches within tags / attributes / classes / styles are some of the many powerful tools included , in addition to optional plugins .
Keep multiple projects open at the same time ( with color labels in tabs ) , create virtual folders to logically organize files from multiple sources and access local / network / FTP folders .
Or skip all of it and simply open files from local folders .
WELCOME
HTML - Kit is a full - featured editor for markup and code , optimized for web development .
It has received 95 % thumbs up on Download.com .
You can find mentions of HTML - Kit in 300 + books .
Hundreds of plugins are available for easily customizing HTML - Kit .
Dedicated support and a friendly online community is ready to help if you have any questions .
HTML - Kit has been helping developers create great sites since 1998 !
Try
Buy
HTML - Kit Tools is the latest version of HTML - Kit , the result of many years of experience in creating tools for web developers .
Free
The previous generation of HTML - Kit goes by the name HTML - Kit 292 , and is available for free for personal , educational and even commercial use .
The CIA tried to persuade Germany to silence EU protests about the human rights record of one of America 's key allies in its clandestine torture flights programme , the Guardian can reveal .
According to a secret intelligence report , the CIA offered to let Germany have access to one of its citizens , an al - Qaida suspect being held in a Moroccan cell .
But the US secret agents demanded that in return , Berlin should cooperate and " avert pressure from EU " over human rights abuses in the north African country .
The report describes Morocco as a " valuable partner in the fight against terrorism " .
The classified documents prepared for the German parliament last February make clear that Berlin did eventually get to see the detained suspect , who was arrested in Morocco in 2002 as an alleged organiser of the September 11 strikes .
He was flown from Morocco to Syria on another rendition flight .
Syria offered access to the prisoner on the condition that charges were dropped against Syrian intelligence agents in Germany accused of threatening Syrian dissidents .
Germany dropped the charges , but denied any link .
After the CIA offered a deal to Germany , EU countries adopted an almost universal policy of downplaying criticism of human rights records in countries where terrorist suspects have been held .
They have also sidestepped questions about secret CIA flights partly because of growing evidence of their complicity .
The disclosure is among fresh revelations about how the CIA flew terrorist suspects to locations where they were tortured , and Britain 's knowledge of the practice known as " secret rendition " .
They are contained in Ghost Plane , by Stephen Grey , the journalist who first revealed details of secret CIA flights in the Guardian a year ago .
More than 200 CIA flights have passed through Britain , records show .
He describes how one CIA pilot told him that Prestwick airport , near Glasgow , was a popular destination for refuelling stops and layovers .
" It 's an ' ask - no - questions ' type of place and you do n't need to give them any advance warning you 're coming , " the pilot said .
The CIA used planes of Air America , a group of private companies it secretly owned , and a second company , Aero Contractors .
A CIA Gulfstream V jet , frequently used for the secret rendition of prisoners , flew to Diego Garcia , the British Indian Ocean territory where the US has a large base , the book says .
Grey plans to publish more than 3,000 logs of the CIA flights on the internet this week .
CIA pilots , sometimes using false identities and whose planes regularly passed through Britain , ran up huge bills in luxury hotels after flying terrorist suspects to secret locations where they were tortured .
But they revealed their whereabouts and identities by indiscreet use of mobile phones and allowed outsiders to track their aircraft 's flights .
On one occasion , CIA pilots and crew lived it up in Majorca after rendering Benyam Mohammed , an Ethiopian brought up in Notting Hill , west London , to Afghanistan where he was tortured .
Benyam was detained in Pakistan early in 2002 , and then flown to Morocco , where he says he suffered appalling torture .
He is being held at Guantánamo Bay .
Benyam has said in a statement to his lawyer that he was tortured for more than two years after being questioned by US and British officials .
He says that while in Morocco he was shown photos of people he knew from a west London mosque , and was asked about information he was told was supplied by MI5 .
The government has consistently denied it has ever actively cooperated in the CIA 's " extraordinary rendition " programme " .
The Foreign Office said yesterday that the government had " not approved and will not approve a policy of facilitating transfer of individuals through the UK to places where there are substantial grounds to believe they face a real risk of torture " .
Countering " Trusting Trust "
Way back in 1974 , Paul Karger and Roger Schell discovered a devastating attack against computer systems .
Ken Thompson described it in his classic 1984 speech , “ Reflections on Trusting Trust . ”
Basically , an attacker changes a compiler binary to produce malicious versions of some programs , INCLUDING ITSELF .
Once this is done , the attack perpetuates , essentially undetectably .
Thompson demonstrated the attack in a devastating way : he subverted a compiler of an experimental victim , allowing Thompson to log in as root without using a password .
The victim never noticed the attack , even when they disassembled the binaries — the compiler rigged the disassembler , too .
This attack has long been part of the lore of computer security , and everyone knows that there ’s no defense .
And that makes this paper by David A . Wheeler so interesting .
It ’s “ Countering Trusting Trust through Diverse Double - Compiling , ” and here ’s the abstract :
An Air Force evaluation of Multics , and Ken Thompson ’s famous Turing award lecture “ Reflections on Trusting Trust , ” showed that compilers can be subverted to insert malicious Trojan horses into critical software , including themselves .
If this attack goes undetected , even complete analysis of a system ’s source code will not find the malicious code that is running , and methods for detecting this particular attack are not widely known .
This paper describes a practical technique , termed diverse double - compiling ( DDC ) , that detects this attack and some unintended compiler defects as well .
Simply recompile the purported source code twice : once with a second ( trusted ) compiler , and again using the result of the first compilation .
If the result is bit - for - bit identical with the untrusted binary , then the source code accurately represents the binary .
This technique has been mentioned informally , but its issues and ramifications have not been identified or discussed in a peer - reviewed work , nor has a public demonstration been made .
This paper describes the technique , justifies it , describes how to overcome practical challenges , and demonstrates it .
To see how this works , look at the attack .
In a simple form , the attacker modifies the compiler binary so that whenever some targeted security code like a password check is compiled , the compiler emits the attacker ’s backdoor code in the executable .
Now , this would be easy to get around by just recompiling the compiler .
Since that will be done from time to time as bugs are fixed or features are added , a more robust form of of the attack adds a step :
Whenever the compiler is itself compiled , it emits the code to insert malicious code into various programs , including itself .
Assuming broadly that the compiler source is updated , but not completely rewritten , this attack is undetectable .
Wheeler explains how to defeat this more robust attack .
Suppose we have two completely independent compilers : A and T .
More specifically , we have source code S A of compiler A , and executable code E A and E T .
We want to determine if the binary of compiler A — E A — contains this trusting trust attack .
Here ’s
Wheeler ’s trick :
Step 1 : Compile S A with E A , yielding new executable X .
Step 2 : Compile S A with E T , yielding new executable Y .
Since X and Y were generated by two different compilers , they should have different binary code but be functionally equivalent .
So far , so good .
Now :
Step 3 : Compile S A with X , yielding new executable V .
Step 4 : Compile S A with Y , yielding new executable W .
Since X and Y are functionally equivalent , V and W should be bit - for - bit equivalent .
And that ’s how to detect the attack .
If E A is infected with the robust form of the attack , then X and Y will be functionally different .
And if X and Y are functionally different , then V and W will be bitwise different .
So all you have to do is to run a binary compare between V and W ; if they ’re different , then E A is infected .
Now you might read this and think : “ What ’s the big deal ?
All I need to test if I have a trusted compiler is …another trusted compiler .
Is n’t it turtles all the way down ? ”
Not really .
You do have to trust a compiler , but you do n’t have to know beforehand which one you must trust .
If you have the source code for compiler T , you can test it against compiler A . Basically , you still have to have at least one executable compiler you trust .
But you do n’t have to know which one you should start trusting .
And the definition of “ trust ” is much looser .
This countermeasure will only fail if both A and T are infected in exactly the same way .
The second compiler can be malicious ; it just has to be malicious in some different way : i.e. , it ca n’t have the same triggers and payloads of the first .
You can greatly increase the odds that the triggers / payloads are not identical by increasing diversity : using a compiler from a different era , on a different platform , without a common heritage , transforming the code , etc .
Also , the only thing compiler B has to do is compile the compiler - under - test .
It can be hideously slow , produce code that is hideously slow , or only work on a machine that has n’t been produced in a decade .
You could create a compiler specifically for this task .
And if you ’re really worried about “ turtles all the way down , ” you can write Compiler B yourself for a computer you built yourself from vacuum tubes that you made yourself .
Since Compiler
B only has to occasionally recompile your “ real ” compiler , you can impose a lot of restrictions that you would never accept in a typical production - use compiler .
And you can periodically check Compiler B ’s integrity using every other compiler out there .
For more detailed information , see Wheeler ’s website .
Now , this technique only detects when the binary does n’t match the source , so someone still needs to examine the compiler source code .
But now you only have to examine the source code ( a much easier task ) , not the binary .
It ’s interesting : the “ trusting trust ” attack has actually gotten easier over time , because compilers have gotten increasingly complex , giving attackers more places to hide their attacks .
Here ’s how you can use a simpler compiler — that you can trust more — to act as a watchdog on the more sophisticated and more complex compiler .
Posted on January 23 , 2006 at 6:19 AM • 74 Comments
Subject : [ ruby - list:41968 ] [ ANN ] Perlish Magazine 20060401
From : SASADA Koichi < ko1@ d . t
Date : Sat , 1 Apr 2006 00:59:29 +0900
ささだ＠日 本Perlの会 Perlish Magazine 編集です。 日本Perlの会によるウェブ雑誌 、Perlish Magazine の20060401 号 をリリースしたのでお知らせします。
http://jp.rubyist.net/PerlMa/
今回も盛りだくさんの内容です。お楽しみください。
------------------------------------------------------------
=============================== = Perlish Magazine 20060401 号 = ===============================
http://jp.rubyist.net/PerlMa/
『 Perlish Magaizne』は 、Perl に関する技術記事はもちろんの こと 、Perlish へのインタビューやエッセイ、その他をお届けする ウェブ雑誌です。 = 巻頭言 ======== 書いた人 ：Perlish Magazine 編集長 高橋征義 編集長からの 20060401 号発行の挨拶です 。 ( 難易度：高 ) =
Perl の歩き 方
===============
Perl をはじめるにあたって必要な情報をご紹介します。本稿は
Perlish Magazine 常設記事です。( 難易度：低 ) = Perlish Hotlinks 〜結城浩さん 〜
=================================
Perlish へのインタビュー企画。今回は多くのプログラマ向け著 作で有名な結城浩さんにお話をお聞きしました。( 難易度：いろい ろ) = 標準添付ライブラリ紹 介 〜 Encode 〜 ===================================
書いた人 ：Ktat Perl をインストールすると、最初からいろいろなライブラリが 使えます。この連載では、そのいろんなライブラリを紹介していき ます。 今回は、さまざまな文字コードを扱う
Encode を紹介します。 ( 難易度：中 ) = Perlish のための他言語探 訪 〜 Ruby 〜 =====================================
書いた人：まつもとゆきひろ 普段 Perl 使ってるけど、他の言語もいろいろ見てみたい、とい う人のために、言語オタクとして名高いまつもとさん が
Perl 以外 の言語の紹介をしてくれる連載です。 今回は 、Perl から強い影響を受けたと思われる言語 Ruby を取 り上げます 。( 難易度：後出し ) = Parrot Maniacs
〜 On the Architecture of the Parrot virtual machine 〜 =======================================================
書いた人：ささだ Parrot の解説記事になる予定の記事です。今回は Parrot を一 度見直してみます 。( 難易度：低レベル ) = YAPC :: Asia 2006
Tokyo レポー ト ================================
書いた人：ma2 2006 年 3 月 29 日と 3 月 30 日の両日に渡って開催された YAPC : : Asia 2006
Tokyo のレポートです。世界的に見ても充実した 内容の YAPC となったわけですが、その熱気が伝わってくる内容で す。( 難易度：盛り沢山 ) = 20060401 号プレゼン ト =======================
ソフトバンククリエイティブ社様のご提供で、『結城浩のPerlク イズ』を 5 冊、Perlish Magazine 読者の方へプレゼントです。 = PerlNews ==========
Perl 関連、または Perlish が興味を持ちそうなニュースを集め てみました。( 難易度：低 ) = PerlEventCheck ================
Perl 関連、または Perlish が興味を持ちそうな、近日中に開催 予定のイベントの紹介です 。( 難易度：低 ) = 編集後記 ==========
------------------------------------------------------------ 次号は 19106 年 5 月 中旬発行の予定です。 記事へのご意見、ご感想や、 「 こんな記事が読みたい 」 、「 あの 人の記事が読みたい」、といったご希望などがありましたら、下記
フォームを利用してお気軽にお寄せください ( 下記参照 ) 。 記事の投稿も随時受け付けております。 * Perl に関する技術記事・解説記事 * Perl 活用事例 *
Perl がちょっとでも絡むエッセイ * Perl に関するその他 などを募集しております。何かネタがありましたらご連絡ください。 また、編集に参加したいというお申し出も大歓迎です。 連絡先 ：Perlish Magazine 編集部 -- // SASADA Koichi at atdot dot net // 今年のテーマは「マジ 」
Mr Bush told ABC
News that it could be right to compare Iraq 's situation to the 1968
Tet offensive , widely seen as a key turning point in the conflict .
But he denied that the rising number of Iraqi and US military deaths meant the Iraq campaign was failing .
October is on course to be one of the bloodiest months for US forces in Iraq .
So far about 70 troops have died , and with an average of three Americans dying every day this is one of the highest casualty rates sustained by the US military since January 2005 .
Psychological blow
In an interview with ABC News , Mr Bush was asked if he agreed with a newspaper columnist who had written that the current fighting in Iraq may be compared to the Tet offensive in Vietnam .
TET OFFENSIVE
Launched on 31 January 1968 - Tet holiday - by North Vietnamese Army and Vietcong Five major cities and 36 provincial capitals attacked simultaneously Onslaught surprises US troops , is quickly repelled US public opinion turns against the war President Johnson 's popularity falls
He withdraws as candidate for re-election in March
Vietnam
War 's turning point
" He could be right , " Mr Bush said .
" There 's certainly a stepped up level of violence and we 're heading into an election . "
During the Tet offensive , the Viet Cong and North Vietnamese armies launched a combined assault on US positions .
Militarily , the assault failed but it was a huge psychological blow for the Americans and their allies , and eroded political support for the then president , Lyndon Johnson .
Mr Bush appeared to suggest that steadiness of nerve could avoid a repeat of history , says the BBC's Justin Webb in Washington , although any comparison with Vietnam raises eyebrows in the US .
The White House later sought to clarify Mr Bush 's comments .
" The full context was that the comparison was about the propaganda waged in the Tet Offensive ... and the president was reiterating something he 's said before - that the enemy is trying to shake our will , " spokeswoman Dana Perino said in a statement .
In the interview , Mr Bush reiterated that US troops would stay despite the casualties .
" Al - Qaeda is still very active in Iraq ... They are trying not only to kill American troops but they 're trying to foment sectarian violence .
They believe that if they can create enough chaos , the American people will grow sick and tired of the Iraqi effort and will cause ( the ) government to withdraw . "
Difficult task
With the latest opinion polls suggesting that Mr Bush 's Republican Party faces defeat in next month 's mid-term congressional elections , the president is doing his best to fight his corner , our correspondent says .
I define success or failure as whether we 're seeing a democracy grow in the heart of the Middle East
President Bush
The enemy defined success or failure by the number of casualties , Mr Bush said .
His definition was whether Iraqis could defend themselves , whether schools were being built , hospitals being opened .
" I define success or failure as whether we 're seeing a democracy grow in the heart of the Middle East . "
Pulling out troops from Iraq would be the equivalent of surrender , he said .
" I 'm patient .
I 'm not patient forever ...
But I recognise the degree of difficulty of the task , and therefore say to the American people we wo n't cut and run . "
The row saw Danish flags being burnt in Muslim states
The court in Aarhus said there was not enough reason to believe the cartoons were meant to be insulting or harmful .
The cartoons sparked violent protests around the world after Jyllands - Posten published them in 2005 .
An appeal against the verdict has been lodged , and the verdict was met with disappointment in Muslim countries .
" It is not up to the court to decide if Muslims will have hard feelings or not , " Ameer ul - Azeem , spokesman for Jamaat - e - Islami , told the Associated Press news agency .
His group belongs to an Islamic alliance that organised mass protests across Pakistan earlier this year .
In Syria , where a mob attacked and set fire to the Danish and Norwegian embassies in February , legislator Mohammed Habash said the ruling would " widen the gap between the Western and Islamic world " .
" What the newspaper did represents a true insult to millions of Muslims who do not follow Danish laws , " Mr Habash , who heads the Islamic Studies Centre in Damascus , told AP .
' Not offensive '
The City Court in Aarhus said there was not enough reason to believe the cartoons were intended to be insulting or harmful to Muslims .
The organisations brought the lawsuit in March after the Danish attorney - general 's decision not to make criminal charges against the newspaper under racism and blasphemy legislation .
Even if the text accompanying the pictures could be read as being derogatory and mocking , the cartoons are not offensive
Aarhus court
Since the racism and blasphemy laws cannot be used in a civil suit , the groups sued the editor - in - chief and cultural editor of the newspaper for libel , the BBC 's Julian Isherwood reports from Copenhagen .
They accused the paper of publishing text and cartoons which were " offensive and insulting " to Muhammad .
The cartoons , they argued , " attacked the honour of believers because they portrayed the Prophet as war - like and criminal and made a clear link between Muhammad , war and terrorism " .
But a judge ruled on Thursday that the cartoons were " not offensive ... even if the text accompanying the pictures could be read as being derogatory and mocking " .
" Of course it cannot be excluded that the drawings offended some Muslims , " the ruling said .
" But there is no sufficient reason to assume that the cartoons are or were intended to be insulting ... or put forward ideas that could hurt the standing of Muslims in society . "
Muslim furore
After Jyllands - Posten published the cartoons on 30 September 2005 , a campaign of protest gradually gathered steam in the Muslim world , erupting into deadly riots in February of this year .
Islamic tradition explicitly prohibits images of Muhammad and other major religious figures .
At least one of the cartoons also portrayed Muhammad as a terrorist .
Death threats were made against the artists .
Danish Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen appeared on Arabic TV to apologise for any offence caused .
Jyllands - Posten has defended its publication of the cartoons on grounds of freedom of press , but it also accepted they had caused offence to many Muslims and apologised .
Lindsay Lohan is such a tireless party girl that even her entourage can't keep up .
The fiery flame - haired actress rocked New York so hard last week that a stylist she flew out from LA to accompany her had to bail and go back home .
Stylist Nate Newell was hired by Lohan to help her out as she promoted " A Prairie Home Companion " last week in Manhattan .
But , according to this morning 's Page Six , Newell found out that hanging with the 19 - year - old Lohan in Gotham is n't child 's play :
She was spotted at Bungalow 8 every night , danced at PM , whooped it up at Marquee , and got into well - publicized spats with Paris Hilton and even P. Diddy at Butter and elsewhere -- and that was just at night .
It was all a bit much for Newell , who had to get cash from friends to buy a ticket home .
Lohan was apparently none too happy about being ditched because after he left , according to Page Six , she text - messaged her friends , " [ Newell ] is dead to me , " and is making him pay for his travel and lodging expenses .
All of which , of course , Lohan 's very busy publicist Leslie Sloane Zelnick ( who also reps Britney ) says is bunk , telling the Post : " Please .
Nate ... had a great time .
He had to get back to Los Angeles for work .
There was no drama whatsoever . "
Rush Limbaugh Detained With Little Blue Pills
Right - wing radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh found himself in a slightly embarrassing situation Monday when he was held by authorities at the Palm Beach International Airport with a bottle of Viagra that did n't have his name on it .
Customs officials found a prescription bottle of the erectile dysfunction treatment in Limbaugh 's luggage , but its label had two doctors ' names on it rather than Rush's .
According to Limbaugh 's lawyer , Roy Black , the drugs were prescribed for Limbaugh but the bottle was " labeled as issued to the physician rather than Mr. Limbaugh for privacy purposes . "
There was no word on Tuesday morning as to whether the latest incident , which could result in a second - degree misdemeanor , would affect a deal Limbaugh made last month with prosecutors to settle a case involving overlapping painkiller prescriptions .
No More Room on " View " for Star
We may not get to see Rosie and Star claw it out after all : Star Jones is planning to leave ABC's " The View , " and according to Lloyd Grove , she 's already signed a " lucrative deal " with another television outlet .
Former lawyer Star has already met with CBS , Court TV , and E ! about a new destination , and since making her decision has been " on cloud nine ...
She 's been acting as though she does n't have a care in the world .
That 's why she was so pleasant , even when Sandra Bernhard was trying to bait her for a confrontation on the show . "
Speaking of confrontations , speculation has been rampant about what Jones would do when O'Donnell arrived on the set this September , after O'Donnell pricked her about her weight loss in the press , saying that her recent book was " like selling bulls -- to the point that it 's sickening . "
Barbara Walters nor anyone else at " The View " had comment on the reports .
Naomi Sued Again by Another Servant -- Appears in Court Today
Naomi Campbell is being sued by yet another of her domestic help , just as she is appearing in Manhattan Criminal Court on charges of assaulting a maid .
A terse filing in state Supreme Court says that Gaby Gibson is accusing the supermodel of " personal injuries , " " employment discrimination , " " civil assault , " " civil battery , " and other complaints .
No particular acts were mentioned , but Gibson has said in a published interview that Campbell was upset about her not being able to find a pair of jeans .
Which , of course , is what allegedly made her so upset that she bashed Ana Scolavino on the back of her head with a jewel encrusted Blackberry , the charge for which she is appearing in court this morning .
Campbell faces up to seven years in prison and deportation if convicted .
No comment was available from her lawyers .
Rowling says Harry Potter Could Die in Final Book
Younger children may want to turn away from this item : J.K. Rowling hinted yesterday on British TV that she may kill off Harry Potter in the last installment of the hugely successful series of books that have made her Britain 's richest woman .
" I have never been tempted to kill him off before the final because I 've always planned seven books , and I want to finish on seven books , " Rowling said .
She says she finished the final chapter in " something like 1990 , " and , exercising somewhat questionable control over her own narrative , that two of the characters die " that I did n't intend to die . "
But Rowling also said she did n't want any sequels written by others and so the seventh book will be the final one -- and as a result , young Harry might meet also his end .
Regardless of what happens to Harry in the books , the fifth film based on the Rowling books -- " Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix " will arrive in US theaters in July 2007 .
" Frasier " 's Terrier Passes Away
Moose , the constant canine sidekick to John Mahoney and Kelsey Grammer known as " Eddie , " passed away last week , according to PEOPLE magazine .
Hanging out with Steve Platek will make you yawn .
He 'll get you thinking about yawning , reading about yawning , and sooner or later , your mouth 's gaping .
You can't help it .
" My favorite way to induce a yawn , " Platek says , " is a video clip of a good yawner paired with yawn audio . "
Platek , a cognitive neuroscientist at Drexel University , alternately describes yawning as " a primitive unconscious mechanism " or something that 's " sweet , " " totally cool " or " awesome . "
And he 's finally figuring out why it 's contagious .
Scientists ( and everybody else ) have known for decades that yawns are contagious , but they 've never known why .
Some think it's an unconscious mirror effect -- someone yawns , you yawn in response almost like a reflex .
But Platek says he thinks it has to do with empathy .
The way he sees it , the more empathetic you are , the more likely it is that you 'll identify with a yawner and experience a yawn yourself .
In a recent study , Platek looked at contagious yawning in people with " high empathy , " " low empathy " and everything in between .
He found that higher empathy meant more yawn - susceptible and lower empathy meant more yawn - immune .
But that was n't proof enough .
So Platek put volunteers in M.R.I. machines and made them yawn again and again to pinpoint the areas of the brain involved .
When their brains lighted up in the exact regions of the brain involved in empathy , Platek remembers thinking , " Wow , this is so cool ! "
Some yawning researchers -- of which there are few -- have identified many types of yawns .
There 's the contagious yawn , the I 'm - tired yawn and the I - just - woke - up yawn .
There 's the threat yawn , which is the my - teeth - are - bigger - than - yours yawn that 's so popular with primates .
( " People do it , too , " says Platek , " but unfortunately , we do n't have scary teeth anymore . " )
There 's also the sexual yawn .
( One scientist claims that yawns are used in seduction . )
If you ’ve ever wanted to walk a tightrope high above the circus floor but got nervous just thinking about it , stack lining may be for you .
Slacklining , an increasingly popular practice in the balancing arts , involves walking across a bouncy , highly - tensioned , single piece of webbing that may be only a couple inches off the ground .
Most of us have an inner equilibrium that can enable us to perform extraordinary balancing feats , but getting up on the line can still be scary .
Remember how intimidating it seemed to balance on a bicycle without training wheels ?
Now think how easy it turned out to be .
Walking a slackline just takes confidence and a bit of practice .
The SKI Combinator Calculus
a universal formal system
alphabet
The alphabet for the combinator calculus is the set terms
The set of terms is defined recursively as follows , , and are terms .
If and are terms , then is also a term .
Nothing is a term unless required to be by rules 1 and 2 . derivations
A derivation is a finite sequence of terms satisfying the following rules .
If is a derivation ending in the term , where the parentheses shown form matching pairs , then followed by is also a derivation .
If is a derivation ending in the term , where the parentheses shown form a matching pair , then followed by is also a derivation .
If is a derivation ending in the term , where the parentheses shown form matching pairs , then followed by is also a derivation .
The ceremony above captures much of the conventional style in which logicians present the combinator calculus .
But the conventional ceremony describing the combinator calculus does not match the natural structure of the formal system as well as the conventional ceremony for binary incrementing matched its underlying system .
The terms of the combinator calculus are certain finite linear sequences of symbols from its alphabet , restricted by the requirement that parentheses are well balanced , and that there are never more than , , or symbols in a row without an intervening parenthesis .
The formal system can in fact be understood correctly by conceiving terms as sequences .
But it is much more natural to understand the calculus as operating on binary tree - structured terms with the symbols , , at the leaves .
The parentheses are in some sense only there to indicate the tree structure , and should n't be regarded as part of the abstract alphabet .
On the other hand , perhaps there should be a symbol to associate with the nonleaf elements in the trees , in the same way that there is an implicit symbol for multiplication in the numerical term .
Even those who insist on understanding combinatory terms as linear sequences get irritated with all of the parentheses .
So , they introduce conventions for leaving out parentheses on the left , and write as , but retain the parentheses in .
This is very similar to the omission of parentheses in numerical terms .
If you 're familiar with it , you wo n't need an explanation .
If you 're not , skip over it for now , since it 's a minor side - issue .
Really conventional presentations of the combinator calculus introduce the omission of parentheses as an abbreviation even before they get to the definition of derivation .
Figure 1 shows an example of the same combinatory term presented with full parentheses , minimal parentheses , and as a tree diagram .
Figure 1 : Terms with minimal parentheses , full parentheses , and as tree diagrams
The view of derivations as linear sequences is natural enough , so we wo n't consider varying that .
The rules for derivations are shown graphically in Figure 2 .
Figure 2 : Derivation rules for the Combinator Calculus
The system deals entirely with finite binary branching tree diagrams , where the end of each path is labelled with exactly one of the symbols , , or .
Such a tree diagram is called a term .
, , or .
Such a tree diagram is called a .
You may start with any term .
In Figure 2 , the , , and in dashed triangles may be replaced by any terms , as long as in each application of a rule , each of the triangles is replaced by a copy of the same combinator , similarly for each of the triangles and each of the triangles .
, , and in dashed triangles may be replaced by any terms , as long as in each application of a rule , each of the triangles is replaced by a copy of the same combinator , similarly for each of the triangles and each of the triangles .
When a structure of the form given by the left - hand side of one of the two rules in Figure 2 appears anywhere within a term , you may replace that structure by the corresponding structure on the right - hand side of the same rule .
In the formal system of the Combinator Calculus , we may replace a certain combination of four ` 's and two ` 's by the combination of the two ` 's , using the derivation in Figure 3 .
Figure 3 : A derivation in the Combinator Calculus
In an interesting formal system , such as the combinator calculus , we usually get bored with doing one derivation at a time .
We notice that derivations often manipulate only certain portions of the terms in them , and other portions just come along for the ride .
By carefully sorting out the manipulated portions and the inert portions , we generate schematic derivations , representing an infinite number of possibilites in a compact form .
Figure 4 shows an interesting schematic derivation .
Figure 4 : A schematic derivation in the Combinator Calculus
Here are some more derivations and schematic derivations , written with terms as minimally parenthesized linear sequences .
In each term , I underlined the portion that is about to be replaced by one of the rules , and I overlined the portion that was created by application of a rule to the previous term .
As an exercise , you should fill in the missing parentheses , and draw the tree diagrams .
Because the rules for derivations all depend on the appearance of a particular symbol at the left , we often call the form `` applied to , '' and in general we call `` applied to .''
The combinator calculus was designed precisely to be universal in the sense that it can accomplish every conceivable rearrangement of subterms just by means of applying terms to them .
That is , given a rule for rearranging things into the shape of a term ( allowing copying and deleting of individual things ) , there is a term that can be applied to each choice of things so that several derivation steps will accomplish that rearrangement .
The examples of as a repeater and as a reverser suggest how this works .
That particular quality of a formal system is called combinatory completeness .
Every formal system that contains something acting like and something acting like is combinatorily complete ( acts like , so we can actually do without , but interesting terms get even harder to read ) .
Combinatory completeness can itself be defined formally in a sense that we explore further in the section on reflection .
Rearrangements arise in formal systems whenever we substitute things for variables .
The combinator calculus was designed specifically to sow that substitution for variables can be reduced to more primitive looking operations .
By accident , the combinator calculus turns out to be universal in a much more powerful sense than combinatory completeness .
The combinator calculus is a universal programming system -- its derivations can accomplish everything that can be accomplished by computation .
That is , terms can be understood as programs , and every program that we can write in every programming language can be written also as a term in the combinator calculus .
Since formal systems are the same thing as computing systems , every formal system can be described as an interpretation of the terms in the combinator calculus .
When we suggest all of the ways that formal systems can be applied to one another in the sections on mathematical formalism and on reflection , this should look pretty impressive for a system with such trivial rules .
The universality of the combinator calculus in this sense cannot be defined perfectly formally .
It is essentially a nonformal observation , called the Church - Turing thesis ( often just Church 's thesis ) .
For every particular computing system that anyone has conceived of so far , we have precise formal knowledge that the combinator calculus can accomplish the same computations .
There are some very strong arguments , particularly by Alan Turing , that some of these computing systems have captured the ability to do everything that can conceivably be regarded as a computation .
But every attempt to formalize that observation begs the question whether the formalization of formalization is complete .
Nonetheless , everybody that I know who studies such things finds the thesis convincing .
Based on the primitive quality of the operations in the combinator calculus , and its ability ( given the Church - Turing thesis ) to describe all possible formal systems , I like to think of the combinator calculus as the machine language of mathematics .
The schematic term
If we were programming , we would have just invented recursion .
But we 're after bigger game - - logical game .
Suppose that we had a formal system in which the derivation of one term could imply the impossibility of deriving another .
In effect , the system would have a way of saying ``It is impossible to derive .''
Suppose , in addition , that the system had a form of self reference .
Then , we might be able to construct a term that said , in effect
`` It is impossible to derive this term . ''
construct terms whose derivability implies the impossibility of deriving other terms , and construct terms that refer to themselves .
The goofy term achieves self - reference .
If expresses some quality , such as ``It is impossible to derive ... , '' then asserts of itself , so
`` It is impossible to derive ' ' `` It is impossible to derive ' ' `` It is impossible to derive ' ' `` It is impossible to derive ' '
`` It is impossible to derive this term . ''
On the one hand , this monkey business with self application looks like one of those silly logic puzzles , delightfully fun or horribly irritating according to your taste .
In fact Raymond Smullyan has made lots of puzzles along these lines in a bunch of books including one called What is the Name of this Book ?
On the other hand , this is really one crucial piece in understanding the power of a number of mathematical systems , and particularly the limits of that power .
Gödel 's famous incompleteness theorem shows that the formal system called Peano 's Arithmetic , which captures the vast majority of the actual correct reasoning that mathematicians and other people apply to technical problems , contains the underivability paradox .
So , our standard methods for reasoning about technical problems either contain a subtle error that has been missed for more than a century of mathematical study , or else they are missing some truths .
The underivability paradox itself is n't a very practical truth , but once we see the formal patterns that cause such an incompleteness , we can expand our observations and discover other more practical incompletenesses ( so far I know of 3 somewhat practical truths about numbers that cannot be derived in Peano 's Arithmetic ) .
In order to prove the incompleteness of Peano 's Arithmetic , Gödel essentially showed how the system could be used as a programming language , and wrote programs with the behavior of and .
He also wrote programs in the language of arithmetic to test derivability in Peano 's Arithmetic , and constructed something behaving just like ``It is impossible to derive this term . ''
The same sort of power in observing how the presence of one pattern leads to another pattern drives all of the positive results of mathematics , too .
This document was generated using the LaTeX2 HTML translator Version 99.2beta6 ( 1.42 )
Copyright © 1993 , 1994 , 1995 , 1996 , Nikos Drakos , Computer Based Learning Unit , University of Leeds .
Copyright © 1997 , 1998 , 1999 , Ross Moore , Mathematics Department , Macquarie University , Sydney .
The command line arguments were :
latex2html - split 3 - show_section_numbers -local_icons combinator_calculus.tex
The translation was initiated by Mike O'Donnell on 2001-05 - 13
Mike O'Donnell 2001-05-13
■ 追記（9日） 利用規約改定 上に書いた利用規約案を改定してみた。各条を少し改善したのと、6条〜10条を加えた。 当サイトの使用許諾条件 第 1条（中傷の禁止）
当サイトに掲載されている情報をもとにして、当社および当社の役員、当社の商品、当社のサービスを中傷し、名誉を毀損することを禁止する。これに違反する内容を掲載するサイトの運営者は、当サイトへのリンクの有無に関わらず、当サイトを閲覧してはならないものとする。
第2条（擦り寄りの禁止）
猥褻、暴力的、脅迫的、非合法な内容、および当社が薄気味悪いと判断する内容を含むサイトにおいて、当社の社名および当社の役員名、商品名、サービス名、ドメイン名を表示し、記載することは、その表記の手法や形態に関わらず禁止する。これに違反する内容を掲載するサイトの運営者は、当サイトへのリンクの有無に関わらず、当サイトを閲覧してはならないものとする。
第3条（誤認表示の禁止）
当社の社名および役員名、商品名、サービス名、ドメイン名を記載して、当社と無関係ないかがわしい商品、サービス等が当社と関係あるかのように誤認させる表示をすることは、その表記の手法や形態に関わらず禁止する。これに違反する内容を掲載するサイトの運営者は、当サイトへのリンクの有無に関わらず、当サイトを閲覧してはならないものとする。
第4条（苦情の拒否）
当サイトの各ページは予告なく消滅、もしくはURLを変更することがある。他のサイトから当サイトへのリンクがリンク切れとなることがあっても当社の責任ではない。当社に対しこのようなリンク切れについて苦情を申し立てる目的で電話し、電子メールを送信し、内容証明等の郵便物を送付することを禁止する。これに違反する者は、当サイトへのリンクの有無に関わらず、当サイトを閲覧してはならないものとする。
第5条（教育的指導）
他のサイトが当サイトへのリンクを記述している事実は、当該サイトが当サイトと何らかの関係を有することを意味するものではない。このことを理解しない者は、当サイトへのリンクの有無に関わらず、当サイトを閲覧してはならないものとする。
第6条（アクセス防御措置努力の放棄）
当社は、当サイトのセキュリティ対策を完全には行っておらず、従業員の過失によって個人情報その他の機密情報が誰にでも閲覧できる状態になる事故が発生する場合がある。情報流出を防止するため、当社の事前の許可なく、当サイトにリンクし、当サイトのURLを表示し、記述し、出版し、他言することを禁止する。検索エンジン等、機械的に生成される情報においても同様とする。これに違反する者は、当サイトへのリンクの有無に関わらず、当サイトを閲覧してはならないものとする。
第7条（アクセシビリティ改善努力の放棄）
当サイトはパンくずリストを設置しておらず、現在表示されているページがサイト全体もしくはコンテンツ内のどこに位置しているか把握するのが困難なページが存在する。また、タイトル要素のないページ、フレームを使用したページ、統一されていないデザインのページが存在する。途中のページから閲覧することは、当該コンテンツが当サイトによるものであることが不明確になるものであり、トップページ以外からの閲覧を禁止する。これに違反する者は、当サイトへのリンクの有無に関わらず、当サイトを閲覧してはならないものとする。
第8条（アクセスログ収集努力の放棄）
当社は、リンク元を示すアクセスログを記録する技術を有しておらず、当サイトへのリンクを設置している他のサイトの存在を知ることができない。電話、電子メールその他の連絡手段によりリンクの届出を受け付けるのに要する人件費を支出できないため、当サイトへのリンクを一切禁止する。これに違反する者は、当サイトを閲覧してはならないものとする。
第9条（言論に伴う責任の放棄）
当社の役員および従業員は、当サイトのブログページにおいて、自由闊達に自己表現を楽しむ権利を有している。不用意な発言が発表された場合であっても、これを批判する目的で当サイトにリンクし、トラックバックし、またはURLを掲示板に書き込み、他のサイトに表示し、出版し、他言することを禁止する。これに違反する者は、当サイトへのリンクの有無に関わらず、当サイトを閲覧してはならないものとする。
第10条（無断相互リンクの禁止）
当社は公正さと中立性を最重要事項としており、当社の事前の許可なく、当サイトから他のサイトへのリンクを設定することを禁止する。これに違反する者は、当サイトへのリンクの有無に関わらず、当サイトを閲覧してはならないものとする。
第 11条（管轄裁判所）
本利用規約に係る紛争については、東京地方裁判所または東京簡易裁判所を第一審の専属的合意管轄裁判所とする。
Do you need help in deciding which treatment option is best for your patients ?
Get the Free Software
The mission is christened Chang 'e - 1 after the Chinese Moon goddess
The spacecraft will pave the way for future missions , which may include China putting a lander on the Moon .
The expedition , christened Chang 'e - 1 after the Chinese Moon goddess , will map the moon in 3D in an effort to identify future landing sites .
Designs for the spacecraft have been completed and development will begin next month , officials say .
" The design of various plans which serve to meet different situations and simulation satellites has finished and all related professional experiments are ongoing , " said the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation 's Ye Peijian , chief designer of the satellite .
Gaining prestige
The satellite will also study the Moon 's composition and radiation environment and may use radar to probe below its surface .
Dean Cheng , senior Asia analyst at the think tank CNA Corporation in Alexandria , US , told New Scientist that a huge part of this mission is prestige .
" The Chinese have consistently tried to make sure their ' first ' was bigger , better and more capable than anybody else 's , " he said .
After Chang 'e - 1's mission , some suggest China will send a lander to the Moon by 2010 and a robotic rover to sample the surface by 2020 .
" After this lunar flight , China will carry out soft landing exploration and auto inspection missions on the moon , with the core part being the realization of landing probes on the moon surface and carrying out scientific exploration , " Ye said .
However , Mr Cheng is sceptical about these dates .
" The Chinese are generally reticent about putting out specific dates because it puts them in the position of potentially losing face , " he said .
Amend It to End It A Risky Amendment Could Stop the Emerging Anti-Gay - Adoption Movement in Its Tracks
My son had a fever , and it was spiking — 103 , 104 , 105 .
The nurse on the phone told us to fill a tub with cold water , dump in whatever ice we had in the freezer , and set him in the bath to break his fever .
Five minutes later we were standing in the bathroom , empty ice trays in the sink , watching the tub slowly fill with cold water .
I did n't have the heart to do it — I could n't just set my feverish , distraught son into a tub full of ice water .
So I did what any decent parent would do : I got undressed , stepped into the tub first , and sat down .
Then my boyfriend handed our son to me .
We sat there together , ice cubes floating around us , my son's thin , warm arms wrapped around my neck , until his fever broke .
My partner and I adopted eight years ago .
Like any other couple who wants to adopt , we had to earn the right to sit in tubs filled with ice water — and catch vomit in our cupped hands , enjoy week - long sleep - deprivation marathons , and all the other perks of parenthood .
We had to open our financial records for inspection , submit to criminal background checks , and welcome social workers into our heads .
When the time came , the courts in the state where we adopted treated us like any other couple , allowing us to do one expensive joint adoption rather than two twice - as - expensive single - parent adoptions .
At the time we adopted , only one state — Florida — banned adoptions by same - sex couples .
Now it is illegal in half a dozen states , and if the American Taliban gets its way , soon it will be illegal in more .
USA Today reported in February that religious conservatives , emboldened by their successful efforts to pass anti-gay - marriage laws and get anti-gay - marriage amendments approved in dozens of states , are planning to push for bans on adoptions by same - sex couples .
" Now that we have defined what marriage is , we need to take that further and say children deserve to be in that relationship , " Greg Quinlan , a conservative activist , told USA Today .
Anti-gay - adoption laws are being " drafted or discussed , " according to USA Today , in Alabama , Alaska , Arizona , Georgia , Indiana , Kansas , Kentucky , Michigan , Missouri , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Tennessee , Utah , Vermont , Virginia , and West Virginia .
And in Oregon too , the state where my boyfriend and I adopted our son , the state that eight years ago treated us like any other couple .
The arguments social conservatives use against adoptions by same - sex couples are every bit as dishonest as the arguments they employ against same - sex marriage .
They point to studies that show children with married parents do better than those with single parents ( ignoring the fact that these studies measure the benefits of having two parents , not two opposite - sex parents ) , and they refuse to acknowledge the existence of numerous studies that show children raised by same - sex couples do just as well as children raised by heterosexual couples .
Perhaps most infuriating , opponents of adoptions by gay and lesbian couples seek to create the impression that there is a home — a heterosexual home — for every child waiting to be adopted .
All children deserve , the religious right argues , a mother and a father .
It 's a blandly appealing nod to normalcy that masks an insidious insult :
When it comes to adoption , any heterosexual couple — any heterosexual couple at all , however dysfunctional — is preferable to even the healthiest homosexual couple .
All same - sex couples are , by definition , unfit to parent .
The right has been allowed to frame this debate thus far , but I believe we can reframe it by demanding that any effort to outlaw adoptions by same - sex couples be followed to its logical conclusion .
If gays and lesbians are unfit to parent any children we might adopt , then we are surely unfit to parent the children we have already adopted .
We should demand that any bill banning adoptions by same - sex couples include a provision that would require the state to remove children from the homes of same - sex couples .
Adopted or biological , if the state believes that gays and lesbians are unfit parents , how can they leave the kids we 're already parenting in our homes ?
It 's difficult to know exactly how many American children are being brought up by same - sex couples ; estimates range from anywhere between 250,000 and 10,000,000 .
But we know how many children there are in foster care in the United States : 500,000 .
The foster - care system is universally acknowledged to be bankrupt and broken , so dysfunctional that it amounts to state - regulated child abuse .
There are n't enough prospective parents — single , married , gay , straight — willing to adopt the kids who are currently in foster care , much less the hundreds of thousands or millions of children who would be added if the state were forced to find homes for all the children currently being raised by gay and lesbian couples .
If such a provision were attached to anti-gay - adoption laws , the religious right would no longer be able to argue about what is or is n't in the best interests of hypothetical children who may or may not be adopted in the future , but rather what 's in the best interest of real children , children who have already been adopted , children who already have homes and parents .
The debate would shift from how hypothetical children might do in our homes to how our real children are currently doing in our homes — and studies show they 're doing fine , thank you very much .
My proposed amendment to anti-same - sex - adoption laws would instantly deprive religious conservatives of their emotionally manipulative every - child - deserves - a - mother - and - a - father argument .
Instead they would be required to make a much tougher argument : that a potential lifetime in a dysfunctional foster - care system — older children are notoriously hard to place for adoption — would be better for my child than the life my partner and I are giving him .
They would have to argue that it would be in my son's best interest to be taken from the father who sits in ice water with him when he has a fever and from the father who takes him to school every day .
The religious right would have to argue in favor of taking everything that belongs to him from our home — his skateboard , his football , his first - and second - grade schoolwork , his beloved one - eyed dog .
In addition to taking my son from his parents , the religious right would have to argue for taking him from his grandparents , his aunts , his uncles , his cousins , his friends , his teachers , his babysitter .
It is an argument they would lose .
n
Enlarge By Alex Brandon , AP
All that is left standing are a few trees that survived the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in front of the newly constructed Industrial Canal levee wall in the lower ninth ward of New Orleans .
Government fulfills few Katrina promises Nearly half of New Orleans was still under water when President Bush stood in the Crescent City 's historic Jackson Square and swore he would " do what it takes " to rebuild the communities and lives that had been laid to waste two weeks before by Hurricane Katrina .
" Our goal is to get the work done quickly , " the president said .
He promised to spend federal money wisely and accountably .
And he vowed to address the poverty exposed by the government 's inadequate Katrina response " with bold action . "
A year after the storm , the federal government has proven slow and unreliable in keeping the president 's promises .
" This is not something that is going to be able to be accomplished in 365 days , " White House spokeswoman Dana Perino said .
" The president has set the federal government on the course to fulfill its obligations . "
The job of clearing debris left by the storm remains unfinished , and has been plagued by accusations of fraud and price gouging .
Tens of thousands of families still live in trailers or mobile homes , with no indication of when or how they will be able to obtain permanent housing .
Important decisions about rebuilding and improving flood defenses have been delayed .
And little if anything has been done to ensure the welfare of the poor in a rebuilt New Orleans .
How has the government performed in the most critical areas of the recovery and reconstruction effort ?
EMERGENCY ASSISTANCE : A June report by the Government Accountability Office concluded that FEMA wasted between $ 600 million and $ 1.4 billion on " improper and potentially fraudulent individual assistance payments . "
Government auditors found that debit cards distributed to Katrina victims were used to pay for things like Dom Perignon champagne , New Orleans Saints season tickets and adult - oriented entertainment .
The audit also found that people used fictional addresses , fake Social Security numbers and the identities of dead people to fraudulently register for assistance .
FEMA also double - deposited funds in the accounts of 5,000 out of the nearly 11,000 debit card holders .
CLEANUP : The job still is n't done .
More than 100 million cubic yards of debris have been cleared from the region affected by Katrina .
So far the government has spent $ 3.6 billion , a figure that might have been considerably smaller had the contracts for debris removal been subject to competitive bidding .
Working through the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers , FEMA gave each of four companies contracts worth up to $ 500 million to clear hurricane debris .
This spring government inspectors reported that the companies — AshBritt Inc. of Pompano Beach , Fla. , Phillips and Jordan Inc. of Knoxville , Tenn. , Ceres Environmental Services Inc. of Brooklyn Park , Minn . and ECC Operating Services Inc. of Burlingame , Calif . — charged the government as much as four to six times what they paid their subcontractors who actually did the work .
HOUSING : In his Jackson Square speech , Bush said his goal was to " get people out of shelters by the middle of October . "
By and large that goal was met , with all but a few thousand of 270,000 Katrina evacuees out of shelters by mid-October .
But that did n't solve the monumental housing problem created by Katrina .
Most of the people who had been in shelters went to hotel rooms , with FEMA picking up the bill .
About 50,000 families who had evacuated to other cities were promised a year of rent assistance , though in April FEMA began cutting off some who the agency said did not qualify for the program .
More than 100,000 families moved into trailers or mobile homes parked either in the yards of their damaged houses or in makeshift compounds .
Meanwhile , FEMA flailed and flip - flopped on its contracting policies for trailers , mobile homes and other temporary shelter .
The first big contracts were handed out non-competitively to four well - connected companies — Shaw Group , Bechtel Corp. , CH2M Hill Inc. and Fluor Corp .
Then in October FEMA director R. David Paulison promised to rebid the contracts after Congress complained that smaller companies , especially local and minority - owned firms , should have a chance to compete for the work .
A month after that , FEMA said the new contracts would not be awarded until February .
That deadline came and went , and then in March a FEMA official announced that the contracts were n't going to be rebid after all .
A week later FEMA reversed itself again , giving up to $ 3.6 billion in business to small and minority - owned firms .
" I promised Congress I was going to bid them out , and that 's what I 'm doing , " Paulison said .
REBUILDING : Despite Bush 's Jackson Square promise to " undertake a close partnership with the states of Louisiana and Mississippi , the city of New Orleans and other Gulf Coast cities , " state and local officials had a hard time reaching a deal for federal aid to help residents rebuild their ruined homes .
In January the administration rejected a $ 30 billion plan for Louisiana as too expensive .
The White House also balked at subsidizing the reconstruction of homes in flood plains , a policy that would have excluded all but a small fraction of Louisiana homeowners whose houses were significantly damaged .
The state finally won funding in July for the $ 9 billion ' Road Home ' program , which pays homeowners up to $ 150,000 either to repair their damaged property or rebuild elsewhere in the state .
People who leave the state are eligible for a 60 % buyout .
The money , which is being distributed through escrow accounts to prevent fraud , is just becoming available a year after the hurricane .
LEVEES : The federal government has n't broken any promises with regard to flood protection — mostly because it has assiduously avoided making any .
White House Katrina recovery czar Donald Powell has said that the administration intends to wait for the completion of a $ 20 million U.S. Army Corps of Engineers study , due in December 2007 , before it decides whether to enhance the flood protection system in southern Louisiana enough to resist a Category 5 hurricane .
A preliminary draft of the study released in July was widely criticized because it omitted five projects that state officials say should be started right away .
At the same time , it focused on a massive levee that would stretch hundreds of miles along the Louisiana coast while paying only lip service to the critical task of shoring up the state 's vanishing wetlands , which provide a natural barrier to hurricane flooding .
" We 're wasting our time and money and attention contemplating large - scale levees across the entire state , " said Tim Searchinger , an attorney with the advocacy group Environmental Defense .
The federal government has committed about $ 6 billion since Katrina to repair and improve the Big Easy 's existing levee system .
The first goal was to bring the levee system back to " pre-Katrina " levels by the beginning of the 2006 hurricane season on June 1 .
That goal was largely achieved .
The next step will be to make improvements that will bring the system up to what is variously called Category 3 or 100 - year protection by 2010 .
But planners and state and local officials say that the levees need to be brought up to Category 5 protection , a level that would cost up to $ 30 billion , if people are to have confidence moving back to areas destroyed by Hurricane Katrina .
POVERTY : Bush offered three proposals in Jackson Square to help combat poverty around the Gulf Coast region .
Two of them never went anywhere — the creation of " worker recovery accounts " that would help evacuees find work by paying for school , job training or child care while they looked for employment , and an Urban Homesteading
Act that would give poor people building sites for new homes that they would either finance themselves or obtain through programs such as Habitat for Humanity .
A third proposal , the creation of a Gulf Opportunity zone , did come to pass .
Signed by President Bush in December , the legislation gives $ 8.7 billion in tax breaks to developers of low - income housing projects , small businesses and individuals affected not just by Katrina but by hurricanes Rita and Wilma as well .
The law also provides debt restructuring for financially troubled local governments in the area .
Copyright 2006 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Enlarge By Chip Somodevilla , Getty Images FEMA Director David Paulison said victims of Hurricane Katrina did not suffer or die in vain and that FEMA is much better prepared to handle disaster relief now than it was a year ago at the National Press Club in Washington , D.C. , on Aug. 18 .
By Mark Ward
Technology correspondent , BBC News website , in Hanover
Antig fuel cells should be on sale by early 2007
At the Cebit technology fair in Hanover , Taiwanese hi-tech firm Antig said its fuel cells should be on the shelves of computer shops by early 2007 .
The first versions of the methanol - using units should keep a laptop going for up to nine hours .
Fuel cell technology got a boost recently when international air flight regulators changed rules that banned passengers from carrying flammable methanol onto aircraft .
Linnet Tsai , deputy marketing manager for Antig , said the first fuel cells to go on sale would marry familiar lithium - ion batteries with the methanol - based technology .
Instead of storing power , fuel cells generate electricity by breaking down methanol via an electrochemical process .
The fuel cells can be recharged by topping them up with methanol from a cartridge .
These " hybrid " devices will work with existing laptops and will fit into the media bay - typically the location of the CD / DVD drive .
Laws changing
Ms Tsai said its manufacturing partner was currently evaluating the finished product - a process that could take up to six months .
Preparing sales channels and the delivery system so consumers find it easy to get hold of methanol cartridges will take a few more months .
The regulations are coming along , the product is coming along and the third part with the infrastructure for the cartridges is coming along too
Linnet Tsai , Antig
She added that international air travel laws would limit the attractiveness of fuel cells before that date .
" There used to be restrictions on passengers to take methanol on flights , " said Ms Tsai .
But , she explained , the International Civil Aviation Organisation ( ICAO ) recently changed its guidelines to allow passengers to take methanol cartridges with them when they travel .
Ms Tsai said the change in regulations come into force in January 2007 .
" The regulations are coming along , the product is coming along and the third part with the infrastructure for the cartridges is coming along , too , " Ms Tsai added .
March 29 , 2006
Before I even get started , a bit of a disclaimer is in order :
This post has been years in the making if only subconsciously .
That is to say I ’ve been a not - so - casual observer to the Bose phenomenon for the past 16 years or so and with the sheer amount of information I ’ve been bottling up for the last decade and a half .
This will be a long ( and potentially controversial ) post so please bear with me .
Circa 1994 : I ’m working in a high end audio store , a couple walks in and ask to hear a surround sound system .
I take them to our audio for video room and begin a demonstration of a Marantz receiver paired with a 5.1 speaker package from PSB audio .
They listen for a few minutes and say , “ What about Bose ? ”
After a brief pause I replied with my standard , “ We feel we ’ve found other brands that offer better performance than ( insert - brand - name - here ) and if you ’ll let me continue , I think you ’ll feel the same way . ”
Both the customer and salesmen won that day , i.e .
I sold them a system that offered significantly better sound quality than Bose and it consisted of components not all in one box .
I ’ve always found it odd that more folks do n’t recognize the single box approach is a liability as much as a convenience .
If a source component fails , you still have the receiver on hand for radio and television playback .
If your all - in - one box fails , nothing works .
Not to mention the lack of an upgrade path with single box systems , but I digress .
This was far from the last time I made that speech and it ’s ultimately why I got out of retail sales .
Those words , “ What about Bose ? ” conjure up memories of frustrating afternoons trying to convince someone that brand recognition does n’t necessarily equate performance .
Some people are cut out for retail sales and others are n’t .
I do n’t consider myself a natural born salesmen , but given the setting I made due with the skills I had and more often than not I found ways to swing potentially negative outcomes my way .
But in the end , I went on to focus on areas I had more expertise in ; installation , design , and management .
I suppose by this point you ’ve already realized this article wo n’t be overly favorable towards Bose , but at the same time I wo n’t overlook what Bose has done right .
The problem therein lies with what Bose has done right ; it has very little to do with performance and a lot to do with marketing .
If you were to walk down the street in any major metropolitan city , or country back road for that matter , and ask a passerby quick name a speaker brand , a large percentage would rattle off Bose in a heartbeat .
How can this be ?
How can one audio manufacturer be so universally well known ?
The answer is advertising and clever marketing .
Bose ’s second closest competitor probably does n’t spend 1 / 4 as much on advertising and it ’s paid off for them in spades .
Bose was founded in 1964 , Sony in 1946 * , and RCA in the 1920’s .
Look at the vast array of products introduced by both RCA and Sony and compare them with the relatively few offerings from Bose .
Yet Bose in many circles is just as esteemed and recognized as any other electronics company .
How can this be ?
Again marketing .
Bose ’s perception and product recognition among consumers is undeniable , but I reiterate this does n’t necessarily equate to performance , value , or quality .
• Why is Bose so popular ?
So let ’s examine some of the reasons Bose has carved out such a strong niche in the audio market and then I ’ll offer my own observations and hopefully level the playing field a bit .
Going all the way back to the Bose 901’s ( and farther ) the company began a campaign of branding and word association that remains with them to this day .
A few examples of words that have become synonymous with Bose are : Direct Reflecting , Acoustimass , and Waveguide .
Now all of these terms may or may not mean anything to you , but how about a few more examples : Lifestyle System , Wave Radio , 3 •2•1 system , Mini Cube System , etc , are all examples of the strong branding behind Bose .
Simply put , it ’s very likely you can go out and buy a system from Bose today that was available in - name 5,10 or 15 years ago .
This was a very smart branding move on their part , as it allows the product to be introduced , mature and plateau in a time frame that other products have long since been forgotten .
And how did we learn these product names ?
From countless print , internet , and radio ads of course .
If you ’re like me you probably have a stack of home theater magazines somewhere nearby , go grab a handful .
I ’ll bet you Bose ads can be found in the majority of them .
And it ’s not just the ad themselves , oftentimes who delivers them is just as important as the content of the ad .
Paul Harvey , longtime
Bose pitchman is heard by millions of listeners each day , many of who regard his word as infallible .
Do I believe Mr. Harvey is doing his listeners a disservice by hawking Bose products ?
Of course not , the show needs advertisers and the product fills the needs of many of Harvey ’s listeners just fine .
But again I make the assertion that sometimes good or valuable is in the eye of the beholder and what ’s adequate for one consumer falls very short of the mark for others .
Ok , so far we ’ve examined several of the reasons Bose is such an icon in the consumer electronics industry .
Now I want to explore some specifics behind the products and hopefully shed some light on why a little research can be well worth your time , if you ’re in the market for a new audio system .
Part ( 2 ) continued
* Changed name to Sony in 1958
Posted by Bryan Greenway | | Filed Under Surround Sound
Comments
In a famous blogpost from summer 2005 , ClockSkew poked around inside Quartz Composer and discovered some fairly - complete - looking patches that are n’t available through the interface .
ClockSkew also made a cool patch plugin that made these available through the interface .
Unfortunately this plugin was written when Intel Macs did n’t exist , and it is n’t a Universal Binary .
Having myself somewhat of an obscurity - obsession , I decided to investigate how ClockSkew did this , and insodoing discovered a few new hidden patches .
This release is only compatible with Tiger ( 10.4 ) .
Please see
This release is only compatible with Tiger ( 10.4 ) .
Please see kineme.net for Leopard - specific informations .
I started by using class - dump on the QuartzComposer binary itself ( Version 2.1.1 ( 17.1 ) ) and the stock “ ExtraPatches.plugin ” , then trimming the output down a bit with grep .
This gave me the following :
smokris@sirota 26 .../QuartzComposer.framework -> class - dump QuartzComposer |grep QC.* Patch $ |grep -v UI $ @interface QCProgrammablePatch : QCPatch @interface QCThreadPatch : QCPatch @interface QCImagePatch : QCThreadPatch @interface QC3DShape : QCPatch @interface QCBillboard : QCPatch @interface QCCamera : QCPatch ... [ another eighty lines or so ] ...
and
smokris@sirota 34 .../ ExtraPatches.plugin/Contents/MacOS
-> class - dump ExtraPatches |grep QC.* Patch $ |grep -v UI $ @interface QCMidiPatch : QCPatch @interface QCQuickTimePatch : QCImagePatch @interface QCJavaScript : QCProgrammablePatch @interface QCMidiControllers : QCMidiPatch @interface QCVideoInput : QCQuickTimePatch @interface QCQuickTimePlayer : QCPatch @interface QCMidiClock : QCMidiPatch @interface QCMidiNotes : QCMidiPatch @interface QCTeapot : QCPatch @interface QCiTunesDatabase : QCImagePatch @interface QCSyndication : QCPatch @interface QCAudioInput : QCPatch @interface QCIMServices : QCPatch
I then browsed these lists for names that did n’t appear in the interface , and discovered the following :
QC3DShape QCCheckBoardImage QCColorMask QCColorMixer QCExpression QCFlameImage QCGLSLShader QCIMServices QCLog QCRSSParser QCSampleHold QCSignal QCStringTimecode QCSyndication QCTimeLoop QCiTunesDatabase
Weird .
So I went into QC and dropped a few patches on a composition , saved it , and opened it in Property List Editor .
I changed the class names of the dropped patches to those listed above , and found some surprising results :
Quick tests of these suggest they do more - or - less as advertised .
The “ QCExpression ” ( the patch with the title “ a * ( 1 - sin ( b ) ) ” )
I find particularly exciting , what with the prevalence “ Math ” patches tend to have in my compositions .
“ RSS Parser ” appears at first glance to be pretty much identical to the existing “ RSS Feed ” , but with different output names and an additional “ Update Signal ” input .
Unfortunately the “ QC3DShape ” would n’t initialize at all .
Eskatonia provides a composition allowing one to cut - and - paste hidden patches into your own compositions …
In that vein …
I present to you : a composition containing the usual hidden patches and several never - before - seen hidden patches .
Enjoy .
I ’m still trying to figure out how to make a plugin that causes these hidden patches to appear in the interface , as ClockSkew did .
Doing a registerNodeWithClass : [ QCFlameImage class ] causes QC to spin the rainbow endlessly .
Any ideas ?
Steve Mokris is a developer at Kosada , Inc .
Conventional wisdom says tech companies rise and fall with the waves of innovation that lash the shores of the technology business .
There are so many examples of this that I wo n't bother to repeat them .
But there is one cat out there that has so far avoided that fate .
His name is Bill Gates and his company , Microsoft , is being talked about quite a bit in the blog world and the business rags this week .
Let 's go back and look at the three lives that Microsoft has had so far .
PC 1.0 - Bill invented PC 1.0 when he got IBM to adopt his OS ( not even sure it was his OS , but we 'll leave that one alone ) as the standard for the PC platform .
PC 2.0 - Apple created PC 2.0 , threatening Microsoft 's dominance .
Bill retooled Microsoft to respond to the threat .
The result was Windows and Office , the two franchises that even today power most of the Company 's revenue and profits .
Web 1.0 - Netscape made the browser mainstream threatening Microsoft 's dominance of the desktop .
Now the browser was the place people lived on a computer .
Bill went after Netscape with a vengeance , bundled Internet Explorer into the Windows OS , and put Netscape out of business and got himself in trouble with the Feds .
So far , this cat has had three lives .
So now we 've got Web 2.0 .
Is this cat going to get a fourth life ?
That 's what inquiring minds want to know .
It 's a $ 280 bn question .
Web 2.0 - Google invents the ultimate disruptive free web service with search and shows how it can be monetized like hell with paid search .
Every entrepreneur worth their salt takes the LAMP stack and builds a lighweight web service to try their hand at the same trick .
This is n't cool for Microsoft at all .
So the question is whether Microsoft 's response , coming next year in the form of Vista ( fka Longhorn ) and supplemented with .net , Avalon , Ajax , and a host of other interesting web service oriented technologies , will bring them back to the leadership position they believe belongs to them .
My friend Brad Feld spent a day at PDC and came away saying that 2006 will be the year of Microsoft .
Read his post , because it got me thinking , and it might get you thinking .
Earlier yesterday I had lunch with a friend who predicted that Vista will put a lot of these lightweight web services out of business the way that the Windows / Office juggernaut put a lot of PC software companies out of business in the early 90s and pissed the VCs off mightily .
So some smart people are clearly thinking that this cat has at least four lives .
But I am not so sure .
I did n't go to PDC , I did n't work at Microsoft , I am not " technical " , but my gut says that we are in a different place now and its going to be much harder for Bill to put this genie back in the bottle .
People ask me why all these smart developers are leaving Microsoft .
I do n't think its the " rats leaving the simking ship " phenomenon because Microsoft is not a sinking ship and even if it does n't have nine lives will live a long time on its Windows / Office franchise .
I think its because software is becoming " organic " .
I believe Google started this movement .
They released a free web service that people responded to in an emotional way .
That created a phenomenon that drew developers and users to the Google franchise .
Google opened up their APIs so people could build businesses on top of them .
Now they have a whole ecosystem .
This has happened with other software platforms too - Craigslist , Flickr , Skype , etc .
Microsoft may want to be part of this " organic " software world , but its not in their DNA .
And I think many of their leading technology minds get this new way of being and want to be part of it .
So they leave , some to Google , many to do startups .
Consumers get this too .
They do n't want to be locked in any more .
Microsoft is the master of lock in .
They want open software , open source , open potential .
You do n't have to look any farther than Firefox ' market share to see this happening in the consumer market .
CIOs might not get this yet .
I think Microsoft 's franchise is the CIO going forward because they are risk adverse and are the least likely to move to this new developing organic software model .
But consumers will lead the companies they work for into this world whether they like it or not .
And eventually people will be using wikis and web based email and calendaring apps in their offices and Office will slowly matter less and less .
That 's my view .
So does this cat have nine lives ?
It depends on the quality of life he 's looking for .
I can see an IBM - like scenario for Microsoft in its fourth and possibly fifth life .
But I can't see them at the top of the technology hill planting their flag again for the fourth time next year .
It 's just not going to happen that way this time .
Popular posts you may have been seeking ....
Were you looking for :
This blog has moved to www.friedbeef.com
Please visit us in our new home !
Bolton dice que las consecuencias de un segundo mandato de Trump serían irreparables
AMAIA URIBE | ETB
EiTB ha hablado en exclusiva con el ex asesor de seguridad del presidente Donald Trump , y se ha mostrado tajante contra su mandato .
Two - scale Tone Management for Photographic Look
MIT CSAIL
ACM Transactions on Graphics , Volume 25 , Issue 3 ( Proc. of SIGGRAPH 2006 )
Soonmin Bae Sylvain Paris Frédo Durand MIT CSAILACM
Transactions on Graphics , Volume 25 , Issue 3 ( Proc. of SIGGRAPH 2006 )
Abstract
We introduce a new approach to tone management for photographs .
Whereas traditional tone - mapping operators target a neutral and faithful rendition of the input image , we explore pictorial looks by controlling visual qualities such as the tonal balance and the amount of detail .
Our method is based on a two - scale non-linear decomposition of an image .
We modify the different layers based on their histograms and introduce a technique that controls the spatial variation of detail .
We introduce a Poisson correction that prevents potential gradient reversal and preserves detail .
In addition to directly controlling the parameters , the user can transfer the look of a model photograph to the picture being edited .
Paper [ 1 MB pdf ] [ 10 MB pdf ] [ ps ]
Results [ Portfolio ]
Video [ 20 MB Video ] [ 600 MB Video ]
Presentation [ Powerpoint ]
Acknowledgement
We thank the reviewers of the MIT Computer Graphics Group and the SIGGRAPH reviewers for insightful feedback .
We are especially grateful to Eugene Hsu and Eric Chan for their expert comments on our prints .
This work was supported by a National Science Foundation CAREER award 0447561 " Transient Signal Processing for Realistic Imagery , " an NSF Grant No. 0429739 " Parametric Analysis and Transfer of Pictorial Style , " and a grant from Royal Dutch / Shell Group .
Frédo Durand acknowledges a Microsoft Research New Faculty Fellowship .
Sylvain Paris was partially supported by a Lavoisier Fellowship from the French " Ministère des Affaires Étrangères . "
Soonmin Bae is financially supported by the Samsung Lee Kun Hee Scholarship Foundation .
We introduce a new approach to tone management for photographs .
Whereas traditional tone - mapping operators target a neutral and faithful rendition of the input image , we explore pictorial looks by controlling visual qualities such as the tonal balance and the amount of detail .
Our method is based on a two - scale non-linear decomposition of an image .
We modify the different layers based on their histograms and introduce a technique that controls the spatial variation of detail .
We introduce a Poisson correction that prevents potential gradient reversal and preserves detail .
In addition to directly controlling the parameters , the user can transfer the look of a model photograph to the picture being edited .
We thank the reviewers of the MIT Computer Graphics Group and the SIGGRAPH reviewers for insightful feedback .
We are especially grateful to Eugene Hsu and Eric Chan for their expert comments on our prints .
This work was supported by a National Science Foundation CAREER award 0447561 " Transient Signal Processing for Realistic Imagery , " an NSF Grant No. 0429739 " Parametric Analysis and Transfer of Pictorial Style , " and a grant from Royal Dutch / Shell Group .
Frédo Durand acknowledges a Microsoft Research New Faculty Fellowship .
Sylvain Paris was partially supported by a Lavoisier Fellowship from the French " Ministère des Affaires Étrangères . "
Soonmin Bae is financially supported by the Samsung Lee Kun Hee Scholarship Foundation .
Aug. 10 , 2006 -- Grumpy and brainy may go together in older folks ; but young people tend to be more open and friendly if they 're bright , researchers report .
The study looking at the connection between personality and intelligence was presented today at the American Psychological Association 's 2006 convention in New Orleans .
The researchers -- York University 's Thomas Baker , MA , and Pennsylvania State University 's Jacqueline Bichsel , PhD -- wanted to see if higher intelligence test scores matched up with any of five personality traits : openness , extroversion , agreeableness , conscientiousness , and neuroticism .
Neuroticism did n't appear linked to intelligence test scores at any age .
But , among younger subjects ( 19-60 ) , openness and extroversion , or friendliness , were tied to higher intelligence scores .
This was not so for the older group ( 61 - 89 ) .
Instead , a lack of agreeableness was a predictor for the highest test scores in those over 60 .
That is , high scorers tended to be grumpier in the over - 60 group .
The results suggest " that a disagreeable nature goes hand in hand with advanced vocabulary and general knowledge in old age , " the researchers write .
This post is also available in : Español ( Spanish )
Pin 27 Shares
( Updated Testing Results for 2019 )
Want to know how to unlock iPhone 7 ?
Summary :
Owning the brand new iPhone 7 or 7 plus is exciting .
Being locked to a carrier who charges through the roof and gives you substandard customer service is not …
If you want to switch to a carrier that actually provides value for money , or even just want to be able to use a local carrier while overseas , you need an IMEI unlock .
An IMEI unlock safely and permanently frees your iPhone 7 from your carrier meaning you ’re able to use your device with whichever provider you want .
The cheapest and most reliable iPhone 7 IMEI provider to use depends on your location .
If you ’re locked to a carrier inside the US , use imeidoctor.com .
They have the best prices , best support , and are the most reliable provider we tested , but have a limited range of unlocks outside North America and the UK .
They have the best prices , best support , and are the most reliable provider we tested , but have a limited range of unlocks outside North America and the UK .
If you ’re locked to a carrier outside the US , use DirectUnlocks .
They can untether your iPhone from almost every service provider in the world , have great prices , solid support ( including phone support ) and are very reliable , but are slightly more expensive than iPhoneIMEI .
They can untether your iPhone from almost every service provider in the world , have great prices , solid support ( including phone support ) and are very reliable , but are slightly more expensive than iPhoneIMEI .
Unlocking Guide – How To Unlock Your iPhone 7 / Plus & 7s / Plus ?
The latest and greatest iPhone has landed on our shores , and with it comes the same old problems .
Phone service providers are still charging ridiculous fees , providing poor network availability and customer service , and charging crazy international roaming fees to anyone who heads overseas .
These high rates and substandard service would n’t be acceptable in any other industry , but companies like AT&T , Sprint , O2 , and Vodafone can get away with it because of device locking .
Phone locking is where your mobile device is tied to a particular carrier and you ’re not able to use it with any other carrier .
This means they can charge what they want and provide as little as they want and they know you ’re not going to leave them .
That is , of course , unless you unlock your iPhone 7 or 7 plus .
Phone unlocking is where you remove the restrictions that prevent you from using your device with another carrier and get the freedom to escape all the problems they ’re creating .
There are three methods for unlocking available on the market .
But , only one that works …
Method # 1 : Software Method
( Has n’t worked since the iPhone 3G )
The first iPhone unlocking method to appear on the market was the software unlock .
It first became available when the iPhone 3G first hit the market and exploited a hardware loophole on the device to allow some users to move their device to any carrier they wanted .
Unfortunately , this method was identified by Apple and the loophole was closed with the release of the iPhone 4 meaning that it ’s not effective on the iPhone 7 .
Method # 2 : Hardware Method
( Dangerous , unreliable , and will void your warranty )
You can also get your iPhone 7 unlocked by the hardware method .
This method identified once the software unlocking loophole was closed was hardware process .
Hardware unlocking is where you pay a suspicious looking guy in a suspicious looking back alley to physically open up your device and play with its internal hardware .
It ’s dangerous , dirty , only has a 30 % effectiveness rate , and will completely void your warranty in the off - chance it does work .
Does that sound like something you want to do to your brand new iPhone 7 / 7 Plus ?
No , I did n’t think so .
Method # 3 : IMEI Unlocking
( Only safe and effective method for iPhone 7 / 7 Plus )
The final , and only effective method for unlocking a mobile device is the IMEI or factory unlock .
An IMEI is the unique identifying code used to identify your phone .
Each device has a different IMEI and it ’s stored on the Apple database along with other identifying features , including model number , colour , storage size , year of production , and most importantly , whether it ’s locked to a particular network .
An IMEI solution is where the status of your iPhone is changed from being locked to a particular network to being unlocked on the Apple database .
This is safe , effective , permanent , and most importantly , does not void your warranty .
Because of this , an IMEI unlock is the only iPhone 7 or 7 Plus method I recommend .
IMEI Unlock Provider Testing Process
The explosion of iPhone sales over the last 8 years has been followed by an explosion of IMEI unlock providers .
And as with any industry , the quality , level of service , and reliability of those providers varies greatly .
To make sure you only end use an IMEI provider who ’s going to deliver , I ’ve gone through and reviewed and tested the major players in the industry .
Even though I ’ve already done this with both iPhone 5 / S/ C / and iPhone 6/6 Plus / 6s / 6s Plus , it was important to make sure that these service providers could deliver with the newest Apple 7 .
Here ’s how I conducted that test .
Skip testing methodology and go straight to test results
Finding Test Subjects
Probably the hardest part of this test was finding enough people with an 7 or 7 Plus who wanted them freed up !
It ’s a new phone and most people have n’t had enough time to become dissatisfied with the level of service provided just yet .
But , I did n’t manage to find 8 Apple 7 phone owners and 4 iPhone 7
Plus owners through my network of friends and website readers to test these IMEI providers with .
These iPhone 7 ’s were locked to the following networks :
3 x locked to AT&T USA
3 x locked to AT&T USA 2 x locked to Sprint USA
2 x locked to Sprint USA 1 x locked to Vodafone UK
1 x locked to Vodafone UK 1 x locked to O2 UK
1 x locked to O2 UK 1 x locked to T - Mobile USA
These iPhone 7 ’s
Plus were locked to the following networks :
1 x locked to AT&T USA
1 x locked to AT&T USA 1 x locked to EE UK
1 x locked to EE UK 1 x locked to KDDI Japan
1 x locked to KDDI Japan 1 x locked to Rogers Canada
Culling Down Factory Unlock Providers
The first step in testing these factory providers was to reduce the 29 providers down to a number I could test .
I only had 12 phones to play with and I wanted to test each provider with multiple phones so I had to reduce the number down to three .
To do this , I created a list of unlock providers and then set about reading through various online review websites like TrustPilot and Ripoff Report to find who was legitimate provider and who was simply running a scam .
It was easy to weed out the obvious scams and keep reducing the list until I had what looked like the top three iPhone 7 IMEI providers .
Testing Methodology
The test itself was simple .
I purchased 4 iPhone 7 IMEI unlocks from each of three providers I ’d identified as being legitimate .
I then allowed the process to run it ’s course whilst contacting their customer support along the way , so I could discover who was value for money and who was a ripoff .
Judging Criteria
There are 6 criteria I used to judge the performance of these providers :
Criteria 1 : Success of unlock
This has to be # 1 here : did they or did they not deliver on their promise to free the phone they were paid to unlock ?
If they did , hooray !
If they did n’t , boo !
Success / failure is critical because THAT’S WHAT THEY’RE PAID TO DO .
Criteria 2 : Range of services available
There ’s no point in recommending an IMEI provider if they can only unlock iPhone 7 ’s locked to some obscure carrier in a small eastern - European country that no - one ’s ever heard of .
The recommended provider needs to have solutions for a wide range of carriers from a wide range of countries , otherwise , there would be no point in recommending them .
Criteria 3 : Cost
It ’s great for these providers to have a wide range and actually deliver on their promises , but if each methods costs more than the phone they ’re unlocking , what ’s the point ?
Because of this , the third criteria used to judge the quality of the providers was cost , with preference given to the cheapest provider who could deliver a quality product .
Criteria 4 : Payment Methods
Can free up my iPhone 7 ?
Great .
Have a big range of unlocks ?
Awesome .
Have decent prices ?
Excellent .
Only accept payments with seashells sent via registered post to the Solomon Islands ?
Bad .
Obviously , this is n’t a real scenario , but there are some IMEI providers who only accept Western Union money transfer , which is a pain in the arse , whereas other accept PayPal and all major credit cards .
It ’s pretty easy to guess who I ’m going to recommend .
Criteria 5 : Customer Service
Paying someone you ’ve never met before to perform a process you ’re not familiar with can be a nerve - wracking experience .
The only thing that can calm these nerves is solid customer service .
Because of this , each provider will be tested three times through the services ’ process for their contact types , politeness , responsiveness , and helpfulness
Criteria 6 : Speed
While you want your mobile device unlocked , you do n’t want to have to wait any longer than necessary to change networks .
Because of this , each provider will be judged on how long it takes them to complete the unlock .
What to expect when using IMEIDoctor or another recommended option DirectUnlocks ?
1. IMEI Code
First you will need to figure out your devices ’s IMEI code .
This is the unique number for your iPhone 7 that the provider needs to identify and unlock your device .
There are three methods :
Method 1 : Dial *#06 # and it will send back the IMEI code .
Method 1 : Dial *#06 # and it will send back the IMEI code .
Method 2 : For iPhone 5 or newer , the IMEI number is located on the rear of the device .
Method 2 : For iPhone 5 or newer , the IMEI number is located on the rear of the device .
Method 3 : All non-activated phones , find the little “ i ” button on the activation screen , click it and you ’ll see the IMEI on the following screen .
2. Model of your device
You will also need to know the model of your device such as the iPhone 4 , 5 , 5c , 5s , 6 , 6 plus , 7 , 7 plus , iPad 2 etc .
3 . Fill out the requested details
Click the following link to IMEIDoctor or DirectUnlocks and fill out the details they request ( IMEI and Phone Model )
4. Click the Unlock now ! button 5 . Pay the service fee using your credit card 6 .
Supply your email address to get updates on the unlock status 7 .
Enjoy your phone !
Celebrate your newly freed mobile phone within a few days .
Top 3 IMEI Unlock Providers for iPhone 7/7 Plus
The tests have been completed and the results are in .
If you need your iphone 7 unlocked , these are the three best IMEI providers on the market , in order of preference .
# 1. IMEIDoctor ( 9.5/10 – Use inside the USA , UK or Canada )
The #1 IMEI provider I found for iPhone 7 and 7 Plus was IMEIDoctor .
They ’re fast , reliable , reasonably priced , have great customer support , and most importantly , unlocked all 4 iPhones we paid them for .
Their range is limited outside of the USA , Canada , and the UK , but as those countries make up about 80 % of unlocks , they get my vote as # 1 .
PROs :
The biggest pro of IMEIDoctor is that of the three unlock providers we tested , they were the only unlock provider that unlocked all 4 mobile devices we paid them for .
That ’s the biggest pro because it means you ’re going to get what you paid them for .
Simple as that .
But , that ’s not the only place where they stood out .
On average , they were 17 % cheaper than the other unlock providers .
Prices varied between phone service providers and countries , but when we averaged out the costs differences , it came to 17 % .
The other area that really separated them from the crowd was their customer support .
I contacted them three times — once before purchasing the unlock , once during the process , and once after the unlock was complete — and they responded quickly , with the information I requested , and in a polite and helpful manner .
Their service delivery times were the same as our # 2 recommendation ( an average of 48 hours ) , which is excellent , but not a point of difference .
CONs :
The only real con for imeidoctor.com is their limited range of unlocks .
They can free your iPhone 7 or 7 Plus from just about every phone service provider inside the US , Canada , and the UK , but you might not find the provider you want if you ’re outside those areas .
OVERALL : With great prices , helpful and polite customer support , and a 100 % success rate on all 4 unlocks , IMEIDoctor is my # 1 recommendation if you ’re inside the US , UK , or Canada .
If your iPhone 7 or 7 Plus is locked to a carrier inside the US , go to IMEIDoctor now .
# 2 DirectUnlocks ( 9/10 – Use outside the USA , UK , or Canada )
DirectUnlocks is the # 2 provider on the list .
On customer service , speed , and price , they matched IMEIDoctor , and on range of unlocks , they have even more than Keys2iPhone , but there was one problem .
They were only able to unlock 3 of the 4 iPhone 7 ’s we paid for …
Pros
DirectUnlocks do a lot of things well .
Their prices , customer support , and unlock speed were all the same as IMEIDoctor ..
do a lot of things well .
Their prices , customer support , and unlock speed were all the same as ..
They averaged 2 days for each of the unlocks they completed .
They averaged 2 days for each of the unlocks they completed .
They responded politely to our customer support enquiries .
They responded politely to our customer support enquiries .
They were 16 % cheaper than the average .
They were 16 % cheaper than the average .
The one really big pro that separates them from the rest of the providers is that they have the biggest range of unlocks available anywhere on the market .
And not just by 10 % or 15 % ; the difference is huge .
I could n’t tell you exactly how many phone service providers are on their list , but I ’d guess they have just about every provider in every country in the world .
Cons
There ’s only one con here , but it ’s a big one .
Of the 4 iPhone 7 unlocks we purchased , they only unlocked 3 of them .
They were successful with the AT&T USA , Rogers Canada , and EE UK , but could n’t get KDDI Japan to work .
To be fair , they warned that they were having trouble getting KDDI unlocked when we placed our order , but it was still a failure .
Overall
DirectUnlocks are a solid provider .
They ’re reasonably priced , quick , have great customer service , and the biggest range of unlocks available on the market .
Whilst they only managed to unlock 3 of the 4 unlocks we purchased , they did warn us that they were n’t having success with that particular phone service provider .
If you ’re locked to a carrier outside the United States , United Kingdom , or Canada , head to DirectUnlocks now .
# 3 Keys2iPhone ( 5/10 – Do n’t use them )
KeysiPhone are the final provider on my list , and they ’re here for a reason .
Sure , they managed to complete 2 of the 4 unlocks we paid for , but that was only after asking us for an additional payment that was as much as we originally paid !
And if that was n’t enough …
Pros
The only real pro is that they completed 2 unlocks .
There ’s really not much else to say here .
Cons
They only completed 50 % of the unlocks we purchased .
They only completed 50 % of the unlocks we purchased .
It took an average of 5 days to complete those unlocks .
It took an average of 5 days to complete those unlocks .
They only completed them after requiring additional payments of what we originally paid for the unlocks !
Apparently , they had to use premium services to unlock those two phones .
They only completed them after requiring additional payments of what we originally paid for the unlocks !
Apparently , they had to use premium services to unlock those two phones .
Their customer service is terrible .
They only responded to our pre-sales emails and completely ignored our support emails .
Their customer service is terrible .
They only responded to our pre-sales emails and completely ignored our support emails .
We had to file chargebacks to get refunds for two unlocks they could n’t complete .
Overall
They completed two of the four unlocks we paid for and everything else went poorly .
Their support , trying to get refunds , their unlock time , everything was poor .
Plenty of cons .
Not the kind of company I would trust with my money or iPhone .
In Conclusion
There are three methods available if you need to get your iphone 7 unlocked : software unlocking , hardware unlocking and IMEI or factory unlocking .
Software unlocking has n’t worked since the iPhone 3G , hardware unlocking is dangerous and will void your warranty , meaning that IMEI unlocking is the only safe way to unlock your iPhone 7 or 7 Plus .
I evaluated 29 providers and tested 3 and the IMEI unlock provider you should use depends on your location .
If you ’re locked to a carrier inside the USA , UK or Canada use IMEIDoctor .
They specialise in unlocks inside the US , UK , and Canada and have the cheapest prices , fastest unlocks and polite and responsive customer support .
They were the only provider to complete all 4 unlocks we purchased .
They have a limited range outside the US , UK , and Canada , but if you ’re inside those regions , you ’ll get a great deal .
They specialise in unlocks inside the US , UK , and Canada and have the cheapest prices , fastest unlocks and polite and responsive customer support .
They were the only provider to complete all 4 unlocks we purchased .
They have a limited range outside the US , UK , and Canada , but if you ’re inside those regions , you ’ll get a great deal .
If you ’re locked to a carrier outside the US , UK and Canada , use DirectUnlocks .
They match iPhoneIMEI on price , speed , and customer support and have a huge range of unlocks available from almost every unlock provider around the world .
Yes , they failed to unlock our iPhone 7 Plus locked to KDDI Japan , but they warned us about that when we placed our order .
They matchon price , speed , and customer support and have a huge range of unlocks available from almost every unlock provider around the world .
Yes , they failed to unlock our iPhone 7 Plus locked to KDDI Japan , but they warned us about that when we placed our order .
Related articles on Why The Lucky Stiff :
I thought it was time to follow up my earlier post on why IT people seem to hardly ever run IT companies or even the IT department .
I ’ll start by repeating my original point , the biggest reason for this is that most IT people do n’t want to be in charge and for good reason .
The passions and goals that drive a committed IT worker are not the same goals that drive someone who wants to rise to the top levels of management .
So there ’s the first lesson : in all probability , you ’re going to have to adjust your goals and passions in order to succeed and be happy as a manager .
In fact , “ adjust ” is too mild a world .
If you are a “ hands on ” IT worker with a real passion for the work you are doing , you are going to have to leave it behind completely .
And I mean completely .
There ’s no “ keeping your hand in ” by occasionally delving back into the nuts and bolts .
As a manager it ’s your job to manage .
Trying to get involved at the detail level is selling yourself short in terms of reaching your potential as a manager and more importantly , selling your team short in terms of what they need from a manager .
Be sure that you want to make this change and be honest about whether you can leave your IT work behind , because if you do n’t enjoy being a manager , you wo n’t be successful .
The next thing to do is make sure you understand the role of both management and IT from your company ’s perspective .
Forget why you think IT is important , find out why the company thinks it ’s important .
Techies are excited by IT for its own sake .
Business are excited by the outcomes created by IT .
So what outcomes is your company looking for ?
Is it simply to support business processes , to increase productivity , to reduce expenditure , to open up new market opportunities or some combination of these things ?
Work out how you can translate your knowledge and skills to serve these goals .
Better yet , find a way that you can expand the benefits IT provides the company without limiting the existing goals .
This change in mindset is fundamental if you ’re going to be a good manager .
The third thing you are going to have to do is make sure you are up to dealing with the level of interaction and communication required of a manager .
Let ’s be honest , the reputation of IT people being introspective and having low people skills is not totally undeserved .
This is not talking about “ schmoozing ” and socialising for its own sake , this is talking about developing the skills needed to successfully interact with other people both inside and outside IT circles .
It is n’t limited to learning how to talk to other people ( although that ’s important ) – you need to learn how to really listen to other people and respond to them in a way that lets them know you heard and understood them .
I would n’t recommend a management course , most of the ones I ’ve seen are a waste of time and money .
The world does n’t need more MBAs , the world needs more people with genuine passion and real experience in their field of choice .
Finding a way to develop these skills while staying in your job is the best way to go .
Look for a mentor in the workplace – someone whose management style you respect and preferably someone who has influence within the company .
If your company has an official mentor program , all the better .
If not , make the approach yourself .
Genuinely good managers are usually eager to help others develop ( even if they ’re not your manager ) and might even be flattered that you respect them enough to ask .
Another good strategy is to increase your confidence in expressing yourself in a context outside of the workplace .
It may seem to have no relationship to moving up the management chain at work but you ’d be amazed at how developing your confidence in one area spills over into other aspects of life , making you more confident and successful generally .
Think about a public speaking group like Toastmasters .
Maybe coach a sporting team .
Hell , if you want to go crazy , try some standup comedy .
Do n’t forget written communication .
Try blogging regularly if you ’re not doing it already .
Although do n’t make it a blog where you regularly spew forth your anger at the world generally and your workplace specifically .
Then you ’ll have to make the blog anonymous .
Trust me , you do n’t want your employer finding out about that aspect of your personality .
But if you ’re really driven to succeed and are sure you have exactly what it takes to succeed , here ’s the top tip for you :
Do it yourself !
Do n’t wait for the greyhairs to retire , do n’t fight your way through the corporate jungle , do n’t expend all your energies on workplace politics .
Get out there and do it !
The times have never been better for starting an IT business .
With proper planning you can keep costs low and your reach is limited only by your imagination .
Hell , there are people out there earning six figure incomes from blogging , imagine how well you could do if you were doing something that ’s actually worthwhile !
Start a Micro - ISV , develop a product , sell your services or write a book .
If there ’s something you can do better by yourself than you can inside the confines of a big company , do n’t let anyone stop you .
So to summarise , Mr Angry ’s top 5 tips for IT workers who want to run the show are :
Shift your focus to management rather than being a hands - on techie Understand the company ’s view of management and IT Improve your communications skills – find a mentor Build up your confidence
Do it yourself !
© All Rights Reserved .
Please do not distribute without written permission from Damn Interesting .
Giant waves breaking on the deck of the oil freighter Esso Languedoc
For centuries sailors have been telling stories of encountering monstrous ocean waves which tower over one hundred feet in the air and toss ships about like corks .
Historically oceanographers have discounted these reports as tall tales ⁠ — the embellished stories of mariners with too much time at sea .
But in the last eleven years scientists have discovered strong evidence indicating that such massive rogue waves do exist .
The phenomenon has become the subject of recent scientific study , but their origin remains a mystery of the deep .
About one ship is lost every week in the world ’s oceans , mostly due to poor seamanship or severe weather .
But it now seems likely that at least a small percentage of sea disappearances are due to encounters with these destructive waves .
Over the years experienced captains have made very credible reports of meeting behemoth waves which appear spontaneously , cause extensive damage to their ships , and shrug back into the sea just as mysteriously as they had appeared .
One account describes the appearance of a giant wave trough which onlookers likened to a “ hole in the sea ” , followed by a twelve - story - tall “ wall of water . ”
To further compound the mystery , some such waves have been said to appear mid-ocean , and often in calm weather .
On the open sea , waves can commonly reach seven meters in height ; or even up to fifteen in extreme weather .
In contrast , some reported rogue waves have exceeded thirty meters in height .
Curiously , rogue waves are often seen traveling against the prevailing current and wave directions ; and unlike a tsunami , rogue waves are localized and very short - lived .
Most modern merchant vessels are designed to withstand about fifteen tons of pressure per square meter , but these unusual waves exert a pressure of about one hundred tons per square meter .
Needless to say , a rogue wave means big trouble for any ship it meets .
Encounters with rogue waves have been rare but memorable .
In 1933 in the North Pacific , the US Navy transport USS Ramapo triangulated a rogue wave at thirty - four meters in height .
In 1942 , the RMS Queen Mary was transporting 15,000 US troops to Europe when it was hit by a twenty - three meter wave and nearly capsized .
The giant vessel listed by about 52 degrees due to the impact , after which it slowly righted itself .
In 1978 , the 37,000 - ton MS Munchen radioed a garbled distress call from the mid-Atlantic .
When rescuers arrived , they found only “ a few bits of wreckage , ” including an unlaunched lifeboat with one of its attachment pins “ twisted as though hit by an extreme force . ”
It is now believed that a rogue wave hit the ship , causing it to capsize and sink .
No survivors were ever found .
In 1996 , the Queen Elizabeth 2 encountered a rogue wave of twenty - nine meters , which the Captain said “ came out of the darkness ” and “ looked like the White Cliffs of Dover . ”
London newspapers said that the captain situated the vessel to “ surf ” the wave to avoid being sunk .
Despite these and other encounters with rogue waves , scientists long rejected such claims as unlikely .
Anecdotal evidence is often unreliable , so researchers used computer modelling to predict the likelihood of such massive waves .
Oceanographers ’ findings indicated that waves higher than fifteen meters were probably very rare events , occurring perhaps once in 10,000 years .
That all changed in 1995 when a freak wave hit the Draupner North Sea oil platform .
The oil rig swayed a little , suffering minor damage , but its onboard measuring equipment successfully recorded the wave height at nineteen meters .
More recently , satellite photos and radar imagery have documented the existence of numerous rogue waves , and it turns out that they are far more common than previously thought .
During a three - week study in 2001 , radar scanning detected ten monster waves in a 1.5 million square kilometer area .
Satellites and direct observations have also established that rogue waves can happen anywhere , but they are most numerous in the North Atlantic and off the western shore of South Africa .
In spite of their frequency , monster waves rarely meet with sea vessels because they are so short - lived .
The cause of rogue waves is still an area of active research .
One theory under investigation cites “ constructive interference , ” which is a result of several smaller waves overlapping in phase , combining to produce one massive wave .
Another working hypothesis is based on the “ non-linear Schrödinger effect , ” in which energy is “ soaked up ” from neighboring waves to create a monster wave .
Still other researchers are looking into the possibility that wave energy is being focused by the surrounding environments , or that wind action on the surface is amplifying existing effects .
Science is necessarily skeptical of things which are beyond our observation , but now that rogue waves are a measurable phenomenon they have been officially upgraded from legend to reality .
This recent finding is very telling about how little we really know about our world ’s oceans , and how many secrets the sea must still hold .
Type Theory and Functional Programming
Simon Thompson
ISBN 0-201-41667-0 , Addison - Wesley , 1991 .
So , you can get the original version , warts and all , from CafePress or free from here .
Any errata will be gratefully received and added to the list below .
Why Paul Graham wo n't release ArcPaul Graham recently posted some startup lessons he spoke about at the 2006 Startup School .
In his writeup , he mentioned :
If we look at the footnote , we find : This tells us a few things right off the bat .
First ,
Arc probably wo n't be open source .
If it were open source , then it could be assumed that Paul 's massive following of hackers would jump on it , fix up the rough spots within the first week or two , and proclaim it to be the next best thing since Common Lisp .
If it were closed source , then yes indeed , there will be an equally large push to find bugs , during which , there might be some questions raised regarding Paul 's hacker status and ( in ) ability to extinguish bugs quickly .
He'd be right to harbor some concerns .
The next logical question is , why closed source ?
If he releases a buggy product built around well - designed concepts or constructs , then it probably wo n't take too much effort to implement a similar product in an open - source manner .
Open - source products generally arise because their closed - source counterparts are ( 1 ) too expensive , ( 2 ) too buggy , or ( 3 ) both .
We can certainly conclude that Arc v1.0 will be buggy , and it 's anyone 's guess as to whether it comes with a price tag .
The interesting thing about open - source is that any price tag is too much .
There 's also the question of competition .
With the likes of Ruby on Rails in the neighborhood , I too would be concerned about delivering a competitive web - developing product .
Even at that , Y - combinator is funding would - be Arc-competitors like Infogami Regarding the open - source question , the easiest defense is probably something along the lines of " We 're hosting a server that will run ( insert name here ) , so we do n't need to release the source code " .
Certainly , this formula works well for Google and the Y - combinator startups .
Steve Pavlina has written extensively about finding your purpose , and for Google and the startups , they have a purpose for keeping a tight lid on their source code .
They want to keep their secrets to themselves , and they work hard to make sure their secrets are worthwhile .
What would be the purpose in keeping secret the implementation of Arc ?
I think it 's clear that Paul wo n't enter " desperate startup mode " and code 12 hours / day to stay on top -- not now and not ever again .
Thus , any startup - type business model he builds will lack the key element of .
We can scratch off any plans for making money ( read : creating wealth ) startup style .
Why can't the implementation of Arc be open - sourced ?
I do n't know .
There 's nothing magical about server - side code that prevents it from being open sourced ; heck , Apache is ALL server - side code , and it 's used practically everywhere .
What is the purpose for creating Arc ?
If it is to enable hackers everywhere to use more powerful development tools , then there is a chance of it catching onit 's open source .
If it is to help Paul Graham make more money , then it may never see the light of day .
Paul , if you read this , I hope you 're feeling a little deva vu from when you made your " Ask wealthy entrepreneurs for money , but do n't ask me . "
This time , however it 's more along the lines of " Release software early , but do n't ask me to release mine . "
Instead of nagging you in detail about it , I 'll just say : number one !
Permission to travel
Should you have to ask for permission from the government before you are allowed to get on a plane or cruise ship ?
( " Mother , may I ? " )
The USA Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) has proposed that airlines cruise lines , and operators of all other ships and planes -- including charter flights , air taxis , fishing vessels , etc. -- be required to get individual permission ( " clearance " ) from the DHS for each passenger on all flights or ocean voyages to , from , or via the USA .
Unless the answer is " Yes " -- if the answer is " no " or " maybe " , or if the DHS does n't answer at all -- the airline would n't be allowed to give you a boarding pass , or let you or your luggage on the plane .
I filed comments this week with the DHS on behalf of the Identity Project , the World Privacy Forum , and activist entrepreneur John Gilmore , objecting to this proposal as a violation of international human rights , First Amendment rights , and privacy and government accountability laws .
This is the third identification - related " rulemaking " in the last month and a half in which the DHS has proposed to restrict the right to travel .
I 've worked with the Identity Project to file formal objections to each of these proposals :
Expansion of US - VISIT fingerprinting , photographing , and lifetime dossiers on visitors to include permanent U.S. residents ( green card holders )
The Western Hemisphere Travel Initiative to require passports for travel between the USA , Canada , Mexico , the Caribbean , and Latin America
Conversion of the Advance Passenger Information system ( API or APIS ) for international ship and plane travel into an advance permission system
Airlines and cruise lines also objected to the international APIS proposal , but on grounds of cost and difficulty to implement rather than the rights of travellers .
From the airlines ' comments , it 's clear that the DHS still does n't understand how airlines operate , and continues to base proposals like this on fundamentally erroneous assumptions about their procedures .
There 's no way to link directly to the comments .
To view the entire docket , got to http://www.regulations.gov .
Since comments have closed , check the box to search all documents instead of the default of only documents currently open for comment , then search for " USCBP -2005-0003 " .
As in all such regulatory proceedings , the agency ( the DHS ) is supposed to consider and respond to the public comments before it finalizes the proposed rules .
The consensus of airline comments is that the international APIS proposals are unworkable as written , would cost many times more than the billions of U.S. dollars the DHS estimated , would require expensive and disruptive systemwide schedule changes ( especially with respect to connecting flights ) and major reprogramming of departure control and reservations systems , and would take at least a year to implement , rather than the proposed six months .
Perhaps the most telling comments are those from the USA Department of Defense , which wants not merely military flights but also all flights operated by military contractors exempted from the DHS permission ( " clearance " ) system .
I guess they do n't want their contractors to have any difficulty getting permission for a " rendition " flight if one of the people being delivered to another country for torture is on the no-fly list .
The Pentagon also says the programming the DHS wants completed within six months will take the military at least one to two full years .
[ Addendum , 5 November 2006 : Welcome , Slashdotters and others .
For those who are having trouble navigating the Regulations .
gov
Web site , I 've posted local copies of the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking and the CBP Regulatory Assessement for the APIS proposal , as well as the Identity Project comments in response .
Comments on this blog may be disabled temporarily due to Slashdot traffic .
If your comment is rejected , e-mail it to me and I 'll post it manually once things calm down .
Note also that the NPRM does not state when the proposed new APIS rule would be effective , contrary to some secondary and tertiary sources reporting this story .
Keep watching the Federal Register for a notice of a final rule with an effective date . ]
[ Further addendum : On 23 August 2007 , the DHS published a final rule putting the requirements for government - issued credentials and individualized prior permission for international flights into effect as of 19 February 2008 .
More here and in continuing coverage in this blog .
Wendy Grossman explores the implications of the change in the default from " Yes " to " No " , and reports on her own request for her PNR data , in her " net.wars " column , The permission - based society . ]
Web einsteinandreligion.com
I believe in Spinoza 's God who reveals Himself in the orderly harmony of what exists , not in a God who concerns himself with fates and actions of human beings .
— Albert Einstein
More on this quotation
Some of Einstein's Writings on Science and Religion
Extra white space has been introduced on these pages to make the material easier to read .
Einstein 's paragraphs have been broken up , but can be identified because on most pages they begin with an enlarged letter .
The photograph of Einstein is taken from Bucky and Weakland
George Bush told Tony Blair shortly before the invasion of Iraq that he intended to target other countries , including Saudi Arabia , which , he implied , planned to acquire weapons of mass destruction .
Mr Bush said he " wanted to go beyond Iraq in dealing with WMD proliferation , mentioning in particular Saudi Arabia , Iran , North Korea , and Pakistan , " according to a note of a telephone conversation between the two men on January 30 2003 .
The note is quoted in the US edition , published next week , of Lawless World , America and the Making and Breaking of Global Rules , by the British international lawyer Philippe Sands .
The memo was drawn up by one of the prime minister 's foreign policy advisers in Downing Street and passed to the Foreign Office , according to Mr Sands .
It is not surprising that Mr Bush referred to Iran and North Korea , or even Pakistan - at the time suspected of spreading nuclear know - how , but now one of America 's closest allies in the " war on terror " .
What is significant is the mention of Saudi Arabia .
In Washington , the neo-cons in particular were hostile to the Saudi royal family and did not think they were doing enough to quell Islamist extremists - 15 of the 19 September 11 attackers were Saudis .
But the Bush administration did not in public express concern about any Saudi nuclear ambitions .
In September 2003 , the Guardian reported that Saudi Arabia had embarked on a strategic review that included acquiring nuclear weapons .
Until then , the assumption in Washington was that Saudi Arabia was content to remain under the US nuclear umbrella despite the worsening relationship between Riyadh and Washington .
It is not clear how Mr Blair responded to Mr Bush 's remarks during the telephone conversation , which took place on the eve of a trip to Washington for talks with the US president .
In his book , Blair 's Wars , John Kampfner says that at the meeting the two leaders " agreed to concentrate not just on Iraq ... but also the Middle East " .
But that was taken to be a reference to Palestine .
Mr Blair wanted Mr Bush to express concern about the plight of the Palestinians to appease the Labour party .
Mr Blair at the time was careful to avoid any suggestion that the Bush administration intended to target other countries after the invasion of Iraq .
However , for the first time he suggested there were links between Saddam Hussein and al - Qaida .
After the invasion , Washington adopted a calmer approach towards Iran , leaving it to Britain , France , and Germany to pursue a diplomatic course .
Despite hard evidence that Pakistan was deeply involved in exporting nuclear technology , the Bush administration embraced President Pervez Musharraf as an ally against al - Qaida .
Washington 's relations with Saudi Arabia remain cool .
Mr Sands does not shed further light on the issue .
Claim : The FDA has barred travelers from bringing Vegemite into the U.S .
Status : False .
Example : [ Associated Press , 2006 ]
Reports that U.S. customs agents are searching people from Australia and New Zealand for Vegemite , a popular yeast extract spread , has created consternation among antipodean expatriates living in America .
Reports that U.S. customs agents are searching people from Australia and New Zealand for Vegemite , a popular yeast extract spread , has created consternation among antipodean expatriates living in America .
The Australian Embassy in Washington said it was looking into Australian media reports that customs officials were checking people for the salty brown spread .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has long prohibited imports of Vegemite because it contains folate , a B vitamin approved as an additive for just a few foods , including breakfast cereals .
But until recently there was no difficulty bringing in a few jars for personal use .
Nearly 100,000 Australians and New Zealanders live in the United States .
Reports from Australian and New Zealand media said some people had been searched or asked by U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents if they were carrying Vegemite .
Origins : News
in late October 2006 that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) had ordered customs officials to crack down on the importation of Vegemite into the U.S. caused great consternation among American expatriates from Australia and New Zealand and others who enjoy the Kraft - manufactured “ savoury spread ” made from yeast products .
The ban was reportedly being enforced due to the presence of folate , an FDA - regulated food additive , in the product .
Later accounts , however , suggested the original news overstated the case :
The US government has dismissed media reports it had banned Vegemite .
The US government has dismissed media reports it had banned Vegemite .
“ There is no ban on Vegemite , ” US Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) spokesman Mike Herndon said .
Media reports claimed American border officials were confiscating Vegemite from Australians as they entered the US .
The FDA , charged with policing America ’s food supply , has not issued an “ import alert ” to border officials to halt the import of Vegemite .
Mr Herndon said the FDA was surprised by the media reports .
The controversy centres on folate , an ingredient in Vegemite .
Under US regulations , folate can be added only to breads and cereals .
“ One of the Vitamin B components ( in Vegemite ) is folate , ” Mr. Herndon said .
“ In and of itself , it ’s not a violation .
If they ’re adding folate to it , boosting it up , technically it would be a violation .
“ But the FDA has not targeted it and I do n’t think we intend to target Vegemite simply because of that . ”
Joanna Scott , spokesperson for Vegemite ’s maker , Kraft , reportedly has said , “ The Food and Drug Administration does n’t allow the import of Vegemite simply because the recipe does have the addition of folic acid ” .
But Mr. Herndon said , “ Nobody at the FDA has told them ( Kraft ) there is a ban ” .
The variance in reports seems to stem from a confusion over the difference between importation for commercial use and importation for personal use .
While Kraft has apparently stopped providing Vegemite to U.S. retailers while the issue over folate is resolved , the FDA says that travelers are still free to bring Vegemite into the U.S. for personal use :
Kraft will fight for the right to resume importing Vegemite to the US after the country reconsidered its restriction on the famous spread .
Kraft will fight for the right to resume importing Vegemite to the US after the country reconsidered its restriction on the famous spread .
The US Food and Drug Administration said that travellers carrying Vegemite would not be stopped , in response to revelations in the Herald Sun that Australians had been searched for the sandwich spread at the US - Canadian border .
While travellers are in the clear to pack their traditional breakfast fare , Kraft has not yet been given a green light to export Vegemite to the US , Kraft spokeswoman Joanna Scott said .
However , the American - owned company is in talks to end the deadlock , which has resulted in many stores in the US being unable to source supplies .
According to Kraft , the crackdown on Vegemite was prompted because it contains folate , which the US allows to be added only to breads and cereals .
Last updated : 28 October 2006
Sources :
Healey , Kelvin .
“ Black in the USA . ”
NEWS.com.au. 29 October 2006 .
Nichols , Michelle .
“ Vegemite Crackdown Fears Roil Expats . ”
Associated Press. 24 October 2006 .
Mitchell , Peter .
“ Australian Officials in Vegemite Probe . ”
NEWS.com.au . 24 October 2006 .
NEWS.com.au .
“ U.S. Denies Vegemite Ban . ”
Twitterで質問を受けたので、 mrubyのmrb_gc_arena_save()／mrb_gc_arena_restore( ) の使い方 という解説を行った。が、１つ１４０文字の Twitterでの解説にはどうしても無理があるので、 こっちでまとめることにする。
まずは 、Twitterの発言 はこんな感じ。
arenaの目的。利用中のオブジェクトはGCに回収されないよう保護する必要がありますが、Cのスタックはポータブルに参照できません。そこでC関数実行中に生成したオブジェクトは全部「生きている」とみなす事で保守的に保護します。 yukihiro_matz 2013-07-31 08:16:45
arenaの目的( ２) 。この保護のためにオブジェクトを記録しておく領域がarenaです。mrubyではデフォルトで100個のオブジェクトを登録できます。 yukihiro_matz 2013-07-31 08:19:02
save / restoreの仕事。現状arenaのサイズは固定なのでC関数実行中にあまり沢山オブジェクトを生成するとarenaが溢れます。そこで沢山オブジェクトを生成する前後にsave/restoreを置くことでarenaのサイズを復元し、溢れを回避します yukihiro_matz 2013-07-31 08:27:02
save / restoreの使い方。オブジェクトを生成する領域の前後をsave/restoreで囲みます。ただし、囲まれた範囲内のオブジェクトが保護されなくなりますから、どうしても必要なものはrestore後mrb_gc_protect()で改めて保護してください。
yukihiro_matz
2013-07-31 08:33:61
これを再度まとめてみよう。
mruby をCで拡張していると 「 arena overflow error」という 「 謎のエラー 」に悩まされることがある。 これはmruby で「保守的GC」を実現している「 GC arena」という領域があふれたというエラーだ。
GC ( ガーベージコレクター ) は、オブジェクトがまだ「 生きている」、
つまり、プログラムのどこかから参照されているかどうかを判定する必要がある。
これはルートと呼ばれる参照から直接・間接に参照可能かどうかで判別する。
ルートには、ローカル変数・グローバル変数・定数などが含まれる。
プログラムの実行がmruby VMの中でおさまっている時にはこれは問題ない。 VMの持つルートはすべてGCからアクセス可能だからだ。
問題 はCで記述された関数を実行中の時。 Cの変数から参照されたオブジェクトも「生きている」わけだが、 mrubyのGCはCの変数の内容を感知できないので、
C変数からしか参照されていないオブジェクトは死んでいると誤解してしまう。
まだ生きているオブジェクトを回収してしまうのは、GCとしてもっともやってはいけないバグだ。
CRubyでは、Cのスタック領域を無理やりスキャンすることで、
Cの変数をルートとしてチェックしている。 もちろん、Cのスタックを単なるメモリ領域としてアクセスするわけだから、
それが整数を意味する値なのか、ポインタ値を意味する値なのか判別することはできない。
しかし、まあ、そこは「ポインタのように見える値は安全側に倒してポインタだと思って処理する」という
方針で処理している。この「安全側に倒す」というポリシーのことを「保守的」と呼ぶ。
され、このよう なCRuby の「保守的GC」にはいくつか問題がある。
その最大のものは 「 移植性のある方法でスタック領域にアクセスする方法がない」ということだ。
つまり、移植性の高さを実現しようとするmrubyのような処理系では使えないってこと。
そこで、mrubyは別の方法で 「 保守的 GC」を実現した。
問題なのは、C関数実行中に生成されたオブジェクトで、 Rubyの世界から参照されてないオブジェクトのうち、
C変数からは参照されているのでまだゴミ扱いしてはいけないものが存在する、 ということだ。
既に述べたよう にCRubyは、Cスタックをスキャンしてゴミのように見えるがゴミでないものを保護している。
しかし、その方法が使えないmrubyは、より保守的なポリシーを採用した。 つまり、C関数実行中に生成されたオブジェクトは、極端に安全側に倒して、いっそ全部生きているとみなせば、
少なくともゴミでないものを回収してしまう問題は回避できるんじゃないかと。
この結果、本当はゴミであるものを回収できないので、若干効率が下がることになるが、
移植性が高いまま、保守的なGCを実現できることになる。
CRubyで時々発生する「最適化で参照が削除されてゴミでないのにGCされた」問題とも無縁になる。
このポリシーで 、 「 C関数実行中に生成されたオブジェクト」を登録しておくテーブルが
「 GC arena」である。arenaはスタック状になっていて、 C関数の実行が終わるとその間に登録されたオブジェクトはポップされる。
原則としてはこれだけで、普通の場合は、これでめでたしめでたしなのだが、
GC arenaの存在は別の問題を引き起こすことがある。 これが前述した 「 arena overflow error」だ 。
メモリが少ない環境でも動作することを考慮したmrubyはarenaのサイズを固定長にしており、
しかも、そのサイズはデフォルトで100とかなり小さめに設定されている。
実は当初はサイズ1000とかちょっと大きめにしていたのだが、
このテーブルサイズが厳しい環境があったのと、
後述するようなテクニックを使い、適切にarenaを管理すれば100でも普通に動くので、
現状は100にしている。
その結果、C関数の実行中に数多くのオブジェクトを生成すると、 arenaがあふれることになる。
その対策に用いるのが、表題のmrb_gc_arena_save()とmrb_gc_arena_restore( )
というふたつの関数である。
int mrb_gc_arena_save( mrb ) はGC arenaの現在のスタック位置を返し、 void mrb_gc_arena_restore( mrb , idx ) はarenaのスタック位置を保存された位置に戻す。
int arena_idx = mrb_gc_arena_save( mrb ) ; ...なんかオブジェクトを作る処理 ... mrb_gc_arena_restore(mrb , arena_idx ) ;
というような使い方をする。
もともとのC関数の実行は、このようにsave/restoreに囲まれているのだが、
一時的にオブジェクトを作り、その後は不要になる領域を 明示的にsave/restoreを囲むことにより、arena overflowを避けるわけだ。
とはいうものの、具体例を見ないとわからないケースもあるだろう。 ここでは、Array#inspectのソースを見てみよう。
static mrb_value inspect_ary ( mrb_state * mrb , mrb_value ary , mrb_value list ) { mrb_int i ; mrb_value s , arystr ; char head [ ] = { ' [ ' } ; char sep [ ] = { ' , ' , ' ' } ; char tail [ ] = { ' ] ' } ; /* check recursive */ for ( i=0 ; i< RARRAY_LEN ( list ) ; i++) { if ( mrb_obj_equal ( mrb , ary , RARRAY_PTR ( list ) [ i ] ) ) { return mrb_str_new ( mrb , " [... ] " , 5 ) ; } } mrb_ary_push ( mrb , list , ary ) ; arystr = mrb_str_buf_new(mrb , 64 ) ; mrb_str_buf_cat( mrb , arystr , head , sizeof ( head ) ) ; for ( i=0 ; i< RARRAY_LEN ( ary ) ; i++) { int ai = mrb_gc_arena_save ( mrb ) ; if ( i > 0 ) { mrb_str_buf_cat( mrb , arystr , sep , sizeof ( sep ) ) ; } if ( mrb_array_p ( RARRAY_PTR ( ary ) [ i ] ) ) { s = inspect_ary ( mrb , RARRAY_PTR ( ary ) [ i ] , list ) ; } else { s = mrb_inspect ( mrb , RARRAY_PTR ( ary ) [ i ] ) ; } mrb_str_buf_cat(mrb , arystr , RSTRING_PTR(s ) , RSTRING_LEN(s ) ) ; mrb_gc_arena_restore( mrb , ai ) ; } mrb_str_buf_cat ( mrb , arystr , tail , sizeof ( tail ) ) ; mrb_ary_pop ( mrb , list ) ; return arystr ; }
実際のコードをそのまま引用してきたので、若干複雑になっているが、
Array#inspectの処理の本質は、 配列の各要素をinspectメソッドを用いて文字列化した上で、 それらを結合して配列全体のinspect表現を作ることにある。
全体のinspect表現の文字列を作ってしまえば、 処理途中に生成した各要素の文字列はもはや不要になる。 ということは、GC arenaにこれらのオブジェクトを登録しておく必要もない、ということだ。
そこで、ary_inspect ( ) 関数では、
mrb_gc_arena_save ( ) でインデックスを保存
要素のinspect表現文字列を取得
生成中の配列inspect表現文字列に結合
mrb_gc_arena_restore ( ) でインデックスを復旧
という手順により、arena領域の消費を抑えている。
ここで注意すべき点は、最終結果となる配列inspect表現となる文字列は、 mrb_gc_arena_save ()の呼び出しよりも前に生成していることである。
こうしないと、必要なオブジェクトがGCで回収されてしまうことになる。
処理のパターンとしては、さまざまな一時オブジェクトを生成した上で、
そのうちの一部だけを参照し続けるというケースも考えられる。
このようなケースでは、ary_inspect()のように既存のオブジェクトに結合するような手は 使 えないので、mrb_gc_arena_restore( ) の呼び出しの後に mrb_gc_protect(mrb , obj) を呼び出して、そのオブジェクトをarenaに再登録する必要がある。 ただし、mrb_gc_protect ( ) は注意して用いないと、これ自身がarena overflow errorの原因になることがあるので 注意するように 。
などということを 、Twitterだけで説明するのは現実的じゃないよなあ。
追記
あ、そうそう 。
このmruby のAPIには、改善が必要だなと思ってる点があって、 その最大のものは、トップレベルでmrb_funcall( )を呼ぶと
GC arenaに戻り値が登録されるのでそのうちarena overflow errorになることだ 。
戻り値を使わないmrb_funcall( )のようなものを用意すればいいんだと思うんだけど。
いい名前が思いつかないんだよなあ。
Gefährliche Keime Neue Strategien gegen multiresistente Bakterien
Weil mancher Arzt zu leichtfertig Antibiotika verschreibt , werden Wundkeime immer resistenter gegen Wirkstoffe - und verursachen gefährliche Infektionen .
Doch es gibt vielversprechende neue Ansätze im Kampf gegen die heimtückischen Bakterien .
The Department of Defense budget request for 2007 includes about $ 30.1 billion in classified or “ black ” spending , according to a new analysis by the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments .
“ In real ( inflation - adjusted ) terms the $ 30.1 billion FY 2007 request includes more classified acquisition funding than any other defense budget since FY 1988 , near the end of the Cold War , when DoD received $ 19.7 billion ( $ 29.4 billion in FY 2007 dollars ) for these programs , ” wrote author Steven Kosiak .
See “ Classified Funding in the FY 2007 Budget Request ” ( pdf ) from the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments .
The study was reported in “ Classified military spending reaches highest level since Cold War ” by Drew Brown , Knight - Ridder Newspapers , May 19 .
Beer for life
Can drinking it slow the aging process ?
A new study in Austria says yes -- but that may not be enough to help large domestic brewers .
NEW YORK ( FORTUNE Magazine ) - With St. Patrick 's Day and March Madness soon upon us , Americans probably do n't need any more reasons to toss back a few beers .
But we 'll give you some anyway .
Researchers in Austria and the Czech Republic -- two nations that drink more than their fair share of suds -- have just released studies that suggest that beer is an anti-inflammatory and can slow the aging process .
Defending the party of Davos More Plugged
In     
In a study published in the March issue of International Immunopharmacology , scientists at Austria 's Innsbruck Medical University found that hops , a key ingredient in beer , affect the production of neopterin , a telltale sign of inflammation , and levels of the amino acid tryptophan ( low levels are associated with more inflammation . )
Like red wine and green tea , whose health benefits have been widely reported , beer was found to reduce neopterin production and suppress degradation of tryptophan , according to the study .
( Tryptophan is also commonly cited as the reason people feel tired after gorging on Thanksgiving turkey . )
" This suppression might be connected with the calming effect of beer , " the researchers note , " since its normalizing effect on the tryptophan balance improves the availability of the ' happiness hormone ' serotonin . "
And who would n't want happiness to be more available ?
The Austrians noted , of course , that their findings should not be construed as an encouragement to drink alcohol .
( Not that anyone would take it as such .
No sir . )
Over in the Czech Republic , doctors have found that moderate beer consumption slows aging and reduces the likelihood of heart attacks in men .
Beer not only increased levels of HDL or so - called " good cholesterol , " but also thwarted dangerous free radicals in the body that are believed to accelerate the progression of cardiovascular and age - related diseases .
We should note that the Czech study was paid for by a group of big Czech breweries .
We should also note that Czech doctors , in an earlier , separate study , once reported that two beers a day could fight impotence .
Craft beers keep bubbling
Meanwhile , the stagnant US beer industry received some good news as sales of craft beers like Sierra Nevada and Dogfish Head rose 9 percent in 2005 , outpacing the growth of wine , spirits and even imported beer , which grew 7.2 percent over the same period .
Industry experts cited better distribution networks and more sophisticated consumer tastes as reasons behind the sales surge .
" People are drinking less these days , but they are drinking better beers , " said Steve Hindy , founder and president of Brooklyn Brewery , which grew sales 18 percent last year to over 53,000 barrels .
The news was not so good for large domestic brewers like Anheuser - Busch ( Research ) and Molson Coors ( Research ) , however .
A new survey of beer wholesalers by Goldman Sachs found that the industry is unlikely to return to the growth rates it enjoyed between 1997 and 2004 , when profits rose between 5 percent and 10 percent annually .
Instead , Goldman forecasts profit growth of just 1 percent this year , although the wholesalers are optimistic that conditions should improve down the road .
Anheuser - Busch certainly hopes so : Its profits declined 18 percent last year on flat sales .
" We remain concerned about [ the company 's ] ability to successfully grow volumes and improve pricing , " wrote analyst Judy Hong in a March 13 report .
( Hong has an " underperform " rating on Anheuser - Busch . )
The wholesalers were more enthusiastic about beer companies ' latest efforts to fend off wine and spirits , which have been successful at wooing younger drinkers over the past few years .
Co-sponsored by the Beer Institute , the campaign included humorous Super Bowl ads and a Web site entitled " Here 's to Beer " that plays up beer 's heritage as a social drink .
The site even has recipes for beer cocktails or " beertails , " like the Michelada ( beer , two dashes of Worcestershire sauce , a dash of soy sauce , Tabasco , black pepper and lemon ) .
No offense , but come St. Patrick 's Day , we 'll stick with a good old pint of Guinness .
Last updated at 11:16 14 September 2006
A tearful Gordon Brown has spoken at length for the first time about the death of his baby daughter four years ago .
The notoriously private Chancellor described how his first child Jennifer Jane died at ten days old from a brain haemorrhage .
The interview with Sky News shows Mr Brown has accepted that to be voted as prime minister he must open up more to the British public .
Brown : Blair is my best friend
The Chancellor , with tears welling in his eyes , said : " There is nothing worse than having a young , precious baby taken from you .
" You never come to terms with it .
You always know that there 's something missing .
Two weeks ago she would have been going to school for the first time .
" She was unblemished by the illness that she had .
She just looked beautiful "
Mr Brown 's voice faltered during the interview when anchorwoman Kay Burley when she asked how he would remember Jennifer .
He said : " It 's very tough for any parents faced with a loss that you never expect , that 's so surprising , that you have to come to terms with . "
Mr Brown said he and wife Sarah had tried to work in Jennifer 's memory to help make life better for others " so some good can come out of the tragedy " .
He said : " We wanted to do something to make things better for other parents who faced the same tragedy that we faced .
" It 's sometimes difficult to come to terms with it .
And you have got , I think , to try and do something . "
Mr Brown 's emotional words come as the Labour party faces a leadership contest in which he is the frontrunner .
The Chancellor also issued a gushing - and somewhat unconvincing - tribute to the Prime Minister , claiming he was " his best friend " .
He said Tony Blair had acted with " a tremendous amount of ability , skill , acumen and sensitivity to what the British people want .
" Over the 23 years I have known him , this has been one of the strongest political relationships in history .
" Tony is my friend .
He will always be my friend .
And you build friendships but friendships have ups and downs as well .
" No chancellor has served nine years and no prime minister has had the same chancellor for nine years .
" You are bound to go through ups and downs .
But the question at the end of the day is , overall , what were the results of what happened ? "
Mr Brown also spoke about his leadership ambitions - and revealed that he expects Mr Blair to step down as an MP at the next election .
He said : " Really the difference between myself and Tony Blair is only this one thing , that Tony has said he wants not to stand at the next election and , therefore , feels that he wishes to do other things .
" I have decided that I want to stand at the next general election because I feel I can do something over the next few years to meet the challenges to the country . "
Mr Brown admitted he had made mistakes as Chancellor , including that he may have been too cautious about spending in Labour 's first years in power .
" Perhaps I was too hard .
Perhaps that time when the pension did not rise fast enough , " he said , referring to his decision to let the state basic pension rise by just 75 p .
Twice he did not deny that he had struck a deal on the party leadership with Mr Blair at Granita restaurant in Islington in 1994 .
" I do n't think deals are anything that matter in politics , " he said .
But he insisted there would be no deals over when Mr Blair now decides to stand down from office .
Mr Brown has won the backing of former US President Bill Clinton , who is to address Labour 's conference next month .
Meanwhile , the battle for Labour 's deputy leadership hotted up when it emerged Jack Straw would launch his own bid at the weekend .
Mr Straw has condemned the " blood letting " of the past week .
In a separate move , Health Secretary Patricia Hewitt called for the general public to have a say in who should be Labour 's next leader .
Sept. 18 , 2006 -- --
Most people know what cocaine is , and now Redux Beverages in Las Vegas is offering what it calls a " legal alternative " to the illegal drug in form of an energy drink .
Jamey Kirby , the drink 's inventor , says the name for the drink -- Cocaine -- came to him during a brainstorming session at 1 o'clock in the morning .
" It 's an energy drink , and it 's a fun name , " says Kirby .
" As soon as people look at the can , they smile . "
Kirby says Redux wanted to make a beverage that would send a sensation to the mouth .
He describes Cocaine , the new beverage , as a " fruity , atomic fireball " drink .
Real Cocaine ?
The 8.4 fluid ounce energy booster has no actual cocaine in it , but it does contain 280 milligrams of caffeine .
According to the company 's Web site , the only way to get more caffeine per ounce is with an espresso .
" It 's just a bad idea and has all the same downsides of too much caffeine plus a very bad name , " says Dr. Charles O'Brien a professor and vice chairman of psychiatry at the University of Pennsylvania .
The beverage is marketed to give a person a " high " coupled with a tingly euphoric feeling within five minutes of drinking it .
That initial boost is followed 15 minutes later by an energy buzz that will last five to six hours , according to the company .
Kirby claims Cocaine is " 350 percent stronger than Red Bull " but that people do not experience the " sugar crash " or jitters that he says some of the other energy drinks can produce .
The Secret Formula ?
Kirby confesses that a " throat - numbing " ingredient is added to the drink to emulate its namesake , but he wo n't divulge the identity of that add - in , saying it 's confidential .
" We 're getting a phenomenal response , " says Kirby , crediting the can 's simple design and product promotion for the drink 's early success among consumers from high school kids to 30 - year - olds .
The company is n't hiding from mixing Cocaine with alcohol .
On the drink 's Web site , www.DrinkCocaine.com, it posts a variety of alcohol and Cocaine combinations .
Kirby , who says the world is ready for a beverage named after an illegal drug , has been surprised by the lack of controversy over the name of the drink .
" We 've been shocked by its acceptance , " he says .
" We thought it would be a hard sell . "
So far , the drink can be found only in bars and convenience stores in the Los Angeles and New York metropolitan areas .
It is expected to debut in San Diego this week .
Kirby says the company is already getting inquiries about selling the product in England , Italy , Australia , South America and Central America .
Some disasters attributable to bad numerical computing
Have you been paying attention in your numerical analysis or scientific computation courses ?
If not , it could be a costly mistake .
Here are some real life examples of what can happen when numerical algorithms are not correctly applied .
The Patriot Missile failure , in Dharan , Saudi Arabia , on February 25 , 1991 which resulted in 28 deaths , is ultimately attributable to poor handling of rounding errors .
The explosion of the Ariane 5 rocket just after lift - off on its maiden voyage off French Guiana , on June 4 , 1996 , was ultimately the consequence of a simple overflow .
The sinking of the Sleipner A offshore platform in Gandsfjorden near Stavanger , Norway , on August 23 , 1991 , resulted in a loss of nearly one billion dollars .
It was found to be the result of inaccurate finite element analysis .
Last modified August 26 , 1998 by Douglas N. Arnold
Once upon a time , I was invited to speak at an analogy workshop in the legendary city of Sofia in the far - off land of Bulgaria .
Having accepted but wavering as to what to say , I finally chose to eschew technicalities and instead to convey a personal perspective on the importance and centrality of analogy - making in cognition .
One way I could suggest this perspective is to rechant a refrain that I ’ve chanted quite oft in the past , to wit :
One should not think of analogy - making as a special variety of reasoning ( as in the dull and uninspiring phrase “ analogical reasoning and problem - solving , ” a long - standing cliché in the cognitive - science world ) , for that is to do analogy a terrible disservice .
After all , reasoning and problem - solving have ( at least I dearly hope ! ) been at long last recognized as lying far indeed from the core of human thought .
If analogy were merely a special variety of something that in itself lies way out on the peripheries , then it would be but an itty - bitty blip in the broad blue sky of cognition .
To me , however , analogy is anything but a bitty blip — rather , it ’s the very blue that fills the whole sky of cognition — analogy is everything , or very nearly so , in my view .
End of oft - chanted refrain .
If you do n’t like it , you wo n’t like what follows .
The thrust of my chapter is to persuade readers of this unorthodox viewpoint , or failing that , at least to give them a strong whiff of it .
In that sense , then , my article shares with Richard Dawkins ’s eye - opening book The Selfish Gene ( Dawkins 1976 ) the quality of trying to make a scientific contribution mostly by suggesting to readers a shift of viewpoint — a new take on familiar phenomena .
For Dawkins , the shift was to turn causality on its head , so that the old quip “ a chicken is an egg ’s way of making another egg ” might be taken not as a joke but quite seriously .
In my case , the shift is to suggest that every concept we have is essentially nothing but a tightly packaged bundle of analogies , and to suggest that all we do when we think is to move fluidly from concept to concept — in other words , to leap from one analogy - bundle to another — and to suggest , lastly , that such concept - to - concept leaps are themselves made via analogical connection , to boot .
This viewpoint may be overly ambitious , and may even — horrors ! -- be somewhat wrong , but I have observed that many good ideas start out by claiming too much territory for themselves , and eventually , when they have received their fair share of attention and respect , the air clears and it emerges that , though still grand , they are not quite so grand and all - encompassing as their proponents first thought .
But that ’s all right .
As for me , I just hope that my view finds a few sympathetic readers .
That would be a fine start .
Two Riddles
We begin with a couple of simple queries about familiar phenomena : “ Why do babies not remember events that happen to them ? ” and “ Why does each new year seem to pass faster than the one before ? ” I would n’t swear that I have the final answer to either one of these queries , but I do have a hunch , and I will here speculate on the basis of that hunch .
And thus : the answer to both is basically the same , I would argue , and it has to do with the relentless , lifelong process of chunking — taking “ small ” concepts and putting them together into bigger and bigger ones , thus recursively building up a giant repertoire of concepts in the mind .
How , then , might chunking provide the clue to these riddles ?
Well , babies ’ concepts are simply too small .
They have no way of framing entire events whatsoever in terms of their novice concepts .
It is as if babies were looking at life through a randomly drifting keyhole , and at each moment could make out only the most local aspects of scenes before them .
It would be hopeless to try to figure out how a whole room is organized , for instance , given just a keyhole view , even a randomly drifting keyhole view .
Or , to trot out another analogy , life is like a chess game , and babies are like beginners looking at a complex scene on a board , not having the faintest idea how to organize it into higher - level structures .
As has been well known for decades , experienced chess players chunk the setup of pieces on the board nearly instantaneously into small dynamic groupings defined by their strategic meanings , and thanks to this automatic , intuitive chunking , they can make good moves nearly instantaneously and also can remember complex chess situations for very long times .
Much the same holds for bridge players , who effortlessly remember every bid and every play in a game , and months later can still recite entire games at the drop of a hat .
All of this is due to chunking , and I speculate that babies are to life as novice players are to the games they are learning — they simply lack the experience that allows understanding ( or even perceiving ) of large structures , and so nothing above a rather low level of abstraction gets perceived at all , let alone remembered in later years .
As one grows older , however , one ’s chunks grow in size and in number , and consequently one automatically starts to perceive and to frame ever larger events and constellations of events ; by the time one is nearing one ’s teen years , complex fragments from life ’s stream are routinely stored as high - level wholes — and chunks just keep on accreting and becoming more numerous as one lives .
Events that a baby or young child could not have possibly perceived as such — events that stretch out over many minutes , hours , days , or even weeks — are effortlessly perceived and stored away as single structures with much internal detail ( varying amounts of which can be pulled up and contemplated in retrospect , depending on context ) .
Babies do not have large chunks and simply cannot put things together coherently .
Claims by some people that they remember complex events from when they were but a few months old ( some even claim to remember being born ! ) strike me as nothing more than highly deluded wishful thinking .
So much for question number one .
As for number two , the answer , or so I would claim , is very similar .
The more we live , the larger our repertoire of concepts becomes , which allows us to gobble up ever larger coherent stretches of life in single mental chunks .
As we start seeing life ’s patterns on higher and higher levels , the lower levels nearly vanish from our perception .
This effectively means that seconds , once so salient to our baby selves , nearly vanish from sight , and then minutes go the way of seconds , and soon so do hours , and then days , and then weeks ...
“ Boy , this year sure went by fast ! ” is so tempting to say because each year is perceived in terms of chunks at a higher , grander , larger level than any year preceding it , and therefore each passing year contains fewer top - level chunks than any year preceding it , and so , psychologically , each year seems sparser than any of its predecessors .
One might , somewhat facetiously , symbolize the ever - rapider passage of time by citing the famous harmonic series : 1 + 1/2 + 1/3 + 1/4 + 1/5 + 1/6 + 1/7 + 1/8 +... by which I mean to suggest that one ’s nth year feels subjectively n times as short as one ’s first year , or n/5 times as short as one ’s fifth year , and so on .
Thus when one is an adult , the years seem to go by about at roughly a constant rate , because — for instance — ( 1/35 ) / ( 1/36 ) is very nearly 1 .
Nonetheless , according to this theory , year 70 would still shoot by twice as fast as year 35 did , and seven times as fast as year 10 did .
But the exact numerical values shown above are not what matter ; I just put them in for entertainment value .
The more central and more serious idea is simply that relentless mental chunking makes life seem to pass ever faster as one ages , and there is nothing one can do about it .
So much for our two riddles .
Analogy , Abstract Categories , and High - level Perception Before I go any further , I would like to relate all this to analogy , for to some the connection may seem tenuous , if not nonexistent .
And yet to me , by contrast , analogy does not just lurk darkly here , but is right up there , front and center .
I begin with the mundane observation that vision takes an input of millions of retinal dots and gives an output of concepts — often words or phrases , such as “ duck , ” “ Victorian house , ” “ funky chair , ” “ Joyce Carol Oates hairdo , ” or “ looks sort of like President Eisenhower . ”
The ( visual ) perceptual process , in other words , can be thought of as the triggering of mental categories — often standard lexical items — by scenes .
Of course , high - level perception can take place through other sensory modalities : we can hear a low rumbling noise and say “ helicopter , ” can sniff something and remark “ doctor ’s office , ” can taste something and find the words “ okra curry ” jumping to our tongue , and so on .
In fact , I should stress that the upper echelons of high - level perception totally transcend the normal flavor of the word “ perception , ” for at the highest levels , input modality plays essentially no role .
Let me explain .
Suppose I read a newspaper article about the violent expulsion of one group of people by another group from some geographical region , and the phrase “ ethnic cleansing , ” nowhere present in the article , pops into my head .
What has happened here is a quintessential example of high - level perception — but what was the input medium ?
Someone might say it was vision , since I used my eyes to read the newspaper .
But really , was I perceiving ethnic cleansing visually ?
Hardly .
Indeed , I might have heard the newspaper article read aloud to me and had the same exact thought pop to mind .
Would that mean that I had aurally perceived ethnic cleansing ?
Or else I might be blind and have read the article in Braille — in other words , with my fingertips , not my eyes or ears .
Would that mean that I had tactilely perceived ethnic cleansing ?
The suggestion is absurd .
The sensory input modality of a complex story is totally irrelevant ; all that matters is how it jointly activates a host of interrelated concepts , in such a way that further concepts ( e.g. , “ ethnic cleansing ” ) are automatically accessed and brought up to center stage .
Thus “ high - level perception ” is a kind of misnomer when it reaches the most abstract levels , but I do n’t know what else to call it , because I see no sharp line separating it from cases of recognizing “ French impressionism ” in a piece of music heard on the radio or thinking “ Art Deco ” when looking at a typeface in an advertisement .
The triggering of prior mental categories by some kind of input — whether sensory or more abstract — is , I insist , an act of analogy - making .
Why is this ?
Because whenever a set of incoming stimuli activates one or more mental categories , some amount of slippage must occur ( no instance of a category ever being precisely identical to a prior instance ) .
Categories are quintessentially fluid entities ; they adapt to a set of incoming stimuli and try to align themselves with it .
The process of inexact matching between prior categories and new things being perceived ( whether those “ things ” are physical objects or bite - size events or grand sagas ) is analogy - making par excellence .
How could anyone deny this ?
After all , it is the mental mapping onto each other of two entities — one old and sound asleep in the recesses of long - term memory , the other new and gaily dancing on the mind ’s center stage — that in fact differ from each other in a myriad of ways .
The Mental Lexicon : A Vast Storehouse of Triggerable Analogies
We humans begin life as rather austere analogy - makers — our set of categories is terribly sparse , and each category itself is hardly well - honed .
Categories grow sharper and sharper and ever more flexible and subtle as we age , and of course fantastically more numerous .
Many of our categories , though by no means all , are named by words or standard phrases shared with other people , and for the time being I will concentrate on those categories — categories that are named by so - called lexical items .
The public labels of such categories — the lexical items themselves — come in many grades , ranging more or less as follows :
Simple words : chair , clock , cork , cannon , crash , clown , clue , cloak , climber ...
chair , clock , cork , cannon , crash , clown , clue , cloak , climber ...
Compound words : armchair , alarm clock , corkscrew , cannonball , skyscraper , station wagon , sexpot , salad dressing , school bus , jukebox , picket line , horror movie , wheeler - dealer ...
armchair , alarm clock , corkscrew , cannonball , skyscraper , station wagon , sexpot , salad dressing , school bus , jukebox , picket line , horror movie , wheeler - dealer ...
Short phrases : musical chairs , out of order , Christmas tree ornament , nonprofit organization , business hours , foregone conclusion , rush - hour traffic , country - Western music , welcome home , tell me about it , give me a break , and his lovely wife , second rate , swallow your pride ...
musical chairs , out of order , Christmas tree ornament , nonprofit organization , business hours , foregone conclusion , rush - hour traffic , country - Western music , welcome home , tell me about it , give me a break , and his lovely wife , second rate , swallow your pride ...
Longer phrases : stranded on a desert island ; damned if you do , damned if you do n’t ; praise the Lord and pass the ammunition ; not in the foreseeable future ; to the best of my knowledge ; and they lived happily ever after ; if it were up to me ; have n’t seen her since she was knee - high to a grasshopper ; you could have knocked me over with a feather ; thank you for not smoking ; handed to him on a silver platter ...
Such lists go on and on virtually forever , and yet the amazing fact is that few people have any inkling of the vastness of their mental lexicons ( I owe a major debt here to Joe Becker — see Becker 1975 ) .
To be sure , most adults use their vast mental lexicons with great virtuosity , but they have stunningly little explicit awareness of what they are doing .
It was Roger Schank , I believe , who pointed out that we often use proverbs as what I would call “ situation labels , ” by which I mean that when we perceive a situation , what often springs to mind , totally unbidden , is some proverb tucked away in our unconscious , and if we are talking to someone , we will quote that proverb , and our listener will in all likelihood understand very clearly how the proverb “ fits ” the situation - in other words , will effortlessly make the mapping ( the analogy , to stress what it is that we are talking about here ) between the phrase ’s meaning and the situation .
Thus the following kinds of phrases can easily be used as situation labels :
That ’s the pot calling the kettle black if I ever saw it !
It just went in one ear and out the other ...
Speak of the devil !
When the cat ’s away the mice will play !
The Common Core behind a Lexical Item I now make an observation that , though banal and obvious , needs to be made explicitly nonetheless — namely , things “ out there ” ( objects , situations , whatever ) that are labeled by the same lexical item have something , some core , in common ; also , whatever it is that those things “ out there ” share is shared with the abstract mental structure that lurks behind the label used for them .
Getting to the core of things is , after all , what categories are for .
In fact , I would go somewhat further and claim that getting to the core of things is what thinking itself is for - thus once again placing high - level perception front and center in the definition of cognition .
The noun “ shadow ” offers a good example of the complexity and subtlety of structure that lurks behind not just some lexical items , but behind every single one .
Note , first of all , the subtle difference between “ shadow ” and “ shade ” : we do not speak of cattle seeking shadow on a hot day , but shade .
Many languages do not make this distinction , and thus they offer their native speakers a set of categories that is tuned slightly differently .
In many parts of the world , there are arid zones that lie just to the east of mountain ranges ( e.g. , the desert in Oregon just to the east of the Cascade mountains ) ; these regions are standardly referred to as the mountain chain ’s “ rain shadow . ”
What does one call the roughly circular patch of green seen underneath a tree after a snowfall ?
It could clearly be called a “ snow shadow ” — the region where snow failed to fall , having been blocked by an object .
A young woman who aspires to join her high - school swimming team , but whose mother was an Olympic swimmer , can be said to be “ in the shadow of her mother . ”
In fact , if she joins the team and competes , she might even be said to be “ swimming in the shadow of her mother . ”
And if she performs less well than her mother did , she will be said to be “ overshadowed ” by her mother .
One might say about a man who has had a bout with cancer but has recovered and is now feeling more secure about his health , “ He is finally feeling more or less out of the shadow of his cancer . ”
Along similar lines , many countries in Europe have recovered , to a large extent , from the ravages of World War II , but some might still be said to lie “ in the shadow of World War II . ”
Another type of shadow cast by World War II ( or by any war ) lies in the skewed population distribution of any decimated group ; that is , one imagines the human population as constituting a kind of flow of myriad tiny entities ( individual people ) down through the years ( like that of photons or snowflakes through space ) , but long after the war ’s end , there are certain “ regions ” of humanity ( e.g. , certain ethnic groups ) where the flow of births has been greatly reduced , much as if by an “ obstacle ” ( namely , the millions of deaths in prior generations , whose effect continues to reverberate for many decades before gradually fading away , as a group ’s population replenishes itself ) .
There is of course no sharp line between cases where a word like “ shadow ” is used conventionally and cases where it is used in a novel manner ; although “ rain shadow ” is something of a standard phrase , “ snow shadow ” ( even though it is far easier to see ) is less common .
And notions like that of “ population shadow ” mentioned at the end are probably novel to most readers of this article , even though a closely related notion like “ in the shadow of the war ” is probably not new .
In short , the domain of the word “ shadow ” is a blurry region in semantic space , as is any human category , and — here I hark back to my initial refrain — that blur is due to the subtleties of mapping situations onto other situations - due , in other words , to the human facility of making analogies .
The point is , a concept is a package of analogies .
Complex Lexical Items as Names of Complex Categories
Over the next few pages I will present a potpourri of mental categories ( via proxies — namely , their English - language lexical - item representations ) ; I invite you to think , as you consider each item , just what it is that very different exemplars of the category in question tend to have in common .
Thus : dog
backlog
probably
probab - lee !
I interrupt the list momentarily to comment on the last two entries , which of course are not nouns .
( Who says nouns are the only mental categories ?
Obviously , verbs represent categories as well - but the same holds true , no less , for adjectives , adverbs , and so forth . )
Some situations call forth the word “ probably ” ; most do not .
To some situations , the concept behind the word “ probably ” simply fits , while to most , it does not fit .
We learn how to use the word “ probably ” over the course of years in childhood , until it becomes so ingrained that it never crosses our mind that “ probably ” is the name that English speakers give to a certain category of situations ; it simply is evoked effortlessly and rapidly by those situations , and it is uttered without any conscious thought as to how it applies .
It just “ seems right ” or “ sounds right . ”
What , then , about the word below it : “ probab - lee ” ?
This , too , is a lexical item in the minds of most native speakers of contemporary American English — perhaps not often used , perhaps more commonly heard than uttered by readers of this article , but nonetheless , we native speakers of American English all relate to hearing the word “ probably ” accented on its final rather than its initial syllable , and we all somehow realize the connotations hidden therein , though they may be terribly hard to articulate .
I wo n’t try to articulate them myself , but I would merely point out that this phonetic variant of the word “ probably ” fits only certain situations and not others ( where the “ situation ” includes , needless to say , not just what is being talked about but also the mood of the speaker , and the speaker ’s assessment of the mood of the listener as well ) .
Example : “ Are our stupid leaders ever going to learn their lesson ? ” “ Who knows ?
Maybe they ’re doomed to keep on repeating the mistakes of the past . ”
“ Mmm ... Probab - lee ... ”
My point , with all the phrases cited above , is to bring to your conscious awareness the fact that there are certain situations that one could call “ probab - lee ! situations ” no less than there are certain situations that are “ musical - chairs situations ” or “ speak - of - the - devil situations . ”
In short , lexical items can be very abstract categories evoked by special classes of situations and not by others .
This applies to adjective , adverbs , prepositions , interjections , short and long phrases , and so on .
Thus let me continue my list .
Come on !
Go for it !
It ’s about time !
Well , excuuuuuuuuuuse me !
Let ’s not stand on ceremony !
without batting an eyelash
ai n’t Lest the lowest item above seem puzzling , let me point out that the notorious contraction “ ain ’t , ” although it is in a certain sense ungrammatical and improper , is nonetheless used very precisely , like pinpoint bombing , by politicians , reporters , university presidents , and the like , who carefully and deliberately insert it into their speech at well - timed moments when they know their audience almost expects it - it fits the context perfectly .
For example , a general trying to justify a bombing raid might say , in describing the series of deadly skirmishes that provoked it , “ I ’m sorry , but a Sunday picnic it just ai n’t . ”
This is just one of many types of “ ain ’t ” situations .
We native speakers know them when we hear them , and we likewise have a keen ear for improper uses of the word “ ain ’t ” by educated people , even if we ain’t capable of putting our finger on what makes them inappropriate .
( Curiously enough , shortly after drafting this paragraph , I came across an article in the New York Times about the failure of a test missile to hit its target , and a perfectly straight photo caption started out , “ Two out of four goals ai n’t bad ... ”
As I said above , even the most highly placed sources will use this “ ungrammatical ” word without batting an eyelash . )
“ Suggestions ” Imparted on the Soccer Field As a nonnative speaker of Italian watching the 1998 Soccer World Cup on Italian television , I was struck by the repeated occurrence of a certain term in the rapid - fire speech of all the commentators : the word suggerimento ( literally , “ suggestion ” ) .
They kept on describing players as having given suggerimenti to other players .
It was clear from the start that a suggerimento was not a verbal piece of advice ( a suggestion in the most literal sense ) , but rather some kind of pass from one player to another as they advanced downfield .
But what kind of pass was it exactly ?
By no means were all passes called suggerimenti ; this term was dearly reserved for events that seemed to have some kind of scoring potential to them , as if one player was wordlessly saying to another , “ Here now — take this and go for it ! ”
But how does a sports announcer unconsciously and effortlessly distinguish this kind of pass from other passes that in many ways look terribly similar ?
When is this kind of nonverbal “ suggestion ” being given by one player to another ?
I sensed that this must be a subtle judgment call , that there ’s no black - and - white line separating suggerimenti from mere passaggi , but that nonetheless there is a kind of core to the concept of suggerimento that all Italian announcers and keen Italian observers of soccer would agree on , and that there are fringes of the category , where some people might feel the word applied and others would not .
Such blurriness is the case , of course , with every mental category , ranging from “ chair ” to “ wheeler - dealer ” to “ pot calling the kettle black , ” but since suggerimento was not in my native language and thus I had been forced to grapple with it explicitly and consciously , it was an excellent example of the view of lexical items that I am herein trying to impart to my readers .
Polysemy and the Nonspherical Shapes of Concepts
It would be naive to imagine that each lexical item defines a perfectly “ spherical ” region in conceptual space , as pristine as an atomic nucleus surrounded by a spherical electron cloud whose density gradually attenuates with increasing distance from the core .
Although the single - nucleus spherical - cloud image has some truth to it , a more accurate image of what lies behind a typical lexical item might be that of a molecule with two , three , or more nuclei that share an irregularly shaped electron cloud . .
Suggerimento provides a perfect example of such a molecule , with one of its constituent atoms being the notion of a verbal piece of advice , another the notion of prompting on a theater stage , yet a third being the notion of a certain type of downfield soccer pass , and so forth .
There is something in common , of course , that these all share , but they are nonetheless distinguishable regions in conceptual space .
Often native speakers of a language have a hard time realizing that two notions labeled identically in their language are seen as highly distinct concepts by speakers of other languages .
Thus , native speakers of English feel the verb “ to know ” as a monolithic concept , and are sometimes surprised to find out that in other languages , one verb is used for knowing facts , a different verb for knowing people , and there may even be a third verb for knowing how to do things .
When they are first told this , they are able to see the distinction , although it may seem highly finicky and pointless ; with practice , however , they build up more refined categories until a moment may come when what once seemed an unnatural and gratuitous division of mental space now seems to offer a useful contrast between rather distinct notions .
And conversely , speakers of a language where all three of these notions are represented by distinct lexical items may find it revelatory , fascinating , and perhaps even elegant to see how they are all subsumed under one umbrella - word in English .
My main point in bringing this up is simply to make explicit the fact that words and concepts are far from being regularly shaped convex regions in mental space ; polysemy ( the possession of multiple meanings ) and metaphor make the regions complex and idiosyncratic .
The simplest concepts are like isolated islands in a sea ; the next - simplest are like pairs of islands joined by a narrow isthmus ; then there are trios with two or three isthmuses having various widths ; and so on .
Caveat :
When I say “ simplest concepts , ” I do not mean those concepts that we pick up earliest in life , but in fact quite the contrary .
After all , the majority of concepts planted in earliest childhood grow and grow over a lifetime and turn into the most frequently encountered concepts , whose elaborate ramifications and tendrils constitute the highest degree of twistiness !
What I mean by “ simplest concept ” is merely “ concept with maximally simple shape ” ; such a “ simple ” concept would most likely owe its simplicity precisely to its low frequency , and thus would seem like a sophisticated adult concept , such as “ photosynthesis ” or “ hyperbola . ”
Conceptual Families and Lexical Rivalry Walking down the corridors of a building in Italy in which I have worked over several summers , I have been faced innumerable times with an interesting problem in high - level perception that has to be solved in real time — in a couple of seconds at most , usually .
That is , how do I greet each person who I recognize as we approach each other in the hall , and then pass ?
Here are five sample levels of greeting ( there are dozens more , needless to say ) : Buon giorno !
( “ Hello ! ” or perhaps “ Morning . ” )
( “ Hello ! ” or perhaps “ Morning . ” )
Salve !
( “ Howdy ! ” or perhaps “ How are you . ” )
( “ Howdy ! ” or perhaps “ How are you . ” )
Buondì !
( Perhaps “ Top o’ the mornin ’ ! ” or “ How ya doin ’ ? ” )
( Perhaps “ Top o’ the mornin ’ ! ” or “ How ya doin ’ ? ” )
Ciao ! ( “ Hi ! ” or “ Hi there ! ” )
( “ Hi ! ” or “ Hi there ! ” )
Come stai ?
( “ How are you doing ? ” or perhaps “ What ’s up ? ” )
Each of them conveys a particular level of mutual acquaintance and a particular position along the formality / informality spectrum .
And of course it frequently happens that I recognize someone but ca n’t even remember how often I ’ve met them before ( let alone remember what their name is or what their role is ) , and so I have to make a decision that somehow will allow me to cover at least two different levels of friendliness ( since I ’m really not sure how friendly we are ! ) .
The choice is incredibly subtle and depends on dozens if not hundreds of variables , all unconsciously felt and all slightly contributing to a “ vote ” among my neurons , which then allow just one of these terms ( or some other term ) to come bubbling up out of my dormant Italian mental lexicon .
Consider the following spectrum of phrases all having in a certain sense “ the same meaning , ” but ranging from very vulgar to somewhat incensed to quite restrained to utterly bland :
He did n’t give a flying f*** .
He did n’t give a good God damn .
He did n’t give a tinker ’s damn .
He did n’t give a damn .
He did n’t give a darn .
He did n’t give a hoot .
He did n’t care at all .
He did n’t mind .
He was indifferent .
For many native speakers , there are situations that correspond to each of these levels of intensity .
To be sure , some speakers might be loath to utter certain of these phrases , but true native - level mastery nonetheless entails a keen awareness of when each of them might be called for in , say , a movie , or simply coming out of the mouth of someone else .
After all , a large part of native mastery of a language is deeply knowing how other people use the language , regardless of whether one oneself uses certain phrases .
And thus , to reiterate our theme , there are “ He - did n ’ t - give - a - good - God - damn situations ” and there are situations of a very different sort , which could be called “ He - did n ’t - care - at - all situations , ” and so forth .
Each of the above expressions , then , can be thought of as the name of a particular type of situation , but since these categories are much closer to each other than just randomly chosen categories , they constitute potential rivalries that may take place during the ultra - fast high - level perceptual act that underlies speech .
Lexical Blends as a Window onto the Mind Lexical blends , which are astonishingly common though very seldom noticed by speakers or by listeners , reveal precisely this type of unconscious competition among close relatives in the mental lexicon .
A lexical blend occurs when a situation evokes two or more lexical items at once and fragments of the various evoked competitors wind up getting magically , sometimes seamlessly , spliced together into the vocalized output stream ( see , for example , Hofstadter and Moser 1989 ) .
Occasionally the speaker catches such an error on its way out and corrects it , though just as often it goes totally unheard by all parties .
Thus people make blends of the following sorts : Word - level blends : mop/broom => brop
Phrase - level blends : easygoing / happy - go- lucky => easy - go - lucky
Sentence - level blends :
We ’ll leave no stone unturned / We ’ll pull out all the stops =>
We ’ll pull no stops unturned .
Blends reveal how much goes on beneath the surface as our brains try to figure out how to label simpler and more complex situations .
In a way , what is amazing is that blends are not more common .
Somehow , through some kind of cerebral magic , speakers light most of the time upon just one lexical label despite the existence of many potential ones , rather than coming out with a mishmosh of several — much as when a good pianist plays the piano , it is very seldom that two keys are struck at once , even though it might seem , a priori , that striking two neighboring keys at once ought to happen very often .
A Lexical Item as One Side of a Perceptual Analogy
At the risk of boring some readers , I shall now continue with my rather arbitrary sampler of lexical items , just to drive the point home that every lexical item that we possess is a mental category , and hence , restating what I earlier claimed , every lexical item , when used in speech ( whether received or transmitted ) , constitutes one side of an analogy being made in real time in the speaker ’s / listener ’s mind .
I thus urge readers to try on for size the mindset that equates a lexical item with the “ name ” of a certain blurry set of situations centered on some core .
Though this sounds quite orthodox for nouns , it is less so for verbs , and when applied to many of the following linguistic expressions , it is highly unorthodox : slippery slope
safety net
shades of ...
Been there , done that .
Forget it !
It was touch - and - go .
take a turn for the worse
Be my guest !
Make my day !
Fancy that !
Put your money where your mouth is !
I mean , ...
Well , ...
Do n’t tell me that ...
It ’s fine to [ do X ] and all , but ...
kind of [+ adj . ]
when it comes to the crunch ...
You ca n’t have it both ways !
... that ’s for sure !
the flip side [ of the coin ] is ...
You had to be there .
It ’s high time that ...
Whatever !
Consider the teenager ’s favorite rejoinder , “ Whatever ! ”
If one were to try to capture its meaning — its range of applicability — one might paraphrase it somewhat along these lines :
“ You think such and so , and I disagree , but let ’s just agree to disagree and move on ... ”
It takes a good number of years before one has acquired the various pieces of cognitive equipment that underpin the proper usage of such a phrase ( which again ties in with the fact that one cannot remember events from one ’s babyhood ) .
High - Level Mental Chunks That Lack Labels
Although long stock phrases like “ Put your money where your mouth is ! ” might seem to stretch the notion of mental chunking to the limit , that ’s hardly the case .
Indeed , such phrases lie closer to the beginning than to the end of the story , for each one of use also remembers many thousands of events in our personal lives that are so large and so idiosyncratic that no one has ever given them a name and no one ever will , and yet they nonetheless are sharp memories and are revealed for the mental categories they are by the fact that they are summoned up cleanly and clearly by certain situations that take place later , often many years later .
Thus take this one sample mental chunk , from my own personal usually dormant repertoire : that time I spent an hour or two hoping that my old friend Robert , who I had n’t seen in two years but who was supposed to arrive from Germany by train sometime during that summer day in the little Danish fishing village of Frederikssund ( which in a series of letters he and I had mutually picked out on maps , and in which I had just arrived early that morning after driving all night from Stockholm ) , might spot me as I lurked way out at the furthest tip of the very long pier , rather than merely bumping into me at random as we both walked around exploring the stores and streets and parks of this unknown hamlet
As its length suggests , this is a very detailed personal memory from many years ago ( and indeed , I have merely sketched it for readers here I could write pages about it ) , and might at first seem to be nothing at all like a mental category .
And yet , how else can one explain the fact that the image of myself standing at pier ’s end tingling with unrealistic hope jumped instantly to mind some fifteen years later as I was idly seeking to rearrange the eight letters in the last name of Janet Kolodner , a new acquaintance , in such a way that they would spell a genuine English word ?
Without success , I had tried dozens of fairly “ obvious ” pathways , such as “ rendlook , ” “ leodronk , ” and “ ondorkle , ” when out of the blue it occurred to me that the initial consonant cluster “ kn ” , with its cleverly silent “ k , ” might be the key to success , and I started excitedly trying this “ brilliant idea . ”
However , after exploring this strategy for a while , I realized , to my chagrin , that no matter how lovely it would be if the silent “ k ” were to yield a solution , the probabilities for such a clever coup were rapidly diminishing .
And at the precise instant that this realization hit , the Frederikssund - pier image came swooshing up out of memory , an image to which I had devoted not even a split second of thought for many years .
There was , of course , a perfectly logical reason behind this sudden resurfacing — namely , a strong and rich analogy in which the mundane idea of merely walking around the fishing village mapped onto the mundane exploration of “ rendlook ” and cousins , in which the “ romantic ” idea of lingering way out at the tip of the pier mapped onto the “ romantic ” hope for an anagram beginning with the tricky “ kn ” cluster , and in which the growing recognition of the likelihood of failure of the more unlikely , more “ romantic ” strategies was the common core that bound the two otherwise remote events together .
The Central Cognitive Loop Abstract remindings of this sort have been noted here and there in the cognitive - science literature , and some attempts have been made to explain them ( e.g. , Roger Schank ’s Dynamic Memory [ 1982 ] ) , but their starring role in the phenomenon of cognition has not , to my knowledge , been claimed .
It is my purpose to stake that claim .
To make the claim more explicit , I must posit that such a large - scale memory chunk can be thought of as being stored in long - term memory as a “ node ” — that is , something that can be retrieved as a relatively discrete and separable whole , or to put it metaphorically , something that can be pulled like a fish out of the deep , dark brine of dormant memory .
Once this “ fish ” has been pulled out , it is thrown in the “ bucket ” of short - term memory ( often calling “ working memory ” ) , where it is available for scrutiny .
Scrutiny consists in the act of “ unpacking ” the node to some degree , which means that inside it are found other nodes linked together by some fabric of relationships , and this process of unpacking can then be continued recursively , given that the contents of unpacked nodes themselves are placed in short - term memory as well , and hence are themselves subject to more detailed scrutiny , if so desired .
( I suppose one could extend the fishing analogy by imagining that smaller fish are found in the stomach of the first fish caught , as it is “ cleaned ” — and so forth , recursively .
But that fanciful and somewhat gory image is not crucial to my story . )
Thus , if it is placed under scrutiny , inside the “ Frederikssund pier ” node can be found nodes for the exchange of letters that preceded Robert ’s and my Danish reunion , for Frederikssund itself , for my Stockholm drive , for Robert ’s train trip , for a few of the town ’s streets and shops , for the pier , for my growing disappointment , and so on .
Not all of these will be placed into short - term memory each time the event as a whole is recalled , nor will the inner structure of those nodes that are placed there necessarily be looked into , although it is quite possible that some of their inner structure will be examined .
Thus the unpacking process of this kind of high - level unlabeled node ( such as the “ Frederikssund pier ” node or the “ Kolodner anagram ” node ) can fill short - term memory with a large number of interrelated structures .
It must be stressed , however , that the unpacking process is highly context - dependent ( i.e. , sensitive to what concepts have been recently activated ) , and hence will yield a somewhat different filling - up of short - term memory on each occasion that the same high - level node is pulled up out of the ocean of long - term memory .
Once there are structures in short - term memory , then the perceptual process can be directed at any of them ( this is , in fact , the kind of high - level perception that forms the core of the Copycat and Tabletop models of analogy - making — see Hofstadter and FARG 1995 ) , the upshot of which will be the activation — thanks to analogy — of further nodes in long - term memory , which in turn causes new “ fish ” to be pulled out of that brine and placed into short - term memory ’s bucket .
What we have described is , in short , the following central cognitive loop :
A long - term memory node is accessed , transferred to short - term memory and there unpacked to some degree , which yields new structures to be perceived , and the high - level perceptual act activates yet further nodes , which are then in turn accessed , transferred , unpacked , etc. , etc .
An Illustration of the Central Cognitive Loop in Action
The foregoing may seem too abstract and vague , and so to make the ideas more concrete , I now will present a dialogue most of which actually took place , but some of which has been added on , so as to make some points emerge a little more clearly .
The fact , however , that it all sounds perfectly normal is what matters — it certainly could pass for spontaneous cognition in the minds of two speakers .
The dialogue exemplifies all the processes so far described , and — at least to my mind — shows how these processes are what drives thought .
So here is the dialogue .
A and B are walking by a church when A looks up and notices that on the steeple , there are some objects that look like emergency - warning sirens attached to the base of the cross .
A : Hey , fancy that !
Shades of “ Praise the Lord and pass the ammunition ! ” B : What do you mean ?
A : Well , it ’s kind of amusing to me .
On the one hand , the cross implies a belief in protection by the Lord , but on the other hand , the sirens suggest the need for a backup system , some kind of safety net .
I mean , it ’s fine to believe in divine protection and all , but when it really comes to the crunch , religious people ’s true colors emerge ...
B : Well , sooner safe than sorry , no ?
A : Sure , but is n’t a cross wrapped in danger sirens kind of hypocritical ?
I mean , why do n’t religious people put their money where their mouth is ?
If they really believe in God ’s benevolence , if they really have the courage of their own convictions , then how come it does n’t suffice to speak softly — why do they need to carry a big stick as well ?
Put it this way :
Either you ’re a believer , or you ai n’t .
B : That ’s a bit black - and - white , is n’t it ?
A : Of course !
As it should be !
You ca n’t have it both ways .
Somehow this reminds me of when I had to leave my bags in a hotel in Italy for a few days , and the hotel people stored them in a tiny little chapel that was part of the hotel .
A friend joked , “ Well , this way they ’ll be protected . ”
But why is such a remark so clearly a joke , even to religious people ?
Are n’t churches houses of God ?
Should n’t a sacred place be a safer place ?
B : Yes , but being sacred does n’t make churches immune to disaster .
We ’ve all heard so often of churches whose roofs collapse on the assembled parishioners ...
A : Exactly .
And then pious people always say , “ The Lord works in mysterious ways ...
It ’s beyond our comprehension . ”
Well , how they can continue to believe after such an event is beyond my comprehension , that ’s for sure .
B : You ’re talking about people who claim to believe but in some sense act as if they do n’t really believe , deep down .
But then there ’s the flip side of the coin : people who claim not to believe but act in a way as if they do .
The reverse type of hypocrite , in sort .
A : Do you have an example in mind ?
B : Yes — Niels Bohr , the great Danish physicist .
I once read that in his house there was a horseshoe hanging over one door , and someone asked him , “ What ’s this all about ? ”
Bohr answered , “ Well , horseshoes are supposed to bring good luck , so we put it up there . ”
The friend then said , “ Come now — surely you do n’t believe it brings good luck , do you ? ”
Bohr laughed and said , “ Of course not ! ”
And then he added , “ But they say it works even if you do n’t believe in it . ”
A : I see your point — in a way Bohr ’s remark is the flip side of “ Praise the Lord and pass the ammunition . ”
In the trench - warfare case , you have a believer whose actions reveal deep doubts about their proclaimed belief , and in the Bohr case , you have a skeptic whose actions reveal that he may doubt his own skepticism .
But that cross with the sirens —
I just ca n’t believe that they would wrap them around the cross , of all things — that ’s the height of irony !
I mean , it ’s like some priest who ’s going into a dangerous area of town and does n’t just carry a handgun along in case of need , but in fact a cross that doubles as a handgun .
B : You ’ve made the irony rather clear , I agree .
But tell me — would you propose that the pope , simply because he ’s a big - time believer in God , should travel through the world ’s cities without any protection ?
Would you propose that true believers , if they are to be self - consistent , should n’t put locks on their churches ?
A : Well , wo n’t God take care of his flock ?
Especially the pope ?
B : It ’s not that simple .
A : Come on — if God does n’t look after the pope , who does he look after ?
B : Come on , yourself !
They crucified Jesus , did n’t they ?
If anyone should have had divine immunity , it was Jesus — but he did n’t .
And yet that in itself does n’t mean that Jesus was n’t God ’s son .
This exchange illustrates all of the themes so far presented .
In the first place , it shows A and B using ordinary words — bite - size lexical items such as “ cross , ” “ sirens , ” “ bags , ” “ hotel , ” “ when , ” “ people , ” and dozens more — nouns , verbs , adjectives , adverbs , prepositions , and so forth .
Nothing unusual here , of course , except that readers are being exhorted to picture each of these words as the tip of an iceberg that hides a myriad hidden analogies — namely , the analogies that collectively allowed the category to come into being in the first place in the speaker ’s or listener ’s or reader ’s mind .
In the second place , the dialogue shows a good number of the shorter phrases cited in lists above being used in realistic situations — smallish stock phrases such as “ Fancy that ! ” “ kind of , ” “ I mean , ” “ ai n ’t , ” “ that ’s for sure , ” and many more .
These phrases are used by speakers because they meet the rhetorical needs of the particular context , and when perceived by listeners they activate familiar rhetorical - context categories .
In the third place , the dialogue illustrates high - level perception — the retrieval of high - level labels for perceptions — such as A ’s opening statement , in which the lexical item “ Praise and Lord and pass the ammunition ” is the effortlessly evoked label for a church cross with warning sirens attached to it .
In fact , all through the dialogue , the participants use large lexical items to label situations that are being categorized in real time in their minds .
Thus we hear “ backup system , ” “ safety net , ” “ when it really comes to the crunch , ” “ flip side of the coin , ” “ put your money where your mouth is , ” “ sooner safe than sorry , ” “ speak softly and carry a big stick , ” “ black - and - white , ” and many more .
In the fourth place , we have large - scale remindings .
First there is the shift from the cross - wrapped - in - sirens scene to the suitcases - left - in - hotel - chapel situation , then the shift to the collapsing - churches scenario , after which comes the shift , mediated by a kind of conceptual reversal , to Niels Bohr ’s horseshoe - that - works - despite - skepticism ( probably an apocryphal story , by the way ) .
Following that image comes a different kind of shift — an analogy where a given , known scenario is compared with a spontaneously concocted hypothetical scenario — thus , for instance , the cross - wrapped - in - sirens scene is compared with a hypothetical cross / handgun blend .
This is swiftly followed by a trio of further concocted analogues : first the pope traveling without protection , then churches that are left unlocked , and finally God not even taking care of his own son .
The Central Cognitive Loop in Isolation and in Interaction
The broad - stroke pathway meandering through the limitless space of potential ideas during the hypothetical conversation of A and B is due to various actual scenes or imagined scenarios being reperceived , in light of recently activated concepts , in novel fashions and thereby triggering dormant memories , which are then fished up from dormancy to center stage ( i.e. , short - term memory ) , where , partially unpacked , they are in turn subjected to the exact same context - dependent reperception process .
Around and around in such a loop , alternating between fishing in long - term memory and unpacking and reperceiving in short - term memory , rolls the process of cognition .
Note that what I have just described is not problem - solving , which has traditionally played such a large role in modeling of thought and been tightly linked with “ analogical reasoning ” ; no , everyday thought is not problem - solving or anything that resembles it at all ; rather , it is a nonrandom stroll through long - term memory , mediated by high - level perception ( which is simply , to echo myself , another name for analogy - making ) .
To be sure , thought does not generally take place in a sealed - off vat or an isolation chamber ; most of the time , external events are constantly impinging on us .
Therefore the purely self - driven flow that the “ central loop ” would suggest is just half of the story — it is the contribution from within one ’s private cognitive system .
The other half — the contribution from outside — comes from inanimate objects impinging on one ’s senses ( skyscrapers and sunsets and splashes , for instance ) , from animate agents seen mostly as objects ( mosquitos that one swats at , people that one tries not to bang into as one hastens down a crowded sidewalk ) , or from other cognitive agents ( conversations with friends , articles read in the paper , email messages , scenes in movies , and so on ) .
This buzzing , booming confusion in which one is immersed most of the time tends to obscure the constant running of the private inner loop — but when one retreats into solitude , when one starts to ponder or daydream , when one tries to close oneself off from these external impingements and to be internally driven , that is when the above - posited “ central loop of cognition ” assumes the dominant role .
Goal - Drivenness and the Central Loop
Where do goals enter this picture ?
How does the deeply goal - driven nature of human thought emerge from what might seem to be the randomness of the posited central loop ?
The answer resides in the enormously biased nature of each individual ’s perception .
Each person , as life progresses , develops a set of high - level concepts that they tend to favor , and their perception is continually seeking to cast the world in terms of those concepts .
The perceptual process is thus far from neutral or random , but rather it seeks , whenever possible , to employ high - level concepts that one is used to , that one believes in , that one is comfortable with , that are one ’s pet themes .
If the current perception of a situation leads one into a state of cognitive dissonance , then one goes back and searches for a new way to perceive it .
Thus the avoidance of mental discomfort — the avoidance of cognitive dissonance — constitutes a powerful internal force that helps to channel the central loop in what amounts to a strongly goal - driven manner .
The Sapir - Whorf Hypothesis : Language and the Central Loop
The viewpoint I have been proposing here — in most ways quite unrevolutionary ! — can be rephrased in terms of “ perceptual attractors , ” which are long - term mental loci that are zoomed into when situations are encountered ( see Kanerva 1988 ) .
We all have many thousands of such attractors in our dormant memories , only a tiny fraction of which are accessed when we encounter a new situation .
Where do such attractors come from ?
How public are they ?
Do they have explicit labels ?
Here I list three main types : Standard lexical items ( words , names , phrases , proverbs , etc. ) provided to a vast public through a shared linguistic environment
Shared vicarious experiences provided to a vast public through the media ( e.g. , places , personages , and events of small and large scale in books , movies , television shows , and so on ) , the smaller of which have explicit linguistic labels , the more complex of which have none
Unique personal memories , lacking any fixed linguistic labels ( such chunks are generally very large .
and complex , like the Frederikssund memory discussed above , or even far larger events , such as a favorite high - school class , a year spent in a special city , a protracted divorce , and so on )
Since a sizable fraction of one ’s personal repertoire of perceptual chunks is provided from without , by one ’s language and culture , this means that inevitably language and culture exert powerful , even irresistible , channeling influences on how one frames events .
( This position is related to the “ meme ’s - eye view ” of the nature of thought , as put forth in numerous venues , most recently in Blackmore 1999 . )
Consider , for instance , such words as “ backlog , ” “ burnout , ” “ micromanaging , ” and “ underachiever , ” all of which are commonplace in today ’s America .
I chose these particular words because I suspect that what they designate can be found not only here and now , but as well in distant cultures and epochs , quite in contrast to such culturally and temporally bound terms as “ soap opera , ” “ mini- series , ” “ couch potato , ” “ news anchor , ” “ hit - and - run driver , ” and so forth , which owe their existence to recent technological developments .
So consider the first set of words .
We Americans living at the millennium ’s cusp perceive backlogs of all sorts permeating our lives — but we do so because the word is there , warmly inviting us to see them .
But back in , say , Johann Sebastian Bach ’s day , were there backlogs — or more precisely , were backlogs perceived ?
For that matter , did Bach ever experience burnout ?
Well , most likely he did — but did he know that he did ?
Or did some of his Latin pupils strike him as being underachievers ?
Could he see this quality without being given the label ?
Or , moving further afield , do Australian aborigines resent it when their relatives micromanage their lives ?
Of course , I could have chosen hundreds of other terms that have arisen only recently in our century , yet that designate aspects of life that were always around to be perceived but , for one reason or another , aroused little interest , and hence were neglected or overlooked .
My point is simple : we are prepared to see , and we see easily , things for which our language and culture hand us ready - made labels .
When those labels are lacking , even though the phenomena may be all around us , we may quite easily fail to see them at all .
The perceptual attractors that we each possess ( some coming from without , some coming from within , some on the scale of mere words , some on a much grander scale ) are the filters through which we scan and sort reality , and thereby they determine what we perceive on high and low levels .
Although this sounds like an obvious tautology , that part of it that concerns words is in fact a nontrivial proposition , which , under the controversial banner of “ Sapir - Whorf hypothesis , ” has been heatedly debated , and to a large extent rejected , over the course of the twentieth century .
I myself was once most disdainful of this hypothesis , but over time came to realize how deeply human thought — even my own ! — is channeled by habit and thus , in the last accounting , by the repertoire of mental chunks ( i.e. , perceptual attractors ) that are available to the thinker .
I now think that it is high time for the Sapir - Whorf hypothesis to be reinstated , at least in its milder forms .
Language , Brains , and “ Just Adding Water ”
The usual goal of communication is , of course , to set up “ the same thought ” in the receiver ’s brain as is currently taking place in the sender ’s brain .
The mode by which such replication is attempted is essentially a drastic compression of the complex symbolic dance occurring in the sender ’s brain into a temporal chain of sounds or a string of visual signs , which are then absorbed by the receiver ’s brain , where , by something like the reverse of said compression — a process that I will here term “ just adding water ” — a new symbolic dance is launched in the second brain .
The human brain at one end drains the water out to produce “ powdered food for thought , ” and the one at the other end adds the water back , to produce full - fledged food for thought .
Take , for instance , the paragraph given a few pages back : that time I spent an hour or two hoping that my old friend Robert , who I had n’t seen in two years but who was supposed to arrive from Germany by train sometime during that summer day in the little Danish fishing village of Frederikssund ( which in a series of letters he and I had mutually picked out on maps , and in which I had just arrived early that morning after driving all night from Stockholm ) , might spot me as I lurked way out at the furthest tip of the very long pier , rather than merely bumping into me at random as we both walked around exploring the stores and streets and parks of this unknown hamlet Obviously , this set of black marks on a white background is not similar to the time I spent in Frederikssund , nor is any part of it similar to a pier , a drive from Stockholm , a body of water , or dashed hopes .
And yet these marks triggered in your brain a symbolic dance so vivid that you saw , in your mind ’s eye , a fishing village , two young friends , their joyful anticipation of a semirandom reunion , a pier stretching far out into a gulf , a barely visible person anxiously pacing at its tip , and so on .
A never - before - danced dance inside your brain , launched by a unique set of squiggly shapes , makes you feel almost as if you had been there ; had I spelled it out with another page or two of intricate black - on - white patterns , it would feel all the more vivid .
This is a wonderful kind of transportation of ideas between totally different media — uprooting ideas from one garden and replanting them in a garden never even imagined before , where they flourish beautifully .
Transportation
In his book The poetics of translation ( Barnstone 1993 ) , poet and translator Willis Barnstone has a section called “ The Parable of the Greek Moving Van , ” where he points out that on the side of all Greek moving vans is written the word μεταφορά ( phonetically “ metafora ” and semantically “ transportation ” ) .
He then observes :
To come to Greece and find that even the moving vans run around under the sun and smog of greater Athens with advertisements for transportation , for metaphor , and ultimately with signs for translation should convince us that every motor truck hauling goods from one place to another , every perceived metamorphosis of a word or phrase within or between languages , every decipherment and interpretation of a text , every role by each actor in the cast , every adaptation of a script by a director of opera , film , theater , ballet , pantomime , indeed every perception of movement and change , in the street or on our tongues , on the page or in our ears , leads us directly to the art and activity of translation .
I pack my mental goods down into tight , neat bundles , I load them as carefully as I can into the metafora truck of language , it drives from my brain to yours , and then you unpack .
What a metaphor for communication !
And yet it has often been said that all communication , all language , is metaphorical .
Since I believe that metaphor and analogy are the same phenomenon , it would follow that I believe that all communication is via analogy .
Indeed , I would describe communication this way : taking an intricate dance that can be danced in one and only one medium , and then , despite the intimacy of the marriage of that dance to that medium , making a radically new dance that is intimately married to a radically different medium , and in just the same way as the first dance was to its medium .
Trans - Sportation
To make this all a little more concrete , let us consider taking a complex dance done in the medium of the sport of basketball and trans - sporting that dance into the rather different medium of the sport of soccer .
Indeed , imagine taking the most enthralling basketball game you ever watched — perhaps a championship game you saw on television — and giving a videotape of that game to a “ soccer choreographer , ” who will now stage all the details of an artificial soccer game that is in some sense analogous to your basketball game .
Of course this could be done in many ways , some conservative and some daring .
Some choreographers , citing irreconcilable differences between the two sports ( for instance , the difference in the number of players per team , the lack of any counterpart to a goalie in basketball , the low frequency of scoring in soccer relative to basketball , and on and on ) , might severely bend the rules of soccer , creating a game with only five players on a team , taking away the goalies , vastly reducing the size of the field ( and the goals ) , and so forth , thus effectively creating a hybrid soccer - basketball game that looks very much like basketball , only it is played on grass and involves propelling the ball with the lower rather than the upper limbs .
When one watched the reenactment of one ’s favorite basketball game in this artificial medium , one would not have the sense of watching a soccer game but of watching a very distorted basketball game .
Other choreographers , more willing to go out on a limb , would retain the normal rules of soccer but would attempt to stage a game whose every play felt like a particular play of the original basketball game , even though eleven players were retained on a side , even though the goals remained huge compared to baskets , even though there were still goalies , even though the goals might be coming a little too thick and fast , and so forth .
There would be plays that would be essentially like slam - dunks while at the same time looking every bit like normal soccer plays .
In such a case , one would feel one was watching a genuine soccer game — perhaps a peculiar one in some ways , but nonetheless genuine .
In the ideal case , one could have the two counterpart games running on side - by - side television screens , and a “ neutral ” commentator using only terms that apply to both sports could be effectively heard as describing either of the games .
Anything in between these two extreme philosophies of “ trans - sportation ” can also be imagined — and just such a bizarre scenario is what I think everyday communication is actually like .
Two brains are , in general , far more unalike than are the sports of soccer and basketball — and yet our society is predicated on mutual comprehensibility mediated by language .
Translation
It is astonishing to me how often people — even linguistically sophisticated people , such as philosophers , writers , linguists , translators , and cognitive scientists — will speak as if communication among members of a single language community were total and perfect , with serious communication gaps only taking place at the interface between different languages — as if translation were needed only between languages , never within a language community .
Thus it is taken as obvious and indisputable that Russians all read , say , a novel by Pushkin in one and the same way , but that no one who reads an anglicized version of that novel could possibly get anything like “ that same experience ” ( as if the reading of that novel engendered just one experience in the vast world of all different Russian speakers ) .
My retort would be that what matters is not the dried linguistic powder that is used to transport the dance between brains — what matters is the dance set up inside a brain by whatever dried powder is used for the transport .
Linguists ( I exempt those in the very recent cognitive - linguistics movement ) concentrate so hard on the overt dried powder that they wind up largely ignoring the covert dances that engender it , and that it engenders .
As an ironic consequence , the standard model of language that has been built up this century by linguists is hugely impoverished .
Most people ’s ( and most linguists ’ ) model of translation is as dry as the powder that carries dehydrated ideas from brain to brain ; indeed , they conceive of translation as a mapping from one purely dehydrated chain of symbols to another dehydrated chain of symbols , without any need for “ adding water ” at any stage of the process .
The whole process happens purely at the level of the dry symbols .
Translation would thus be an activity for drones — and hence ideal for computers to carry out .
Here — courtesy of my Sofia hotel — is an example of the “ drone ” theory of translation :
Please do n’t disturb ↕ ↕ ↕ Bitte nicht stören
Or , as the early machine - translation pioneer Warren Weaver once wrote ( Weaver 1955 ) , “ When I look at an article in Russian , I say , ‘ This is really written in English , but it has been coded in some strange symbols .
I shall now proceed to decode . ’”
Since translation is but the challenge of communication rendered crystal - clear , and since communication is but metaphor , and since metaphor is but analogy , I shall spend the rest of this article on analogy focusing on translation and showing how at its core translation is analogy , and indeed , is analogy at its most sublime and enchanting .
Evgeniĭ Onegin
When , a few paragraphs back , I wrote the phrase “ a novel by Pushkin , ” my choice was not as flippant as I tried to make it seem .
Indeed , as a recent translator of Alexander Pushkin ’s novel in verse Eugene Onegin , I have been totally absorbed over the past year or so in the delicious but daunting task of reincarnating Pushkin ’s sparkling poetry in the medium of contemporary English — or rather , contemporary American .
It has not , needless to say , been a process that looked anything like the Sofia - hotel model , with the two - headed vertical arrows connecting words .
In order to give a sense of what was involved , I must first describe the building blocks of the novel , usually called “ Onegin stanzas . ”
Each sonnet ( of which there are nearly four hundred ) is a “ crystal ” — a pattern to transplant from one medium to another .
What is the nature of these crystals ?
To begin with , each one consists of fourteen lines of strict iambic tetrameter ( which means — at least in Russian — that stresses never fall on odd - numbered syllables ) .
The rhyming pattern is always as follows : A B A B C C D D E F F E G G and within this framework , the “ A , ” “ C , ” and “ E ” line - pairs have the special property of being feminine rhymes , while the “ B , ” “ D , ” “ F , ” and “ G ” line - pairs are masculine .
The distinction is as follows : “ return / discern ” is a masculine rhyme , because the final syllables not only rhyme but are stressed , whereas “ returning / discerning ” is a feminine rhyme , because the penultimate syllables rhyme and are stressed , while the final syllables are not only unstressed but identical .
In other words , in feminine rhymes , the “ rhyming action ” takes place before the line ’s final syllable ( which is unstressed ) , whereas in masculine rhymes , the rhyming action takes place on the final syllable ( which is stressed ) .
As a consequence of this intricate design , an Onegin stanza ’s lines have varying numbers of syllables , depending on whether they are feminine or masculine .
The six “ A , ” “ C , ” and “ E ” lines have nine syllables apiece , while all others have eight , as follows : 9 8 9 8 9 9 8 8 9 8 8 9 8 8 All four hundred crystals in the original Russian have this property , and thus all four hundred crystals in the counterpart work in English should — should they not ? — have this same property .
The crucial question is , of course , what kind of compromises should be made in the transportation of Pushkin ’s virtuoso game into the new medium .
One type of translator ( Nabokov 1964 ) might insist on retaining the most literal possible rendering of each word and even much of the Russian word order , in which case all rhyming and rhythmic properties would have to be sacrificed .
This would seem rather akin to the word - for - word Sofia - hotel model , and quite uninspired as a translation philosophy .
Another type of translator would insist on retaining the medium - message marriage that well - wrought poetry inevitably is , and thus on looking behind the scenes , looking beyond the dry dust on the paper , looking at the sparkling mental dance to which the dry powder gives rise , once water is added to it .
To such a translator , what matters is that each semantic chunk of the original poetry ( whether contained within a single line or spread across several ) gives rise to a scene in the mind ’s eye of a reader ( not to mention that of Pushkin ) , and this type of translator , having tried to envision that scene as clearly , fully , and .
faithfully as possible , then uses it as a source for English words and phrases that can be used in lines of English poetry that obey .
the formal constraints .
Such a translator , in short , is inspired by the inner dance and not merely by the dry powder .
Since the scene conjured up by a line or two of the original goes far beyond the literal words in those lines ( i.e. , since “ just adding water ” adds such richness ! ) , there is much more to draw on as potential material for a new poem in English , and so one is enormously freed up .
There remain , of course , all the rhythmic and rhyming hoops to jump through , but by adding water , one has at least given oneself a fighting chance at finding a solution satisfying all the relevant constraints .
Of course satisfying those constraints is not a simple task , nor is it by any means a black - and - white matter to judge whether ( or to what degree ) the constraints have actually been met .
There are many pressures vying with each other , and by no means are they all explicit , although some are .
One might cite the following sets of pressures under which a translator must work : Content : the image evoked by the words and phrases in a semantic chunk
Structural pattern : the above - described features that define the phonetic nature of an Onegin stanza
Tone : an intangible brew of subliminally felt qualities suggested by the following oppositions : humorous vs. serious ; straightforward vs. ironic ; heavy vs. light ; old - fashioned vs. modern ; meditative vs. peppy ; sweet vs. sad ; resigned vs. delighted ; highbrow vs. lowbrow ; etc .
The only one of these constraints that has a sharp , black - and - white feel to it is that of the structural pattern , since it is generally fairly objective whether two words rhyme or not , how many syllables are in a word , where stress should fall , and whether a given two - syllable chunk is an iamb or not ( although , in truth , these matters are surprisingly often quite blurry — does “ midnight ” make a true feminine rhyme with “ slid right ” ? is “ finally ” bisyllabic or trisyllabic ? ) .
The other constraints are anything but sharp , since the content of any lexical item is ( as has been the thrust of this paper ) determined by a host of prior analogies , and hence is tremendously blurry , and since tone is not only vague but also highly multidimensional , allowing for any conceivable combination of degree of irony , degree of modernity , degree of sadness , and so on , ad infinitum .
Given the complexity of this range of competing pressures , it is hardly surprising that there will occur , in the translation of nearly every single line , smaller or larger creative slippages , typified by , but by no means limited to , the following list :
The “ perfect ” literal translation of a word is abandoned in favor of a slightly less perfect choice , because of ( say ) phonetic constraints
A syntactic reversal , slightly unusual in English , is resorted to for ( say ) reasons of metric purity
An idea or image is shifted from one line to another because English grammar works that way
An alliterative pattern is dropped in one stanza but is introduced out of the blue in another , in order to replicate fairly accurately the overall density of alliteration in the original
A modern - seeming word is used in a passage that has an older tone , or vice versa , because of ( say ) certain extra connotations that are gained thereby
A word strongly evocative of something linked tightly to the target culture but not the original culture ( e.g. , “ jive ” ) is used , even if the effect creates a very short - lived subliminal shift of venue from source to target culture
A perfect rhyme is sacrificed for a near - rhyme , in order to gain an extra set of connotations or to conjure up a precise image that would otherwise not be attainable
A word is used in a highly metaphorical manner , stretching it even beyond its normal degree of plasticity
A metaphor is dropped or is replaced by a different metaphor , because the original metaphor makes no sense in the target culture
A metaphor is introduced out of the blue , perhaps because it is implicit in a stock phrase or proverb that fits aptly and that also rhymes very strongly ;
Etc. , etc. , etc .
The amusing fact about the result of all these kinds of creative slippage is that what emerges can often be so powerfully evocative of the original that it seems — at least on some levels — perfectly plausible to refer to the English - language Onegin stanza thereby produced as being “ by Alexander Pushkin , ” and therefore to write those three words on the front cover and spine and title page of the book , perhaps even relegating the translator ’s name to nothing more than a line in fine print on the copyright page .
We shall now take a look at the results of all these kinds of slippages caused by multiple rival pressures in the minds of different translators with different philosophies of translation .
I have selected one stanza , the 29th from chapter II , to illustrate what kinds of things can occur .
( See also chapters 8 , 9 , and 13 of Hofstadter 1997 . )
First I display Pushkin ’s original Russian and , next to it , a literal translation by Vladimir Nabokov ; thereafter , in order , stanzas by the following translators ( in the chronological order of publication of their translations ) : Babette Deutsch , Oliver Elton , Walter Arndt , Charles Johnston , James Falen , and Douglas Hofstadter .
Александр Пушкин ( 1825 )
Ей рано нравились романы ;
Они ей заменяли все ;
Она влюблялася в обман ы
И Ричардсона и Руссо .
Отец ее был добрый малый ,
В прошедшем веке запоздалый ;
Но в книгах не видал вреда ;
Он , не читая никогда ,
Их почитал пустой игрушко й
И не заботился о том ,
Какой у дочки тайный то м
Дремал до утра под подушкой .
Жена ж его была сам а
От Ричардсона без ума .
Vladimir Nabokov ( 1964 )
She early had been fond of novels ;
for her they replaced all ;
she grew enamored with the fictions
of Richardson and of Rousseau .
Her father was a kindly fellow
who lagged in the precedent age
but saw no harm in reading books ;
he , never reading ,
deemed them an empty toy ,
nor did he care
what secret tome his daughter had
dozing till morn under her pillow .
As to his wife , she was herself
mad upon Richardson .
Babette Deutsch ( 1936 )
She found in a romantic story
All one might care to be or know ;
Living the chapters through , she ’d glory
In Richardson as in Rousseau .
Her father saw no harm in reading
( He was a decent chap , conceding
He lived in quite another age ) ;
But then he never read a page .
He did not know that books could say things
To move you even while you slept ;
He thought the tomes his daughter kept
Beneath her pillow , empty playthings ;
While , on the other hand , his wife
Held Richardson as dear as life .
Oliver Elton ( 1937 )
Romances were her only passion ,
And all the world to her ; and so
She fell in love , the dupe of fashion ,
With Richardson , and with Rousseau .
Quite a good fellow was her father ,
Of the last age , belated rather ;
He saw no mischief in a book ,
Though in one he would never look ;
Thought it a toy , and held it lightly ,
And cared not what his daughter did
When she a private volume hid
Beneath her pillow , slumbering nightly .
His lady wife was mad upon
The tales of Samuel Richardson .
Walter Arndt ( 1963 )
But novels , which she early favored ,
Replaced for her all other treats ;
With rapturous delight she savored
Rousseau ’s and Richardson ’s conceits .
Her honest father , though old - fashioned ,
Last century ’s child , grew not impassioned
About the harm that books might breed ;
He , who was never known to read ,
Regarded them as empty thrillers
And never thought to bring to light
Which secret volume dreamt at night
Beneath his little daughter ’s pillows .
His wife had had a crush herself
On Richardson — still on her shelf .
Charles Johnston ( 1977 )
From early on she loved romances ,
they were her only food ... and so
she fell in love with all the fancies
of Richardson and of Rousseau .
Her father , kindly , well - regarded ,
but in an earlier age retarded ,
could see no harm in books ; himself
he never took one from the shelf ,
thought them a pointless peccadillo ;
and cared not what his daughter kept
by way of secret tome that slept
until the dawn beneath her pillow .
His wife , just like Tatyana , had
on Richardson gone raving mad .
James Falen ( 1990 )
From early on she read romances ,
And novels set her heart aglow ;
She loved the fictions and the fancies
Of Richardson and of Rousseau .
Her father was a kindly fellow
Lost in a past he found more mellow ;
But still , in books he saw no harm ,
And , though immune to reading ’s charm ,
Deemed it a minor peccadillo ;
Nor did he care what secret tome
His daughter read or kept at home
Asleep till morn beneath her pillow ;
His wife herself , we ought to add ,
For Richardson was simply mad .
Douglas Hofstadter ( 1999 )
From early on , she read romances ;
True life they were for her , not show .
She fell for all the moods and trances
Induced by authors like Rousseau
And Richardson .
A friendly fellow ,
Her father was old - fashioned , mellow ,
And saw in books no cause for dread ;
Instead , because he never read ,
He thought of them as dull and boring ,
And did n’t give a tinker ’s damn
What brand of frivolous flim - flam
His daughter clutched all night while snoring .
But on the other hand , his wife
Thought Richardson the spice of life .
Each of these compact fourteen - line verbal packets is a structure that bears to the original packet the relation of analog in the medium of the English language .
Each one is clearly the result of myriad tradeoffs involving preservation of imagery , strictness of meter , perfection of rhyme , phonetic patternedness , era exuded by words and phrases , degree of humor , degree of catchiness , degree of familiarity of lexical items , ease of syntactical flow , sequential order of ideas , and much more .
Take , for instance , the word “ instead ” on line 8 of my translation .
Initially , I had line 8 beginning with “ indeed , ” which in some ways is stronger ( because “ indeed ” carries a more emphatic flavor than “ instead , ” and also because , more subtly , the comma-signaled pause that would follow “ indeed ” strikes me as ever - so - slightly longer and more charged than its counterpart with “ instead ” ) , and yet despite these lures , the internal rhyme of “ instead ” with “ dread ” preceding it and with “ read ” following it somehow carried the day in my mind .
This is typical of the multidimensional internal conflicts that occur routinely in translation , and each time , one has to weigh all the factors and make a decision .
On a more blatant semantic level , you may note that the imagery in my stanza is that of the daughter sleeping — nay , snoring ! — while clinging tightly to a favorite book , whereas the imagery in the original is of the book itself sleeping ( or dreaming ) beneath the girl ’s pillow .
To what extent is one entitled to manipulate imagery this way and then to claim that the resulting book is “ by Alexander Pushkin ” ?
To what extent did the nonanglophone Russian poet Alexander Pushkin ever say , in describing the girl ’s father , “ and did n’t give a tinker ’s damn ” ?
On the other hand , to what extent did Pushkin ever write the line “ nor did he care ” ?
Using the former as line 10 provides a clear whiff of Pushkinesque humor ( not to mention having the proper meter , rhyme , and so on ) , while using the latter as line 10 is bland and flat ( and is but four syllables long , where Pushkin ’s line had , of course , four full iambs on it ) .
By what right did I feel entitled to insert an alliterative and flippant phrase like “ frivolous flim - flam ” into the lyrical mouth of Alexander Pushkin ?
On the other hand , by what right did Vladimir Nabokov feel entitled to insert the graceless and nonidiomatic phrase , “ As to his wife , she was herself mad upon Richardson ” into the mouth of Russia ’s greatest poet ?
For that matter , by what right did James Falen think he could get away with a pseudorhyme like “ romances ” and “ fancies ” ?
As for Walter Arndt , by what right did think he could get away with a nonrhyme like “ thrillers ” and “ pillows ” ?
And by what right did Charles Johnston think he was entitled to portray the girl ’s novels as “ her only food ” ?
By what right did Babette Deutsch rearrange the order of Pushkin ’s ideas , so as to make the father ’s old - fashionedness follow ( and in parentheses , to boot ! ) his seeing no harm in books ?
And how in the world did Oliver Elton feel he was being faithful to Pushkin by using the bizarrely redundant phrase “ his lady wife ” ?
Of course I am feigning outrage here ; I have great respect for most of these translators , despite the fact that I see compromises ubiquitously riddling the productions of each of them .
The questions just raised were raised purely rhetorically , my intention being to provoke readers into pondering which of these seven rival English - language stanzas might be seen as the most analogous to Pushkin ’s original stanza ( without claiming there is any “ correct ” answer ) .
Winding Up : On Associationism and the Cartesian Theater
We have come a long way , starting out by seeing single words as analogs to perceived situations , and ending up by seeing sonnets in different languages as each other ’s analogs .
Somewhere near the midpoint came the crux of this essay , however , which claimed that thinking ( at least when isolated from external influences ) is a series of leaps involving high - level perception , activation of concepts in long - term memory , transfer to short - term memory , partial and context - dependent unpacking of chunks , and then further high - level perception , and so forth .
This may sound like no more than the age - old idea of associationism — that we think by jumping associatively from one thing to another .
If that ’s all it came down to , my thesis would certainly be a sterile and vapid noncontribution to cognitive science .
But the mechanisms I posit are more specific , and in particular they depend on the transfer of tightly packed mental chunks from the dormant area of long - term memory into the active area of short - term memory , and on their being unpacked on arrival , and then scrutinized .
Both transfer and perception are crucial , and in that respect , my thesis departs significantly from associationism .
Some readers , such as the author of Consciousness explained ( Dennett 1991 ) , might feel they detect in this theory of thinking an insidious residue of the so - called Cartesian theater — a hypothetical theater in which an “ inner eye ” watches as various images go parading by on a “ mental screen , ” and becomes “ aware ” or “ conscious ” of such imagery .
Such a notion of thinking leads very easily down the slippery slope of nested homunculi , and thus to an infinite regress concerning the site of consciousness . .
I would gladly plead guilty to the accusation of positing a “ screen ” upon which are “ projected ” certain representations dredged up from long - term memory , and I would also plead guilty to the accusation of positing an “ inner eye ” that scans that screen and upon it posts further representational structures , which trigger a descent via analogy into the dormant depths of long - term memory .
I would insist , however , that the label “ perception , ” as applied to what the “ inner eye ” does , be sharply distinguished from visual or any other kind of sensory perception , since in general it involves no sensory modality in any normal sense of the term ( recall the perception of “ ethnic cleansing ” in a newspaper story ) .
The nature of such abstract or high - level perceptual processing has been sketched out in work done by my students and myself over the years ( see Hofstadter and FARG 1995 ) , and I will not attempt to describe it here .
Clearly , since it has been implemented as a computer program ( at least to a first approximation ) , such a model does not succumb to snagging on the fatal hook of infinite regress .
To those who would scoff at the very notion of any “ inner screen ” involved in cognition , I would point to the large body of work of perceptual psychologist Anne Treisman ( e.g. , Treisman 1988 ) , which in my view establishes beyond any doubt the existence of temporary perceptual structures created on the fly in working memory ( she cal\s them “ object files ” ) — a stark contrast to the connectionist - style thesis that all cognition takes place in long - term memory , and that it consists merely of simultaneous conceptual activations ( possibly with attached temporal phases , so as to handle the “ binding problem ” ) without any type of transfer to , or structure - building in , a distinct working area .
Although this more distributed view of the essence of cognition might appeal to opponents of the Cartesian theater , it does not seem to .me that it comes anywhere close to allowing the richness of thought that back - and - forth flow between long - term and short - term memory would allow .
I hope that my speculative portrayal of analogy as the lifeblood , so to speak , of human thinking , despite being highly ambitious and perhaps somewhat overreaching , strikes a resonant chord in those who study cognition .
My most optimistic vision would be that the whole field of cognitive science suddenly woke up to the centrality of analogy , that all sides suddenly saw eye to eye on topics that had formerly divided them most bitterly , and naturally — indeed , it goes without saying — that they lived happily ever after .
Whatever .
References Barnstone , W. ( 1993 ) .
The poetics of translation : History , theory , practice .
New Haven : Yale University Press .
Becker , J. D. ( 1975 ) .
The phrasal lexicon .
In R. Schank and B. Nash - Webber , eds. , Theoretical Issues in Natural Language Processing .
Cambridge , MA : Bolt Beranek and Newman .
Blackmore , S. ( 1999 ) .
The meme machine .
New York : Oxford University Press .
Dawkins , R. ( 1976 ) .
The selfish gene .
New York : Oxford University Press . Dennett , D. C. ( 1991 ) .
Consciousness explained .
Boston : Little , Brown .
Hofstadter , D. ( 1997 ) .
Le ton beau de Marot .
New York : Basic Books .
Hofstadter , D. , and the Fluid Analogies Research Group ( 1995 ) .
Fluid concepts and creative analogies .
New York : Basic Books .
Hofstadter , D. , and Moser , D. ( 1989 ) .
To err is human , to study error - making is cognitive science .
Michigan Quarterly Review .
28(2):185-215. Kanerva , P. ( 1988 ) .
Sparse distributed memory .
Cambridge , MA : MIT Press .
Pushkin , A. S. ( 1832 ) .
Eugene Onegin : A novel in verse .
W. Arndt , trans . ( 1963 ) .
Ann Arbor , MI : Ardis Editions .
B. Deutsch , trans . ( 1998 ) .
New York : Dover . O. Elton , trans . ( 1995 ) .
London : Everyman .
J. Falen , trans . ( 1995 ) .
New York : Oxford University Press . D. Hofstadter , trans . ( 1999 ) .
New York : Basic Books .
C. Johnston , trans . ( 1977 ) .
New York : Penguin Books .
V. Nabokov , trans . ( 1964 ) .
Princeton , NJ : Princeton University Press. F. Sobotka ( 1991 ) .
London : Bristol Classical Press .
Schank , R. ( 1982 ) .
Dynamic memory .
New York : Cambridge University Press . Treisman , A. ( 1988 ) .
Features and objects :
The fourteenth Bartlett Memorial Lecture .
Quarterly Journal of Experimental Psychology 40A:201-237 .
Weaver , W. ( 1955 ) .
Translation .
In W. N. Lock and A. D. Booth , eds. , Machine translation of languages .
Cambridge , MA : MIT Press .
Previously published in :
The Analogical Mind : Perspectives from Cognitive Science ,
Dedre Gentner , Keith J. Holyoak , and Boicho N. Kokinov ( eds . ) .
Cambridge MA : The MIT Press / Bradford Book , 2001 , pp. 499-538 .
Reprinted by kind permission of The MIT Press .
©2001 The MIT Press Illustrations by Douglas Hofstadter ; used by permission .
( Previously unpublished . )
Rogue drivers are evading thousands of speeding tickets by exploiting a loophole in the law that enables them to ignore roadside cameras .
One motorist has been clocked speeding more than 100 times without being caught , while another has got away with driving at 119 mph in a built - up area .
The phenomenon has prompted police to call for a change in the law .
The scam involves offenders registering their cars at one of a network of ' mass - mailing ' addresses used legitimately by businesses instead of at their own homes .
When the driver triggers a camera , the penalty notice is sent to the mass - mailing address .
Police seeking the motorist find only a shopfront where nobody lives .
Speed cameras generated more than £ 114 m in fines last year and are credited by safety campaigners with saving lives .
Figures released last week revealed that the speed of most drivers had dropped as the number of cameras had increased .
Tory frontbencher Andrew Selous , who is campaigning for a change in the law , said uncontrolled speeding by individuals with no fear of being caught risked deaths and serious injuries .
' There is the danger , and there is the sheer injustice of it , ' he said .
' If you or I are caught doing 35 mph in a 30 mph limit , we get three points on our licences and a £ 60 fine .
People may resent that , but understand there is a reason for it .
But there are segments of the population who have wised up to clever ways of getting round this , which is extremely dangerous and downright unfair . '
The MP , who represents Bedfordshire South West , was alerted to the scam by his local force , which he said had recorded 1,000 offences in one month alone on which no action was taken because the cars could not be traced .
That figure could include some overseas drivers only registered abroad , but also those using the mailing - address ploy .
Drivers have been photographed gesturing obscenely at the camera , apparently knowing they will not be caught , but the cameras do not usually yield identifiable images of their faces .
Another 13 forces have reported similar problems .
Selous recently met South Yorkshire 's chief constable , Meredydd Hughes , representing the Association of Chief Police Officers , and was told the association was seeking legislative changes .
It is not illegal to register a car somewhere other than the driver 's home ; employees may be given company cars registered at the firm 's headquarters .
It is , however , an offence to give the DVLA false details .
The mail - drop addresses often consist only of locked mailboxes from which post can be collected , rather than staffed offices .
Insurance may be registered at the same false address , or the offenders may drive uninsured .
Edmund King of the RAC Foundation said the incentives to cheat could have increased because more offences were now enforced by camera : ' It 's not just speed cameras people are trying to avoid : in London it 's things like the congestion charge , bus lane enforcement with bus cameras , and yellow box junction enforcement . '
But he said the planned introduction of automatic number plate recognition cameras , which automatically connect a passing numberplate to a database with insurance and other driver details , would be harder to deceive .
One of the most frequently used mailing addresses , in Chelmsford , Essex , has been used by drivers caught speeding in several counties .
Tory MP Simon Burns , who represents the town , said the Home Office appeared reluctant to act : ' They argue it 's all about company cars .
But if it 's happening here I would be very surprised if it 's not happening elsewhere . '
A Home Office spokesman said the national identity register being introduced to back up planned ID cards would help , and added : ' We are examining how serious the issue is . '
A Department for Transport spokes - man said the DVLA database was ' 97.5 per cent accurate ' .
[ Announce ] GnuPG does not detect injection of unsigned data
GnuPG does not detect injection of unsigned data ================================================
( released 2006-03-09 , CVE - 2006-0049 ) Summary =======
In the aftermath of the false positive signature verfication bug ( announced 2006 - 02 - 15 ) more thorough testing of the fix has been done and another vulnerability has been detected .
This new problem affects the use of * gpg * for verification of signatures which are _not_ detached signatures .
The problem also affects verification of signatures embedded in encrypted messages ; i.e. standard use of gpg for mails .
To solve this problem , an update of the current stable version has been released ( see below ) .
Please do not respond to this message .
The mailing list gnupg - devel is the best place to discuss this problem ( please subscribe first so you do n't need moderator approval [ 1 ] ) .
Impact : =======
Signature verification of non-detached signatures may give a positive result but when extracting the signed data , this data may be prepended or appended with extra data not covered by the signature .
Thus it is possible for an attacker to take any signed message and inject extra arbitrary data .
Detached signatures ( a separate signature file ) are not affected .
All versions of gnupg prior to 1.4.2.2 are affected .
Scripts and applications using gpg to verify the integrity of data are affected .
This includes applications using the GPGME library [ 2 ] .
The GnuPG version 1.9.x is not affected unless the currently deprecated gpg part has been enabled .
Solution : =========
Update GnuPG as soon as possible to version 1.4.2.2 .
There are no fixes for older versions available .
If you can't get an update from your vendor , please follow the instructions found at http://www.gnupg.org/download/
or read on : GnuPG 1.4.2.2 may be downloaded from one of the GnuPG mirror sites or direct from ftp://ftp.gnupg.org/gcrypt/ .
The list of mirrors can be found at http://www.gnupg.org/mirrors.html .
Note , that GnuPG is not available at ftp.gnu.org .
On the mirrors you should find the following files in the * gnupg * directory : gnupg - 1.4.2.2.tar.bz2 ( 2.8 M ) gnupg-1.4.2.2.tar.bz2.sig GnuPG source compressed using BZIP2 and OpenPGP signature .
gnupg -1.4.2.2.tar.gz ( 4.0 M ) gnupg-1.4.2.2.tar.gz.sig GnuPG source compressed using GZIP and OpenPGP signature .
gnupg -1.4.2.1-1.4.2.2.diff.bz2 ( 101 k ) A patch file to upgrade a 1.4.2.1 GnuPG source .
Select one of them .
To shorten the download time , you probably want to get the BZIP2 compressed file .
Please try another mirror if exceptional your mirror is not yet up to date .
In the * binary * directory , you should find these files : gnupg - w32cli-1.4.2.2.exe ( 1.4M ) gnupg-w32cli-1.4.2.2.exe.sig GnuPG compiled for Microsoft Windows and OpenPGP signature .
Note that this is a command line version and now comes with a graphical installer tool .
The source files are the same as given above .
Note , that a new version of the Gpg4Win package [ 3 ] , including a fixed version of GnuPG has also been released today .
In order to check that the version of GnuPG which you are going to install is an original and unmodified one , you can do it in one of the following ways : * If you already have a trusted version of GnuPG installed , you can simply check the supplied signature .
Due to the fact that detached signatures are used , the problem described here does not affect this verification .
For example to check the signature of the file gnupg - 1.4.2.2.tar.bz2 you would use this command : gpg --verify gnupg-1.4.2.2.tar.bz2.sig
This checks whether the signature file matches the source file .
You should see a message indicating that the signature is good and made by that signing key .
Make sure that you have the right key , either by checking the fingerprint of that key with other sources or by checking that the key has been signed by a trustworthy other key .
Note , that you can retrieve the signing key using " finger wk ' at ' g10 code.com " or " finger dd9jn ' at ' gnu.org " or using the keyservers .
From time to time I prolong the expiration date ; thus you might need a fresh copy of that key .
Never use a GnuPG version you just downloaded to check the integrity of the source - use an existing GnuPG installation !
Watch out for a " Good signature " messages .
*
If you are not able to use an old version of GnuPG , you have to verify the SHA - 1 checksum .
Assuming you downloaded the file gnupg - 1.4.2.1.tar.bz2 , you would run the sha1sum command like this : sha1sum gnupg - 1.4.2.2.tar.bz2 and check that the output matches the first line from the following list : f5559ddb004e0638f6bd9efe2bac00134c5065 ba gnupg-1.4.2.2.tar.bz2 959540c1c6158e09d668ceee055bf366dc26d0bd gnupg-1.4.2.2.tar.gz 880b3e937f232b1ca366bda37c4a959aacbd84f3 gnupg-1.4.2.1-1.4.2.2.diff.bz2 95dd7fd4c49423b86704acfc396ce5a53c8b19e7 gnupg-w32cli-1.4.2.2.exe Background : ===========
OpenPGP messages are made up of packets .
The signed data is a packet , the actual signature is a packet and there are several control packets as well .
For example : O + D + S
This describes a standard signed message made made up of a control packet ( O for one - pass signature packet ) , the actual signed data ( D ) and the actual signature packet ( S ) . gpg checks that the signature S is valid over the data D .
This is actually easy if not OpenPGP and GnuPG would have a long tradition of changing the fromats .
PGP 2 versions used a different way of composing these packets : S + D and early versions of gpg , released before RFC2440 , even created D + S i.e. without the one - pass packet .
Still this would all be easy to process properly but in an ill - advised attempt to make things easier , gpg allowed the processing of multiple signatures per file , like O1 + D1 + S1 + O2 + D2 + S2 where two standard signatures are concatenated .
Now when combining this with the other variants of signatures , things get really messy and it is not always possible to assocciate the signature ( S ) with the signed data ( D ) . gpg checked that this all works but unfortunately these checks are not sufficient enough .
The attack is to change a standard message to inject faked data ( F ) .
A simple case is this : F + O + D + S gpg now happily skips F for verification and does a proper signature verification of D and if this succeeds , prints a positive result .
However when asked to output the actual signed data it will output the concatenation of F + D and thus create the impression that both are covered by the signature .
Depending on how gpg is invoked ( in a pipeline or using -- output ) it may even output just F and not at all D .
There are several variants of the attack in where to put the faked data .
The only correct solution to this problem is to get rid of the feature to check concatenated signatures - this allows for strict checking of valid packet composition .
This is what has been done in 1.4.2.2 and in the forthcoming 1.4.3r c2 .
These versions accept signatures only if they are composed of O + D + S S + D Cleartext signatures are of course also supported , they are similiar to the O+D+S case .
The actual checking for valid signature packet composition is done at g10 / mainproc.c , at the top of check_sig_and_print ( ) .
Thanks ======
Tavis Ormandy again poked on gpg and found this vulnerability .
The new version has been released yesterday and should by now be available on all mirrors . [ 1 ]
http://lists.gnupg.org/mailman/listinfo/gnupg-devel [ 2 ]
http://www.gnupg.org/related_software/gpgme [ 3 ]
http://www.gpg4win.org
-- Werner Koch < wk at gnupg.org >
The GnuPG Experts http://g10code.com
Free Software Foundation Europe http://fsfeurope.org
Join the Fellowship and protect your Freedom !
http://www.fsfe.org
-------------- next part
--------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed ...
Name : not available Type : application / pgp-signature Size : 199 bytes Desc : not available Url : / pipermail / attachments/20060309/06a8db4e/attachment.pgp
Lighting technology :
The light bulb is synonymous with invention .
But , as this case history explains , it may lose out to the light - emitting diode , which is better in many ways
Corbis
HOW long does it take to change a light bulb ?
According to iSuppli , a market - research company that specialises in technology trends , the answer is 131 years .
That is the amount of time that will have elapsed between 1879 , when Thomas Edison first demonstrated his incandescent light bulb , and 2010 , when semiconductor - based light - emitting diodes ( LEDs ) are expected to have made significant inroads into general illumination , a market worth $ 15 billion .
Since LEDs were first invented over four decades ago , they have mostly been used in niche applications , first as simple indicator lights on calculators or watches and then , as their brightness improved , in displays , signs and traffic signals .
More recently , some companies have begun to sell LED fixtures for residential use .
“ We 're on the brink of a new lighting revolution , ” says Jerry Simmons , head of the solid - state lighting programme at America 's Sandia National Laboratory .
LEDs have become popular because they have numerous advantages over conventional light bulbs .
For one thing , they last much longer : they can endure up to a decade of non -stop use compared with a few months or less for incandescent bulbs .
They also take up much less space ( a typical LED is about the size of the rubber on the end of a pencil ) , are shock resistant and , perhaps most important of all , are extremely energy - efficient .
An incandescent bulb , made of a wire filament encased in glass , emits only 5 % of the energy it consumes as light ; the rest is wasted as heat .
Fluorescent lights , which consist of tubes filled with mercury vapour , are roughly four times more efficient .
LEDs , however , contain no mercury and already rival fluorescents in efficiency .
Upfront costs make them too expensive for most general lighting applications , but experts expect that to change over the next five years as prices come down and efficiencies go up .
Worldwide about 20 % of all electricity generated is used for lighting .
Several studies reckon that LEDs could eventually cut that amount in half .
That would not only save billions of dollars in electricity bills , but also significantly reduce energy demand , environmental pollution and greenhouse - gas emissions .
Besides being environmentally friendly , LEDs allow unprecedented control over lighting .
Unlike incandescent or fluorescent lamps , which spew light in all directions , LEDs generate directional light , making them ideal for selectively illuminating areas .
Moreover , the ability to mix and match the output of red , green and blue LEDs makes it possible to “ tune ” the emitted light to produce any desired colour .
Lighting designers are already using LEDs to illuminate monuments , restaurants and even famous paintings , such as Leonardo da Vinci 's “ Mona Lisa ” .
Because LEDs emit monochromatic light , any potentially harmful or unwanted radiation , such as ultraviolet or infra-red light , can be eliminated .
Back in the dark ages
The first observation of a semiconductor emitting light when zapped with electricity dates back to 1907 .
But because the amount of light produced was tiny , no one pursued the idea in earnest .
That changed in the early 1960s , when Nick Holonyak , a researcher at General Electric , first learned that semiconductors could generate infra-red light .
He then set out to make a new type of semiconductor crystal that would be able to emit visible , red light .
He succeeded in 1962 , inventing the first practical light - emitting diode .
An LED is based on a combination of two semiconductor materials , called n- type and p-type .
The n- type is so called because it contains an excess of negatively charged electrons ; the p-type contains an abundance of positively charged “ holes ” that can accept electrons .
At the junction where the two materials meet , electrons pair up with holes to form an area depleted of charge that prevents current from flowing .
But applying a large enough voltage causes electrons and holes to flow into the junction from opposite sides .
As electrons and holes pair up , each electron gives up energy , which is emitted in the form of light .
By changing the composition of the semiconductor materials , it is possible to determine the amount of energy given up by each electron , and hence the light 's colour .
Even though Dr Holonyak 's original red LEDs were dim by today 's standards , they were immediately commercialised and ended up being in production for decades .
Leaving GE in 1963 for an engineering professorship at his alma mater , the University of Illinois , he schooled over two dozen PhD students who themselves made major contributions to the field .
Among them is George Craford , who invented the first yellow LED and is now the chief technology officer at Philips Lumileds , a leading maker of high - brightness LEDs based in San Jose , California .
In 1967 Dr Craford began working at Monsanto , then a chemical company , which mass - produced LEDs for the first time .
LEDs then began to appear as indicator lights in calculators and watches , including the famous digital Pulsar watch .
In 1971 Monsanto published an advertisement in the Wall Street Journal proclaiming that LEDs might eventually be used in car headlights .
That was regarded as preposterous at the time , Dr Craford recalls , and a fellow scientist even called the assertion “ technically irresponsible ” .
But Dr Craford expects the prediction to be fulfilled within a year or so .
Since those early days , LEDs have been refined in many ways .
Researchers developed sophisticated methods to grow high - quality semiconductor crystals , reducing the likelihood that electrons or holes will become trapped by defects .
There has also been progress in scaling up the size of LEDs , so that they can be driven at higher currents and generate more light .
And design tweaks have improved efficiency by ensuring that light can escape from LEDs easily .
Singing the blues
Since the early 1970s , the efficiency of red , orange and yellow LEDs has increased tenfold every ten years .
In theory , LEDs should eventually be able to achieve efficiencies close to 100 % .
In the mid-1980s red LEDs overcame a big hurdle when they surpassed incandescent red bulbs , which are notoriously inefficient since the white light they generate is passed through a red filter , which absorbs 90 % of the light .
This paved the way for the use of red LEDs in traffic signals , rear lights on cars , and outdoor signs .
Although scientists made advances with red LEDs , creating bright blue and green LEDs proved much more difficult .
Research on gallium nitride , a material that showed promise for blue LEDs , began in the late 1960s at the Radio Corporation of America ( RCA ) , which wanted to use LEDs to create flat - panel televisions .
In the early 1970s RCA did succeed in coaxing some light from gallium nitride - based diodes , but its blue LEDs were inefficient and dim .
Discouraged , most scientists in the field gave up on the material .
Gallium nitride turned out to be difficult to grow without defects , and although n- type gallium nitride could be made easily , p- type could not .
Among the few who did not give up were two Japanese researchers and eventually their persistence paid off .
In the late 1980s Isamu Akasaki and his colleagues at Nagoya University created the first p- type gallium nitride by incorporating tiny amounts of magnesium .
But the ease with which holes could travel through it was still too low to be practical .
A few years later Shuji Nakamura , then a scientist at a small chemical company called Nichia , discovered why .
He found that producing p- type gallium nitride , which made use of ammonia at high temperatures , trapped hydrogen atoms inside the crystal .
These hydrogen atoms bonded with the magnesium atoms that were supposed to promote hole mobility , preventing them from doing their jobs properly .
Heating the crystal in a nitrogen atmosphere , Dr Nakamura found , released the hydrogen atoms and dramatically improved the ease with which holes could move around .
In the end it was Dr Nakamura who announced the creation of the first bright blue LED in 1993 , followed by the first bright green and bright white LEDs a few years later .
His success took the world by surprise .
When he began working on blue LEDs in 1989 , he had no PhD , had never published a paper , and Nichia was an unknown company located on the smallest and least populated of the four main Japanese islands .
Managers initially provided little support for his research , though Nichia 's president later authorised more funding for the project .
The payoff turned out to be huge .
The availability of the whole spectrum of colours opened up new applications , from full - colour video screens to display backlighting .
Between 1995 and 2005 the market for high - brightness LEDs grew from $ 122 m to $ 3.9 billion , an average of 41 % a year , says Robert Steele of Strategies Unlimited , a research firm based in Mountain View , California .
Nichia itself made a tidy sum , with sales of about $ 1.7 billion in 2005 .
Dr Nakamura wrote several influential papers and went on to become one of the pre-eminent researchers in the field .
But he initially received only a pitiful $ 200 bonus for his inventions .
He made headlines in 1999 when he left Nichia , took a position at the University of California Santa Barbara , and in 2001 sued his former employer in a patent dispute that was recently settled for $ 7 m .
Today there are two basic approaches to generating white light with LEDs .
The simplest and most common way is to coat a blue LED with a yellow phosphor .
The blue light from the LED excites the phosphor , causing it to emit cool white light .
But some energy is lost in the process .
Combining red , green and blue LEDs to produce white light has the potential to be more efficient , and the colour of the light could be tuned depending on mood or taste .
The drawback of this approach is that it is difficult and expensive to match and maintain the output of multiple LEDs over long periods .
To tackle these and other problems , many countries have created multi-million - dollar LED research programmes .
America 's government - sponsored Next Generation Lighting Initiative , which has funded more than 70 different LED projects to date , aims to triple the efficiency of white LEDs by 2025 .
To some that is a conservative benchmark .
“ I think we 'll be there much sooner , ” reckons Neal Hunter , the former chairman of Cree , one of the world 's leading LED manufacturers .
Dr Hunter is now the boss of LED Lighting Fixtures , a firm based in North Carolina that is working to make LEDs more suitable for use in general illumination .
It recently set an efficiency record for a white - light LED fixture .
So far , only a handful of firms are specialising in this market .
To compete with the light output of a single 60 - watt incandescent bulb that emits about 800 lumens ( a measure of light power as perceived by the human eye ) , companies such as LED Lighting Fixtures and Permlight of Southern California are designing lamps based on clusters of white LEDs that achieve a similar lumen output , but consume a fraction of the power .
Initial costs are still higher for such fixtures than for traditional bulbs , but lower electricity bills could make up the difference within a year or two , says Dr Hunter .
“ Light bulbs are among the last devices that use vacuum tubes , an old technology that has been replaced in radios and most televisions . ”
The size of LEDs allows for far greater choice in fixture design , though people disagree on how receptive consumers will be to such possibilities .
“ The shape of lamps will change , ” believes James Brodrick , who manages America 's solid - state lighting research programme for the Department of Energy .
Color Kinetics , a firm based in Boston , already makes LED fixtures resembling large tiles that can be mounted on walls to create checkerboard - like effects or morphing colours .
LEDs made of organic materials , called OLEDs , promise even more revolutionary design possibilities .
Since they were first commercialised a few years ago , they have mostly appeared in small portable devices , such as mobile phones and digital music - players .
Based on ultra-thin , lightweight plastic sheets , OLEDs emit a softer , more distributed light than conventional LEDs and might eventually be turned into softly glowing wallpaper or curtains .
Because OLEDs are not as reliable and long - lasting as conventional LEDs , some scientists have been tempted to belittle their importance , just as LEDs themselves were originally underestimated in their early years .
That could be a mistake , says Fred Schubert , an engineering professor at the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy , New York , who heads the university 's Future Chips Constellation laboratory .
“ As researchers ” , he says , “ we always have to be ready for surprises . ”
Those in the field may disagree about the prospects of OLEDs , but they do seem to agree on one thing : the days of the incandescent bulb are numbered .
Conventional light bulbs are among the last devices that use vacuum tubes , an old technology that has long been replaced in radios and most televisions , notes Sandia 's Dr Simmons .
“ Ultimately , incandescent light bulbs will end up in a museum , just like vacuum tubes did for electronics , ” he says .
Attorney Acosta said the move would make prosecutions easier
A new task force has been set up to police the sanctions and those breaking them will face large fines .
The chief federal prosecutor in Florida said anyone who travelled illegally or traded with Cuba would be punished .
But critics say the move is an attempt to strengthen the Republican Party 's vote ahead of congressional elections .
Miami - based US Attorney Alexander Acosta said the measures would allow the US to better enforce its sanctions against Cuba .
" The purpose of the sanctions is to isolate the Castro regime economically and deprive the Castro regime of the US dollars it so desperately seeks , " said Mr Acosta .
Tough talk
Miami is the unofficial capital of the Cuban exile community , a key segment of the Republican vote .
The BBC's Emilio San Pedro says such tough talk will be welcomed by the most conservative segments in the community who see the failing health of Cuban President Fidel Castro as an opportunity to bring about political change on the island .
Mr Acosta said anyone convicted of breaking the trade embargo would face the possibility of a 10 - year prison sentence and a hefty fine .
The task force will include the FBI and law enforcement units from the Treasury , Homeland Security and Commerce departments .
It represents the latest move to tighten the restrictions on US - Cuba relations .
Limitations were first imposed in the early 1960s and have been expanded since .
初心者への GNU perf のスス メ
Lynx Optimized Pages !
46755 accesses since 2001/07/27 .
6 accesses per day .
[ TOP ]
©1990 -2018 Kazuya ' Sharl ' Masuda < sharl @ hauN.org >
一部から完全ハッシュ関数を作るツール gperf の使い方を知りたい、というリクエストが あったので、軽く説明してみようと思います。 ( 深く突っ込めないという話も。知ってることしか説明できないよねー(汗 ; ) )
ちなみに gperf は cperf -2.1a.tar.gz , gperf -3.0.4.tar.gz , gperf -3.1.tar.gz というパッケージになってます。gperf-2.7 以降は C++ がないとコンパイルできません。
( 2017/06/19 現在 ) 3.1 には突然 size_t が出現する不具合がありま す
。http://lists.gnu.org/archive/html/bug-gperf/2017-01/msg00004.html
オプショ ン - I , -- includes を指定、また は 3.0.4 以前にダウングレードすることで回避可能です。
パッケージのコンパイルについては割愛します。
完全ハッシュ関数と は
ハッシュが線形逐次検索に比べて速いことは周知です。完全ハッシュ関数は固定長のハッシュ表により
ハッシュ値の計算コストを抑えてキーワードの探索を高速に行う関数です。普段使われる動的ハッシュに
対して静的ハッシュとも呼ばれます。
キーワードを用意す る
簡単な例を。入力した文字列が ID とマッチするかどうか調べるプログラムを作ってみましょう。
--- id.key --- AVG-FOE M.H Sato / 2 Sharl UME20 anti-top nbkz oo --------------
ID 勝手に出してごめんなさ い
このようなキーワードファイルを用意します。
先程のファイル id.key を入力ファイルとし て
% gperf id.key
または
% gperf < id.key
とすると、標準出力 に C のソースが出力されるので、リダイレクトして id .c とでもしておきます 。
version 3.0 以降ではキャラクタセットが異なるとエラーを出すようになりました(id.c 参照 ) 。
完全ハッシュ関数の関数名はデフォルトで in_word_set です。-N オプションで関数名を変更できます ( - N name or -- lookup - function - name=name ) 。プロトタイプ宣言は id .c を見てもらうとわかるよう に
const char * in_word_set ( const char * str , unsigned int len ) ;
です。version 2.1 では - a オプションにより len を int にすることができます 。
実際の使用例は以下のようになります。
--- main .c --- #include < stdio.h > # include < string.h > extern const char * in_word_set ( char * , unsigned int ) ; void main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { const char * p ; if ( argc == 1 ) return ; p = in_word_set ( argv [ 1 ] , strlen ( argv [ 1 ] ) ) ; if ( p == NULL ) printf ( " no match .
" ) ; else printf ( " hit [ % s ]
" , p ) ; } --------------
id.c とリンクしてください。
% cc main .c id.c % ./a. out aa no match .
% ./ a.out oo hit [ oo ] %
次の例を見てください。
--- asm.key --- add asl asr dec inc lsl lsr mov ret rol ror sub --------------- % gperf asm.key /* starting time is 14:59:48 */
Key link : " rol " = " lsr " , with key set " lr " .
Some input keys have identical hash values , try different key positions or use option -D .
どうやら文字が重複している( アナグラムになっている)
ので一意に決定できないようです。こういう場合は
- D オプションを指定してください( と書いてある( 汗 ; ) ) 。
% gperf - D asm.key
‘ try different key positions ’というのは…うまく説明できません。省略(汗 ;) 。この場合は - k1,3 , $ とか - k1,2 , $ と指定すればいいんですけど…。この辺は試行錯誤してみてください。
すみません。( 清く正しいシェルは $ をエスケープするのを忘れずに :-)
version 3.0 以降では - D をつけなくても自動的に計算してくれるようになりました。
とりあえずこれで gperf を使えるようになりました。( 実用的かどうかは神のみぞ知る… )
ここからが普通の使い方です。
通常はキーワードとその属性(?)を構造体で格納して、キーワードの属性に対してアクションを行います。
gperf は文字列をキーワードとしてハッシュ表を作るので、かなり用途が限定されます。 逆引きできない、ということですね 。
キーワードと属性を使う例
--- word.key --- %{ /* * a portion of GNU make keywords */ #include " word.h " %} struct OPE { char * name ; int type ; int args ; } ; % % addprefix , F_ADDPREFIX , DYNAMIC addsuffix , F_ADDSUFFIX , DYNAMIC basename , F_BASENAME , MONAMIC dir , F_DIR , MONAMIC filter , F_FILTER , DYNAMIC filter - out , F_FILTEROUT , DYNAMIC findstring , F_FINDSTRING , DYNAMIC firstword , F_FIRSTWORD , MONAMIC foreach , F_FOREACH , TRINAMIC join , F_JOIN , DYNAMIC notdir , F_NOTDIR , MONAMIC origin , F_ORIGIN , MONAMIC patsubst , F_PATSUBST , TRINAMIC shell , F_SHELL , MONAMIC sort , F_SORT , MONAMIC strip , F_STRIP , MONAMIC subst , F_SUBST , TRINAMIC suffix , F_SUFFIX , MONAMIC wildcard , F_WILDCARD , MONAMIC word , F_WORD , DYNAMIC words , F_WORDS , MONAMIC ----------------
この例では word.h に define や enum などで定数を定義しておきます。この書式、yacc/bison の .y に似てますね。f?lex の .l にも似てるかも。
%{ と %} の間の行がソースに挿入されます。%} と % % の間の行が、構造体の宣言になります。 % % 以降が 構造体の内容の羅列です 。1 行に構造体 1 つぶんしか書いてはいけません。 キーワードは必ず先頭に書きます。それにあわせて構造体のメンバの型も決めてください。
ここで注意。デフォルトではキーワードに対するメンバ名が‘name’です。
メンバ名を変更したい、という時は - K で指定します(- K name or -- slot - name=name ) 。
ex. ) struct MEMB { char * id ; char * addr ; char * tel ; } ;
のとき gperf -K id ... となります。
キーワードから属性( この場合は構造体のメンバ)を得たいので、構造体へのポインタが返ってこないと 参照できませんね。
しかし、デフォルトではキーワードへのポインタを返すので、構造体へのポインタを返すように
オプションで -p -t を指定します。 - pt と続けて書いてもかまいません。
% gperf - pt word.key > word.c
さて、word .c の中に構造体 OPE の定義が残っています。もし word.h の中で struct OPE を定義したり していると redefinition error が出ます。ヘッダを使い回す人は注意ですね。そういうときは
- T を指定すると、構造体の宣言が出力されなくなります。
めでたく構造体へのポインタが返るようになりました(なりましたよね??? ) 。この場合の in_word_set のプロトタイプ宣言 は
struct OPE * in_word_set ( const char * str , unsigned int len ) ;
になります。あと は
struct OPE * p ; if ( ( p = in_word_set ( key , strlen ( key ) ) ) != NULL ) do_func(p-> type , p->args ) ;
などとして使いましょう。Rubyが予約語のハッシュをgperfで作っていますね。
構造体の初期化でコンパイラの警告が出る場合は version 3.0以降で - F " , 0 , 0 " と オプションで初期化するものを指定するか、構造体宣言の前か後ろに
% define initializer - suffix , 0,0
と書いてあげると埋めてくれます。自動的に構造体宣言の中を解析してくれるわけじゃないですけど。
% define を 使うときに空白を入れるとダメな感じなので
- F を使ってquoteし てあげるといい感じのソースになります。
3.5 The Copyright of the Output
gperf is under GPL , but that does not cause the output produced by gperf to be under GPL .
The reason is that the output contains only small pieces of text that come directly from gperf 's source code – only about 7 lines long , too small for being significant – , and therefore the output is not a “ work based on gperf ” ( in the sense of the GPL version 3 ) .
On the other hand , the output produced by gperf contains essentially all of the input file .
Therefore the output is a “ derivative work ” of the input ( in the sense of U.S. copyright law ) ; and its copyright status depends on the copyright of the input .
For most software licenses , the result is that the the output is under the same license , with the same copyright holder , as the input that was passed to gperf .
※強調部分は筆者によるもの
長年議論されてきましたが、これでようやくの決着となりそうです。
駆け足で説明してきましたが、けっこうな量になっちゃいました。でも、これだけ覚えておけば一応使う
ことはできます。わたしもこのくらいしかわかりませんけど大丈夫ですし(汗 ; ) 。
もっと突っ込んで知りたい方は gperf.texinfo や付属の gperf.html を参照してください(汗 ; ) 。
( 2017/06/19 ) gperf - 3.1.tar.gz が出ていたので更新。size_t が突然出てくる不具合も追記。
( 2012/03/23 , 2012/07/18 ) gperf が出力したソースコードの権利についての項を追加。公式マニュアルへのリンクを追加。
( 2005/10/29 ) gperfの吐くソースにgccが文句を言うを受けて構造体の初期化を追加。
( 2003/08/09 ) version 3.0.1 に対応した内容に改変 。
( 2001/08/02 ) サンプルで使ったソースを見られるようにした。若干改変。
( 2001/08/01 ) 休んでいる間に gperf - 2.7.2.tar.gz が出ていたので更新。
( 1998/05/08 ) gperf - 2.7.tar.gz が独立パッケージに。
( 1997/10/06 ) gperf の在処を追加 。
( 1997/05/16 ) はるか昔に書いたドキュメントを
HTML にしてみました。今でもここに書いたくらいの知識しか持って
ないし、これ以上の使い方をしてないので、この説明が役にたつ人もいるんじゃないかなぁ。
ツッコミもお待ちしております。
© 1990 -2018 Kazuya ' Sharl ' Masuda < sharl at hauN.org >
For years I had an irrational loathing of javascript .
It was to the point where I ’d always have it switched off in my browser .
To me it was synonymous with bad web design and crappy menus that did n’t ever work in netscape .
Then google maps came out and I was completely impressed .
They did all that with javascript ?
I did n’t know javascript could * do* that .
So about a year ago I decided to actually look at the language and see what you could do with it .
I updated an old cgi script game of mine into a modern javascript game complete with XMLHttpRequest high score stuff .
And I was generally very happy with everything .
My friend Jim wrote a card game and we developed it into a very nice game site
I really love javascript now , but that does n’t mean it does n’t have its faults .
I can make a number of little nitpicks but I want to focus on three major deficiencies of the language .
Problem 1 : No include directive
This is particularly annoying when dealing with many libraries that also depend on other libraries .
It forces you to know all the dependencies up front and hurts the modularity of your site .
I ’ve read that an include directive was not ..er.. included in the language because they did n’t want to specify what it meant .
The argument goes like this : Javascript is a nicely generic language and so if it was used as a scripting language of a video game ( for instance ) it would be annoying if the spec said “ include ” was a URL .
I do n’t see why that precludes adding the include directive to the language .
I would argue that it ’s better to have it in the spec with the argument being “ implementation defined ” and let the w3 c guys say that it ’s a URL and the game guys make it a virtual file inside some zip archive .
The other argument I ’ve heard is that the language designer wanted something nicer than a simple “ #include ” style of include — something like the class importing of java or a “ use ” directive of perl .
I can understand that .
But I would argue that not having anything is much worse than having a simple file / URL based include system .
A third argument I ’ve heard is that including files is gross since you have to protect against multiple inclusions with big ugly protection “ if ” statements like every C header file you ’ve ever seen .
I do n’t buy this either — Objective C solved this 20 years ago .
Objective C has “ # include ” and “ #import ” .
“ # include ” includes the file verbatim and “ #import ” includes it only if has not been imported before .
It ’s very simple and it covers all the cases that might occur .
Problem 2 : “ this ” is wrong in callbacks
Javascript programs , being functional and non-threaded , end up having a lot of callbacks .
Especially if you use things like timers and XMLHttpRequest objects .
If you pass a function to something and it runs it , your function gets run with all your local variables ( since it ’s a closure ) but the “ this ” points to something stupid like the callee or the global context ( I do n’t remember but it ’s not your local “ this ” ) .
I ’m not sure why it does this but I imagine it makes some part of the language designer or language implementer ’s life easier .
The problem is that it makes every programmers life hell .
Yes , it ’s easy to get around : just make a local variable and set it to “ this ” .
Look around greenfelt .
net and you ’ll see variable named “ me ” and “ _this ” littering the code .
But I should n’t have to do that at all — the language should just do the right thing ( maybe that ’s the perl side of me talking ) .
My argument against this is that it is * never * what you want as a developer .
* Never !*
Why force every program to have stupid little work arounds just because it makes the spec of the language cleaner at some level ?
I think the spec writers and language implementors need to suck it up and take one for the team here .
How much time have I spent debugging a problem caused by the stupid “ this ” pointing to the wrong context ?
Days , I ’m sure .
Problem 3 : Inheritence sucks
The javascript object model is simple .
I generally like it .
But its simplicity causes problems when trying to do inheritence .
I looked around for ways to do inheritence and everyone seems to have a different way of doing it .
And all the methods seem to have some drawback .
In the end I ended up settling on a method that seemed to minimize code , but it ’s still ugly :
The base class :
function baseclass ( a , b ) { if ( arguments.length ) this .init( a , b ) ; } baseclass.prototype.init = function ( a , b ) { ... }
And the inheriting class :
function subclass ( a , b ) { baseclass.prototype.init.call( this , a, b ) ; ... } subclass . prototype = new baseclass ( ) ;
This allows for “ new baseclass ( a , b ) ” and “ new subclass ( a , b ) ” .
But there ’s a lot of scaffolding there .
It really needs some good syntactic sugar .
From what I ’ve read they ’re trying to rectify this in the new version of javascript being developed .
I can only hope they also fix the other 2 problems .
Addendum
[ Mon Mar 6 01:09:49 PST 2006 ]
Thanks to a comment from Pasha I ’ve been experimenting with a different way of working around problem # 2 using a the apply ( ) function :
function wrap ( context , f ) { return function ( ) { f.apply ( context , arguments ) ; } ; }
Usage :
div.onclick = wrap ( this , function ( ) { ... } ) ;
I ’m liking this better than my previous work around , the “ var me=this ” closure variable trick .
It ’s better because it actually makes “ this ” be correct and so the inner code does n’t have to use a different variable name .
The downside is you have to pass “ this ” into the wrap ( ) function — it would be better if it could climb up the call chain and get “ this ” out of whatever context came before it .
Acid2 Browser Test
Acid2 is a test page , written to help browser vendors ensure proper support for web standards in their products .
Please take the Acid2 test !
If you ’d like more in - depth information about the Acid2 test , we ’ve provided a detailed technical guide that explains how the test works .
Note : Some 827 people ( rough estimate , contents may have settled during shipping ) have written to point out that the CSS used in the test is invalid .
This is deliberate , as a means of exposing the ability of user agents to handle invalid CSS properly .
Note :
When taking the test , you should use the default settings of the browser you are testing .
Changing the zoom level , minimum font size , applying a fit - to - width algorithm , or making other changes may alter the rendition of the Acid2 page without this constituting a failure in compliance .
( Added 21 July 2006 )
Google is now offering a new glimpse at exactly how their spider views your Website .
Try this :
1. Login to your Google account ( AdWords , Gmail or Analytics )
2. Enter your Website URL at the bottom of this page .
3. Verify your Website by creating a uniquely - named , but empty HTML file and uploading it to your server .
Click on the “ verify ” link to view instructions on how to do this .
More info about verifying your site .
4. Click the “ View stats ” link
So what exactly can you find out ?
The most popular queries that your Website shows up for
The top queries from which you get clickthroughs
Crawl statistics :
Pages succesfully crawled , pages blocked by robots .
txt , pages that generated HTTP errors or were unreachable
The PageRank distribution within your site
Various indexing stats ( pages indexed , etc. )
This is an awesome troubleshooting tool for all Webmasters , and something that hopefully the other search engines will copy soon .
ooblick.com Lesbian bondage fiasco .
How Not to Embarrass Yourself in an Argument With an Atheist
Copyright © 1996 Andrew Arensburger
[ This section is provided as a public service .
Feel free to distribute freely , so long as you give me credit for it . ]
Judging by the number of people on the streets preaching the gospel of Jesus , there seems to be a fair amount of interest in converting people to Christianity .
In light of this , it is interesting that any number of other religions still exist ; Christianity is not universally accepted as the One True Faith .
Why is this ?
I suspect that the answer lies , at least in part , in the fact that many Christians find the tenets of their faith so blindingly obvious that they have trouble " stepping outside , " so to speak , to see what their arguments look like to non-believers .
Imagine that you are at a party one evening , and it turns out that one of the guests does n't believe that the sun rises in the morning .
How do you convince him ?
Of course the sun rises !
But it 's so obvious that it 's hard to prove .
You could say , ``the Earth rotates , so that the sun appears to rise above the horizon . ''
Is that a better or a worse argument than ` `I 've seen the sun rise many times '' ?
It 's as plain as the nose on your face , but just like your nose , you might need a mirror to see it .
Fortunately , for religious arguments , there is a simple technique : take your original argument , substitute some other faith , and see how convincing it sounds to you .
Let 's take , for example , the argument that ``Millions have found purpose in life through Jesus .
Their lives have been enriched beyond measure by the Bible . ''
This is undoubtedly true , but just how convincing is it to someone who is n't already a Christian ?
To find out , let 's turn it around : ``Millions have found purpose in life through the prophet Mohammed .
Their lives have been enriched beyond measure by the Koran . ''
Now raise your hand if you 've just had a sudden urge to convert to Islam .
I said , raise your hand if ... anyone ?
No? Hmmm ...
All right , what about `` The Bible is thousands of years old .
There must be something to it , for it to have survived that long ! ''
Once again , let 's turn that around : `` The Tao Te Ching is 2500 years old .
There must be something to it , for it to have survived that long ! ''
Does n't really want to make you want to rush out and become a Taoist , does it ?
And what about that hoary old chestnut , Pascal 's wager ?
For those who are n't familiar with it , it goes like this : we do n't know whether God exists or not , so you have two choices : to worship God or not .
If you worship God , then either He exists and you win eternal life , or He does n't and you have n't lost anything .
If you do n't , then either God exists and you lose big time , or He does n't , and it does n't matter .
Hence , if you worship God , then you can't lose ; if you do n't , you can't win .
One of the problems with this argument is that it does n't specify any particular religion .
This argument applies equally well to Jesus , Allah and Krishna , not to mention Odin , Zeus and Pirun .
How does it convince someone to become a Christian , and not a Jew or a Buddhist ?
Also , do n't forget that atheists do n't believe that the Bible is divinely inspired , since they do n't believe in God in the first place .
So any argument based on the assumption that the Bible is the word of God is going to fall flat .
For example , `` The Bible contains many examples of prophecies that came true .
Surely , this means that it is of supernatural , if not divine , origin ' ' might become `` The Lord of the Rings predicts several events , such as the death of Boromir , the reapparance of Gandalf , and Aragorn 's ascension to the throne , which later come true .
Surely it must be of supernatural origin . ''
Likewise , ``Jesus loves you and wants you to be happy '' is as convincing to a non-Christian as ``Barney loves you and wants you to be happy . ''
Now , how about a counterexample ?
One show on National Public Radio featured a doctor who had written a book on the healing power of prayer .
He described a number of studies , at least one of which was written up the highly - respected New England Journal of Medicine , that showed that patients who were prayed for tended to do better on average than ones who were n't .
He said that the researchers had specifically considered psychosomatic effects : in one such study , the first names of half of the patients were given to organizations that pray for patients ; neither the doctors nor nurses knew which of their patients were being prayed for , and the people doing the praying did not know anything about the people they were praying for .
And yet , the group that was prayed for did better than the control group .
In fact , the radio guest added , this effect is not limited to people : if people prayed for a specific bacterial culture , that culture would tend to grow faster than one that was n't prayed for .
If you turn this around , say by replacing ``praying for Bob ' ' with ``standing on one foot and writing ` Bob ' on a piece of paper , '' and assuming that the facts check out , then this still remains a good argument .
It may not make you want to run out and convert , but the next time you 're sick , you might at least want to think about asking someone to stand on one foot and write your name on a piece of paper .
See also Ebon Muse 's How Not to Convert an Atheist .
One Change empowers people to believe that simple actions matter and encourages smart choices and better behaviours .
One Change engages people on the doorstep in communities across North America .
One Change messages get attention and mobilize communities to make measurable changes
New here ?
You may want updates via email or RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
Note :
This is a substantial re-write of an article I first published more than twelve years ago .
( Yikes , I 'm old ! )
I 've opted to keep some of the older comments if they had good suggestions .
Earlier this week , I wrote about my quest for quality pajamas .
I recently paid $ 80 to purchase a pair from Filson , a company I trust for well - made goods .
It 's my hope that these will be the last pair of pajamas that I ever purchase .
My goal was to “ buy it for life ” .
This experience reminded me of two other companies that I love for their top - notch stuff .
The first is a company called Best Made , which aims to make and sell “ the finest , most beautiful and useful products made by any company anywhere ” .
And they do .
Best Made offers an esoteric collection of clothing and household items , all of which offer quality reminiscent of your grandmother 's era .
The catch ?
The quality comes at a higher cost .
Or there 's the Portland - based Schoolhouse company ( formerly Schoolhouse Electric ) , which makes and sells a variety of lighting , hardware , and furniture for the home .
I 've purchased a few things from Schoolhouse over the years , and I 've been blown away by the quality .
The items were expensive up front and I was hesitant to purchase them , but my reservations have vanished with time and usage .
The blanket covering my feet at this very moment , for example , cost $ 250 ( I think ) but will last the rest of my life .
Here 's something I 've learned over the past fifteen years :
One way to practice financial prudence while living the good life is to buy quality products , products that are a pleasure to use , products that will last a lifetime ( or at least a decade ) .
Today , let 's talk a little about choosing quality over price .
Let 's talk about the “ buy it for life ” philosophy .
How to Find the Good Stuff
The first challenge is to figure out how to find the good stuff .
When you 're ready to make a purchase , how can you know which items are quality and which are run of the mill ?
Sometimes you 'll know which company offers a high - quality version of whatever it is you need to buy , either from personal experience or from paying attention to friends and family .
Or , if you do n't know off the top of your head , you know whom to ask for more information .
If I wanted to buy audio gear , for instance , I 'd ask my brother .
He 's an audiophile and could steer me in the right direction .
Most of the time , however , you 'll have to do some research .
When it comes time for me to make a major purchase , the first resource I turn to is Consumer Reports .
I 've been a CR subscriber on and off since I graduated from college in 1991 .
I trust their reviews , especially the comprehensive evaluations online .
( The magazine does n't have room to go into depth . )
When Kim and I bought our country cottage , for instance , I used Consumer Reports to figure out which tools to purchase for the yard and garden .
( I ended up choosing an EGO electric mower , along with the company 's string trimmer and hedge trimmer . )
For smaller items , I use Amazon to guide my decisions .
Deciphering Amazon reviews is something of an art .
I make sure to always read the one - star reviews in order to learn if there 's anything drastically wrong with a product .
I 've also devised my own rough guide to parsing Amazon reviews :
Five stars is equivalent to an A .
Four and a half stars is the same as a B .
Four stars is roughly a C . ( From my experience , most Amazon items earn four stars . )
Three and a half stars is a D .
I try not to purchase anything rated this low but sometimes there 's no alternative .
Three stars and below is the same as an F .
I never purchase products rated three stars or below .
One final resource for finding quality products is the /r/ BuyItForLife forum on Reddit .
/r/BIFL allows users to share items they own that are durable , practical , proven , and built to last .
Here 's the /r/ BIFL compilation of kitchen essentials , for instance .
You can find more lists like that in the /r / BIFL sidebar .
One GRS reader recently noted that choosing quality over price is a luxury reserved for the rich .
People who are struggling to get by are often forced to take the cheapest option , even if it costs more in the long run .
That 's an interesting observation .
Where to Buy It for Life
Over the past decade or so , I 've compiled a mental list of companies that I feel sell wonderful products .
Below is a list of a few of my favorites .
( Most of these are clothing companies , for some reason .
Maybe because I buy clothes more often than , say , furniture ? )
This list is n't intended to be comprehensive .
These are the companies I know and have used in the past .
I 'm sure I 've left out plenty of fine places .
If there 's a firm you feel ought to be included in this list , let me know in the comments .
I had lunch with my cousin yesterday .
When I told him I was writing this article , he shared his experience looking for quality clothing .
He recently lost a lot of weight and had to replace his entire wardrobe .
“ I can afford to buy things new , ” Nick told me , “ but I do n't like to pay that much .
I 've been shopping at thrift stores to find the same stuff for much less .
And you know what ?
I really do think the famous name brands do tend to have better quality . ”
( Nick is like the anti-consumer , so this observation means something coming from him . )
See also :
How to shop at thrift stores for quality clothing over at The Luxe Strategist .
The Good Stuff ( According to GRS Readers )
As I was preparing this piece , it occurred to me that I ought to ask folks on Facebook and Twitter where they go to find the good stuff .
When do they choose to “ buy it for life ” ?
I received a lot of responses !
Some people offered suggestions on how to buy it life .
Here , from the GRS Facebook group , are three top tips :
Jacob from Early Retirement Extreme had some good advice for determining whether any given item is considered quality by the people who own it : Check eBay to see if it 's retained its value .
I took the time to sift through the roughly one hundred replies I received on social media .
While this was by no means a scientific survey , the responses were interesting .
First , it 's clear that people are willing to pay a premium for certain classes of products .
I was shocked by the number of people praising footwear .
We all want comfortable , quality shoes , and when we find them , we remain loyal to the companies who provide them .
I love my Timberlands , for instance , but others are willing to pay extra for Dr. Martens or Merrell .
Keen was the most - recommended shoe company in my survey .
Some smaller shoe companies like Trask and Samuel Hubbard received rave reviews .
( A few folks mentioned socks , specifically Bombas and Darn Tough . )
Sleep is also important .
Some people recommended pillows or sheets , but most focused on their mattress .
Tempur - Pedic garnered the most mentions .
( When we moved in together , Kim and I shopped for a high - quality mattress .
I think we chose Tempur - Pedic also , but I 'm not willing to strip the bedding to find out . )
People are also willing to pay more to ease life in the kitchen .
Several people raved about their Vitamix blenders .
Mostly , though , folks mentioned their knives .
I own ( and love ) a chef 's knife from Shun , as do a couple of other readers .
Others , like my ex-wife , prefer Henckel knives .
Justin from Root of Good offered an awesome alternative .
His family buys Kiwi knives from Thailand at $ 3 or $ 4 each .
( They go for $ 9 on Amazon , which is still a great deal . )
All knife lovers agree on one thing :
The best way to make your life easier is to sharpen your blades !
Several women , including my girlfriend , told me they 're willing to pay a premium for high - quality cosmetics .
But each person cited a different brand of cosmetics that they 're loyal to .
Because I 'm a boy and know nothing about this stuff , I 'm not going to link to any one company .
( But you can in the comments below . )
Lastly , outdoor gear proved popular in my poll .
Many people like Arc'teryx ( a brand I 've never tried ) .
Others praised Patagonia or REI or L.L. Bean .
Some readers zeroed in on very specific items .
Whitney Hansen , the Money Nerd , likes a particular “ adventure blanket ” .
Long - time reader Tyler K says Benjamin Moore paints are so amazing that he 'll never buy paint from a hardware store again .
Another reader recommended Casio G - Shock watches .
Several people were fans of Hydro Flask .
( Me too !
I own three of their water bottles and think they 're amazing . )
And a lot of people seem to think Otter Box phone cases are essential .
But can you guess the number - one company that GRS readers turn to for quality products ?
It 's the biggest tech company in the world : Apple .
Apple did n't used to be known for quality .
( In fact , their quality was crap twenty years ago . )
Now , though , things have changed .
Apple quality has won converts like me — and you .
Finally , several people mentioned that they do their best to buy products with lifetime warranties .
Then , if they break or something goes wrong , they can get a replacement .
( Leah Ingram maintains a list of companies with lifetime warranties . )
By purchasing items with a lifetime warranty , you 're making certain that “ buy it for life ” is literal , not figurative !
Quality Is Part of a Rich Life
One follower on Twitter took me to task for tackling this topic .
He believes that talking about spending more to purchase quality items is tantamount to encouraging consumerism .
Like I said the other day , I do sometimes worry that this sort of thing crosses the line to lifestyle inflation .
Most of the time , however , I think choosing quality is a smart financial decision .
Meanwhile , Liz from Frugalwoods has written in the past that the “ buy it for life ” philosophy can be problematic .
If you 're buying the best of everything , that 's an issue .
You should only buy the best when thing your buying is an important part of your lifestyle .
( Why spend a ton on something you rarely use ? )
And what about changing fashion and priorities ?
I believe that buying well - made things , things that “ spark joy ” when used , is part of living a Rich Life .
Most of us do n't aim to be ascetics .
We 're not frugal for the sake of frugality .
We 've scrimped and saved and worked hard to build wealth precisely so that we can spend money on products that make our lives easier and / or more enjoyable .
There 's nothing wrong with that .
There ’s a lot of news out there about the Novel Coronavirus .
How do you sift through it all to find the most reliable information ?
ASU researchers give a few quick tips on how to make sure you ’re getting the most accurate news during this time .
Seven ways to protect yourself against misinformation
Disinformation in the media : A Q&A with Dan Gillmor and Kristy Roschke The ASU News Co / Lab helps people juggle the relentless stream of information that bombards us daily and become smarter media consumers .
By improving media literacy , they hope to stem the spread of disinformation .
Disinformation and democracy : A Q&A with Scott Ruston Disinformation increases social divisions and undermines our democracy .
ASU Research Scientist Scott Ruston says that defending ourselves against this willful deception is part of our civic duty — and explains how to do so .
How to defend against fake news | ASU KEDtalk
There 's an insidious threat that seeks to divide the nation and undermine our faith in democracy — disinformation .
ASU researcher Scott Ruston offers tips on how to defend yourself .
I snapped this book up as soon as I saw it .
I love the idea of memes , which Richard Dawkins introduced in The Selfish Gene , and which Lynch says he independently invented .
And who would n't ?
The notion that ideas can reproduce -- like genes -- not for our benefit but for theirs is simultaneously chilling and fascinating , and I was eager to see what twenty years of thought on the subject had produced
Very little , it turns out .
Lynch 's book is deeply disappointing ; what memetics has chiefly generated is a new way to blather about society , sex , and politics , without rigor and without the slightest need to make sense .
Lynch worries a bit in the introduction about this reaction ; he pleads for a little patience -- he wants to show what sort of exciting ideas memetics can come up with , not get bogged down in factual nitpicking .
What he does n't see is that the real problem is not just that he gets facts wrong .
It 's that he 's developed memetics into a scheme for generating factless scenarios .
By excluding rigorous analysis , testing , and verification from his methodology , he 's simply refined an ability to tell just - so stories about social behaviors .
Generally you can take Lynch 's stories , and with further analysis come to completely opposite conclusions .
What this should tell us is that this sort of memetics has no value at all , except to reinforce our prejudices with what sounds like science .
I 'll give some examples -- many , many examples -- and then offer some thoughts on why memetics has caught on despite its essential vacuousness .
The citations in blue italics below are from Lynch 's book , at the page numbers specified .
The boldfacing is mine , to indicate topics discussed .
Although men can sometimes pass their genes along by copulating with and deserting women , they never pass their memes along this way . ( 48 )
They do n't ?
Not even by infecting the mother with them ?
Is n't it , for instance , a fairly effective way to pass on the meme for lovin ' and leavin ' women ?
Polygyny memes fare much worse at proselytism .
When men look for a mate , they prefer to see competing men take as few women as possible .
So regardless of how many wives they want for themselves , they would rather tell unrelated men to limit themselves to one . ( 49 )
Odd , then , how polygyny spread so successfully in Africa , in the Islamic world , and China .
Would polygynous men really feel a motivation to keep their ideals to themselves ?
In general it pays to have your own ideas spread ; the propagation burden is spread out , and you wo n't get persecuted .
Ask the Mormons how well polygyny worked as a minority belief .
And in this particular case , a polygynist would want others to share his beliefs -- most importantly , he 's not going to get extra wives if the women 's fathers and brothers -- and the women themselves -- do n't accept polygyny .
The dolls [ representing heroes ] help boys fantasize about going out in the world and conquering , a role that broadly resembles what they must do to attract a mate and provide for children later on . ( 57 )
In what way does farming or factory or office work resemble " conquering " ?
And how exactly does going " kapow ! you 're dead " with an action figure resemble attracting a mate ?
And while we 're at it , when historically did boys start playing with hero dolls ?
Prominent examples ... are the personality memes of ' girlish helplessness ' and ' manly responsibility . ' ( 61 )
I hope Dave Sim never reads the exposition that follows -- not least because it never occurs to Lynch that our society is also filled with memes of womanly practicality and manly irresponsibility .
If ... the [ gay rights ] movement lets most homosexually inclined people live homosexual lives , their average fertility rate comes thundering down ...
Progay beliefs replicate less proselytically at that point .... the movement dwindles , especially when the life span of prior adherents has passed . ( 83 )
Lynch is predicting a cycle of tolerance and oppression of gays .
Is there any evidence that such a cycle exists ?
The existence of homosexuality is a challenge for both memetics and genetics ; it seems so obviously a counter - reproductive strategy .
Lynch does n't really do worse than the evolutionary biologists here ; but he does n't do any better , either .
The fact that homosexuality is so widespread , and is found in the animal kingdom as well , suggests that any prediction that homosexuality will decline is probably wrong .
Frankly , the scientific , unbiased study of homosexuality is so new that pundits should probably drop the subject for a generation .
People 's thoughts are still too full of moralisms , stereotypes , false assumptions , and cultural baggage -- we do n't even know what the facts are , much less what the explanations are .
We do n't know if there 's a " gay gene " , or a spectrum of orientations ; we can't agree on who is a homosexual ; we have too little experience with " progay beliefs " to predict their future .
The weak point in many a genetic or memetic analysis of homosexuality , I think , is the assumption that it discourages reproduction .
It sure seems like it would , does n't it ?
And yet in the real world , gays and lesbians often have children .
The theorists forget that humans indulge in a whole lot more sex than childbirth .
For the species to reproduce , each of us needs to have an average of one viable offspring .
That 's nothing compared to the thousands of times we 're going to have sex .
Historically , most gays and lesbians ( whatever exactly it means to project these categories into the past ) were probably required to participate in heterosexual marriages , and reproduced about as well as hets .
And today , you can hardly fling a brick in the lesbian subculture without injuring a lesbian mother .
And the natural father may well be a gay friend .... whose partner , an older bear , has a couple of children from a previous marriage ...
The discussion of " proselytizing " gays is also rather disturbing .
I do n't know any gay friends who were talked into becoming gay .
They describe it as discovering or realizing something about themselves .
Actively proselytizing men also try harder with attractive partners , so one expects disproportionate fractions of both attractive men living homosexual lives and attractive women living heterosexual lives .
After the effect causes selective depletion , remaining populations of actively heterosexual men and homosexual women should contain proportionately fewer attractive people -- at least to men's eyes . " ( 85 )
Oh . My. God .
Lynch is apparentely saying that dykes are ugly ( and gay men are beautiful ) , and explaining why .
Argh !
Does he know any lesbians ?
It 's just sad to see someone coming up with a pseudo - scientific basis to locker - room b.s .
We had might as well wonder why , if men like attractive women , we do n't end up with all women being attractive .
It may help to remember Lake Wobegon , where all the children are above average ...
Half of all women must , by definition , be of less than average attractiveness .
If the cuter half reproduces more ( and the reader might , for practice , come up with an argument or two why this might not happen ) , then the standard of cuteness will get more rigorous , leaving half the female population still below average .
What does all that have to do with sexual orientation ?
Nothing at all , very likely .
Men cannot conspire to keep all the hot women heterosexual any more than they can conspire to make all women attractive .
Furthermore , looking good ( itself a cultural construct ) is only one factor in choice of mate , even for men ; class is surely many times more important .
Although hips much wider than waist are also distinctively female , they make subtler candidates [ than breasts ] for fetish fashion statements and take more words to describe . ( 85 )
Then why did ancient societies have a hip fetish ?
Jeez , for this guy life is 20C America .
So women 's body - fat percentage now correlates with their age ...
By thus favoring young women , the lean - partner preference out replicates the fat - partner preference in modern , well - fed societies . ( 87 )
But young women ( and young people in general ) are increasingly fat today !
The masturbation taboo earlier illustrated quantity parental replication .
Taboo adherents [ were pressured toward ] more frequent vaginal sex . ( 90 )
And so on , a whole paragraph which fails to confront the fact that this taboo is a spectacular failure .
Do all the benefits Lynch claim for the taboo have any relevance if it is not in fact observed ?
The memes against birth control ... offer the clearest examples of the quantity parental effect .
By raising extra babies , followers of these memes can outpopulate nonhosts across various times and places . ( 91 )
Lynch has forgotten Ecology 101 .
Why do n't all animals follow the rabbit strategy ?
Because increased parental investment is often a better strategy than increased fertility .
This error -- the notion that populations with high birth rates will outreproduce those that use birth control -- undermines Niven & Pournelle 's The Mote in God 's Eye as well .
Reality , as usual , is more complicated .
High birth rates almost invariably correlate with high death rates ... and with some shocking attitudes toward human life .
Read Marvin Harris on what happened before effective birth control .
Executive summary : untrammeled reproduction was never a good strategy , except for populating new territories .
What people have always done , as opposed to what Lynch and Niven think they should do , is control their fertility , by hook or by crook -- to the point of widespread infanticide , if safe abortion is not possible .
Memes specifying vaginal intercourse for all sex also gain moral prevalence by making adherents have children .
Memes directly forbidding oral and anal intercourse increase the reproductive advantage still more by eliminating shades of doubt about how to act . ( 93 )
Or perhaps they decrease the reproductive advantage by making sex less fun and thus less frequent .
Or perhaps oral and anal sex were understandably deprecated in times of poor hygiene .
This failure to consider alternative effects really ruins memetics as science .
Instead of being a tool for telling us what can happen to an idea and what ideas will prevail , it becomes a crutch for moralism , a tool -- rather like deconstructionism -- for offering facile , factless explanations of why things are as they are .
An indicator of its historical force , the taboo against sex talk apparently affects the wording of the standard marriage vows . ( 94 )
When Lynch does show an awareness of history , he still forgets to check what 's actually in it .
Here , he might discover that this particular taboo is rather modern ; a few centuries ago , C.S. Lewis reminds us , a quite respectable woman could speak in ways that only a " completely abandoned " one could in later times .
Almost any belief in a powerful spirit motivates conversion of family and friends . ( 98 )
Does it ?
Some beliefs do n't proselytize much .
And perhaps some beliefs are like systems for beating the lottery -- best kept to oneself .
While we 're at it , once a system of belief has spread throughout society , there is n't much point in proselytism ; so would n't the memes for proselytism disappear through non-use ?
( Genes can be stored unused for future activation ; but the most useless parts of a belief system are going to be subject to erosion . )
In two of the simplest examples of self - propagating faith , the Genesis commandments to " Be fruitful and multiply " and " Populate the earth abundantly and multiply in it " stimulate their own proliferation .... 10,000 years ago : ... New terms like add and multiply enter the lexicon .
( 100 )
Lynch is attempting to tie these Biblical phrases to the development of accounting .
Oh my .
A quick glance at the concordance shows that the verb in the Hebrew is râbâh , a primitive root meaning " increase " or " grow " ; it 's translated by many English words , including enlarge , excel , exceeding , full of , be great , grow up , heap , increase , be long , much , multiply , nourish , plenty .
This is only the silliest link in a long chain of reasoning whose chief characteristic is its unreality .
Do people need the encouragement of memes to reproduce ?
Did n't our genes take care of that adequately ?
Historically , given such factors as the lack of birth control , have ideologies favoring reproduction had any effect at all on fertility ?
About the only supporting argument you could make is to drag in the Amish , who carry on a pre-modern reproductive rate into modern times , and thus have increased their numbers tenfold in the last century .
That might be an effective strategy for them today , but in previous centuries it would arguably have had no effect at all : lots of childbearing was countered by lots of infant and child mortality , and belief probably had little to do with either rate .
By the way , some relevant factoids ( from Salon , I think ) : China has 118 boys for every 100 girls under age 5 ; in the northern states of India , the boy to girl birth ratio is 1.25 to 1 .
What 's happening to the girls ?
Abortion and infanticide .
If any population in the world should be the playground of high - fertility memes , it 's these two most populous countries in the world .
Yet they turn out to be dominated by some pretty strong anti-fertility memes .
Some deep reflection on this fact would keep Lynch ( and others ) from making some very foolish statements about which fertility - related genes and memes will prosper best .
And the call for a weekly Lord 's day sets aside time to spread and preserve the faith .
( 102 )
This in a discussion of the Ten Commandments , the foundation of a non-proselytizing religion .
But besides that : has any sect anywhere dedicated the sabbath to evangelism ?
The specific commandment against adultery likewise flourishes through parental transmission .
By preventing broken families and absentee parenthood , the taboo improves its own retransmission ... " ( 103 ; emphasis mine )
Surely we can do better than this level of analysis : the existence of a law implies its fulfilment ?
You could better argue the reverse .
( Who has more abortions , the US or Sweden ? )
Laws against eating shellfish , pork , and other parasite - laden animals may reduce morality rates , thus propagating the movement .
( 105 )
So , cows have no diseases ?
Apparently Lynch is not even aware of Marvin Harris 's competing , and more plausible , explanations .
( Harris , in fact , is a pioneer in explaining beliefs as not arbitrary signs of culture but fomentors of ecological health -- and doing hard research to see if his explanations hold water .
It 's what memetics should be like . )
On the congregation level , ' Love your neighbor ' can help prevent dropouts .
By suppressing serious conflict , the meme stops churches from splitting up and members from going away mad .
( 109 )
Jeez , Lynch , you do n't know anyting at all about churches , do you ?
Churches roil with conflict -- and do split up , the members dispersing angrily .
The same thing happens in the movements of the far Left , which does n't have this meme , except perhaps in the attentuated form that the workers are all brothers .
I think there 's a lesson about ideologically saturated people there ... but it's not that " Love your neighbor " causes love .
Crosses that graphically depict a dying Jesus work especially well at reminding believers of the immense sacrifice the Savior made for them ...
Crosses and cross -display memes thus become the most common signs of Christianity around the world .
( 111 )
Typical shallowness ; Lynch seizes on anything that seems to point his way , ignoring the complications and contradictions .
E.g. Catholics put Jesus on their crosses ; Evangelicals -- who are much more interested in proselytism -- do not .
It 's also rather naive to expect that an explicit or transparent symbol works " especially well " .
He 'll have trouble , for instance , when he tries to explain why the second - most popular sign of Christianity is the fish .
( Is there a semiotician in the house ? )
The battle casualties also threaten the well - being of war widows and their children .
Islam limits these secondary losses by allowing each man to have up to four wives .
This keeps the women fed and bearing children while saving youngsters from orphanhood .
( 128 )
Well , unless the polygamist dies , at which point polygamy would multiply the suffering caused by a death in battle .
Is there any tradition in Muslim society of remarrying war widows ?
Do more warlike Muslim nations have more polygamy ?
Is the effect even noticeable , when the vast majority of Muslim men are too poor to afford multiple wives ?
Yet the very phonomenon of evolution by natural selection easily propels religions past the minor challenges raised by scientific ideas .
Even evolutionism loses popular ground to divine creationism in modern times .
( 133 )
Shamefully , Lynch finishes a full chapter on religion without once mentioning atheism .
It 's a skanky idea - analysis that wo n't shine the spotlight on the wielder 's own ideas .
One of the actual insights of memetics is that a meme complex will act to discourage conversion to competing ideas .
Religions teach that the practitioners of other religions are going to hell and that to question doctrine is a sin-- or , more cleverly and just as effectively , that they already incorporate any truth found in other religions .
Communism teaches that all other belief systems are " ideologies " ... a technical term meaning that they 're diseased and incorrect .
And atheism fits right into the mold : atheists believe that all religions are false , and that people are foolish or evil to believe in them .
Breast - feeding has a natural contraceptive effect ...
The biological mechanism provides birth spacing needed to prevent babies from starving under primitive conditions .
( 137 )
Lynch finally realizes that a factor besides high fertility might be important !
The proper thing would be to go back and rethink all those arguments that memes encouraging high fertility would propagate fastest .
The more often adherents diet , the more often they retransmit the memes .
By failing to change long - term habits , a dietary meme set can actually induce those episodes of recurrent dieting -- and recurrent meme dissemination .
The ' defective ' memes thereby grab a proselytic edge over more permanent weight - control methods .
( 139 )
This is one of Lynch 's few interesting insights !
This is one of the relatively few cases where it 's useful to talk about " memes " at all , as opposed to " good ideas " .
There is no mystery , after all , when ideas spread that are useful , or which are taken as such .
The interesting case is why false or useless ideas spread .
This is an example : memes for bad diets could spread better than memes for good ones , because they 're bad : because the same host can be reinfected , bad diet memes have more opportunity to propagate .
Still , I distrust Lynch so much by this point that I want proof even for his reasonable ideas .
Do false diets really spread better than effective ones ?
A false diet , after all , eventually provokes the " Oh no here it comes again " response .
And would n't the logic imply that bad solutions to problems should propagate better than good solutions , in general ?
So should n't we expect that , say , ineffective treatments for malaria should outpropagate the use of quinine ?
Should n't bad treatments for alcoholism outperform AA ?
Perhaps not .
There 's something to be said for better performance after all .
In humans , thought contagion gives viruses a unique set of obstacles and manipulation potentials that favor virulent forms of sexually transmitted disease .
This may well explain why STDs strike our own species so harshly .
( 146 )
Lynch needs to read Jared Diamond .
Biologically , one of the most striking facts about our species is its high population density .
And species with high population density are the ideal hosts for disease .
Those who use nootropics [ memory - enhancing drugs ] would presumably retain their memes longer than those who memetically reject the drugs .
In particular , they would remember their reasons for using nootropic drugs longer than those opposed to nootropics would remember their reasons .
( 152 )
Are you pulling our legs ?
Habit takes over when memory fails .
Or do you think teetotallers become alkies once they forget their reasons for not drinking ?
Explicit abortion taboos spread themselves through childbirth too .
Christians who specifically regarded abortion as sinful outreplicated Christians with the more permissive abortion memes .
( 165 )
Many of Lynch 's errors come from taking ideas at face value : e.g. an anti-abortion meme will discourage abortion .
He needs to start looking at what the memes make you do , not what they say .
The abortion rate is highest among Catholics -- that should tell him something .
If widespread abortion bans take hold again , then restored reproduction and proselytic vigor will again shift to the pro-choice side .
That , in turn , will lead back to renewed abortion rights and consequent trends back to banning abortion .
( 168 )
So Lynch is predicting an acceptance / rejection cycle on abortion .
It 's true that the legalization of abortion led to anti-abortion campaigns ; but I think Lynch is mistaking reaction for cyclical recurrence .
Abortion used to be too risky to be acceptable ; now it 's widespread .
This is merely part of an enormous change in human affairs : technology increasingly gives us the ability to control things that were once givens of the human condition .
This change is not going to go away due to mere storms in the ideosphere .
Two things will limit the anti-abortion movement : first , there are limits to how far anti-abortion memes can travel -- the religious right has become more visible , but not really larger .
And second , the anti-abortion forces are riddled with unadmitted defections anyway .
Besides , do societies really go on for centuries flip - flopping on such a highly charged issue ?
I think it 's a lot more likely that a near consensus will be achieved in the next century or so .
( Not necessarily in favor of abortion in its present form ; I suspect that contraception will become so easy that abortion will become a moot point .
And then , once it no longer matters , the battle could go either way . )
Since parents have enormous influence over a child 's primary and even secondary language , the Spanish language can replicate more often in Hispanic Americans than does the English language .
( 168 )
Only they do n't , and it does n't .
Once again Lynch does n't even make an effort to see if his mental eructations have any relation to reality .
In fact the biggest influence on a child 's primary language , as can be attested by generations of immigrants , is the child 's peers .
Spanish is losing ground to English among Latinos ; the main reason Spanish survives is that it 's continually refreshed by new waves of immigration .
Men whose memes lead them to death or to several years of foreign fighting can also have fewer children than their dovish counterparts .
( 170 )
Right , as shown by the WWII generation , which returned from several years of foreign fighting ... to have the biggest generation of children in American history .
Uh ...
Thought contagion theory can thus become a uniquely self - replicating belief system , and an object for its own discourse .
( 176 )
Ten More Myths of Zune , part two .
Myth 6 : Microsoft 's reputation for crushing competition will help the Zune .
Microsoft certainly built a reputation for cleaning up the markets it chose to enter .
However , as pointed out in The Microsoft Invincibility Myth , those past successes have been limited to software markets tied to the company ’s monopoly position with Windows .
Microsoft 's prior success with Windows conspicuously avoided direct competition , leveraged price advantages , and blazed new trails into virgin markets .
None of those factors will apply to the Zune .
As detailed in the Rise and Fall of Platforms , the Windows Price Paradox prevented any head to head competition in PC operating system software , allowing Microsoft to leisurely leverage the price advantages of commodity PC hardware against minority platforms such as the Amiga , the Macintosh , and Unix workstations from various vendors .
With the Zune , Microsoft can’t avoid direct competition , and has no price advantage ; it had to significantly lower the Zune ’s price just to match the iPod .
Further , there are lots of less expensive iPod models available , particularly when the large secondary market and refurbished models are included .
Microsoft 's past success with the PC involved opening up and developing new markets .
It did n't have to push the Mac out of corporate cubes to establish Windows ; there simply were no existing computers in many of the markets Microsoft pioneered .
With the Zune , Microsoft is n't blazing into virgin , uncharted territory .
It faces very entrenched competition , not only with the iPod , but a variety of other players who are not excited to lose their existing share of the market : Sony 's Walkman , SanDisk 's Sansa , Creative 's Zen , and all the other WMA hardware vendors .
The Secret Failures of Microsoft demonstrated how the company simply does not perform well with direct competition , and particularly in consumer electronics .
If anything , Microsoft 's past efforts to destroy competitors will embolden its own partners to distance themselves from PlaysForSure .
SanDisk has already aligned its second place Sansa player with a partnership of Real 's Rhapsody music service and Best Buy retail stores .
While this treo of also - rans certainly is n't likely to take the world by storm , it signals the dissatisfaction of PlaysForSure partners who have realized that joining forces with Microsoft is like offering to help Hannibal Lecter get dinner ready .
Myth 7 : Zune only competes against the iPod , not PlaysForSure Players
Microsoft is trying to spin the idea that the Zune is only competing against the iPod , not devices tethered to its PlaysForSure WMA partnerships .
Conceptually , PlaysForSure and Zune will peacefully coexist as iPod Killers , bound in a non-competing pact against Apple .
Despite the focus on Zune , Microsoft is still hosting the PlaysForSure website , which not only features the discontinued Dell Ditty ( oops ! ) but optimistically proclaims : " Choose your device .
Choose your music .
Know it 's going to work . "
Ugg !
What a punch in the gut for both partners and customers who believed that line .
As an American President said , " Fool me once , shame on ... shame on you .
Fool me ... you ca n't get fooled again . "
Apparently Microsoft thinks the world is dumb enough to fall for another " OS / 2 is the future of Windows " campaign , running in parallel with efforts to kill OS / 2 .
Those with a basic grasp of history remember that Microsoft led software developers into supporting its IBM partnership on OS / 2 while also continuing work on the rival Win32 platform .
Once it no longer needed IBM , Microsoft dumped its partner , as well as all the vendors who had been developing applications for OS / 2 .
That ensured the only Windows applications available at launch were Microsoft 's own Word and Excel .
HA HA !
Of course , neither Microsoft nor its parters can decide what the public will buy .
As explained in the first 10 iPod vs Zune Myths , companies do n't get to pick and choose what the market is going to do , they have to play their cards and see how the game falls .
Back in Jan 2004 , when Apple had a 31 % share of the music player market with the original iPod , it attempted to take on lower - end flash players with a smaller hard disk player , the iPod mini .
This worked out for Apple , but it was a big risk : the mini could easily have eaten into full size iPod sales rather than taking on rival flash players .
Apple risked a similar play with the Shuffle .
Would it expand iPod market share , or simply cannibalize mini sales ?
Apple managed to play its cards right by clearly differentiating the various models to create separate and distinct markets , even where the product lines naturally overlapped .
That being the case , why will Zune and the nearly identical Toshiba Gigabeat -- and all the other PlaysForSure players -- not compete over the same sale ?
Only because of Microsoft 's wishful thinking ?
Microsoft offers no differentiation at all between the new Zune and the existing PlaysForSure devices , other than breaking PlaysForSure compatibility .
Incompatibility is n't exactly a differentiating feature consumers demand .
The vocal minority of PC enthusiasts who are excited about the Zune were also the best hope of a target audience for all of the PlaysForSure manufacturers .
Myth 8 : Zune pioneers novel sharing features
Microsoft 's marketing suggests that wireless sharing is a novel concept .
It is n't , as MusicGremlin demonstrates ; Microsoft 's version is just neutered to the point of being non-functional .
The restriction to only play shared songs three times within three days means it really only allows users to share a link to a song , which is n’t novel at all .
Users can already share links to songs in far more efficient ways .
Apple introduced the iMix in the iTunes store some time ago , which allow users to put together a mix of songs that can be rated by other users and downloaded individually or as a set .
Mac users can also drag a playlist from iTunes to iWeb and then publish to .
Mac , which automatically builds a shared playlist for their blog , linked directly to the iTunes store .
The difference ?
Apple 's .
Mac costs around $ 80 / year , while Zune 's ForSureDo n’t subscription costs $ 180 a year .
That gives Apple ’s users an extra $ 100 windfall to buy whatever music they want .
Also , the music they choose wo n't explode at the end of the year .
Both iMixes and iWeb publishing make far more sense than trying to squirt a song over an ad hoc wireless session .
On the Zune , not only are squirts executed after three days , but they ca n’t be squirted to others , ending any potential for viral community squirting .
Myth 9 : Wireless networking is a good way to squirt songs
How much sense does wireless make in squirting songs ?
Consider that 802.11g
WiFi wireless boasts a speed of 54 Mbit / sec , with a real - world throughput of around 20 Mbit /sec .
That ’s more than 20 times slower than a normal dock sync using USB 2.0 ( 480 Mbit/sec ) .
WiFi is only about double the anemic top speed of USB 1.0 .
When the iPod premiered half a decade ago , it used Firewire , as opposed to the USB 1.0 in the Creative Nomad .
That made the iPod far faster to sync , and was a major differentiating feature that drove iPod sales .
Wireless is simply dog slow .
The reason the iPod does n't offer wireless sync is that it is n’t at all practical .
Music files are fairly big , and wireless speeds are still quite slow , particularly when compared to Firewire or USB 2.0 .
How Apple ’s iTV Media Strategy
Works made similar speed comparisons regarding the iTV , which will be much like an iPod with wireless , except that it has a much faster wireless speed , and its wireless radio is n’t constrained by battery life .
All the analysts speculating about who will introduce the first music player that wirelessly syncs to a computer , or which can download songs directly over the Internet , are simply ignorant of existing technologies .
They should know better ; none of this is a secret .
Look at these numbers , and consider if consumers would be happy squirting songs and ( gasp ) movies at 1/20 the speed of a dock sync .
I threw in the relative speed of cellular data networks to point out why iTunes is n't downloading from your mobile phone .
When is there going to be a wireless iPod ?
When there is a functional use for wireless ; song sharing is n't there yet .
Of course , there is already a wireless iPod : the Nike + iPod nano , which uses a wireless transmitter to talk to its shoe sensor and record data .
Recording a relatively slow stream of performance data makes sense over existing wireless technology , while squirting around songs -- which die after a short period of time -- simply does n't .
Myth 10 : From a Digg Zune fan : " a single song [ squirt ] takes about 7 seconds ( if not less ) and a full album about 30 seconds "
Of course , if a single song takes , in ideal conditions , x seconds , an album has to take around 10 times that long .
In reality , a single song takes around half a minute to squirt between Zunes , longer if it uses a higher bit rate .
Factor in the ridiculous interface for setting up a transfer , and theoretical Zune users would spend more time squirting songs than they 'd actually be able to listen to them .
After spending ten minutes ineffectually squirting at the girl , she 'll be gone and unlikely to call again .
One last , free squirt of a Myth : Plastic brown is a nice color .
No it 's not , and certainly not as delivered in the Zune .
Microsoft picked brown out of a list of trendy colors some fashion consultant picked for 2006 .
Remember how much success the Gap had in dressing up dotcom workers in international orange in 2000 ?
Bleah !
Picture warehouses of unsold orange capri pants and deck shoes .
And remember HP 's heavily marketed tattoos for its cobranded iPod ?
Probably not .
HP no doubt spent a lot of money in focus groups to determine what the cool kids were talking about , but that did n't fool anyone into thinking that printable stickers were the think to have .
Also , there 's nothing " ethnic " about plastic brown .
If I had a dollar for every " I want a Zune because I 'm not white , " comment I 've seen posted on Zune astroturf sites , I 'd have a career in race targeted marketing .
Nobody 's going to identify with the Zune 's plastic brown apart from , possibly , an Old Navy mannequin .
Anyone wanting to advertise their concern for Africa already has a color in mind : ( Product ) Red .
Does Microsoft really think people of color will be attracted to an inferior product because it is plastic brown ?
Oprah says no .
This Series
From the IEEE article Why Software Fails :
Last October , for instance , the giant British food retailer J Sainsbury had to write off its US $ 526 million investment in an automated supply - chain management system .
Merchandise was stuck in the company 's depots and warehouses and was not getting through to many of its stores .
Sainsbury was forced to hire about 3000 additional clerks to stock its shelves manually .
This is only one of the latest in a long , dismal history of [ software ] projects gone awry .
Most IT experts agree that such failures occur far more often than they should .
What 's more , the failures are universally unprejudiced : they happen in every country ; to large companies and small ; in commercial , nonprofit , and governmental organizations ; and without regard to status or reputation .
The business and societal costs of these failures -- in terms of wasted taxpayer and shareholder dollars as well as investments that can't be made -- are now well into the billions of dollars a year .
The problem only gets worse as IT grows ubiquitous .
This year , organizations and governments will spend an estimated $ 1 trillion on IT hardware , software , and services worldwide .
Of the IT projects that are initiated , from 5 to 15 percent will be abandoned before or shortly after delivery as hopelessly inadequate .
Many others will arrive late and over budget or require massive reworking .
Few IT projects , in other words , truly succeed .
From Rapid Development :
If Las Vegas sounds too tame for you , software might just be the right gamble .
Software projects include a glut of risks that would give Vegas oddsmakers nightmares .
The odds of a large project finishing on time are close to zero .
The odds of a large project being canceled are an even - money bet ( Jones 1991 ) .
In 1998 , Peat Marwick found that about 35 percent of 600 firms surveyed had at least one runaway software project ( Rothfeder 1988 ) .
The damage done by runaway software projects makes the Las Vegas prize fights look as tame as having high tea with the queen .
Allstate set out in 1982 to automate all of its office operations .
They set a 5 - year timetable and an $ 8 million budget .
Six years and $ 15 million later , Allstate set a new deadline and readjusted its sights on a new budget of $ 100 million .
In 1988 , Westpac Banking Corporation decided to redefine its information systems .
It set out on a 5 - year , $ 85 million project .
Three years later , after spending $ 150 million with little to show for it , Westpac cut its losses , canceled the project , and eliminated 500 development jobs ( Glass 1992 ) .
Even Vegas prize fights do n't get this bloody .
The history of software development is a tremendous success .
Just look around you for evidence of that .
But that success has a long , dark shadow that we do n't talk about very much : it 's littered with colossal failures .
What 's particularly disturbing is that the colossal failures keep recurring year after year .
The names and dollar amounts may change , but the story is otherwise the same .
Two recent examples are the Canadian gun registry and the FBI 's Virtual Case File system .
If you 're looking for more examples of colossal software project failure , you do n't have to look very far :
You'd think that the software development industry would have matured over the last ten years .
And it has :
The 10th edition of the annual CHAOS report from The Standish Group , which researches the reasons for IT project failure in the United States , indicates that project success rates have increased to 34 percent of all projects .
That 's more than a 100 - percent improvement from the success rate found in the first study in 1994 .
Asked for the chief reasons project success rates have improved , Standish Chairman Jim Johnson says , " The primary reason is the projects have gotten a lot smaller .
Doing projects with iterative processing as opposed to the waterfall method , which called for all project requirements to be defined up front , is a major step forward . "
The Standish Group has studied over 40,000 projects in 10 years to reach the findings .
Project failures have declined to 15 percent of all projects , a vast improvement over the 31 - percent failure rate reported in 1994 .
Projects meeting the " challenged " description -- meaning that they are over time , over budget and / or lacking critical features and requirements -- total 51 percent of all projects in the current survey .
Failing is OK .
Failing can even be desirable .
But you must learn from your failures , and that requires concerted postmortem introspection and analysis .
I 'd like to think that a large part of the statistical improvement cited above is attributable to sharp project managers and savvy developers who studied the first CHAOS report .
Once you know what the common pitfalls are , it 's easier to avoid them .
ARNO FRANK über GESCHÖPFE
: Schlafende Hunde
Wie es sich anfühlt , die Sau zu sein , die von „ Bild “ durchs Dorf getrieben wird
An dieser sonst so heiteren und lichten Stelle habe ich mir vor zwei Wochen die Freiheit genommen , ein eher trauriges und dunkles Erlebnis zu schildern , bei dem ich mir in einem buddhistischen Drittweltwinkel einmal nicht anders zu helfen wusste , als das Elend einer sterbenden Hündin eigenhändig und unsachgemäß zu beenden – es war gerade kein Veterinär mit humaner Todesspritze zur Hand , und Ein Herz für Tiere dürfte in Indien auch nicht allzu viele Leserinnen und Leser haben .
Die Geschichte eignete sich nicht als Thema für eine Schmunzelkolumne , also musste sie als Zumutung erzählt werden .
Am Tag der Veröffentlichung rief ein Reporter der Bild - Zeitung an , um mit mir ein wenig zu plaudern .
Nett klang er , jung und verständnisvoll .
Ob ich ihm denn nicht böse Post von Tierfreunden weiterleiten könne , die ich sicher schon bekommen hätte ?
Aber nein , das konnte ich nicht , weil taz - Leserbriefe eben taz - Leserbriefe und redaktionell nicht so gut in die Bild - Zeitung passen .
Tags darauf füllte die Geschichte eine halbe Seite der bundesweiten Bild , die täglich von fast 13 Millionen Menschen gelesen wird .
Weil ‘s aber bis dato keinen „ Wirbel um den Bericht eines taz - Autors “ gegeben hatte , machte Bild ihn eben selbst : Unter der Überschrift „ Das bizarre Protokoll einer Hunde - Tötung “ zitierte das Blatt aus meiner Kolumne , stellte eine phantasievolle Zeichnung der Hündin samt Welpen dazu , druckte mein Foto ab und veröffentlichte sowohl die Email - Adresse als auch die Telefonnummer der taz .
Nun bekam ich plötzlich sehr viele Leserbriefe von Bild - Lesern , die ganz gut in eine Kolumne passen , die davon handelt , wie es sich anfühlt , die Sau zu sein , die von Bild durchs Dorf getrieben wird .
Eine Sandra Schönberg beispielsweise schrieb mir : „ Das ist wohl mit das krankeste und verabscheuenswerteste was ich seit langem gelesen habe “ .
Sie spiele deshalb „ mit dem Gedanken , einen solchen Menschen mit Blut einzureiben und ihn mit meinen Tieren in einen engen Raum sperren zu wollen um so etwas wie Rache zu geniessen “ .
Eine Dame namens Ingrid Beyer - Schmidt findet , „ mit einer Entlassung von A. Frank wäre die taz gut beraten “ .
Mag sein .
Als Hedwig Wagenblast den Bild - Artikel las , „ erfasste mich ein Konglomerat von Entsetzen , Wut , Trauer usw . “ und schloss mit dem Fazit : „ Um zu einer solchen Tötung fähig zu sein , kann ich nur eine Unzurechnungsfähigkeit bestätigen “ .
Auch keine Mördergrube aus ihrem Herzen machte Cathleen Wiertzoch , die vor lauter Empörung folgenden stream of consciousness auf mich abfeuerte : „ sie sind so ein mieses SCHWEIN das meine wort wörtlichHunde behandelt haben sie sind einfach alle schimpfwörter die es gibt und die ich kenne und glauben sie mir ich kenne viele eigentlich besitzen sie gar nicht die würde das man sie Sie nennt “ .
Andere drückten mir aber auch ihre Hoffnungen aus : „ Ich hoffe von ganzem Herzen , dass Sie noch eine Millionen Mal elender krepieren als diese arme Hundeseele “ , und Klaus - Jörg Habermann befand , mein Handeln sei „ wie Mord an einer menschlichen Mutter mit ihrem Baby “ .
Eine Tina Post aus Ratingen schrieb : „ Ich wünsche mir , dass sie ( ...) so krank werden , dass Sie ihrem unnützen , perversen Dasein ein Ende bereiten “ .
Von eigener Hand ?
Das muss vielleicht gar nicht sein , wie mir Walter Keuhlhartz nahelegte : „ Ich gib dir mal folgenden Tip : Dreh dich öfters mal um , wenn Du im Dunkeln durch abgelegene Gassen gehst “ .
Danke für den Tipp , werde ich tun !
Damit mir nicht am Ende noch Doris Schnitgerhans auflauert , mich „ halb tot prügelt und danach ertränkt – vielleicht während ihre Kinder zusehen ? “ .
Aber womöglich erwischt mich „ Abschaum “ vorher noch „ der Krebs “ , wer weiß .
Jürgen Umhauer dagegen will mich „ Vollblut - Amateur “ lediglich verklagen , denn ich gehöre „ weckgesperrt in die Psychiatrie “ .
Nur eine gewisse Heidi Padberg zeigte Ansätze von Selbstkritik : „ Leider gehöre auch ich zu dieser ekelhaften Rasse ‘ Mensch ‘ , leider , leider .
Mein glücklichster
Tag wird sein , wenn Krieg ist und sich die Menschen gegenseitig abschlachten “ .
Meiner auch , Heidi , meiner auch .
Fotohinweis : ARNO FRANK GESCHÖPFE
Fragen an die Sau ?
kolumne@taz.de Morgen : Barbara Bollwahn ROTKÄPPCHEN
Wayback Machine
Go to the cache of the current page in the Wayback Machine .
archive.org is a digital library that periodically fetches and stores websites .
You can then see how a website looked at various points in the past using their Wayback Machine .
Installed size : 82 bytes Source code : - for examining or modifying the Wayback Machine bookmarklet .
Firefox : Yes Netscape : Yes Internet Explorer : Yes Opera : Yes Mozilla : Yes Safari : Yes Konqueror : Yes Browser compatability : Categories : Cache
Terrorism ’s Roots Lie in “ Rankism ”
By Robert W. Fuller
Acts of terror - and now , no one is exempt - elicit a phased response .
First , shock and horror , then pain and grief .
Then we seek to neutralize the perpetrators and defend against any recurrence of the crime .
Only later do we search for causes .
The search for causes of the attacks on the World Trade Center and Pentagon has now begun .
Explanations run the gamut from hate , ignorance , evil , poverty , injustice , and racism to America 's espousal of democracy and modernity , its Middle - East policy , and allegations that it abuses its preeminent status .
I would like to suggest a more precise cause , one that lies at the root of many of the credible causes of terror .
Whether in Colorado ( Columbine High School ) , Oklahoma City , or New York , or in Northern Ireland , the Middle East , or Russia , terrorism results from abrogations of human dignity traceable to the misuse of rank .
What does this mean and why does it matter ?
Dignity is not negotiable .
Insulting the dignity – of an individual , a group , or a nation - provokes indignation , an extreme manifestation of which is terrorism .
Dignity is invariably abrogated in the misuse of power .
Rank signifies power .
Therefore , the cause of indignity is rank misused .
The authority of rank is so commonly misused that some jump to the conclusion that rank itself is the problem and that the solution is simply to do away with it .
Such egalitarianism willfully ignores individual differences .
Moreover , leadership , as designated by rank , is essential to successful cooperation in a great range of organizations .
Faced with an external threat , a society either closes ranks or succumbs .
The trouble is not with rank per se , but with the abuse of rank .
When it is earned and used properly , rank is a valid and essential tool of modern life .
Authorities - parents , teachers , bosses , leaders , even nations – that use the power of rank in an exemplary way are admired and loved .
But those who use their rank to bully , exploit , or oppress , betray a sacred trust and sow seeds of indignity that ripen into resistance and revenge .
Revenge takes the form of vandalism , sabotage , violence , and war .
The twentieth century is replete with horrendous examples of the lengths to which individuals and nations will go to restore their pride and dignity .
That the victims may be innocent and their suffering undeserved , offers scant protection .
An individual , a group , or a people that has been discarded , disregarded , or disrespected , “ dissed ” or “ nobodied , ” in the vernacular – is a source of dangerous instability .
Once dignity has been insulted , the injury is either returned ( often in magnified form ) , passed on to someone of lower rank ( and therefore more vulnerable ) , or healed .
A feud between two parties trading indignities continues until it escalates into violence or until one of the parties finds a way to diffuse the tension by protecting the dignity of its antagonist as if it were its own .
This means ceasing to exploit the power differential inherent in differences of rank for personal or national aggrandizement .
This remedy works between individuals and races and it can work between cultures and states .
In the 1960s , facing ever more violent civil rights protests , we restored peace to the streets by identifying and eliminating the most egregious indignities of racism .
By analogy , ending terrorism requires identifying and eliminating the most flagrant indignities traceable to abuses of rank .
It is noteworthy that there is no word analogous to “ racism ” for the indignities of rank abuse .
The word “ racism ” directed us to the source of the systemic indignities that fueled black anger .
By analogy , the word “ rankism ” can point us to the origin of the indignities that induce those who suffer them to resist , protest , disrupt , and , in extremis , resort to heinous , terrorist acts .
While the terrorists themselves are an extremist minority , they could not exist without the support of sympathizers radicalized by rankism .
A generation ago , faced with a grave threat to the nation , we found evil not in the protestors , but in the racism that fueled their outrage .
We must , of course , pursue and neutralize known terrorists and defend against recurrences .
But to restore civility , we must also address the root cause of terrorism .
We must understand and overcome rankism .
Some weekend links on Darfur .
First : MySpace Announces Largest Philanthropic Program with Darfur Campaign
“ The crisis in Darfur is a global concern and as a global community we have a responsibility to take action , ” said Chris DeWolfe , CEO of MySpace .
“ MySpace ’s reach gives us an extraordinary opportunity to spread the word and empower individuals to help address the horrors in Darfur . ”
On Oct. 21 , more than 20 Rock For Darfur concerts will be held across North America in an effort to unite artists nationwide during one day of already - planned performances .
“ All bands involved in the Rock for Darfur event will donate portions of ticket proceeds to Oxfam ’s relief efforts in Sudan and neighboring Chad .
Bands participating in the Rock for Darfur campaign represent all genres including pop , rock , country and reggae and will be performing in all corners of the country . ”
Well at least they are trying .
I ’m thinking doing the Amos Lee because he ’s sweet but not sure .
You can donate anyhoo via the oxfam link in the link above .
Darfur : SA ‘ must act strongly ’
“ South Africa needs to take more assertive action on the conflict and humanitarian crisis in Sudan ’s Darfur region , Democratic Alliance leader Tony Leon said on Friday .
This was especially necessary in the light of its election to a non-permanent seat on the United Nations Security Council , which should mark a turning point in the country ’s foreign policy , he said in his weekly newsletter , published on the DA ’s SA Today website .
“ Over the next two years , South Africa accordingly cannot afford to continue with a ‘ business as usual ’ approach to our diplomacy , whereby we have too often put historical ties and a misplaced sense of solidarity ahead of any other concerns . ”
President Thabo Mbeki had not been categorical in his condemnation of the unfolding crisis in the Sudan – described by the UN itself as a “ man-made catastrophe of an unprecedented scale ” .
If South Africa ’s presence on the Security Council was going to have any real meaning , it “ must spur us to fresh efforts to resolve this conflict , and – most importantly – to save the lives of thousands of innocent civilians in Darfur ” .
Newsbrief from the Genocide Intervention Network .
Interview : AL chief says AL - AU cooperation on Sudan ’s Darfur issue
According to Relief Web :
Bei den BigBrother Awards zu gewinnen bedeutet eigentlich , dass man verloren hat .
Verloren in der Kategorie „ Bewahrung von Bürgerrechten “ .
Ausgezeichnet werden mit dem …
Of all the great DIY projects at this year 's Maker Faire , the one project that really caught my eye involved converting a regular old $ 60 router into a powerful , highly configurable $ 600 router .
The router has an interesting history , but all you really need to know is that the special sauce lies in embedding Linux in your router .
I found this project especially attractive because : 1 ) It 's easy , and 2 ) it 's totally free .
Advertisement
So when I got the chance , I dove into converting my own router .
After a relatively simple firmware upgrade , you can boost your wireless signal , prioritize what programs get your precious bandwidth , and do lots of other simple or potentially much more complicated things to improve your computing experience .
Today I 'm going to walk you through upgrading your router 's firmware to the powerful open source DD - WRT firmware .
Advertisement
Photo by puruan .
Update :
This is a rather old post at this point , and much has changed in the world of DD - WRT .
For one , DD - WRT now supports considerably more devices , and it 's much easier than it used to be .
Check out our updated guide to supercharging your router with DD - WRT to see how it works .
And , for an alternative to to DD - WRT with a simplified interface and fancy charts and graphs , check out our other guide to turning your $ 60 router into a user - friendly super router with Tomato .
What you 'll need :
* You 'll be upgrading the firmware twice , first using the mini firmware , then using the standard .
Advertisement
Upgrading your router to the DD - WRT firmware
Check out this gallery for the detailed step - by - step upgrade with screenshots .
When you 're finished , come back here for some of my favorite tweaks .
Advertisement
Update , October ' 07 : Reader Josh Harris writes in :
All the new WRT54G routers being sold now are v8 , and the previous DD - WRT software did n't work on them .
However , recent versions added support for the new v8 router — but it 's a little more in depth .
Got this to work on the WRT54G v8 ( should work on 7 as well , just replace the files with the corresponding 7 version ) :
First of all , use IE explorer .
Firefox did n't work at all on this for me , even after install .
Second , go to this page .
Read the textfile carefully and follow its instructions .
Two edits to the textfile : 1 . Make sure you go to command prompt and type ipconfig / all .
Record the default gateway , the subnet mask , and the two DNS addresses .
When you set the IP address manually on your desktop / laptop to 192.168.1.100 as per the instructions , you will need to set these 4 numbers as well .
2 . Do n't forget when you do the tftp that you need to be in the folder that contains the downloaded dd- wrt.v24_micro_wrt54gv8.bin file ( for example , if it is in C :/ Downloads , type /cd C:/ Downloads ) .
Lastly do n't forget you need to be on a wire to the router , and download both vxworkskiller Gv8.bin and dd-wrt.v24_micro_wrt54gv8.bin before you start .
Following this procedure will install the micro version on your router .
After this , switch your laptop / desktop back to receiving your IP address via DHCP rather than the manual configuration you set as per the instructions .
You will be able to access the DD - WRt micro install via 192.168.1.1 with the login username root and the password admin .
From here , you still need to install the DD - WRT standard .
Unfortunately , you cannot go any farther than this with WRT54G v7 and v8 because Linksys downgraded the physical memory in these recent models .
However , micro is still an improvement over the original Linksys firmware .
Advertisement
Boost your wireless signal
The first thing I did after I finished the firmware upgrade was give my wireless signal a much needed boost ( " needed " in the sense any signal boosting that can be done needs to be done , right ? ) .
Doing so is trivial .
Advertisement
Go to the Wireless tab , then to Advanced Settings .
Find the entry labeled Xmit Power , which is set by default at a paltry 28 mW , and can be set up to 251 mW .
To be honest , I do n't know much about the science of the whole process , but I do know that 251 is WAY bigger than 28 .
However , you probably do n't want to pump it up to 251 mW right away .
Advertisement
The DD - WRT manual suggests that a " safe increase of up to 70 would be suitable for most users . "
Anything too much above that and you'd be flirting with overheating your router and damaging the life of your router ( though I 've heard that many people have pushed it up to 100 or above ) .
So go ahead and change your Xmit Power to 70 and click the Save Settings button at the bottom of the page .
I can't measure for sure how the signal boost has improved things for me since I 've just moved into this apartment , but I can say that the signal is full bars pretty much anywhere I go .
How 's that for scientific ?
Advertisement
Throttling your bandwidth by program
While most routers treat one request for bandwidth the same as any other , your new $ 600 router is a step above .
By setting up QoS ( Quality of Service ) rules , you can give priority to your interactive traffic ( like VoIP , web browsing , or gaming ) while throttling traffic that does n't require a steady rate of bandwidth to function ( like P2P programs ) .
Advertisement
Doing so will ensure that even if your network gets clogged with lots of file sharing , you 'll still have enough bandwidth left over to make all of your free Skype Out phone calls .
If you 've got roommates who tend to sponge up a lot of bandwidth , you can even prioritize by IP address .
Advertisement
What to do if you brick your router
Advertisement
If , god forbid , while flashing your firmware you end up " bricking " your router , do n't worry - all is not lost .
The DD - WRT wiki ( a great resource of all things DD - WRT ) can help you recover from a bad flash .
Of course , your router will handle securing your network , port forwarding , and all the other things your regular old router does .
Advertisement
Obviously I 've just scratched the surface here , so if you decide to try this out , there 's a lot of potential for other things you can do .
Any readers tricked out a router with DD - WRT or one of the other open source distros ?
Tell us what tweaks have worked for you in the comments or at tips at lifehacker.com .
Advertisement
Adam Pash is an associate editor for Lifehacker who loves a good signal boost .
His special feature Hack Attack appears every Tuesday on Lifehacker .
Subscribe to the Hack Attack RSS feed to get new installments in your newsreader .
What would you say , given one free minute of anonymous public speech ?
One Free Minute is a mobile sculpture designed to allow for instances of anonymous public speech .
Anonymous callers to One Free Minute 's toll - free line can record a message of up to a minute , to be broadcast in the public soundscape .
The speech produced by the speaker can be heard clearly more than 150 feet away from the sculpture .
To participate in One Free Minute , call now and leave a message on our answering machine .
We 'll transfer your message the sculpture ( that 's it on the left ) , and play it back randomly during future performances :
1-888-500-**** Canada & USA ( toll free )
One Free Minute is in archive mode until its next performance .
It was last performed in Montreal in May 2009 as part of La Biennale de Montréal .
Come ride with us as we broadcast your speeches in public space .
Your speeches have also been performed in Columbus Ohio , Quebec City , Vancouver , San Jose and Berlin !
Have you called yet ?
Microsoft hat im Rahmen der Ankündigung von " Software Protection Platform " erläutert , wie sich Windows Vista in Bezug auf die Aktivierung und Validierung verhalten soll .
Künftig wird es drei unterschiedliche Arten von Lizenzen geben : Retail , Volume und OEM .
Bei Retail - Schlüsseln verhält sich Vista ähnlich wie XP : Innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach der Installation muss per Internet oder telefonisch aktiviert werden .
Auch nach der Aktivierung wird immer wieder mal wie schon bei XP der CD - Key überprüft : bei der WGA - Validierung .
Die ist beim Download von Patches und Updates fällig .
Für Hardwarehersteller , die Vista vorinstalliert mitliefern , gibt es eine andere Art von Schlüssel .
Denn hier wird die Vista - Version laut Microsoft so an den PC gebunden , dass es nur noch auf Hardware dieses Herstellers läuft .
Die gekoppelte Vista - Version soll sich bereits in der Fabrik ohne Verbindung zu irgendeinem Server aktivieren lassen , und auch damit erstellte Recovery - DVDs sollen bereits die Aktivierung enthalten .
Fällig ist sie allerdings innerhalb von drei Tagen nach größeren Hardwareumbauten .
Drittens gibt es weiterhin spezielle Installationsschlüssel für Großkunden , und zwar in zwei Modellen : Erstens solche , die wie Retail - Schlüssel aktiviert werden sollen , aber eine mehrfache Aktivierung erlauben , und zweitens solche , bei denen ein zentraler Dienst im lokalen Netzwerk die Aktivierung übernimmt .
Voraussetzung für letztere Variante ist der Einsatz von mindestens 25 physischen PCs mit Windows Vista oder 5 mit Longhorn - Server .
Wenn die Betriebssysteme in virtuellen Maschinen laufen , lassen sie sich zwar ebenfalls über den Dienst aktivieren , zählen aber bei der Frage nach der Mindestanzahl nicht mit .
Alle 180 Tage ist eine erneute Aktivierung über diesen Dienst erforderlich .
Es bleiben stets 30 Tage nach der Installation , um zu aktivieren .
Anschließend läuft Windows ohne Installationsschlüssel nur noch mit " reduzierter Funktionalität " :
Es startet ein Browser , indem man eine Vista - Lizenz erwerben kann , Desktop - Icons und Startmenü fehlen jedoch .
Nach einer Stunde meldet Vista den Anwender ohne Vorwarnung ab , fährt den Rechner aber nicht runter , sodass man sich sofort wieder anmelden können soll .
Anders verhält sich Vista , wenn die Aktivierung zwar klappte , der verwendete Installationsschlüssel allerdings nachträglich während einer WGA - Prüfung von Microsoft als illegal deklariert wird : Dann verfällt Windows in einen anderen Modus " reduzierter Funktionalität " :
Das neue Aero - Design ( mit den transparenten Fensterrahmen und den 3D - Fenstereffekten ) , ReadyBoost und die Antispyware Defender verweigern den Dienst , Vista lädt nur noch sicherheitskritische Updates , und auf dem Desktop steht ein Hinweis , dass diese Vista - Installation illegal sei .
Zur WGA - Echtheitsüberprüfung siehe auch : ( axv )
The release of trapped greenhouse gases is pushing the world past the point of no return on climate change
The frozen bogs of Siberia are melting , and the thaw could have devastating consequences for the planet , scientists have discovered .
They have found that Arctic permafrost , which is starting to melt due to global warming , is releasing five times more methane gas than their calculations had predicted .
That level of emission is alarming because methane itself is a greenhouse gas .
Increased amounts will therefore accelerate warming , cause more melting of Siberian bogs and Arctic wasteland , and so release even more .
' It 's a slow - motion time bomb , ' said climate expert Professor Ted Schuur , of the University of Florida .
The discovery of these levels of methane release , revealed in a report in Nature last week , suggests that the planet is rapidly approaching a critical tipping point at which global warming could trigger an irreversible acceleration in climate change .
' The higher the temperature gets , the more permafrost we melt , the more tendency it has to become a more vicious cycle , ' said Chris Field , director of global ecology at the Carnegie Institution of Washington .
' That 's the thing that is scary about this . '
The news of the danger posed by rising methane levels comes after a week in which scientists outlined a series of disturbing developments in climate research .
These disclosures included news that nearly every wild animal in Britain has extended its range northwards as the country heats up ; ice cores from the Antarctic have revealed that carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere are rising at an unprecedented rate ; and analysis suggesting that the world has less than a decade in which to halt global warming before it reaches a point of no return .
The revelations about Siberia 's methane add to these worries .
Methane is produced in soil by bacterial decomposition and normally released into the air .
However , in the permafrost regions of Siberia and the Arctic the gas gets locked into the frozen soil , and over the millennia this has built up to create a vast reservoir of the gas .
In addition to the methane built up , it is also known that vast amounts of carbon dioxide are locked in the planet 's frozen zones .
In total , it is estimated there could be as much as 450 billion tonnes of methane and carbon dioxide trapped in the world 's permafrost .
A team led by Katey Walter of the University of Alaska decided to investigate the rate at which methane is being released as the world succumbs to the effects of climate change .
She chose an area along the Kolyma river near Cherskii in Russia for the study .
The results revealed levels of discharge that were five times higher than previous estimates .
The results , echoed by studies at 100 other sites in the north Siberia region , are alarming because methane is far more effective at trapping heat than carbon dioxide and is therefore potentially much more dangerous to the planet .
Scientists have calculated that methane has a global warming potential that is 23 times that of carbon dioxide .
This means that a kilogram of methane warms the planet 's atmosphere 23 times as much as the same amount of carbon dioxide .
' The effects can be huge , ' admitted Walter , adding : ' I do n't think it can be easily stopped - we would have to have major cooling .
It 's coming out and there is a lot more to come out . '
Not just a wasteland
· Covering 10 million square kilometres , if Siberia were to secede from Russia it would be the world 's largest country .
· Few people live there - only three people to every square kilometre - but it is rich in minerals , including gold and diamonds .
· The 9,295 km Trans - Siberian Railway is the world 's longest railway , running from Moscow to Vladivostok .
· The mammoth died out in Siberia 4,000 years ago , but frozen corpses are still being dug up .
· Tennis star Maria Sharapova and Rasputin were both born in Siberia
The search was prompted by the discovery on Friday of about 80 human bones and fragments in rubble from an abandoned manhole near the site .
It sparked angry calls from victims ' relatives for a more thorough search .
Families of more than 1,100 of those who died have never received any remains of their loved ones .
After construction workers made the first unexpected discovery on Friday , city officials then ordered new checks of underground areas close to Ground Zero that could have been missed .
On Saturday , workers removed more debris from manholes .
Forensic officials sifted it and found another 15 human fragments , Deputy Mayor Edward Skyler said .
More manholes will be searched in coming days , officials said .
The original search of the site ended in 2002 , after about 20,000 human fragments had been unearthed .
The discovery comes just weeks after the fifth anniversary of the 11 September 2001 attacks , in which more than 2,700 people died .
Thursday , August 3 , 2006
Google Adds Malware Warnings
Google now shows a warning when you click on certain potentially harmful search results .
For example , when you search for list keygen mirc and click on the first result , instead of the target page you ’ll see this ( Google links to the StopBadware.org initiative , which it also sponsors ) :
Warning - the site you are about to visit may harm your computer !
You can learn more about malware and how to protect yourself at StopBadware.org .
Suggestions :
• Return to the previous page and pick another result .
• Try another search to find what you ’re looking for .
Or you can continue to http://asta-killer.com/list.html .
advisory provided by Google
The URL of above warning is google.com/ interstitial?url=http://asta-killer.com/list.html.
To test if a specific domain is considered to host malware , you can replace the URL parameter ; apparently , only if it ’s considered malware will the warning show ( otherwise you ’ll get a “ forbidden ” message ) .
[ Via Google System . ]
>>
More posts
Advertisement
Every few years something significant happens in the land of computer programming .
In my opinion the Ruby computer language is such a landmark .
Over the years I have seen programmer productivity go up .
These are no hard measured calculations , but I have the impression that every five years the speed of delivering software doubles .
Not only that , the curve for writing maintainable software appears to increase linearly too .
A lot of that speed can be attributed to the tools of a developer , and core to these tools is the computer language .
A Short Overview of Mainstream Languages Computer languages are essentially alike .
There are more similarities than differences between any language .
Nevertheless , the differences have a large impact on solving problems , finding ways of expression and human interaction .
For example , LISP , a language of great beauty and simplicity in conception , reflects its allegiance more to computers than to humans .
A language easy to interpret is not necessarily easy to program , as many a student can attest .
LISP 's most amazing feature is that it shows with how few rules one can create a powerful computer language .
Structured languages like Pascal and C clearly bridged a gap between native assembler and quick , human - readable coding .
C is still widely used where performance matters -- it is possible to write close to the assembler , as the Linux and BSD kernels prove .
With C++ in the early nineties , I personally went through a period of exploration and discovery .
Classes , objects , containers , operator overloading , the works .
Reading Stroustrup 's classic book was crucial to understanding C++ as a language , and I loved it .
But with hindsight I can see it takes something extra to become productive in C++ ; it is not for everyone .
Java came to the rescue .
A much simpler language with an elegance in OOP ( object - oriented programming ) , Java does have some down sides , like slow JVMs dealing with large libraries .
The language itself has some short comings too .
Many experienced C++ programmers use Java , and the complaint will come that it feels like working with their hands tied behind the back .
Nevertheless Java is great for corporate - type team programming efforts .
As a language it goes some way in enforcing structure and using OOP concepts .
In parallel , two other languages made a mark in the nineties : Perl and Python .
Both are ( interpreted ) scripting languages and have some real advantages over C++ and Java in terms of delivery time of software ( more on that below ) .
With current levels of computing power , performance is hardly an issue for most " user - land " software .
Perl was a revolution in a way .
and most of its productivity boost was due to the introduction of a full programming language with light notation for regular expressions , arrays and especially hashes .
Perl has some real problems , though , as almost everyone will assert who has participated in large Perl programming efforts .
Perl has OOP extensions , but they are non-obvious and laborious .
I did enjoy learning Perl OOP because it taught me a lot about OOP itself and how to implement OOP in a language as a single hack .
Writing Perl OOP , however , is no joy .
Maintaining a large Perl source base is only possible with the highest level of discipline by the coders , and the language itself does not help enforcing correct coding practices .
Python is cleaner as a language though its OOP was added as an afterthought -- and it shows .
I spent some serious time looking into Python and did not like it that much .
It gives a lot but runs short , for example , with object elements all being public .
In a team effort , that means developers have trouble understanding how their classes are being used ( or abused ) .
In this situation , I would even have trouble trusting my own code .
Operator overloading is ugly , the syntax of a colon after an if statement I find to be non-obvious , etc .
The indentation idea is clever , but somehow it does n't improve code readability .
In short , Python almost makes it but not quite .
Introducing Ruby Late last year I got my hands on the Ruby book by the ( self - named ) pragmatic programmers , Dave Thomas and Andy Hunt .
The book also has an on - line version .
I read the book in one go , and it goes into the hall of fame of important computer books , as far as I am concerned , right next to the Stroustrup .
After reading it , I almost skipped sleep for a week because I was so excited by the implications of Ruby , a programming language that reads like poetry .
The author of Ruby , Yukihiro Matsumoto , aka Matz , knows his languages ( LISP , Small Talk , Perl , Python and others ) and aimed to create his perfect language .
Ruby follows the Principle of Least Surprise and , funny enough , gets close .
It feels , in fact , exactly like the computer language I have wanted to design all my life ( without really knowing it ) .
Ruby was developed after 1994 and does not carry the baggage of Perl and Python ; it is the new kid on the block .
It comes with extensive libraries , not as rich as Perl 's CPAN , but after a year of working with Ruby , I have n't missed any critical components .
Ruby is complete with HTML and FTP classes , CGI support , XML parsers , database libraries , GTK and Qt bindings and even a pure Ruby BTree library .
It is also quite straightforward to link up Ruby and Python libraries , which gives it an even richer base .
Ruby is well supported on UNIX and Windows ; developing on UNIX and deploying on Windows works without a hitch , including GUI development .
Developer Productivity
A very interesting study related to developer productivity was conducted by Lutz Prechelt .
The outcome is that the amount of time needed for software delivery is directly correlated to the number of code lines that have to be written .
Projects written in C++ and Java take double the number of lines as projects in Python and Perl , so the development effort takes roughly twice the time .
Writing code in Ruby improves productivity even more , surpassing Perl and Python .
The syntax is very forgiving and feels natural ; for example , there are no semi-colons .
if i == 15 print i end Maybe I am worse than other developers , but I find I often have to execute an edit / compile cycle because of an end - of - line typo .
Less interruptions make programming a flow - like effort , and it is amazing how often a piece of Ruby code is written and running in one go .
Because of Ruby 's light syntax for defining a new class , it is really easy to create new ones and write support for testing at the class level : # form.rb # # Form class derived from Document class Form < Document def initialize # ----
Constructor end def mymethod s # ----
Do something with s and return s print s s end end This results in OOP design - on - the - fly and prevents the coder from lazily opting for other solutions .
I have to admit that in Perl my OOP would degenerate because of the effort involved .
With Ruby this never happens .
Certain language features available with Ruby are not available with the others .
Ruby supports closures , which assign code responsibilities to the proper object result in cleaner code .
Writing " for " and " while " loops is rare in Ruby .
Also , less error - prone and cleaner constructs , like " each " , become natural to implement .
Instead of ( Java - like ) every time : Form form = forms. first ( ) ; while ( form != form.last ( ) ) { if ( form.valid ( ) ) { // ----
Do something } form = form.next ( ) ; } the Ruby way is : class Forms < Array def each_form each do | form | yield form if form.valid end end end forms.each_form do | form | # ----
Do something end and the proper responsibility is captured within the Forms object .
For more complex projects maintainability becomes an issue .
Proper OOP design helps bring structure and makes the source code logical and transparent .
All these languages support OOP to a certain degree , but Ruby shines in ease of use and predictability .
Delving deeper into the niceties of Ruby is beyond the scope of this article .
I strongly recommend the book by Thomas and Hunt and also Matz 's Ruby in a Nutshell .
The latter book is merely a reference , though , and wo n't take you through the dazzling heights that Programming Ruby will .
Switching Over People often ask the following questions :
Why should I learn another programming language ?
Or laziness versus love .
Every computer language has something to offer , and the added insights will make you a better programmer .
Java taught me to write better C++ ;
Ruby taught me so much I do n't intend to go back .
Why move from Python ?
If you are happy with Python , there is , arguably , not a significant reason to switch .
There are even two pretty strong cases for Python : the Zope WWW framework and Jython , both of which are very attractive in specific circumstances .
There are quite a number of Python programmers that have switched to Ruby .
It may be a lot more rewarding than it looks .
Remember the days when people were questioning a change from Perl to Python ?
Once switched no one appears to want to go back .
ESR made quite a strong case in Linux Journal a while back for moving from Perl or C++ to Python .
All his arguments are familiar and applicable to Ruby .
Why move from Java ?
Ruby 's role may be to both strengthen and replace Java .
Java 's strength , at this moment , is for medium to large server - side projects and distributed environments .
Ruby kicks in on the deployment side and for writing proof - of - concepts .
Meanwhile a lot of programming concepts in Ruby are related to Java .
I can see Ruby playing a role in these environments once bindings become available .
Matz is working on a byte - code version of Ruby , and a JRuby project took off on jruby.sourceforge.net .
Java is strongly embedded as a language in corporate environments , however , and will be for some time to come .
In addition , working with Java is intentionally very verbose , but that also means it takes a lot of time to achieve the same results .
What about Perl6 ?
Perl6 appears to have a lot of new features .
Mostly , though , it is still vapourware .
Meanwhile Perl , even in its version 5 incarnation , contains a lot of baggage .
Even if it tries to provide functionality similar to Ruby , it will never be as clean .
I have more than five years of Perl under my belt and only one of Ruby .
Coding Perl still makes me revisit syntax issues often and reread information on functions .
With Ruby my experience is that going back to the manuals is a much rarer occasion .
I do n't expect Perl6 to change that .
Conclusion
For raw performance , C / C++ is still the best choice .
For large multiplatform team efforts you may be best off with Java .
But when it comes to delivering speed and proof - of - concepts , you should think seriously about using Python or Ruby .
Perl I would reserve for system administration tasks .
Ruby has some distinct advantages over Python .
It is a far cleaner OOP language with excellent features , and it supports Perl 's regex type terse notation .
It also scores high in enabling one to write short concise and maintainable code .
In fact I do most of my development in Ruby now , touching Java and C++ only when I have to .
Ruby may not be a new paradigm , nor represent a new generation , but it combines the best of many programming languages and takes productivity to a new level .
I am not original in stating that Ruby may supersede both Perl and Python and will make many a Java programmer envious .
Beyond AdSense : A Business Model Checklist
This great post by Peter Rip has me off the dime to make a list I ’ve wanted to make for a while : a checklist of the various business models available to developer of live Web apps & services .
During a podcast with Lane Becker , we started brainstorming options open for entrepreneurs .
Programmable Web has the definitive list for APIs availalbe for mashing up , so why not create a revenue toolbox as well ?
Now , I ’ve simplified things a bit , and as Peter ’s chart makes clear , there are tons of facets for value creation that can generate different types of revenue .
There ’s so much more potential than “ let ’s get some traffic and take the AdSense revenue ” or , even , the straightforward 37 signals approach : make a service that someone will pay you to use .
Here ’s my initial crack at this , and many examples are combinations of these approaches ( as Peter points out ) .
Feel free to add your suggestions .
1. Advertising
Naturally , this old - school option pops up the most often , and why not ?
It ’s how our media businesses have been built for the past hundred years or so , and Google ’s success has shown that new twist can keep the model valid for Web businesses .
How long will the AdSense party last though ?
Banner Ads
Oh my .
You still see these around , some even more annoying than others with action that tries to flag your attention .
I ’m sure someone can point me to numbers that say these things delivery some sort of value , but , wow , you ’re not thinking too hard here .
Example : BusinessWeek seems plastered with these .
You know what banner ads look like .
Unless you ’ve used GreaseMonkey so long you forgot .
Contextual Advertising
The house that Overture blueprinted & Google built .
You see Technorati , Feedburner and all sorts of companies rolling these in .
Better than crude ads , sure , but not exactly a creative move at this point .
Plus , it seems to me this should be lagniappe and not your main plan .
Examples : heavens , is n’t almost every blog plastered with AdSense ads ?
Syndicated Ads from Boutique Media Services
If you play in a defined niche that is addressed by one of the boutique ad networks popping up ( Federated Media , BlogAds , The Deck , Gawker ) , then this might be right for you .
Examples : GigaOm , Kottke.org , 43 folders all use these types of ad networks .
Affiliate Networks
Refer traffic to Amazon and other retailers and take a cut .
Example : 43 Folders , etc .
Watch An Ad , Get Access to Premium Content
Targeting ads around desirable content .
Example : Salon ’s DayPass system .
Sponsorships
Limit the types of marketing possible on your site and offer more exclusive types of support in the form of sponsorships .
This can go far beyond just slapping a logo up on the site , and can evolve into some creative content / service offerings .
Examples : Techcrunch , Flickr ( the Nikon program ) , Cork ’d , Rocketboom , Flock & other browsers
2. Make Them Pay
As the 37 Signals guys point out , there is a simple way to make money with your app , charge people to use it .
Naturally , there are various flavors to this .
Here are a few :
Freemium
Fred Wilson ’s favorite business model , one that I like a bunch too .
Try it before you buy it .
Offer up some variant of your service for free , build the user base , and then allow folks to buy a more premium level of service .
Examples : Flickr , PbWiki , Backpack , Box.net , FeedBurner , and many , many others
Subscription Model
Ah , recurring revenues .
This , combined with a freemium entry point , is tops for me .
Sell various levels of service with sliding fees , making it simple to updgrade ( or downgrade ) a user account as desired .
Examples : Basecamp , Flickr , Web hosting companies , Valleyschwag
One - time License / Fee
Think old - school shareware .
Trial the app , and if you like it , cough up a minimal licensing fee .
Pretty simple , though , upgrades , etc. make it less attractive .
Plus , I like the constant customer contact a subscription model allows for .
Examples : NetNewswire , Mint , MetaFilter
Premium A La Carte Services
Cross sell premium services to your subscriber base .
Examples : Apple iPhoto books , Edgeio , Dogster
Revenue Share
If you ’re offering a market - making service , the model seems pretty straightforward to me : take a piece of the action .
Even better if your app helps create a market that was heretofore difficult to bring together .
Examples : Ebay , Federated Media or other ad networks , CafePress
3 . Because of , Not With
Sometimes the revenue streams are a bit indirect .
We ’re talking about Doc ‘s assertion that more people will make money ‘ because of ’ open source software or whatever , than ‘ with ’ open source software .
Here are some of the indirect revenue streams that jump out at me :
Publications
While many of us are giving away a sample of our thinking every day via blogs and other self - publishing platforms , you can charge for content .
It helps to have a huge support base , natch , but I think more people will follow the self - publishing path .
Examples : Get Real , Adaptive Path publications
Professional Services
One straightforward way to make money on ‘ free ’ software is to sell support services around it .
Examples : Automattic , Spanning Partners
White Label Versions
We used Biggu.com as a demo version of our corporate blogging tools , and tried to sell white label versions for companies who would want tweaks to the branding and workflow we ’d already built .
Example : Big in Japan , Newsgator
Sell Intelligence
Analyst groups have been playing this game for years .
Sell your know how in a variety of forms : events , subscription newsletters or reports , access to data .
Examples : Technorati , Analyst Groups , FeedBurner stats
Cross Selling the Next Product
Ask A Ninja was originally started as an attention gathering project for the ‘ real ’ content project those guys wanted to sell .
Ok , you ’ve got our attention .
I doubt I would have seen ‘ Hope is Emo ’ so quickly , and now they could easily launch a number of things via that audience already gathered around Ask a Ninja .
Likewise , setting up a free TaDa list gets lots of 37 Signals products in front of you .
These loss leaders can help you build the right kind of tribe .
Examples : Campfire , Feedburner , Yahoo !
Update : Tara ’s thinking about the same sorts of things .
Jeremiah has some additional modes :
After launching her second fragrance , Vera Wang Princess , for every girls ’ inner princess , Vera Wang has just signed a partnership with Kolhs to create a “ premium fashion and lifestyle brand called Very Vera by Vera Wang , ” says the WWD
The collection will be be available at more than 900 Kohl ’s moderate department stores and kohls.com beginning in fall 2007 .
So thatâ€™s something to put into your calendar !
For now , Vera Wang fans will have to appease themselves with the Vera Wang Princess fragrance , with actress Camilla Belle fronting the advertising campaigns ( pictured right ) .
Visit the Vera Wang Princess website for more information , including behind the scenes footage from the advertising campaign shoot , contests , samples of the fragrance , go in the draw to win a Vera Wang Lavender Label dress , a custom iPod designed by Vera Wangâ€ ¦ and so much more .
The Princess fragrance is available online now at Sephora .
With a limited edition Vera Wang Princess fragrance to be unveiled this Northern fall says The Daily .
Antarctica's Underground Sphere - Cathedral
[ Image : " Beardmore Glacier , slicing its way through the Transantarctic Mountains . " Via Glaciers of the World ] .
Pole itself is an agglomeration of Jamesway huts , " corrugated metal tunnels " slowly blown over with snow , and the massive geodesic dome for which the city has become most famous .
The dome is not precisely architectural , on the other hand : " The station is more like a raft floating on a very slow moving sea of ice two miles deep than a traditional building footed on the ground . "
It is structure imposed upon frozen hydrology : the insufficiently modeled glacial surface undergoes complicated deformations , thwarting all attempts to achieve longterm stability .
It 's a kind of ice seismology .
In any case , one of the most interesting aspects of the whole thing is actually found below the city , in Pole 's so - called " sewage bulbs . "
To quote at length : Water for the station is derived by inserting a heating element – which looks like a brass plumb bob 12 feet in diameter – 150 feet into the ice and then pumping out the meltwater .
After a sphere has been hollowed out over several years , creating a bulb that bottoms out 500 feet below the surface , they move to a new area , using the old bulb to store up to a million gallons of sewage , which freezes in place – sort of .
The catch is , the ice cap is moving northward toward the coast ( and Rio de Janeiro ) at a rate of about an inch a day , or 33 feet per year .
That movement means that the tunnels are steadily compressing ; as a result , they have to be reamed out every few years to maintain room for the insulated water and sewage pipes .
Because each sewage bulb fills up in five to six years , they 're hoping – based on the length of the tunnel and the number of bulbs they can create off it ( perhaps even seven or eight ) – this project will have a forty - year lifespan .
Ultimately , in about the year A.D. 120,000 , the whole mess should drop off into the ocean .
Rather than sewage bulbs , however , why not use the same technique to melt spherical chambers of a new , inverted cathedral one thousand feet below the Antarctic surface , a void - maze of linked naves and side - chapels moving slowly down - valley with the glacier ...?
Rather than a church organ , for instance , you 'd have the natural music of the ice itself , a glacial moan of augmented terrestrial pressures .
The whole system could be sanctified , renamed Vatican 2 , and new saints of ice could win Bible study grants to reside there , in thick parkas , reading glacial mysticism – soon results .
Unearthly , geometric , the voids of this new ecumenical church might even burn reflectively inside with the aurora australis .
[ Image : The aurora borealis – yes , the Northern , not Southern , Lights .
Sorry. Via NASA ] .
A hundred thousand years later , the cathedral reaches the sea , where its vast internal voids are broken open and revealed in the glacial cliff face .
Sections of nave and pulpit can be found floating in the water , sculpted rims of prayer - domes drifting north in the smooth surfaces of icebergs .
Here and there a complete chapel ; elsewhere a crypt , its tombs ' chiseled inscriptions melting slowly in the sun .
Some future group of Argentine architectural students will then take a field - trip there , sketchbooks in hand , and they 'll spend two weeks back - mapping the precisely measured structure to its original , geometric clarity .
[ Image : The BLDGBLOG glacial cathedral , adapted from this photo , © Michael Van Woert / NOAA NESDIS / ORA ] .
Another hundred thousand years later , there 's no trace of the cathedral at all .
In his book Terra Antarctica – previously discussed here – author William L. Fox takes us to an Antarctic field research city called , appropriately , Pole .
This geodesic - domed instant city is built on Beardmore glacier – which , Fox writes , is " a ferocious uphill maze riven with thousands of crevasses , " where high - speed winds are caused not by weather in any real sense of the word , but by " dense cold air sliding off the interior toward the coast via gravity .
" Pole itself is an agglomeration of Jamesway huts , " corrugated metal tunnels " slowly blown over with snow , and the massive geodesic dome for which the city has become most famous .
The dome is not precisely , on the other hand : " The station is more like a raft floating on a very slow moving sea of ice two miles deep than a traditional building footed on the ground .
" It is structure imposed upon frozen hydrology : the insufficiently modeled glacial surface undergoes complicated deformations , thwarting all attempts to achieve longterm stability .
It 's a kind of In any case , one of the most interesting aspects of the whole thing is actually foundthe city , in Pole 's so - called " sewage bulbs . "
To quote at length : Rather than , however , why not use the same technique to melt spherical chambers of a new , inverted cathedral one thousand feet below the Antarctic surface , a void - maze of linked naves and side - chapels moving slowly down - valley with the glacier ...?
Rather than a church organ , for instance , you 'd have the natural music of the ice itself , a glacial moan of augmented terrestrial pressures .
The whole system could be sanctified , renamed , and new saints of ice could win Bible study grants to reside there , in thick parkas , reading Thomas à Kempis over three - month stays .
A new religious movement – called– soon results .
Unearthly , geometric , the voids of this new ecumenical church might even burn reflectively inside with theA hundred thousand years later , the cathedral reaches the sea , where its vast internal voids are broken open and revealed in the glacial cliff face .
Sections of nave and pulpit can be found floating in the water , sculpted rims of prayer - domes drifting north in the smooth surfaces of icebergs .
Here and there a complete chapel ; elsewhere a crypt , its tombs ' chiseled inscriptions melting slowly in the sun .
Some future group of Argentine architectural students will then take a field - trip there , sketchbooks in hand , and they 'll spend two weeks back - mapping the precisely measured structure to its original , geometric clarity .
Another hundred thousand years later , there 's no trace of the cathedral at all .
Newer | Older
In der Londoner Innenstadt wurde ein interessantes Sicherheits - Experiment mit folgenschwerem Ausgang durchgeführt .
Mitarbeitern von beispielsweise Großbanken wurden CD - ROMs als Valentins - Werbegeschenk ausgehändigt , die diese auch prompt in ihre PCs einlegten .
Mitarbeiter des englischen IT - Spezialisten „ The Training Camp “ überreichten als Werbegeschenk getarnte CD - ROMs an Mitarbeiter von Finanzdienstleistern in der Londoner Innenstadt .
Dabei fanden sie heraus , dass viele nicht einmal ein Basis - Wissen von Computer - Sicherheit mitbringen .
Die CD - ROMs enthielten zwar keinen Schadcode , aber informierten wiederum „ The Training Camp “ über die Anzahl derer , die diese CD sorglos in ihre IT - Umgebung brachten .
Zwischen den glücklosen Opfern waren auch Mitarbeiter wenigstens einer Großbank und zwei weltweit agierenden Versicherungen .
Die CD - Verpackung selbst enthielt einen gut lesbaren Hinweis darauf , dass durch die Nutzung der CD Software eines Dritt - Anbieters installiert wird und man doch darauf achten möge , dass die konzerneigenen Sicherheitsrichtlinien bezüglich solcher Installationen beachtet werden müssen .
Dies hielt aber dennoch viele Nutzer nicht davon ab , sich über die grundlegenden Sicherheitsrichtlinien ihres Unternehmens hinwegzusetzen und installierten die Software bedenkenlos .
Glücklicherweise enthielten die CDs keine zerstörerische Software .
Weder wurden persönliche noch firmeneigene Daten übermittelt .
Dennoch bleibt es Tatsache , dass dies auch durch jemanden hätte organisiert werden können , der Chaos in die Stadt bringen will .
Rob Chapman , CEO von The Training Camp
Erst im letzten Jahr wurde eine chinesische Bank Opfer einer Spyware - Infektion und wurde im Rahmen dessen um 220 Millionen Britische Pfund Sterling beraubt .
Dieses Ereignis hätte eigentlich ein besseres Verständnis unter Mitarbeitern in Großunternehmen hervorrufen müssen .
Aber dieses Experiment hat gezeigt , dass sich diesbezüglich nicht viel seitdem getan hat .
Unachtsame Mitarbeiter sind immer noch das größte Eingangstor für Eindringlinge , auch wenn sie nur aus Bits und Bytes bestehen .
Ethnic Armenian campaigners in France hailed the result
The bill , proposed by the Socialists and opposed by the government , needs approval from the Senate and president .
Turkey called the decision a " serious blow " to relations with France .
It has already threatened economic sanctions .
Armenia says Ottoman Turks killed 1.5 million people systematically in 1915 - a claim strongly denied by Turkey .
The European Commission has said that the bill , if passed into law , will " prohibit dialogue which is necessary for reconciliation " between Turkey and Armenia on the issue .
The opposition against Turkey in the EU has begun to present an ugly face
Cengiz Candar
Turkish commentator
Turkish press divided
Send us your comments
Turkey has been warning France for weeks not to pass the bill .
" Turkish - French relations , which have been meticulously developed over the centuries , took a severe blow today through the irresponsible initiatives of some short - sighted French politicians , based on unfounded allegations , " the Turkish foreign ministry said .
Nobel prize
The bill sponsored by the opposition Socialist party provides for a year in jail and a 45,000 - euro ( £ 30,000 ) fine - the same punishment that is imposed for denying the Nazi Holocaust .
The ruling Union for a Popular Movement ( UMP ) did not back the law , but gave its deputies a free vote .
It passed by 106 votes to 19 , after most deputies left the chamber in protest against what critics say is an attempt to attract votes of the some 500,000 people of Armenian descent in presidential elections next year .
Ethnic Armenians in Paris celebrated the result .
" The memory of the victims is finally totally respected , " said Alexis Govciyan .
But French Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin distanced himself from the bill .
It is " not a good thing to legislate on issues of history and of memory , " he said .
The vote came as controversial Turkish writer Orhan Pamuk won the 2006 Nobel Prize in Literature .
He has faced prosecution in Turkey for talking about the murder of hundreds of thousands of Armenians during World War I and thousands of Kurds in subsequent years .
The charges have since been dropped .
EU membership bid
Debate on the Armenian issue has been stifled in Turkey .
Arguments have raged for decades about the Armenian deaths
The official Turkish position states that many Christian Armenians and Muslim Turks died in fighting during World War I - but that there was no genocide .
The BBC's Sarah Rainsford in Istanbul says many Turks are angry at what they see as double standards in the EU , where opinions are sharply divided about whether Turkey should be allowed to join .
Turkey 's chief negotiator in EU membership talks , Ali Babacan , said : " This is violating one of the core principles of the European Union , which is freedom of expression . "
" Leave history to historians , " he added .
France 's President Chirac and Interior Minister Nicolas Sarkozy have both said Turkey will have to recognise the Armenian deaths as genocide before it joins the EU - though this is not the official EU position .
There are accusations in Turkey that the Armenian diaspora and opponents of Turkey 's EU membership bid are using this issue to prevent Turkey joining the 25 - member bloc .
Commuting By Bus In Denver ?
Papers , Please .
The Compliance Test
The Second Compliance Test
The Arrest
DEB DAVIS LIKES to commute to work by public bus .
She uses the time to read , crochet or pay bills .
It 's her quiet time .
What with the high price of gas , she saves money , too : a week 's worth of gas money gets her a month 's worth of bus rides .
The bus she rides crosses the property of the Denver Federal Center , a collection of government offices such as the Veterans Administration , the U.S. Geological Survey , and part of the National Archives .
The Denver Federal Center is not a high security area : it 's not Area 51 or NORAD .
On her first day commuting to work by bus , the bus stopped at the gates of the Denver Federal Center .
A security guard got on and demanded that all of the passengers on this public bus produce ID .
She was surprised by the demand of the man in uniform , but she complied : it would have meant a walk of several miles if she had n't .
Her ID was not taken and compared to any " no- ride " list .
The guard barely glanced at it .
When she got home , what had happened on the bus began to bother her .
' This is not a police state or communist Russia ' , she thought .
From her 8th grade Civics class she knew there is no law requiring her , as an American citizen , to carry ID or any papers , much less show them to anyone on a public bus .
She decided she would no longer show her ID on the bus .
On Monday , September 26th 2005 , Deb Davis headed off to work on the route 100 bus .
When the bus got to the gates of the Denver Federal Center , a guard got on and asked her if she had an ID .
She answered in the affirmative .
He asked if he could see it .
She said no .
When the guard asked why she would n't show her ID , Deb told him that she did n't have to do so .
The guard then ordered her off the bus .
Deb refused , stating she was riding a public bus and just trying to get to work .
The guard then went to call his supervisor , and returned shortly with a federal policeman .
The federal cop then demanded her ID .
Deb politely explained once again that she would not show her ID , and she was simply commuting to work .
He left , returning shortly thereafter with a second policeman in tow .
This second cop asked the same question and got the same answer : no showing of ID , no getting off the bus .
The cop was also annoyed with the fact that she was on the phone with a friend and did n't feel like hanging up , even when he ' ordered ' her to do so .
The second cop said everyone had to show ID any time they were asked by the police , adding that if she were in a Wal - Mart and was asked by the police for ID , that she would have to show it there , too .
She explained that she did n't have to show him or any other policeman my ID on a public bus or in a Wal - Mart .
She told him she was simply trying to go to work .
Suddenly , the second policeman shouted " Grab her ! " and he grabbed the cell phone from her and threw it to the back of the bus .
With each of the policemen wrenching one of her arms behind her back , she was jerked out of her seat , the contents of her purse and book bag flying everywhere .
The cops shoved her out of the bus , handcuffed her , threw her into the back seat of a police cruiser , and drove her to a police station inside the confines of the Denver Federal Center .
Once inside , she was taken down a hall and told to sit in a chair , still handcuffed , while one of the policemen went through her purse , now retrieved from the bus .
The two policemen sat in front of their computers , typing and conferring , trying to figure out what they should charge her with .
Eventually , they wrote up several tickets , took her outside and removed the handcuffs , returned her belongings , and pointed her toward the bus stop .
She was told that if she ever entered the Denver Federal Center again , she would go to jail .
She has n't commuted by public bus since that day .
This is Knuth 3:16
A rare surviving photograph of Don Knuth .
But his accomplishments spanned other fields as well .
As we shall see , he was an artist of typeface and book design .
He was also a leading moralist and wrote commentaries on God and the Bible .
He was an enthusiastic musician , though exactly which was his instrument is a subject of some dispute ( the most likely candidates are the accordion , jew 's harp , and flugelhorn ) .
And many historians agree that , before becoming a mathematician and computer scientist , he started life as a college football coach .
He was evidently highly respected in this field and was widely known by his nickname " Knuth Rockne " .
In his declining years he returned to this nickname as his interest and talents went to the birds .
Here we celebrate Knuth using one of his own tricks :
We examine the sixteenth sentence ( zero - based , of course ) of the third chapter of each of his surviving books .
MOSCOW , Oct. 7 — Anna Politkovskaya , the veteran Russian journalist and author who made her name as a searing critic of the Kremlin and its policies in Chechnya , was found dead on Saturday in her apartment building , shot in the head with a pistol , the authorities and her colleagues said .
Ms. Politkovskaya , 48 , was a journalist with few equals in Russia .
She was a special correspondent for the Novaya Gazeta newspaper and had become one of the country ’s most prominent human rights advocates .
In recent years , as the Russian news media faced intensifying pressure under the administration of President Vladimir V. Putin , she maintained her outspoken stance .
And she became an international figure who often spoke abroad about a war she called “ state versus group terrorism . ”
She was a strident critic of Mr. Putin , whom she accused of stifling civil society and allowing a climate of official corruption and brutality .
von Arno Luik
Er war mal ein ganz normaler Kapitalist - immer auf der Jagd nach mehr .
Dann las er Schiller und Goethe .
Jetzt will Götz Werner , Chef der Drogeriekette dm , Revolutionäres : ein Grundeinkommen für alle - von der Wiege bis zur Bahre .
Von Arno Luik
Herr Werner , Sie lieben Tabubrüche , Sie sagen : " Es ist eine gute Sache , wenn die Menschen nicht arbeiten müssen ! "
Ja , es ist doch eine großartige Sache , von diesem Zwang zur Arbeit befreit zu sein .
Die Zeiten sind vorbei , dass wir - wie nach dem Sündenfall - im Schweiße unseres Angesichts das Brot verdienen müssen .
Der Mensch hat die fünfte Schöpfung geschaffen - nämlich die Maschinen .
Diese Maschinen sind unsere modernen Sklaven .
Und es ist wunderbar , diesen Sklaven bei der Arbeit zuzuschauen .
Es ist ein Genuss zu sehen , wie die Roboter in den Autofabriken die Karosserien zusammenschweißen , da meinen Sie , Titanen wären am Werk .
Es ist also unsinnig , wenn etwa Bergarbeiter um ihre Knochenjobs kämpfen , dafür , dass sie in 2000 Meter Tiefe bei Hitze krankmachenden Feinstaub einatmen .
Es ist einfach so : Man ist in der Gesellschaft nur etwas wert , wenn man arbeitet , wenn man Werte schafft .
Das schafft auch Selbstwert .
Ja - denn wir leben immer noch nach dem alten , nicht mehr zeitgemäßen Gebot : " Wer nicht arbeitet , soll auch nicht essen ! "
Da waren die alten Griechen schon viel weiter .
Bei ihnen war die Muße das Ziel , nicht die Arbeit .
Ich kann also das Gerede um die Schaffung neuer Arbeitsplätze kaum mehr hören .
Jetzt sagen
Sie bloß noch : Arbeitslosigkeit ist eine Chance .
Ja , so ist es .
Sozial ist , was Arbeit schafft , rufen die Politiker !
Die Politiker sind vernagelt .
Von ihnen sind kaum Ideen zu erwarten , die uns weiterbringen .
Sie sind narkotisiert vom Vollbeschäftigungswahn .
Wir müssen diese neue Wirklichkeit akzeptieren : Die Zeiten der Vollbeschäftigung sind endgültig vorbei .
Vollbeschäftigung ist ein Mythos .
Eine Lüge .
Aufgabe der Wirtschaft ist es doch , Arbeitsplätze zu schaffen .
Nein .
Das ist Unsinn .
Die Wirtschaft ist keine sozialtherapeutische Beschäftigungsveranstaltung .
Kein Unternehmer geht in seinen Laden und fragt sich :
Wie schaffe ich neue Arbeitsplätze ?
Er fragt sich stattdessen :
Wie kann ich möglichst effizient produzieren und wie rationalisieren , wie kann ich das Optimale für meine Kunden schaffen ?
Aufgabe der Wirtschaft , abgesehen von der Güterproduktion , ist es , die Menschen von Arbeit zu befreien .
So betrachtet , steht die deutsche Wirtschaft großartig da !
Ja .
Wir leben in paradiesischen Zuständen .
Die Frage ist , wie wir es fertig bringen , allen Menschen den Zugang zu dem zu ermöglichen , was die Gesellschaft hervorbringt .
Nach 5000 Jahren Mangel , Mangel , der genetisch in uns zu sein scheint : Zum ersten Mal in der Menschheitsgeschichte leben wir im Überfluss .
Aber die Menschen schaffen es nicht , mit dieser neuen Wirklichkeit klarzukommen .
Sie sind in einem Erfahrungsgefängnis .
Sie haben ganz einfach Angst , ein Hartz - IV - Fall zu werden .
Ja .
Und das ist ein großes Problem .
Sie haben Angst , stigmatisiert zu werden .
Nutzlos zu sein .
Dieses manische Schauen auf Arbeit macht uns alle krank .
Und was ist denn Hartz IV ?
Hartz IV ist offener Strafvollzug .
Es ist die Beraubung von Freiheitsrechten .
Hartz IV quält die Menschen , zerstört ihre Kreativität .
Es ist ein Skandal , dass eine rot -grüne Regierung dieses destruktive Element in die Gesellschaft gebracht hat .
Das war notwendig , heißt es allenthalben , um aus der Krise herauszukommen !
Aha !
Was für eine Krise ?
Wir haben keine Wirtschaftskrise .
Wie bitte ?
Wir haben eine Denkkrise .
Dass wir so viele Arbeitslose haben , zeigt die Stärke und die Effizienz unserer Wirtschaft .
Sie sind ein Zyniker .
Nein , ganz im Gegenteil .
Ich bemühe mich , den Menschen zu helfen .
Niemand muss ins soziale Abseits rutschen , wir können alle Erwerbslosen versorgen .
Dazu müssen wir lernen , radikal , revolutionär zu denken .
Dann verraten Sie , was getan werden muss !
Einkommen und Arbeit sind in unserem Wirtschaftssystem aneinander gekoppelt .
Das ist nicht mehr zeitgemäß .
Wir brauchen kein Recht auf Arbeit .
Wir brauchen ein Recht auf Einkommen .
Auf ein bedingungsloses Grundeinkommen .
Den Menschen muss man Geld in die Hand geben - von der Wiege bis zur Bahre - , unbürokratisch , ohne Auflagen , ohne Formulare .
Wie schön !
Ja , sehr schön .
Spotten Sie nicht , denken Sie stattdessen !
Wir brauchen das Bürgergeld - für jeden .
Sie wollen jedem ein paar hundert Euro monatlich in die Hand geben , einfach so ?
Ja , nicht nur ein paar hundert Euro , sondern so viel , dass jeder , bescheiden zwar , aber in Würde leben kann .
Dass jeder am gesellschaftlichen und kulturellen Leben teilnehmen kann .
Und damit erreichen
Sie auch , dass es Arbeitslosigkeit als Problem nicht mehr gibt , dass niemand mehr stigmatisiert werden kann .
Wie hoch soll dieses Bürgergeld sein ?
Ich denke , es sollten 1500 Euro sein .
Stellen
Sie sich mal vor , was für eine Gesellschaft sich entwickeln würde - eine Gesellschaft ohne Existenzangst !
Das ist ein schöner Traum , aber wer soll ihn bezahlen ?
Das hieße doch : Noch mehr Steuern , noch mehr Abgaben !
Überhaupt nicht .
Ich bin dafür , alle Steuern abzuschaffen .
Bis auf eine : die Mehrwertsteuer .
Die müsste allerdings kräftig ansteigen , vielleicht sogar auf 50 Prozent .
Sie sind verrückt .
Nein .
Die Mehrwertsteuer ist die einzig gerechte und wirklich sinnvolle Steuer .
Wer viel konsumiert , der trägt viel zur Finanzierung des Staatswesens bei .
Aber der Dumme ist - wie so oft - der , der wenig hat .
Er bezahlt prozentual am meisten .
Außerdem werden die Waren teurer .
Nein .
Man kann , erstens , die Mehrwertsteuer sozial gestalten .
Und zweitens werden die Waren nicht teurer .
Eine Brille kostet , sagen wir mal , 100 Euro .
Darin sind heute 16 Euro Mehrwertsteuer und 84 Euro Warenwert .
In diesen 84 Euro sind aber 34 Euro versteckte Steuern , der tatsächliche Warenwert beträgt also nur 50 Euro .
50 Prozent Mehrwertsteuer wären also nichts anderes , als den Steueranteil sauber auszuweisen .
Ich sage ja auch nicht , dass die Mehrwertsteuer auf einen Schlag so hochgehen soll , das würde Jahre dauern .
In den skandinavischen Ländern ist sie jetzt schon viel höher als bei uns , zum Teil bei 25 Prozent , und diesen Ländern geht es deutlich besser als uns .
Ja , diese Konsumsteuer würde viele unserer strukturellen Probleme lösen .
Wieso denn das ?
Der gesamte Wertschöpfungsprozess wäre von hemmenden Steuern befreit , wirtschaftliche Initiative würde nicht mehr mit Abgaben bestraft , die Leistung würde entfesselt , wenn das Einkommen nicht mehr besteuert und Arbeit nicht verteuert wird .
Und da die Löhne niedriger würden , wäre die Auslagerung von Produktion ins Ausland überflüssig , der Standort Deutschland würde gestärkt .
Ich verstehe .
Ihr Modell ist vor allem eins : das perfekte Unternehmerparadies .
Und die Reichen werden noch reicher .
Sie denken immer noch zu kurz , viel zu kurz , und in den alten Schablonen .
Sie denken : Man muss die Unternehmer besteuern , damit man die Kleinen entlasten kann .
Das ist doch Lug und Trug .
Die Unternehmer , ich weiß wovon ich rede , zahlen doch so gut wie keine Steuern .
Wie bitte ?
Ich habe im Ohr die heftigen Rufe der darbenden Unternehmer : Die Steuern fesseln uns , sie erwürgen uns !
Ja , ja , ja , Geschrei .
Klagen und Jammern gehören zum Geschäft .
Aber jeder Unternehmer wälzt seine komplette Steuerlast auf die Preise ab .
Nein , ich glaube , mein Gesellschaftsentwurf wäre auch das Angestelltenparadies .
Die Unternehmer würden an Macht verlieren , die Gewerkschaften , die Politiker würden ebenfalls an Macht und Einfluss verlieren .
Aber jeder Bürger würde gewinnen .
An Würde und Sicherheit .
An wirklicher Freiheit : die Freiheit , nein sagen zu können .
Stellen
Sie sich doch mal vor , was so ein Grundeinkommen bewirken würde : Befreit von Existenzsorgen , würden die Leute nicht mehr ängstlich sparen , sie könnten konsumieren und , noch wichtiger : Ohne Zukunftsangst könnten sie ihre Talente entfalten , wirklich Mensch werden .
Und jeder wäre mit jedem auf gleicher Augenhöhe .
Menschenwürde ist etwas ganz Feines .
Ohne Angst könnten die Angestellten sagen : Bei diesem Arbeitgeber arbeite ich nicht , er verschmutzt die Umwelt zu sehr , er schikaniert seine Leute .
Ich gehe .
Also :
Sie wollen jedem Bürger tatsächlich 1500 Euro in die Hand geben , einfach so ?
Ja .
Das sprengt die Staatshaushalte .
Das wären etwa 1,4 Billionen Euro im Jahr , also gut zwei Drittel der Wirtschaftsleistung Deutschlands !
Ich sage ja nicht , dass wir sofort voll in das neue System einsteigen .
Das ist ein langer Prozess , der 15 , 20 Jahre dauern wird .
Es geht um einen Einstieg in das neue Denken .
Mit meiner Idee des Bürgergeldes kann man schon morgen - auf kleiner Flamme - anfangen .
Wir könnten schon morgen sagen : Jeder hat Anspruch auf 700 , 800 Euro .
Außerdem wird nicht jeder 1500 Euro bekommen , das Grundeinkommen wäre nach dem Alter gestaffelt , Kinder bekommen 300 Euro , Rentner etwas weniger als Leute im Arbeitsalter .
Über 720 Milliarden geben der Staat , die Länder , die Kommunen an Transferleistungen schon heute aus - an Arbeitslosengeld , Kindergeld , Sozialhilfe , Bafög , Wohnungsgeld und …
Das fällt dann alles weg ?
Ja , die Dinge sind alle im Grundeinkommen enthalten , also nun überflüssig .
Und somit passiert noch etwas :
Der aufgeblähte Verwaltungsapparat , diese gigantische Sozialbürokratie , die die Bürger kujoniert , würde dramatisch zusammenschnurren , zig Milliarden würden freigesetzt .
Ein Grundeinkommen von 800
Euro können wir uns also sofort leisten , das ist überhaupt nicht utopisch .
Bevor Sie mit Ihrem Traum ganz abheben , Herr Werner : Wer macht dann die Drecksarbeiten ?
Oder ganz profan :
Wer sitzt dann noch an der Kasse Ihrer Drogeriemärkte ?
Da legen sich doch alle mit ihren 1500 Euro in die Hängematte und ...
Nein , nein !
Natürlich müssen unangenehme Jobs , wenn sie nicht von Maschinen übernommen werden können , eventuell höher entlohnt werden .
Aber prinzipiell haben
Sie ein zu pessimistisches Menschenbild .
Das Grundeinkommen macht die Menschen doch nicht faul und apathisch , im Gegenteil .
Wir wollen etwas leisten .
Zwang hilft nicht .
Angst hilft nicht .
Aber wenn
Sie zufrieden sind , leisten Sie mehr .
Sie unterschätzen den immateriellen
Wert von Arbeit .
Arbeit macht auch Spaß .
Die Leute wollen arbeiten , sie möchten gemeinschaftlich etwas erreichen .
Schon 1966 hat Erich Fromm geschrieben , ohne Arbeit würden die Menschen verrückt werden , weil sie sich nicht für andere nützlich machen könnten .
Wenn die Arbeit kein Zwang mehr ist zur Existenzsicherung , wenn ich machen kann , was mich erfüllt , dann …
Sie hören sich nun an wie Karl Marx , der ...
Um Gottes willen , nein !
Hören Sie auf !
... der von der Aufhebung der Arbeit träumte und meinte , " das Reich der Freiheit beginnt in der Tat erst da , wo das Arbeiten , das durch Not und äußere Zweckmäßigkeit bestimmt ist , aufhört " .
Ja , ganz genau , das brauchen wir !
Das hat der junge Marx geschrieben , leider hat er im Alter diese Gedanken nicht weiter verfolgt .
Durch das Grundeinkommen ergäbe sich die Möglichkeit , wirklich sinnvolle Dinge zu tun , die unsere Gesellschaft so bitter nötig hat : die Arbeit am Menschen , Alten - und Krankenpflege , Kulturarbeit , Umweltschutz .
Stellen
Sie sich mal vor , die Menschen werden nicht mehr arbeiten , weil sie müssen , sondern weil sie wollen - das würde das soziale Klima in der Gesellschaft radikal verändern .
Sie sind ein Träumer .
Nein . Begreifen
Sie doch endlich , wir können nicht mehr so weitermachen wie bisher .
Wir stehen an einer Weggabelung .
Der Mensch lernt immer aus zwei Gründen : durch Einsicht oder nach Katastrophen .
Und wenn wir nicht wollen , dass bei uns Dinge passieren wie gerade in Frankreich , erst die Explosion der Vorstädte , nun der Aufruhr der Studenten , müssen wir über das Grundeinkommen nachdenken .
Im Klartext : Sie haben Angst , dass die Arbeitslosen rebellieren , das Wirtschaftssystem prinzipiell infrage stellen ?
Vielleicht ja .
Aber ich sehe das nicht so eng ideologisch .
Wir Menschen brauchen doch eine Perspektive .
Mich treibt diese Frage ganz konkret um :
Wir gehen auf eine Gesellschaft zu , in der die klassische Arbeit verschwindet .
Die Fabriken leeren sich .
Der Wirtschaft - Nobelpreisträger Milton Friedman geht davon aus , dass in ein paar Jahren wegen des technischen Fortschritts nur noch 20 Prozent Arbeit haben .
Der Münchner Soziologe Beck spricht davon , dass immer mehr Menschen schlichtweg das werden : " überflüssig " .
Kein Mensch ist überflüssig .
Jeder ist wichtig und wertvoll .
Die Frage ist doch , was die Menschen , die aus der klassischen Arbeit herausfallen , mit sich anfangen ?
Das ist eine Kulturfrage .
Wir müssen den Menschen Hoffnung geben .
Glaube .
Liebe .
Hoffnung .
Wenn wir das nicht schaffen , fallen wir ins Vegetieren zurück , dann sind wir bloß noch Tiermenschen , zweibeinige Tiere .
Sie sind Herr über 23.000 Menschen ...
Ich bin nicht " Herr über " .
Sie sind der Chef von 23.000 Angestellten und gut 1600 Filialen .
Nehmen Sie sich ein Beispiel am britischen Unternehmer Robert Owen : Der versuchte im 19 .
Jahrhundert seine sozialpolitischen Utopien in seinen Fabriken umzusetzen - keine Kinderarbeit , ein Zehn - Stunden - Arbeitstag .
Schaffen Sie in Ihrem Reich doch das Paradies im Kleinen - fangen Sie an !
Abgesehen davon , dass ich schon denke , dass in unserem Unternehmen ein anderer
Ton als üblich herrscht , hat ja das Beispiel Owen gezeigt , dass man so einen allumfassenden Entwurf nicht im Kleinen vorwegnehmen kann .
Owen hat einiges erreicht , ist in vielem gescheitert .
Nein , nicht im Kleinen müssen wir handeln , es geht ums Ganze , wir müssen die Denkblockaden der ganzen Gesellschaft überwinden .
Und das endgültige Ziel ist für mich klar : eine Gesellschaft ohne Angst .
Das ist der Polarstern .
Was hat Sie dazu gebracht , so über die Gesellschaft nachzudenken .
Die Klassiker .
Sie meinen Goethe , Schiller ...
… und noch einige andere mehr , ja .
Ich habe die Klassiker gelesen als eine Art Grundlagenforschung .
Ich war ja auch mal verzehrt von diesem üblichen Drang nach mehr , mehr .
Das hat mich fast umgebracht .
Aber irgendwann kommen die Fragen nach dem Sinn des Strebens .
Goethes " Faust " , Schillers " Ästhetische Briefe " halfen mir , die Welt neu zu sehen .
Das macht einen wahrnehmungsfähig .
" Werft die Angst des Irdischen von euch " , ruft Schiller , " Fliehet aus dem engen dumpfen Leben / In des idealen Reich ! "
Ja , darum geht es !
Als junger Mensch habe ich auch eher nach dem Motto gelebt : Drauf und los !
Aber wenn man älter wird , merkt man , dass Erfolg nicht heißt , wie erfolgreich bin ich , sondern wie gelingt es mir , andere erfolgreich zu machen .
Es geht immer um den Menschen .
Die Frage ist : Womit kann ich den Menschen dienen , nicht verdienen .
Edel , edel .
So sehe ich mich nicht , eher als einen - wie im " Faust " beschrieben - , der immer strebend sich bemüht .
Und weil " Faust " Sie so fasziniert , müssen heute Ihre Lehrlinge ...
Bei uns heißen sie " Lernlinge " .
... Theater spielen und " Faust " aufführen .
Sie müssen nicht , das ist ein Angebot .
" Abenteuer Kultur " nennen wir das , jedes Jahr nehmen an diesen Workshops 700 , 800 junge Menschen teil .
Die jungen Leute sind heute einem Beeindruckungsbombardement ohnegleichen ausgesetzt , sie sind reizüberflutet , sie sprechen - vom Fernsehen und dem allgemeinen Lärmen verformt - Stakkato .
Sie können sich kaum mehr ausdrücken .
Beim Theaterspielen erleben sie , was in ihnen ist .
Sie entdecken sich neu .
Und Sie glauben , Ihr Tun , Ihre Gedanken , das hilft , schafft eine bessere Welt ?
Ich weiß nicht .
Aber ich weiß , dass meine Ideen den Menschen Hoffnung geben .
Ich glaube auch , dass meine Ideen sich ausbreiten .
Ich bin da voller Vertrauen .
Sehen Sie mal , wie wenig
Hefe nötig ist , um den Teig zum Treiben zu bringen !
The Flickr Related Tag Browser requires Flash player 7 or higher .
Get Flash here
STEL : je bent tijdens het surfen net op een schitterend artikel over de iPod gebotst en nu wil je dat die tekst door zoveel mogelijk anderen gelezen wordt .
Wat doe je dan ?
Je kunt de link als leestip naar vrienden en kennissen doorsturen of - als je die hebt - op je eigen weblog plaatsen .
Maar je raakt er meestal niet mee van onder de kerktoren .
Wie een ruimer publiek wil bereiken , kan de hulp inroepen van websites als Digg of Reddit .
Dat zijn nieuwssites , maar dan zonder centrale redactie .
De surfer ...
Apple 's Mac OS X Leopard and Microsoft's Vista follow different strategies in their prerelease marketing , product positioning , and market positioning , and integration .
Here 's how both differ in development issues .
The Difference of Development
One of the Notable Lessons presented in The Rise and Fall of Platforms is that the ideal way to develop popular software products is to ship early and often , making regular and progressive updates .
Microsoft successfully applied this strategy with both Office and Windows in order to build what are perhaps the two strongest brands in consumer software .
In the 90’s , Microsoft Windows made rapid advancement in the decade between version 3.0 , the first release ever shipped pre-installed by a PC hardware maker and the first that could charitably be described as ‘ serviceable , ’ and version 5.1 , also known as Windows XP .
Linux and other open source projects also illustrate the success behind shipping early and often , with many free and open source projects offering new software builds on a daily basis .
Similarly , Google , Yahoo's Flickr , and other popular Web 2.0 services also attract users by progressively offering regular updates and new features .
When Development Stalls
While Apple has recently delivered frequent updates to Mac OS X and its growing software portfolio , the company 's past experiences demonstrate the devastating consequences of slipping behind and failing to deliver on announced technology plans .
The Rise of Windows described how Apple dropped the ball in its efforts to maintain forward momentum in Mac development in the early 90's , just as Microsoft Windows was gaining traction in the market as an alternative .
The result was catastrophic for Apple , and left Microsoft with little competition on the desktop .
Apple fell behind largely because the company 's leadership did little to set a progressive pace and steer a clear direction for the future .
Like a ship without a rudder or sails , Apple could only slowly float in the direction that past momentum has pushed it .
That was not good enough maintain the lead , because Microsoft was not only rowing frantically , but had a clear sense of direction on how to develop markets , attack competitors , and steal their booty .
Deus ex Machina !
After six years of protracted failure in attempting to deliver a substantial update to 1991 's rapidly aging Mac System 7 , NeXT suddenly appeared as a guardian angel to magically swoop down , fill Apple ’s sails with a infusion of new technology , and decisively set bold new directions for the company .
How CPR Saved Apple described how NeXT cast Apple 's underperforming dead weight overboard , and replaced its monolithic and proprietary technology plans with more modern and open components .
Leveraging existing , proven code from external open source projects allowed Apple to move faster and more efficiently .
Once up to speed , the new Apple charted a strategic course in new software development described in Why Apple Bounced Back , and worked develop an effective retail strategy .
The Shadow Stalker
In an almost spooky series of events , Microsoft has shadowed Apple ’s brush with death , making the exact same set of moves exactly ten years after Apple :
• In the mid 90s , Microsoft rapidly built upon its past success with MS - DOS to establish Windows as a vast empire ... just as Apple used the success of the Apple II as a stepping stone to launch the Mac in the mid 80s .
• From 1995 to 2001 , Microsoft rapidly delivered advancements to its desktop Windows product ... just as Apple rapidly advanced the Mac System Software from 1985 - 1991 .
• In 2001 , Microsoft began announcing technologies that would be released as part of Longhorn and later Blackcomb ... just as Apple described new technologies intended for Copland and Gershwin a decade prior .
• From 2002 - 2006 , Microsoft dropped features , changed plans , and started over several times in protracted efforts to ship Longhorn ... just as Apple had fumbled around with Copland ten years earlier .
• By 2006 , it was obvious that Microsoft 's Longhorn was not going to live up to the hype , and would really be just a refresh of the existing Windows XP ... just as Copland had been gutted in 1996 and its salvaged remains delivered as the optimistically named Mac OS 8 .
• Microsoft outed Blackcomb as vaporware ... just as Apple admitted that Gershwin had never been anything but a list of deferred goals ten years earlier .
What ’s Next ?
The only difference between Apple and Microsoft is that today , in the final days of 2006 , there is no equivalent to a 1996 NeXT waiting in the wings to swoop down and fix Microsoft 's mess .
The company promises not to fall prey to letting its development slip for half a decade again , but offers no credible suggestion of how they plan to prevent that from happening .
Microsoft obviously was n't planning to sit around for five years without delivering anything back in 2001 .
Baring an incubated technology company jumping out of the woodwork to save the day , Microsoft offers little explanation of how the company 's dead weight will be thrown overboard , how its snoozy old technology bathing in legacy will be outfitted by modern new ideas , and how its ongoing , headline grabbing security flaws and architectural deficiencies will be elegantly fixed .
The only way this metaphor could continue to play out would be if Linux assumed control of the PC this winter , kicked Microsoft 's old guard to the curb , and began preparing for the day when Windows is dramatically placed in a casket and all new development work is based on POSIX .
According to my calculations ( I just add ten ) , that should happen in 2012 .
The Copland Syndrome
As Mac users and developers from a decade ago remember , the half decade of transition from Mac OS 7.6 to Mac OS X was bumpy and fraught with uncertainty .
Even after NeXT got things back on track for Apple , the company suffered through a difficult period before it was obvious that the new Apple had a clear direction , full sails , and a competent crew .
In 2002 , Apple began to catch up with Windows XP when it delivered Mac OS X Jaguar .
A year later Apple shipped Panther , and a year and a half after that it shipped Tiger .
Meanwhile , Microsoft continued to revise its plans , drop features , and announce delays to the ship date for Longhorn , now called Vista .
That , in itself , is another difference that complicates comparing Leopard to Vista : Leopard is just the latest release of the continuously evolving Mac OS X , while Vista represents a monolithic chunk of a half decade of unreleased development .
Totally Quarked
That also puts Microsoft at an early disadvantage : short of time travel , there 's no way Microsoft can match Apple 's five years of shipped development work .
It is simply impossible to deliver any large and complex product without any issues , and as the size and complexity increase , so do the bugs and vulnerabilities .
Vista has some serious complications that hinder its ability to make up for lost time .
Last year ’s Is Microsoft ’s Vista the Next Quark XPress ?
compared Microsoft with Quark :
Like Quark , Microsoft is facing new competition .
Also like Quark , Microsoft is seriously underestimating the danger it faces in fumbling the ball just as that competition is in place for an interception .
Real Artists Ship
The size of Microsoft 's development resources do n't help , but instead actually complicates product management .
To get Vista in the hands of real users for hands on testing , Microsoft initiated a long public beta designed to work out as many bugs as possible .
During this time , ongoing development work continued and significant product changes were made ; major features of Vista were dropped or postponed .
In contrast , Apple has been releasing its ongoing work into actual production at regular intervals since 2001 .
Apple 's annual release schedule was so aggressive that developers asked the company to extend the period between releases .
Leopard marks the longest period between major Mac OS X releases ever : nearly two years .
Throughout the last half decade , Mac OS X has been in constant actual real world use by millions of users .
Apple has a delivered a proven track record for shipping planned features on time , and following up with regular updates and security patches .
Leveraging Open Source
A significant part of Apple 's ability to ship comes from its partnerships with open source developers .
That allows Apple to incorporate proven , high quality code as well as regular core OS technology advancements and refinements while concentrating on delivering a polished interface and usability .
Rather than tracking the code of outside projects , Microsoft maintains its own code .
This isolationism not only prevents Microsoft from adopting outside advances in technology , but also means that fewer people see the code and have the opportunity to point out problems or contribute fixes .
This gives Apple another advantage with Leopard over Vista : Leopard is n't a huge new ball of wax representing a half decade of code development that has only seen beta testing , but rather the latest evolution and refinement of Tiger , a product that already compares favorably with Microsoft 's soon to be released Vista .
The Difference of the Challenges Faced
Apple 's existing Mac OS X Tiger has been in ongoing use by millions of grandmas , creative professionals , school kids , and molecular biologists for nearly two years .
Leopard does n't face a huge list of security flaws , legacy baggage , and core architectural problems that desperately need to be fixed ; its just icing on a cake that already tastes pretty good .
Vista , on the other hand , faces significant challenges .
Microsoft 's existing Windows XP is the root of the most expensive destruction caused by any operating system ever .
Severely FUBAR
Windows deficiencies have spawned a third party market for antivirus and security tools that drains away many billions of dollars of direct repair costs , and untold billions of lost productivity every year .
Vista is challenged with solving poor engineering decisions made in past decades : some were the product of earlier technology limitations , but others were the result of sloppy and irresponsible development , a fact that even Microsoft publicly recognizes .
In addition to the problems Microsoft has created , the company also struggles with problems caused by bad third party development for which the company has no control .
Developers who skirted Microsoft 's public APIs and refuse to let go of deprecated legacy have forced the company to support a mess of old technology that impedes progress and folds excessive complexity into Microsoft 's code base .
Out of Control
If Microsoft were entirely in control of its own destiny , it could quickly banish support for legacy hardware and decisively move developers into the future by laying out clean new APIs and simply killing off the outdated , arcane ways of doing things that drag down Windows development like millions of tiny anchors tearing up the ocean floor as the ship from Redmond struggles to push forward .
As a smaller , nimbler company that is n’t hamstrung by foot dragging hardware partners , Apple can plot its own future , and has solved its legacy issues by enforcing the meaning of deprecated .
Apple is n't escaping a plague of viruses and spyware because of its smaller installed base , but rather because of the simpler , cleaner design of its software , a luxury afforded by the company 's power to move decisively and cast off the unnecessary baggage and boat anchors of past legacy .
This gives Apple another advantage with Leopard over Vista : Leopard can quickly adopt and exploit new features though its tight integration with a known , limited set of hardware precisely because it only runs on Apple 's Macs .
Microsoft 's Vista not only has to support an incredible variety of existing hardware , but is also obligated to support a lot of poorly written software as well .
This has worked in Microsoft 's favor in the past , as its legacy support served to complicate rivals ’ efforts to compete against Windows in the PC operating system market .
Against Apple however , it puts Microsoft at a significant disadvantage , particularly in the consumer markets Apple is targeting .
Legacy development issues also play into the technology that shapes the elegance Leopard and Vista can offer .
Next Article : Leopard vs Vista 6 : Technology
This Series
introduction + watch online + eight things + interviews + quiz + more to explore ...
join the discussion + correspondent 's chat + teacher 's guide
press reaction + tapes & transcript + credits + privacy policy
FRONTLINE home + wgbh + pbsi
Secret History of the Credit Card
The average American family today carries eight credit cards .
Credit card debt and personal bankruptcies are now at an all time high .
With no legal limit on the amount of interest or fees that can be charged , credit cards have become the most profitable sector of the American banking industry : more than $ 30 billion in profits last year alone .
FRONTLINE and The New York Times examine how the credit card industry became so pervasive , so lucrative , and so politically powerful .
Many software companies these days are built using some form of venture capital .
But the VC industry has been hurting lately .
A lot of investments in dotcoms turned out to be spectacular flameouts .
As a result , VCs are becoming ever more selective about where to put their money .
To get funded these days , it ’s not enough to be a pet shop on the web .
Nope !
You have to be a pet shop on the web with 802.11 b wireless hotspots , or your business plan is going right in the dumpster .
The formerly secretive world of VC has become a bit more transparent , of late .
VCs like Joi Ito , Andrew Anker , David Hornik , and Naval Ravikant have created weblogs which are a great source of insight into their thought process .
That dotcom thing resulted in three great books by company founders that look deep inside the process of early stage financing ( see footnote ) .
But as I read this stuff , as a founder of a company , I ca n’t help but think that there ’s something wrong with the VC model as it exists today .
Almost every page of these books makes me say , “ yep , that ’s why Fog Creek does n’t want venture capital . ”
There are certain fundamental assumptions about doing business in the VC world that make venture capital a bad fit with entrepreneurship .
And since it ’s the entrepreneurs who create the businesses that the VCs fund , this is a major problem .
Here ’s my perspective on that , from a company founder ’s point of view .
When people ask me if they should seek venture capital for their software startups , I usually say no .
At Fog Creek Software , we have never looked for venture capital .
Here ’s why .
The fundamental reason is that VCs do not have goals that are aligned with the goals of the company founders .
This creates a built - in source of stress in the relationship .
Specifically , founders would prefer reasonable success with high probability , while VCs are looking for fantastic hit - it - out - of - the - ballpark success with low probability .
A VC fund will invest in a lot of startups .
They expect about seven of them to fail , two of them to trudge along , and one of them to be The Next Netscape ( “ TNN ” ) .
It ’s OK if seven fail , because the terms of the deal will be structured so that TNN makes them enough money to make up for all the losers .
Although the real spreadsheets are many megabytes long and quite detailed , this is the VC ’s calculation :
A Probability of Success 10 % B How rich I would get $ 1,000,000,000 C Expected Return ( A x B ) $ 100,000,000
But founders are much more conservative than that .
They are not going to start ten companies in their lifetime , they ’re going to start , maybe , two .
A founder might prefer the following model :
A Probability of Success 80 % B How rich I would get $ 100,000,000 C Expected Return ( A x B ) $ 80,000,000
Even though the second model has a lower expected return , it is vastly preferable to most founders , who ca n’t diversify away the risk , while VCs who invest in dozens of businesses would prefer the first model because it has a greater return .
This is just Econ 101 ; it ’s the same reason you buy car insurance and Hertz does n’t .
The difference in goals means that VCs are always going to want their companies to do risky things .
Oh , sure , they ’ll deny it , but if they were really looking to do conservative risk - free things , they ’d be investing in U.S. Treasuries , not optical networking companies .
But as an entrepreneur , you ’re going to be forced at gunpoint to bet on three cherries again and again and again .
You know you ’re going to lose , but the gunman does n’t care , he ’s got bets on all the slot machines and one of them is going to pay off big time .
There ’s nothing controversial here .
A VC would say , “ that ’s what VC is for : investing in risky ideas . ”
Fair enough .
As long as the entrepreneur wants to take a 10 % chance , VC may be the way to go .
The trouble here is that the VC is now doing a perverse kind of selection .
They are looking for the founders with business ideas where the founders themselves think the idea probably wo n’t work .
The end result is that VC money ends up being used in bet - the - farm kind of ways .
This kind of recklessness causes companies like WebVan to blow $ 800,000,000 in a rather desperate attempt to buy a profitable business model .
The trouble is that they were going so fast that they did n’t have time to learn how to spend money in a way that has a positive return , which is , by definition , what you have to do to be profitable .
Here ’s my philosophy of company growth .
A growing company looks like this :
Oh , wait , I forgot to define the Y axis .
Let ’s assume this curve is my revenues :
There are some other things which grow at roughly the same speed .
For example , the number of employees :
And the number of people who have heard of your product , which we ’ll call “ PR ” :
There ’s also the “ quality of your code ” curve , based on the theory that good software takes ten years .
I ’ve drawn these curves moving up at roughly an equal rate .
That ’s not a coincidence .
In a small company , you regulate each of these curves so they stay roughly in sync .
Why ?
Because if any two of those curves get out of whack , you have a big problem on your hand — one that can kill your company .
For example :
Revenues grow faster than you can hire employees .
Result : customer service is inadequate .
Let ’s Result : customer service is inadequate .
Let ’s tune in to Alex Edelstein over at Cloudmark : “ [ Cloudmark Sales are ] pretty swamped , so they ’re not getting back properly to everyone … .
What ’s happening here now at Cloudmark is a little like the early days at Netscape when we just had too few people to properly respond to the customer interest . ”
Revenues grow slower than you hire employees .
Result : you burn cash at a ridiculous rate and go out of business .
That ’s an easy one .
PR grows faster than the quality of your code .
Result : everybody checks out your code , and it ’s not good yet .
These people will be permanently convinced that your code is simple and inadequate , even if you improve it drastically later .
I call this the Result : everybody checks out your code , and it ’s not good yet .
These people will be permanently convinced that your code is simple and inadequate , even if you improve it drastically later .
I call this the Marimba phenomenon .
Or , you get PR before there ’s a product people can buy , then when the product really comes out the news outlets do n’t want to do the story again .
We ’ll call this the Segway phenomenon .
Employees grows faster than code : Result : too many cooks working on code in the early days causes bad architecture .
Software development works best when a single person creates the overall architecture and only later parcels out modules to different developers .
And if you add developers too fast , development screeches to a halt , a phenomenon well understood since Result : too many cooks working on code in the early days causes bad architecture .
Software development works best when a single person creates the overall architecture and only later parcels out modules to different developers .
And if you add developers too fast , development screeches to a halt , a phenomenon well understood since 1975
And so on , and so on …
A small company growing at a natural pace has a reasonable chance of keeping these things in balance .
But VCs do n’t like the flat part of the curve at the beginning , because they need an exit strategy in which the hockey - stick part of the curve occurs before their fund needs to cash out , about six years according to VC Joi Ito .
This is in direct conflict with the fact that good software can’t really accomplish this kind of growth .
Hockey stick , there will be , but it will take longer than most VCs are willing to wait .
Remember my chart of Lotus Notes ?
Good heavens , I am repeating myself .
VCs try to speed things up by spending more money .
They spend it on PR , and then you get problem 3 ( “ PR grows faster than code ” ) .
They spend it on employees , and then you get problem 4 ( “ too many cooks ” ) and problem 2 ( “ high burn rate ” ) .
They hire HR people , marketing people , business development people .
They spend money on advertising .
And the problem is , they spend all this money before anyone has had a chance to learn what the best way to spend money is .
So the business development guy wanders around aimlessly and accomplishes zilch .
You advertise in magazines that VCs read , not magazines that your customers read .
And so on .
OK , that ’s the first part of the VC crisis .
The second part is the fact that VCs hear too many business plans , and they need to reject 999 out of 1000 .
There appear to be an infinite number of business plans looking for funding .
A VC ’s biggest problem is filtering the incoming heap to find what they consider to be that needle in the haystack that ’s worth funding .
So they get pretty good at saying “ no , ” but they ’re not so good at saying no to the bad plans and yes to the good plans .
When you have to say “ no ” 999 times for every time you say “ yes , ” your method becomes whack - a- mole .
Find the flaw , say no .
Find the flaw , say no .
The faster you find flaws , the more business plans you can ding .
Over at VentureBlog you can amuse yourself for an hour with some of the trivial reasons VCs will ding you .
PowerPoint too complicated ?
Ding !
Wo n’t tell us your magic sauce ?
Ding !
You did n’t research the VC before you came in ?
Ding !
It ’s not their fault ; they are just trying to say no 999 times in as efficient a way as possible .
All of this reminds me too much of the old - school manager who hires programmers based on what school they went to or whether they look good in a suit .
Naval Ravikant , a VC at August Capital , reveals the classic VC myopia of feeling like they just do n’t have time to get to know entrepreneurs that are n’t ready to pitch yet .
“ Most VCs are too busy to ‘ dance , ’ ” he wrote .
They are too busy vetting serious proposals to shmooze with interesting companies that might not need cash right now .
This is , roughly , the equivalent of the old joke about the guy searching for his car keys under a streetlamp .
“ Did you lose them here ? ” asks the cop .
“ No , I lost them over there , but the light ’s better here . ”
But the great companies are often not the ones that spend all their time begging for investments .
They may already be profitable .
They may be too busy to look for VC , something which is a full time job for many entrepreneurs .
Many excellent entrepreneurs feel that their time is better spent pitching products to customers rather than pitching stock to investors .
It ’s bizarre that so many VCs are willing to ignore these companies simply because they are n’t playing the traditional get - funded game .
Get out there and pursue them !
Here ’s another funny thing that ’s happening .
VCs are reacting to the crash by demanding ever stricter conditions for investments .
It ’s now considered standard that the VC gets all their money back before anyone else sees a dime , no matter what percent of the company they actually own .
VCs feel like this protects their interests .
What they ’re forgetting is that it reduces the quality of startups that are willing to make deals .
Here ’s one of VC Joi Ito ‘s suggestion for VCs : “ Sign a ‘ no shop ’ and get a letter of intent ( LOI ) signed quickly so an auction does n’t start jacking up the price . ”
A no shop is sometimes called an exploding term sheet .
It means that the company must either accept the deal on the spot or it wo n’t get funded at all .
The theory is , we do n’t want you going around to other VCs trying to get a better deal .
It ’s common among the second - tier VCs , but the best VCs are usually willing to stand on their own merits .
It seems to me that a company that accepts an exploding offer is demonstrating a remarkable lack of basic business aptitude .
Every building contractor in New York knows you request bids from five or ten plumbers before you award the contract .
If a plumber said , “ I ’ll do it for $x , but if you shop around , deal ’s off , ” the contractor would laugh his head off and throw the plumber out on the street .
Nothing sends a stronger message that an offer is uncompetitive than refusing to expose it to competition .
And that ’s for a $ 6000 kitchen installation .
Getting $ 10 million in funding for a business is the biggest and most important deal in the life of a company .
You ’re going to be stuck with this VC forever , they ’re going to want to control your board of directors , they ’re going to push the founders out and bring in some polished CEO as quickly as they can , someone who will take the picture of the cat off your homepage and replace it with the usual MBA jargon .
And now they want you to agree to all this in a matter of fifteen minutes without talking to anyone else ?
Yeah , right .
VCs who make exploding offers are pretty much automatically eliminating all the people with good business sense from their potential universe of companies .
Again , it does make it easier to say no 999 times , but you ’re pretty much guaranteed to say no to all the companies with a modicum of negotiating skills .
This is not the correlation you ’re looking for .
In fact , just about everything the VCs do to make their deals “ tougher , ” like demanding more control , more shares , more preferential shares , lower valuations , death spiral convertible stock , etc. , is pretty much guaranteed to be at the expense of the founders in a very zero - sum kind of way .
And this means that smart founders , especially the ones with businesses that can survive a lack of funding , are going to walk away .
VCs must realize that if the business flops , no matter how much control you have , the investor is going to lose everything .
Look at the story of arsDigita .
A nasty fight over control gives Phil Greenspun enough money to buy an airplane , and the VCs still lost every penny when the company went down the tubes .
So all these tough deals are not really protecting the VCs , they ’re just restricting the VCs ’ world of possible investments to dumb companies and desperate companies .
Sam Bhaumik , VC , says “ VCs are being aggressive , but most requests are legitimate . ”
The capital belongs to public pension funds and university endowments , he notes , using the standard widows - and - orphans sob story .
Boo hoo .
Come on , public pension funds and university endowments are the savviest investors out there ; do n’t tell me they need coddling and protecting .
They ’re investing in risky venture funds for a reason : they want to get paid for taking risk .
If they wanted protection , they ’d invest in US Treasuries .
There are probably hundreds of software companies started every day .
Of that universe , there is a small number that are actively looking for early stage investors .
Of that small number , an even smaller portion is willing to go along with the current harsh deals that VCs are offering .
Now slice away the founders who are afraid of being arsDigita’d .
The population shrinks even more as VCs reject companies that do n’t match their — quite reasonable — criteria for spotting a successful company .
You wind up with a tiny number of investment opportunities which , quite frankly , is vanishingly unlikely to contain The Next Netscape .
More Reading
Considering VC ?
First read this article on the web :
An Engineer ’s View of Venture Capitalists , by Nick Tredennick
Do n’t miss these three books by company founders :
A movie about the process :
And do n’t forget :
Weblogs by VCs :
" Programs must be written for people to read , and only incidentally for machines to execute . "
– Abelson & Sussman , SICP , preface to the first edition
" That language is an instrument of human reason , and not merely a medium for the expression of thought , is a truth generally admitted . "
– George Boole , quoted in Iverson 's Turing Award Lecture
" the greatest single programming language ever designed "
- Alan Kay , on Lisp
" One of the most important and fascinating of all computer languages is Lisp ( standing for " List Processing " ) , which was invented by John McCarthy around the time Algol was invented . "
- Douglas Hofstadter , Godel , Escher , Bach
" Lisp is a programmable programming language . "
- John Foderaro , CACM , September 1991
" One can even conjecture that Lisp owes its survival specifically to the fact that its programs are lists , which everyone , including me , has regarded as a disadvantage . "
- John McCarthy , " Early History of Lisp "
" Lisp is n't a language , it 's a building material . "
- Alan Kay
" Greenspun 's Tenth Rule of Programming : any sufficiently complicated C or Fortran program contains an ad hoc informally - specified bug - ridden slow implementation of half of Common Lisp . "
- Philip Greenspun
" Including Common Lisp . "
- Robert Morris
" Lisp is worth learning for the profound enlightenment experience you will have when you finally get it ; that experience will make you a better programmer for the rest of your days , even if you never actually use Lisp itself a lot . "
- Eric Raymond , " How to Become a Hacker "
" Some may say Ruby is a bad rip - off of Lisp or Smalltalk , and I admit that .
But it is nicer to ordinary people . "
- Matz , LL2
" We were not out to win over the Lisp programmers ; we were after the C++ programmers .
We managed to drag a lot of them about halfway to Lisp . "
- Guy Steele , Java spec co-author
" Lisp has jokingly been called " the most intelligent way to misuse a computer " .
I think that description is a great compliment because it transmits the full flavor of liberation : it has assisted a number of our most gifted fellow humans in thinking previously impossible thoughts . "
- Edsger Dijkstra , CACM , 15:10
" Lisp is a programmer amplifier . "
- Martin Rodgers ( first said by Chuck Moore about Forth )
" Lisp ... made me aware that software could be close to executable mathematics . "
- L. Peter Deutsch
" I object to doing things that computers can do . "
- Olin Shivers
" Common Lisp , a happy amalgam of the features of previous Lisps "
- Winston & Horn , Lisp
" Imprisoned in every fat man a thin man is wildly signaling to be let out . "
- Cyril Connolly
" Common Lisp is politics , not art . "
- Scott Fahlman
" Lisp was far more powerful and flexible than any other language of its day ; in fact , it is still a better design than most languages of today , twenty - five years later .
Lisp freed ITS 's hackers to think in unusual and creative ways .
It was a major factor in their successes , and remains one of hackerdom 's favorite languages . "
- Eric Raymond , in Open Sources on MIT 's first OS , ITS
" Lisp does n't look any deader than usual to me . "
- David Thornley , reply to a question older than most languages
Most papers in computer science describe how their author learned what someone else already knew .
- Peter Landin
( This is a paraphrase .
I 'd appreciate it if anyone can tell me the exact quote . )
" The only way to learn a new programming language is by writing programs in it . "
- Kernighan and Ritchie
" If I had a nickel for every time I 've written " for ( i = 0 ; i < N ; i++ ) " in C I 'd be a millionaire . "
- Mike Vanier
" SQL , Lisp , and Haskell are the only programming languages that I 've seen where one spends more time thinking than typing . "
- Philip Greenspun
" Language designers are not intellectuals .
They 're not as interested in thinking as you might hope .
They just want to get a language done and start using it . "
- Dave Moon
" A man , a plan , a canoe , pasta , heros , rajahs , a coloratura , maps , snipe , percale , macaroni , a gag , a banana bag , a tan , a tag , a banana bag again ( or a camel ) , a crepe , pins , Spam , a rut , a Rolo , cash , a jar , sore hats , a peon , a canal -- Panama ! "
- Guy Steele , CLTL2
" The continuation that obeys only obvious stack semantics , O grasshopper , is not the true continuation . "
- Guy Steele
" I have heard more than one LISP advocate state such subjective comments as , " LISP is the most powerful and elegant programming language in the world " and expect such comments to be taken as objective truth .
I have never heard a Java , C++ , C , Perl , or Python advocate make the same claim about their own language of choice . "
- A guy on Slashdot .
What theory fits this data ?
" Although my own previous enthusiasm has been for syntactically rich languages , like the Algol family , I now see clearly and concretely the force of Minsky 's 1970 Turing Lecture , in which he argued that Lisp 's uniformity of structure and power of self reference gave the programmer capabilities whose content was well worth the sacrifice of visual form . "
- Robert Floyd , Turing Award Lecture , 1979
" The key to performance is elegance , not battalions of special cases . "
– Jon Bentley and Doug McIlroy
" Do n't worry about what anybody else is going to do .
The best way to predict the future is to invent it . "
– Alan Kay
" I suppose I should learn Lisp , but it seems so foreign . "
- Paul Graham , Nov 1983
Woody Allen has been playing himself for so many years now that one wonders if his personality might , at some stage , actually run out .
He admits that when he is filming he grows tired of his image and , for the past few years , audiences have tired of it too .
But when asked if he worries whether he might , one day , stop being funny he says , " Well , no .
Because if I wake up , I 'm going to be funny , because it 's me .
It 's not that I put on a thing to do it ; I wake up in the morning and I can write .
I roll out of bed and I can write ; I can write - that 's what I do , that 's me .
So it would have to be a complete personality change for that to happen . "
Allen at 70 looks little different to the young man who appeared in Play It Again , Sam in 1972 .
His agelessness is often remarked upon and it is curious ; the pale , unlined face is soft - looking , like moleskin , and the eyes are wide , in the way of all creatures who spend too much time straining to see through the dark .
On the evidence of our interview , Allen 's public persona is a barely exaggerated version of his private self ; he really does whine ; he really does see the world as a tragic place ; he really is amused , in a ghoulish way , by the suspension of disbelief that allows people to function in the face of their own mortality .
You either like him for this or you do n't ; if you do ( I do ) , then the shtick is enough to make even in the slightest of his films a joy ; if you do n't , he is simply horrid .
Even so , for the past decade , ever since the triumph of Bullets Over Broadway ( it was nominated for eight Oscars and won one ) , Woody Allen films have been a little samey , have looked a little tired , which is why his new production , Match Point , benefits greatly from the fact that he is not in it .
It is the first film he has shot in London and it is big and long and serious , something the audience is tipped off about early on when the lead character , played by Jonathan Rhys - Meyers , is filmed casually reading Crime and Punishment ( Allen says the book " puts my movie to shame " ) .
Although the title sounds like a made - for - TV movie , this is Allen as the sort of film - maker he has always admired , but rather defensively sent up .
It tackles big , Greek themes , with a classical score , beautifully shot and shockingly concluded .
The film revisits the age - old debate of character versus fate , faith versus self - determination and above all , luck ; at what stage does a series of bad line calls constitute a destiny ?
" I had an idea about wanting to do something about the role that luck plays in life , " he says , " and that we 're all terrified to face up to that .
Everyone wants to think that they , you know , control their lives , or at least have some control .
You like to think , you know , well , if I exercise and eat right and do n't smoke , I 'm going to ...
But that does n't do it .
And no amount of planning can account for the big part that luck plays .
I wanted to write a story that would illustrate that . "
Is he lucky ?
Yes , he says ; he must be , in some way , merely by virtue of the fact that he is successful .
" People are often not honest about it , but the truth of the matter is that you are very dependent on ...
You know , when I started in show business , there were guys and girls who were as talented as me or more ; and you know , one died in a plane crash .
You know ... what can you ... you need luck .
It 's a very , very important part of your life , and you do n't acknowledge that . "
Match Point is still very obviously a Woody Allen production ; the incidental chat , although it is strange to hear it being spoken in London rather than New York vernacular , is sharp and funny and , he says , improvised as usual , by a supporting cast that includes Penelope Wilton and Brian Cox .
The film suffers slightly from an American director 's tourist - board view of London - the characters are forever hanging around outside Tate Modern , or Buckingham Palace as the changing of the guard is going on .
But it is otherwise an assured portrait of the upper middle classes and what happens when people stop feeling accountable for their actions .
" I anglicised it myself but I asked an [ English ] friend to go over it and point out where I made blunders .
Occasionally an actor would say , ' You 'd really say " dodgy " and not " dicey " here ' , or something . "
Allen does not read his own reviews , or rewatch his own films , once they are finished .
The former do not mean anything to him - " If the reviews were good , it never changed my life for the better ; and if the reviews were bad , it never changed my life for the worse " - and the latter , well , he is more often than not unhappy with a film once he has finished it , and watching it again just brings down his mood .
He envies easier personality types , those of his peers who can finish a film and go to a big party on opening night and at least give a good impression of enjoying themselves .
But Allen does not get pleasure from it .
" I just work from film to film and I 'm almost burning on a low flame of depression .
You know ?
It 's not the kind of depression that sends you to use drugs or medicine .
But , you know , I do n't really care if people do n't like a film of mine very much , and I do n't really get much pleasure if the film is successful . "
This sounds to me like an extraordinary self - confidence .
He laughs .
" It 's a kind of , um , it 's an apathy that 's mistaken for either reclusiveness or arrogance or could be mistaken for confidence .
But it 's not . "
His neuroses are , of course , what made him ; the funny little guy who always won the beautiful girl , be she Diane Keaton or Mira Sorvino or Julia Roberts or , more recently , Charlize Theron .
He cast Scarlett Johansson in Match Point , and she is very good , but Allen has never disguised the buzz he gets from surrounding himself with beautiful women , or failed to point out that he would not get within 10 feet of them if he was n't a successful film - maker .
" He 's a sleazy little megalomaniac who 's frightened of women , " said Helen Hunt 's character in the Curse of the Jade Scorpion , and this is Allen turning directly to his critics and saying , I know , I know - but can you blame me ?
I wonder if he would at any time have traded being funny for being beautiful himself ?
" Not beautiful , ' cos I 've never cared about that .
But I would 've exchanged being funny for being a tragedian .
Yuh .
I always would 've done that , from day one , to now , I mean , I always would have preferred that .
Not as a performer : I 'm not one of those people that wants to play Hamlet ; I could n't care less about that .
But I wish my career could have been one in which film after film had not been comedies , but been dramas and tragedies . "
Because they are taken more seriously ?
" Because I take them more seriously . "
This is a discussion that Allen started in his film before last , Melinda and Melinda , and which Match Point continues : whether life is essentially comic or tragic .
The conceit in Melinda was a bit laboured and the film not well received - in it , Allen filmed two parallel interpretations of a single story , each illustrating either a comic or a tragic possibility .
I assume he comes down on the side of life being tragic ?
" Oh , clearly .
Without any question I think life is tragic .
There are oases of comedy within it .
But , when the day is done and it's all over , the news is bad .
We come to an unpleasant end . "
The death of Allen 's own parents was , he says , a relatively " minor " event ; his father was " slightly over 100 " ; his mother was " 95 , and , you know , it had no resonance , or trauma .
These were elderly people who had led long , good lives , and were in decline in their last years . "
This is n't to say that he has reached an accommodation with himself over the prospect of dying .
" No , I have n't .
And getting older has no redeeming quality .
I have n't mellowed , I have n't gained any wisdom , it 's a bad thing .
You do n't wanna get older , it has nothing going for it . "
Is n't having children a consolation of some sort ?
Allen has two adopted and one biological child with Mia Farrow , and has adopted two more with Soon - Yi , Farrow 's adopted daughter with André Previn , whom he married in 1997 .
" No .
There 's no sense of continuity .
No sense of , no sense of ... I always used to think that art is the intellectual 's Catholicism .
You think that because your work may by seen after your death , or read , after your death , that it 's compensation .
But it 's not .
Not kids , or art or anything .
There is nothing compensating about your own death . "
He has not mellowed because he says he was never " unmellow " ; not , for example , like Groucho Marx , " who was a terror .
But I was never a terror . "
When he married Soon - Yi , however , that is how he was portrayed in the press .
During the bitter custody battle he fought with Farrow she accused him of abusing one of the children , for which no evidence was found .
He says he kept his head down throughout the court case and survived the media onslaught because of this " low - flame depression " which he always runs on .
" The legal part of it , my lawyers handled .
And I stayed home and worked , while everything was going on .
I did Manhattan Murder Mystery ; I did the jazz documentary , I did Bullets Over Broadway , I did Death Defying Acts , a play .
It was not the kind of thing that was on my mind , believe it or not , because there was nothing I could do about it , it was strictly a legal thing .
Much of what I heard about it was way off the mark ; I do n't mean wrong in a derogatory way to me , just not even close to what was going on .
And so it was fine . "
His marriage to Soon - Yi continues to surprise him .
If anyone had told him he would find stability and happiness with , as he puts it , " an Asian woman , not in showbusiness , much younger than me , I would have thought they were crazy .
' Cos all the women I went out with were in showbusiness , they were my age , they were little blonde girls , you know .
But this has been just great , totally . "
Is she relaxed about him working with lots of beautiful women ?
" She 's reasonably cool with it .
I mean , I think she would feel 100 % comfortable if I was working with , you know , Robin Williams .
But she 's generally OK with it , and I 'm no threat , so it 's OK . "
I ask if he still has contact with his other children .
" Uh-uh . "
No ?
" No . I do n't have contact . "
He says he has agreed not to publicly discuss it .
Does Soon - Yi ever see Mia Farrow these days ?
Allen looks horrified .
" Oh no , no .
God no . "
There was a time when this conversation with Allen would have blotted out all others ; when his public persona as a harmless geek who , if he caused pain , at least suffered commensurately himself , was replaced by that of a sleaze and a predator ; when even his most ardent fans found him distasteful and picked over his back catalogue for signs that he was always like that .
Those days seem now to have passed ; those who said they could never watch a Woody Allen film in the same way again have , in the way of these things , mostly forgotten .
In any case , there have n't been many must - see Allen films in the past 10 years .
Match Point is his return to form - more than that , perhaps ; at 70 , the beginning of a new maturity .
None of this changes anything in his own mind .
The day before I see Allen he has finished making another film , called Scoop , also shot in London and starring Scarlett Johansson , to be released next year .
How does he feel about it ?
" Very negative , " he says , and his eyes open wide .
The project will generate a huge amount of data
The UK Biobank aims to obtain DNA samples from up to 500,000 people aged 40 - 69 and track their health .
It is hoped the database will be used to find cures for killer illnesses such as heart disease , diabetes and cancer .
The project received unanimous support from a team of international experts and its financial backers following a three - month pilot around Manchester .
This study has the opportunity to make a real difference to the health of future generations
Dr Mark Walport
Letters will be sent to men and women in the target group by the end of the year , inviting them to attend one of a network of assessment centres to be set up in locations around the UK .
Over a three to four - year recruitment period , there will be around 35 centres in England , Scotland and Wales , each open for about six months .
The centres will be located in areas where there are about 150,000 men and women aged 40 - 69 living within a 10 - mile radius .
Complex interactions
The project will gather , store and protect a vast bank of medical data and material .
We would still like to see a much more open process of decision making which actively involves members of the public
Dr Helen Wallace
GeneWatch
The aim is to give accredited researchers a rich resource which they can use to examine how the complex interplay of genes , lifestyle and environment affects our risk of disease .
The £ 61 m project is being funded by the Medical Research Council ( MRC ) , the Wellcome Trust , the Department of Health , the Scottish Executive and the North West Regional Development Agency .
A final protocol has been closely assessed by an independent International Review Panel set up by the funders .
In its report , the panel concluded that " UK Biobank has the potential , in ways that are not currently available elsewhere , to support a wide range of research " .
It also praised the planning of the project , and the way it had dealt with potential ethical problems .
Professor Rory Collins , UK Biobank 's Principal Investigator , was delighted that the project had been given the thumbs up .
Important insights
He said : " For decades to come , the UK Biobank resource should provide researchers around the world with vital insights into some of the most distressing diseases of middle and old age . "
Professor Colin Blakemore , MRC chief executive , said the project would provide scientists with " unprecedented opportunities to improve people 's lives " .
" UK Biobank offers enormous potential to find out more about the complex links between our genes , the lives we lead and our health .
" Over the coming years the data from this study will grow into a unique resource for future generations . "
His view was echoed by Dr Mark Walport , director of the Wellcome Trust .
He said : " This study has the opportunity to make a real difference to the health of future generations . "
Health Minister Andy Burnham said the endorsement of Biobank showed the UK was at the forefront of applying new genetics - based knowledge for the benefit of patients .
" Our academic and industrial research prowess , coupled with ethically robust research governance procedures , means we are already among the leading players in genetics research and development . "
However , Biobank does not have universal support .
Many leading medical researchers are concerned that it will be difficult to accurately track lifestyle factors , such as diet and exercise of 500,000 people .
As a result , they say , the study will be superficial - and could find false links between genes and disease .
Dr Helen Wallace , of the group GeneWatch , said there was a concern that research funding might be better used elsewhere .
She said : " We would still like to see a much more open process of decision - making which actively involves members of the public . "
The C++ Source
A Pause to Reflect : Five Lists of Five , Part II
The Most Important C++ Non-Book Publications ...
Ever
Opinion
by Scott Meyers
August 16 , 2006
Advertisement
Summary
In this article , Scott Meyers shares his picks for the five most important non-book publications in the history of C++ , along with why he chose them .
In this article , Scott Meyers shares his picks for the five most important non-book publications in the history of C++ , along with why he chose them .
Last week , in the first article in this series , I identified what I consider to be the most important C++ books , but many important publications about C++ did n’t come in book form .
There were also articles in journals , magazines , and on the web ; doctoral dissertations and conference proceedings ; newsgroups postings ; blog entries ; standardization documents , etc .
They ’ve all played a role in the propagation of ideas seminal to the advancement of C ++.
I have n’t read all of them .
I have n’t even read most of them .
But as somebody whose job it is to follow C++ , I can say that I ’ve read a lot of them .
This week ’s list covers my choices for the five most important non-book publications in the history of C ++.
As I did when putting together my book list , I limited myself to exactly five publications , I included my own work in the set of candidates ( though nothing I wrote was important enough to make the list ) , and I ordered the list entries by date of publication .
This category forced me to wrestle with a difficult question : if publication A contains an idea that has little direct impact on C++ , but the author of publication B reads publication A and includes the idea in publication B , and if B then has wide effect , which publication is more important , A ( the “ inventor ” ) or B ( the “ popularizer ” ) ?
I chose B , not because this is inherently correct , but because I did n’t want to try to ferret out from the authors of the following publications whether their ideas were derived from other publications .
1
Instead , I ’m taking a page from the C++ language playbook .
As you know , const is shallow in const member functions : pointer data members automatically become const , but what they point to does n’t .
In the following list , the publications I cite are , by definition , important , but I assume that the publications on which they are based ( and of which I am ignorant ) are unimportant .
As in C++ itself , this may not be correct behavior , but it ’s easy to implement , and it ’s therefore what I do .2
Before proceeding to the list , kindly indulge me in a brief elegy for C++ Report , the most significant serial publication ever dedicated to C++.
( If you ’re not feeling kindly , just skip to the next paragraph . )
During most of its years of publication ( 1989 - 2000 ) , C++ Report was the paper - based watering hole for the movers and shakers of the C++ world .
( The electronic analogue during that period was initially the Usenet newsgroup comp.lang .c++ and later the newsgroups comp.std.c++ and comp.lang.c++.moderated . )
Everybody who was anybody published in C++
Report , including names you ’ve almost certainly heard of ( e.g. , all the authors on my “ most important C++ books ” list ) and many more you may not have ( e.g. , the authors of some of the articles below , as well as .... the list is too long to even start .
I know , because I started it , and after a few names , I realized I would either have to include dozens or risk implying that omitted names were less important than included ones .
Rather than do that , I ’ll list none , but trust me , in its heyday — which was most of its life — C++
Report attracted the best authors in the business : the ones with the most interesting things to say and the greatest ability to say it . )
When C++ Report closed shop , many of its columnists moved to C/C++
Users Journal , but that magazine never held the magic for me that C++
Report did , and now that CUJ is gone , there ’s nothing left of C++
Report except prattling old codgers like me bemoaning the passage of time .
Okay , I feel better now , so let ’s move on to my list of the five most important non- book C++ publications ... ever :
Programming in C++ , Rules and Recommendations by Mats Henricson and Erik Nyquist , Ellemtel Telecommunication Systems Laboratories , 1992 .
I mentioned in my previous article in this series that by the early 1990s , many programmers were looking for guidance on how to harness the power of C++ , and they were often interested in coding guidelines that would tell them what to do and what to avoid doing .
At about the same time I tried to offer such guidance in Effective C++ , Mats Henricson and Erik Nyquist published their programming guidelines on the internet .
In fact , their guidelines had already been available for some time , but they had been in Swedish , which had rather limited their appeal .
The Ellemtel guidelines were technically sound and easy to read , and they became both popular and influential .
It soon became known that they were to be made available in book form , a development which filled me with some foreboding .
( Competition may be good for the market , but at the time , I was pretty much the only player in the market , and I liked it that way .
3 ) We kept expecting the book and expecting the book and expecting the book , and years went by .
It finally came out at the end of 1996 ( Industrial Strength C++ by Mats Henricson and Erik Nyquist , Prentice Hall , 1997 ) , but by then , many of its guidelines were out of date with respect to contemporary compilers , and much of the information it contained had become so well known in the C++ community , it was perceived to be less useful than it had been four years earlier when the guidelines first appeared in English .
I read the book , first with interest , then with some sadness , because I felt that during the four - year transition from internet document to book , not only had the technical information lost some of its edge , the writing itself had lost its soul .
My guess is that the manuscript may have entered endless rounds of reviews with a goal being to achieve consensus with reviewers on everything .
That would explain why it took so long to be published as well as why the resulting writing was so much blander .
The book made a smaller splash than I suspect its authors ( and publisher ) hoped , but that does n’t diminish the impact of the original internet document .
When it came out , C++ programmers ate it up .
It was an important step in the codification of C++ best practices .
“ Exception Handling : A False Sense of Security ” by Tom Cargill , C++ Report , November - December 1994 .
In 1994 , there was a strong sense of smugness in the C++ community .
C++ was the hot programming language , jobs were plentiful , and there was a feeling of limitless possibilities .
Within the prior few years , the language had added a number of important new language features , including multiple inheritance , templates , and most recently , exceptions .
Because exceptions were new , articles describing them appeared regularly in C++ Report and wherever else C++ programmers gathered to talk shop .
Most articles reflected the smugness of the age : “ Exceptions are wonderful .
They make handling error conditions simple .
All you have to understand is try , throw , and catch .
Here , watch me develop a stack class and demonstrate how exceptions make coding in C++ better than ever . ”
Tom Cargill ’s article ( actually an instance of his recurring column , “ C++ Gadfly ” — certainly one of the most aptly named columns ever created ) obliterated the self - satisfied smile from our collective faces .
In a single sentence , Cargill explained that try , throw , and catch had nothing to do with the matter :
The really hard part of using exceptions is to write all the intervening code [ between the throw and the catch ] in such a way that an arbitrary exception can propagate from its throw site to its handler , arriving safely and without damaging other parts of the program along the way .
The column went on to vivisect a previous C++ Report column of the “ exceptions are wonderful ” variety I described above , 4 and it ended with a challenge ( Cargill called it an “ invitation ” ) : to publish an exception - safe stack class .
That challenge led to a flurry of responses , but , in my opinion , the challenge was not really met until an article by Herb Sutter in 1997 ( see below ) .
Tom Cargill ’s column not only demonstrated that our thinking about exceptions was naïve , I think it also marked an end of innocence for C ++.
By the time we ’d figured out how to write exception - safe code , Java was the new darling programming language ( it ’s now Ruby on Rails from what I can tell ) , and the unquestioned “ we ’re number one ! ” mentality has never really returned .
“ Curiously Recurring Template Patterns , ” by Jim Coplien , C++ Report , February 1995 .
The significance of this article lies not in what it described , but in the fact that it gave it a name .
This is doubly ironic , because the article was an instance of Coplien ’s column , “ The Column Without a Name , ” and the name he assigned has got to be the strangest one in the patternverse : The Curiously Recurring Template Pattern ( CRTP ) .
5
The pattern itself is the use of a derived class as the parameter to its own templatized base class : template < typename T > class Base { ... } ; class Derived : public Base < Derived > { ... } ;
Most people whose template usage strays beyond containers of T eventually come up with a design that incorporates the CRTP , and when they do , it ’s common for them to doubt that it will compile , and , when they discover ( possibly to their horror ) that it will , worry that their design is a symptom of early - onset dementia .
That ’s when Coplien ’s contribution kicks in .
More experienced colleagues can offer reassurance : “ No , you ’re not insane .
Having a derived class inherit from a base class templatized on the derived class can not only be a legitimate design technique , it ’s even got a name : the Curiously Recurring Template Pattern . ”
“ Using C++ Template Metaprograms ” by Todd Veldhuizen , C++ Report , May 1995 .
This article represented the first large - scale public appearance of template metaprogramming ( TMP ) .
It was a momentous occasion , and I completely missed the boat .
I remember reading the article and thinking , “ Okay , so you can use recursively instantiated templates to simulate for loops during compilation .
And you can use template specialization to implement compile - time switch statements .
That ’s nice , but why would you want to ? ”
Actually , I ’m lying .
What I really thought was , “ But you ’d have to be a lunatic to want to . ” 6
That there was no shortage of lunatics in the C++ community failed to surprise me , nor did the fact that further articles on TMP continued to appear in various fora , but I honestly thought that TMP was a technology too conceptually bizarre and syntactically foreboding to have any legs .
It ’s now clear that it ’s got legs aplenty , though I take some solace in the knowledge that most people seem to agree that it is syntactically intimidating and , if not conceptually bizarre , it ’s at least well out of the mainstream .
Still , it ’s a critical tool in every library developer ’s bag of tricks .
As penance for so seriously underestimating its significance when Veldhuizen first wrote about it , I did my best to summarize the technology and its uses in an Item in the third edition of Effective C++.
“ Exception - Safety in Generic Components ” by David Abrahams .
The earliest publication date I can find for this is the Proceedings of the International Seminar on Generic Programming , Dagstuhl Castle , Germany , April 27 - May 1 , 1998 , but the material must have been available by mid-1997 , because Herb Sutter referred to material in David Abrahams ’ paper in an article in the September 1997 issue of — where else ? —C++ Report .
I also found reference to this material in an April 1997 Usenet posting by David Abrahams ( http://tinyurl.com/nk5vn), but , unfortunately , the link included in that article no longer works .
These days , the three possible exception - safety guarantees a function can offer — basic , strong , or nothrow — are well known .
Herb Sutter popularized these terms and has written extensively about them , but the document that introduced them came from David Abrahams and , to be honest , the primary reason I know that is that Sutter has been careful to acknowledge that fact .
7
This is a case , I think , where an important document had a fairly narrow initial circulation , but among the people who read it were many in positions of significant influence ( e.g. , were defining the standard for C++ and / or were responsible for implementations of the standard library ) , so the effect of the document was greatly enhanced .
Interestingly , though Abrahams ’ document was instrumental in establishing the understanding of exception safety that underlies the specification of the C++ standard library , there is no mention in the C++ standard of the “ basic guarantee , ” “ strong guarantee , ” or “ nothrow guarantee . ”
This list and the one before it dealt with publications about C++ , but C++ itself is about software , so in my next episode in this series , I ’ll identify the five most important pieces of C++- related software that have ever been .
Share Your Opinion
Discuss this article in the Articles Forum topic , The Most Important C++ Non-Book Publications ...
Ever .
End Notes
1 . The problem is really worse than that , because of the transitive closure issue ( i.e. , B got the idea from A , but A got the idea from Z , and Z got the idea from Y... ) .
2 . The reason for const being shallow probably has nothing to do with ease of implementation .
Rather , it ’s a natural fallout of the usual rules regarding const and pointers .
If a pointer p is const , it ’s not necessarily the case that *p is .
In the case of a const member function , * this is const , but if p is a pointer member of * this , that says nothing about whether *p is also const .
3 . There was another , slightly earlier , C++ guidelines book , Thomas Plum ’s and Dan Saks ’ C++ Programming Guidelines , Plum Hall , 1991 , but it never gained a lot of traction .
It ’s been a long time since I really looked at it , but my recollection , based on a very quick read now , is that it was , um , dull .
4. I was a C++
Report columnist at the time , and I remember thinking that Cargill could just as easily have trained his sights on me , had I chosen to write about exceptions .
Watching him methodically — but completely professionally — expose the shortcomings of a colleague ’s work was one of the most wrenching things I have ever experienced .
I ’m sure I ’m not the only columnist who from that day forward triple - checked his work before publication .
5. Andrei Alexandrescu , now working on his Ph.D. in Computer Science , has been known to argue that the pattern should be recognized as what it is , a simple example of F - bounded polymorphism , but he has had no luck in getting people to heed this suggestion .
This pleases me , because I have a Ph.D. in Computer Science , and I ’d never heard of F - bounded polymorphism .
“ CRTP ” is an odd name , but it still strikes me as less intimidating than F - bounded anything .
6 . It probably did n’t help that the article implemented a compile - time bubble sort as its first example .
I have a pathological aversion to bubble sort .
Not only is it almost never the right sort algorithm for the job , it ’s almost never even worth considering for the job .
But I digress .
7 . When this started is not entirely clear .
The printed version of Sutter ’s September 1997 C++
Report article mentions the basic and strong guarantees without attributing them to Abrahams , but the version of the article he permitted me to include on my 1999 Effective C++ CD does refer to Abrahams .
I have enough experience with publishing to know that what got printed by C++
Report is not necessarily the same as what Sutter submitted .
Resources
Part I in this series , “ The Most Important C++ Books ... Ever ” :
http://www.artima.com/cppsource/top_cpp_books.html
Programming in C++ , Rules and Recommendations by Mats Henricson and Erik Nyquist :
http://www.doc.ic.ac.uk/lab/cplus/c++.rules/
“ Exception Handling : A False Sense of Security ” by Tom Cargill , C++ Report , November - December 1994 :
http://www.awprofessional.com/content/images/020163371x/supplements/Exception_Handling_Article.html
“ Using C++ Template Metaprograms ” by Todd Veldhuizen , C++ Report , May 1995 :
http://osl.iu.edu/~tveldhui/papers/Template-Metaprograms/meta-art.html
“ Exception - Safety in Generic Components ” by David Abrahams :
http://www.boost.org/more/generic_exception_safety.html
Scott Meyers is the author of Effective C++ , the third edition of which was published in 2005 .
It is available on Amazon.com at :
http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0321334876/
Scott Meyers is also the author of More Effective C++ , which is available on Amazon.com at :
http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/020163371X/
Scott Meyers is also the author of Effective STL , which is available on Amazon.com at :
http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0201749629/
Scott Meyers ’ home page :
http://www.aristeia.com/
About the Author
Scott Meyers is one of the world ’s foremost authorities on C++ ; he provides training and consulting services to clients worldwide .
He wrote the best - selling Effective C++ series ( Effective C++ , More Effective C++ , and Effective STL ) , designed the innovative Effective C++ CD , is Consulting Editor for Addison Wesley ’s Effective Software Development Series , and serves on the Advisory Board for The C++ Source ( http://www.artima.com/cppsource/).
He has a Ph.D in Computer Science from Brown University .
His web site is aristeia.com .
Fizdane
Please contact me either for sharing your unique pictures , request for advertising or just to say hello to me .
OS and tools for building dependable systems .
The Singularity research codebase and design evolved to become the Midori advanced - development OS project .
While never reaching commercial release , at one time Midori powered all of Microsoft ’s natural language search service for the West Coast and Asia .
“ … it is impossible to predict how a singularity will affect objects in its causal future . ” – NCSA Cyberia Glossary
What ’s New ?
The Singularity Research Development Kit ( RDK ) 2.0 is available for academic non-commercial use .
You can download it from CodePlex , Microsoft ’s open source project hosting website , here .
Our article in Operating Systems Review , Singularity : Rethinking the Software Stack , is a concise introduction to the Singularity project .
Error
Oops , that did n't work so well ...
Pentagons that tile the plane
The problem here is to find a single tile shape with five sides which can tile an infinite floor without leaving holes .
I tried finding new solutions , but I think all the tiles I found had been previously found by someone else .
Someone claimed the recipe I was using in my search was new .
Here are the known solutions :
I got started on this because I saw an article in the paper about Marjorie Rice , an amateur mathematician with no training beyond high school , who had discovered the tile used in the background of this page and three others in 1976 and 1977 .
She used the same search strategy I 'm using , but by hand .
At any rate , I thought , " I can do that " , so I did .
( Thanks to H. Nelson Miller for refreshing my memory on the details .
Martin Gardner 's " Time Travel and Other Mathematical Bewilderments " covers Marjorie Rice . )
The official list of all pentagons that tile the plane is here .
The official definition of a pentagonal tiling is slightly different from mine .
Here are a few known solutions .
Here are more solutions , boring ones that you get by subdividing more common tiles .
( I think these are old , I 'm not sure . )
Angles 120-60-180-60 -120 , all sides equal .
This is definitely old , but it forms some patterns that no other tile forms .
The first pattern shown is a " reptile " : 4 tiles form a larger tile of the same shape , and 4 of those form yet a larger tile , and so on recursively .
( It 's a pentagon because there are five points at which tiles meet .
It does n't matter that the angle at one of the points is 180 degrees . )
Here are the solutions I found .
( I have about 2000 more candidate new solutions , but I have n't developed the tools to judge them .
Probably about 6 will be real solutions . )
Angles 45-270-22.5-112.5-90 , four sides equal .
This forms only one pattern .
Angles 100-140-60 -160-80 , all sides equal .
The tile and its mirror image are required for this tiling .
I just learned the circle is called a " Hisrchhorn Medallion " , and was first found by Mike Hirschhorn in the 1970's .
I tiled the floor of my half bath with this tiling .
Mathematician Ed Pegg , Jr. manufactured a game ( sort of like dominoes ) out of this tile and another that he found .
( I had to get a set to show my support for mathematicians actually building things . )
Angles 108-36-252-36-108 , all sides equal .
This is easy to derive from a pentagram .
It forms many interesting tilings .
I 've seen it in some of David Eppstein 's tilings , so I did n't find it first .
I painted it on the ceiling of my half bath .
Angles 60-90-150-30 -210 , all sides equal .
It would be easy to lay floor tiles or linoleum made with this .
Here is another solution by Mike Korn :
Here 's the recipe I 'm using in my search .
David Eppstein 's tiling related links
David Eppstein's generally geometric links
Ed Pegg 's Chaotic Tiling combines the 160-60 - 140-100-80 tile with another to produce chaotic tilings .
I decorated my half bath with these tiles .
Here 's a gallery of my mom's art .
Table of Contents
A Pennsylvania town has agreed to hold off temporarily from enforcing an ordinance that fines landlords who rent to illegal immigrants , denies business permits to employers who hire them and requires that all city business be conducted only in English .
A federal district judge , James M. Munley , issued an order yesterday confirming an agreement between the town , Hazleton , and civil liberties groups that challenged the ordinance in a lawsuit filed Aug. 15 .
Hazleton said it would not immediately enforce the measure , passed July 13 , and its opponents agreed not to seek a formal injunction for the time being .
The Hazleton law was the first in a series of initiatives across the country in which local townships , citing what they described as negligence by federal authorities , moved on their own to crack down on illegal immigrants .
Mayor Louis J. Barletta said he wanted the ordinance to make Hazleton “ one of the most difficult places in the United States for illegal immigrants . ”
Under the ordinance , which had been set take effect on Sept. 11 , landlords faced a fine of $ 1,000 for each day they rented to immigrants lacking papers .
The measure also barred employers who hired illegal immigrants from renewing business permits or receiving city contracts for five years .
Remember my previous post noting that Google would be paying more attention to webspam in other countries and languages this year ?
This week our webspam team continued ramping up our anti-spam efforts by removing bmw .de from our index , and ricoh .
de will be removed soon for similar reasons .
When a search engine visited a page like www.bmw.de/bmw-neuwagen.html, it would see a page like this :
However , a user ’s browser would immediately trigger a JavaScript redirect to a completely different url which looked like this :
That ’s a violation of our webmaster quality guidelines , specifically the principle of “ Do n’t deceive your users or present different content to search engines than you display to users . ”
It appears that at least some of the JavaScript - redirecting pages have already been removed from bmw.de , which is very encouraging , but given the number of pages that were doing JavaScript redirects , I expect that Google ’s webspam team will need a reinclusion request with details on who created the doorway pages .
We ’ll probably also need some assurances that such pages wo n’t reappear on the sites before the domains can be reincluded .
I ’m leaving comments turned off on this post ; there are no doubt plenty of other search engine optimization areas to discuss this .
Finally , as long as we ’re on the subject of cars : to the domestic car maker whose European domain had hidden text on the front : your 30 day removal was set to expire in two days , but the hidden text has been taken off the page , so I ’m scheduling the domain for reinclusion now .
So far we have lost 19 soldiers in Iraq this month , and today is only the fourth day of the month .
Just today , the Iraqi government had to pull a brigade of around 700 policemen that have possible ties to death squads .
Things are going down hill very fast in Iraq , and Michael Ware was on the Situation Room and gave a very dismal view of what is going on .
Download - WMV Download - QT
Ware ( via Duncan ) : " Listen , Wolf , this is the way to put it in a nutshell .
If the U.S. Continues its policy and operations as they are now , the situation will worsen and the enemies of the U.S. , Principally al Qaeda and Iran will continue to strengthen .
There 's a number of options that are presented to Washington at the moment .
They are the do this or they do n't do this .
They either need to get serious about the battle here on the ground .
Physically against al Qaeda or in the insurgency .
And commit the troops that the commanders need .
Or they need to look for alternative solutions .
At the end of the day , what they are fighting is potential by most of this country to be consumed bay shia led government with other parts of the government left as western al Qaeda desert training camps and facilities .
To avoid that , something radical has to be done .
Is the consensus .
So Colin Powell is right .
Staying the course will only further strengthen America 's enemies , Wolf ? "
Remember the Republican motto - " Stay the Course "
All Things Pythonic
Alan Kay's EuroPython Keynote - Children First
by Guido van van Rossum
July 5 , 2006
Summary
Two days ago , Alan Kay gave a very inspiring keynote here at EuroPython .
I can't possibly do it justice but I want to describe it anyway .
Advertisement
Alan was still recovering from a recent bout of pneumonia , so instead of delivering the presentation in person , he talked to us from his living room in California over a video link provided by CERN .
It was one of the best video presentations I 've ever seen -- delivered in person it would have been even more stunning .
The entire presentation ( slides and interactive demos ) was done as a Squeak program , although I 'm not sure about the details .
I believe that the entire thing was running in a browser plugin -- quite an amazing feat if you ask me !
http://www.squeakland.org has more info about the plugin .
Alan 's subject was " Children First " .
He started out by telling some anecdotes about how children can learn math without realizing it .
For example , a project for 6 - year olds involved taking a shape and increasing its size by repeating the basic shape .
Then they are asked to count how many squares they added ; then do it again .
By tabulating the results they ( at least the smart ones ) discover that the deltas form a series of consecutive odd numbers , and the sums form a series of squares .
The amazing thing is that the whole project is presented as a kind of art project , not as a math class !
Alan then dove into a demo of the capabilities of Squeak .
Turtle graphics are nice , but the more interesting property is of course that you can " open " any object , which shows a menu that lets you apply a wide range of commands to it , including a script that can make it move , respond to events or other objects , and so on .
Great hilarity when Alan demonstrated that not only can we let any object on the screen start rotating , but you can recursively open the menu itself and make it rotate !
Back to a kids ' science project : studying gravity , and repeating Galileo 's experiment .
Kids ( this time about 10 - 11 years old I believe ) climb a garage and attempt to measure with a stopwatch how long various objects take to fall .
One girl comes up with the big idea : drop two objects simultaneously , which makes comparison much simpler .
Kids are scientists !
And back to squeak -- using frames from a video recording of a ball falling , kids develop a program that helps them discover or verify the formula for speed under constant acceleration .
Other experiments that Alan showed ( everything still running live in his browser ! ) included a simulation of ants discovering food , dropping feromones and following the trails , and more stuff that I can't remember right now .
Alan also talked about the $ 100 laptop project ; he is on the OLPC advisory board .
Apparently Python is specifically involved .
There was little Python content to Alan 's talk , which is fine by me -- Keynotes like this one are supposed to challenge or tickle the audience , not necessarily to confirm their world view .
Alan did end by expressing the hope that a system like he demonstrated will be implemented in Python ; apparently ( or just for the occasion :-)
Alan believes that Python has a much larger mindshare than Smalltalk or Squeak , and that because of this a similar environment in Python will have a greater chance of succeeding than the current Squeak one .
Also , the $ 100 laptop already has Python , and Alan is of course hoping that a Squeak - like environment will be part of it , so this appears expedient .
( At the Shuttleworth summit in April I believe Alan also suggested that Squeak is suffering from its extremely simple graphics model ; apparently it cannot benefit from graphics accelerator cards because of its platform - independent architecture .
[ Update : this is incorrect , see responses below . ]
Python on the other hand already has bindings to OpenGL and DirectX , for example . )
In conclusion , Alan 's talk was extremely inspiring to many of the attendees ( including myself ) .
Alan 's primary message , " Children First " , will ring true throughout the Python community .
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 14 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Guido van van Rossum adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Guido van Rossum is the creator of Python , one of the major programming languages on and off the web .
The Python community refers to him as the BDFL ( Benevolent Dictator For Life ) , a title straight from a Monty Python skit .
He moved from the Netherlands to the USA in 1995 , where he met his wife .
Until July 2003 they lived in the northern Virginia suburbs of Washington , DC with their son Orlijn , who was born in 2001 .
They then moved to Silicon Valley where Guido now works for Google ( spending 50 % of his time on Python ! ) .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2006 Guido van van Rossum .
All rights reserved .
Even by the pancake - flat standards of Middle America , Stick Ross Mountain is an unimpressive peak .
It 's more of a gentle hill , really , poking out from behind the Wal - Mart just west of Tahlequah , the capital of the Cherokee Nation of Oklahoma .
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
But to the Cherokee , the 900 - foot crest was remarkable enough to be named for a revered 19th - century member of the tribal council .
Stick Ross is thought to be the illegitimate grandson of Chief John Ross , who led the tribe along the Trail of Tears .
Ross the younger was a respected Native American and a skilled diplomat who acted as a liaison between tribes and local townsfolk .
" He knew sign language and spoke Cherokee and Seminole .
He was a trapper and a farmer and a rancher , " says Stick 's great - grandson , Leslie Ross , a 56 - year - old retired civil servant whose greatest joy is recounting the Stick trivia he learned from his family in Muskogee .
" And he was sheriff at one time , too .
He was pretty renowned in Tahlequah . "
Stick may have died an exemplary citizen of the Cherokee Nation , but he was born into slavery .
The Cherokee kept black slaves until 1866 , when an emancipation treaty freed them from bondage and granted them full tribal citizenship .
Known as the Freedmen , these men and women were embraced by the Cherokee as equals , and often married the offspring of their former masters .
Like Stick , they identified with local cultures , spoke tribal languages , and took part in tribal religious rites .
And yet , three - quarters of a century after the death of Cherokee legend Stick Ross , there 's no room for his great - grandson in the Cherokee Nation .
Leslie Ross has been denied citizenship in the tribe on the grounds that he is not truly Indian .
" They said I do n't have any Indian blood .
They say blacks have never had a part in the Cherokee Nation , " says Ross , his usually calm voice swelling with anger .
" The thing is , there would n't be a Cherokee Nation if it were n't for my great - grandfather .
Jesus , he was more Indian than the Indians ! "
Ross is just one of at least 25,000 direct descendants of Freedmen who cannot join Oklahoma 's largest tribes .
Once paragons of racial inclusion and assimilation , the Native American sovereign nations have done an about - face and systematically pushed out people of African descent .
" There 's never been any stigma about intermarriage , " says Stu Phillips , editor of The Seminole Producer , a local newspaper in central Oklahoma .
" You 've got Indians marrying whites , Indians marrying blacks .
It was never a problem until they got some money . "
These are boom times for the Five Civilized Tribes of Oklahoma – the Cherokee , Chickasaw , Choctaw , Creek , and Seminole – due in no small part to the 1988 Indian Gaming Regulatory
Act that allowed the tribes to construct their own casinos .
The Chickasaw 's net assets have more than doubled to $ 315 million in the two years since it opened the mammoth WinStar Casinos complex in Thackerville .
The corporate arm of the Cherokee Nation , Cherokee Nation Enterprises , is on track to make nearly $ 70 million this year thanks to a new casino in Catoosa .
Then there 's the government reparations fund .
In 1990 , the Seminoles received a $ 56 million settlement as compensation for the seizure of the tribe 's ancestral lands in Florida almost 200 years ago .
The casino profits and make - good money have increased the standard of living for the recognized members of the tribes who make their homes in some of the poorest areas in the US .
Cherokee Nation Enterprises allocates 25 percent of profits to the Cherokee government , which distributes the money in ways designed to help end the cycle of poverty – college scholarships , health care , and low - interest home loans .
And the Seminole Nation offers grants for home repairs , which many of the ramshackle structures in Seminole County can sorely use .
On the outskirts of Wewoka , the county seat , families loll on wooden porches that seem one gust of wind away from collapse .
And so , in recent years , a rush of Indians has come forward to claim tribal citizenship and get their share of the benefits .
In 1980 , there were 50,000 members of the Cherokee Nation of Oklahoma ; today , there are more than a quarter million .
But even as the official ranks of the Five Civilized Tribes have swelled , they 've revised membership guidelines to exclude the Freedmen .
For the better part of the 20th century , black Indians were permitted to vote in elections , sit on tribal councils , and receive benefits .
Tribal leaders now insist that the Freedmen were never actually citizens and that they will never attain the honor of membership because they do n't have Native American blood .
In 1983 , the Cherokee tribe established a rule requiring citizens to carry a Certificate of Degree of Indian Blood .
This federal document is available to anyone whose ancestors are listed on the Dawes Roll – a 1906 Indian census that excludes Freedmen .
In 2000 , the Seminoles expelled all 2,000 black members and denied their families a cut of the reparations money – never mind that their ancestors joined the tribe in the 18th century , endured the march from Florida to Oklahoma in the 1830s , and have considered themselves Indian for generations .
Outraged , numerous Freedmen have turned to the courts for help .
In the most celebrated case , a black tribal leader named Sylvia Davis filed suit against the Seminole tribe in 1994 to get her son a $ 125 clothing stipend from the Seminole reparations money .
But US courts have repeatedly refused to meddle in Indian affairs , noting that the sovereign nations determine their own membership criteria .
Davis suffered a serious – and perhaps final – setback last year , when the Supreme Court refused to consider her appeal of a lower court 's ruling that the Seminoles could not be sued in federal court .
( The Bush administration filed a brief on behalf of the tribe . )
Now , just as the Freedmen 's struggle appears all but lost , new hope is emerging from an unlikely place – the front lines of genetic science .
Last year , several Freedmen leaders were approached by a molecular biology professor named Rick Kittles .
As head of African Ancestry , a company he had recently founded to sell DNA testing services to amateur genealogists , Kittles promised to reveal any customer 's preslavery roots , whether they stretch to the Tikar of Cameroon or the Mende of Sierra Leone .
Kittles heard about the Freedmen 's plight from a friend at the University of Oklahoma and wondered how the black Indians ' genetic makeup would compare to other subsets of the African - American population , such as the isolated residents of South Carolina 's Gullah Islands .
He visited the 2004 conference of the Descendants of the Freedmen of the Five Civilized Tribes , an organization dedicated to ending " discrimination against people of mixed Indian African descent , " and offered free DNA tests .
There are many light - skinned tribal citizens with less than 1 percent Indian genetic material ; most Freedmen claim to have at least that much .
So they began taking Kittles ' test in hopes that science would succeed where rhetoric , litigation , and historical documents have failed .
" It 's important that we be able to establish that we are Indian people , not just African people who were adopted into the tribe , " says Marilyn Vann , who is suing the Cherokee Nation for citizenship .
" If you 're the average tribal member , you do n't want to be discriminated against because you look Indian .
So how can you discriminate against other people just because they have some African features ? "
" I have something for you . "
A linebacker - sized man with a shaved head and a disarming smile , Ron Graham is holding a manila envelope stuffed with hundreds of fuzzy photocopies bearing lists of names and numbers in chicken - scratch script .
He ushers me to an empty table in Dale Hall , on the University of Oklahoma campus in Norman .
We 're here for the third annual meeting of the Descendants , the highlight of which will be Kittles ' presentation on the results of last year 's DNA tests .
When he's not working in a nearby xanthan gum factory , Graham moonlights as a genealogist - for - hire and vice president of the Descendants .
He specializes in helping African - Americans who believe their Native American roots have been obscured by a combination of government racism and tribal avarice .
Like Vann , Ross , and Davis , Graham took a DNA test to help prove his heritage and is in the midst of suing the Creeks to gain membership .
In the final days of August , just as this issue of Wired hits newsstands , he will present his case , complete with DNA test results , to the tribal council .
Graham believes that , in the face of scientific evidence , the Creeks will return his birthright .
Graham admits that money is a factor in his crusade :
His three college - age sons could benefit from federal scholarships reserved for Native Americans .
But he 's not just looking for a handout .
He seeks recognition as a Creek because that 's how he has always identified himself .
Graham fondly remembers his late father , Theodore " Blue " Graham , dancing at the stomp grounds near the town of Arbeka , where Creeks in traditional dress would gather for sacred ceremonies .
Blue spoke Creek fluently and handed down some knowledge of the language to his son .
During one of his citizenship hearings with Creek Nation officials , Ron was shocked to learn that he was one of the only people in the room who could recognize the word for girl written in the tribe 's ancestral language .
" My nation wo n't accept me because of skin color , " he says , shaking his head .
Graham leafs through documents that he believes will demonstrate his ancestors had considerable Creek blood .
He shows me a handwritten testimonial from Keeper Johnson , a full - blooded Creek and member of the Creek National Council , recognizing Blue as a fellow citizen .
" I have known Theodore Graham since 1946 as a Creek Indian , " the note reads .
" He was traditional and spoke our language fluently .
I always assumed he was Creek decent [ sic ] . "
Graham also dredged up documents known as Proofs of Death and Heirship , which list his father as one - eighth Indian – 12.5 percent .
Then he flips to his trump card .
It reads , " Creek Nation , Creek Roll , Card No. 191 . "
The date stamp : Approved by the Secretary of the Interior March 3 , 1902 .
Above the seal is the name Rose McGilbray .
When it was completed , likely by a clerk working for the Department of the Interior , McGilbray was 35 years old .
In a column headed " Blood , " the notation says " Full . "
" See , this is my great - great - grandmother on my mother 's side , " Graham says .
It 's official recognition of McGilbray as a member of the Dawes Roll , a 1906 tally of Oklahoma Indians that is , according to the tribes , the only acceptable way to document Native American heritage .
The Dawes Roll was the brainchild of a patrician Massachusetts senator , Henry Laurens Dawes , who wanted to " civilize " Indian territory by ending communal land ownership and allotting 160 - acre plots to individual members of each tribe .
At first , the tribes resisted the white man 's efforts to destroy a centuries - old way of life .
One Creek official compared the Dawes Commission , which oversaw the roll 's creation , to the plague of locusts the Egyptians faced in the Bible .
But the tribes relented , if only to avoid a conflict with the US government .
The task of enrolling the Indians was assigned to white clerks dispatched from Washington .
They set up vast tent villages in Oklahoma towns and sent word through tribal officials that anyone interested in claiming their land had to register .
Once the news spread , the tents were deluged with applicants , including scores of Caucasians claiming to have a sliver of Indian blood .
More surprising for the clerks were the thousands of African - Americans who showed up .
The 1890 census counted 18,636 people " of Negro descent in the Five Tribes . "
With no ability to speak any Native American language , the clerks often relied on the eyeball test .
Those who fit the stereotype – ruddy skin , straight hair , high cheekbones – were placed on the " blood roll . "
The roll noted each person's " blood quantum , " the fraction of their parentage that was ostensibly Native American .
That number was sometimes based on documentation , but often , given the lack of accurate records and the language barrier , it was nothing more than crude guesswork .
Those with obvious African roots were sent to a different set of tents .
There , they were added to the Freedmen Roll , which had no listing of blood quantum .
Contemporary Freedmen believe the segregation was part of a government conspiracy to steal Indian land .
Freedmen , unlike their peers on the blood roll , were permitted to sell their land without clearing the transaction through the Indian Bureau .
That made the poorly educated Freedmen easy marks for white settlers migrating from the Deep South .
Stories abound of Freedmen , unable to read the contracts they were signing , selling their 160 - acre plots for as little as $ 15 .
Even when a man had an Indian grandparent and should have been assigned a blood quantum of one - fourth , he might well have been placed on the Freedmen Roll .
The eyeball test sometimes assigned siblings to separate rolls simply because one was born with less melanin .
Full - blooded women married to black males suddenly became Freedmen with no blood quantum .
It was a wholly arbitrary process , but it did n't matter much .
Freedmen and Indians continued to live in relative harmony – until money and politics entered the picture .
Now the Oklahoma Freedmen find themselves haunted by a 99 - year - old clerical error motivated by racism or incompetence , or both .
" To this day , in Oklahoma , we do n't exist , our history does n't exist .
Everyone should have the right to reclaim their heritage , " says Anissia Vo .
Her grandfather , a Creek Freedman , said his dying wish was for his entire family to become recognized members of the tribe .
Vo , who lives in Muskogee , has spent the last four years documenting her heritage and struggling to get recognition from the Creek government .
" My great - grandfather was born Creek , his birth certificate says he was Creek .
But when he died , he died a black man .
It 's upsetting to deal with someone telling you , ' We do n't care what you were yesterday – from now on you 're going to have to be someone else . '
We want them to acknowledge our existence . "
Even in the rare case that a Freedman can trace an ancestor to the Dawes Roll , as with Ron Graham and his great - great - grandmother Rose McGilbray , the tribes find a new way to ensure that the Freedmen are always the odd men out .
The Creek tribal council has so far refused to believe that Graham is related to McGilbray .
Which is why Graham turned to science in search of irrefutable evidence .
His test reveals that he 's genetically 9 percent Native American .
If the tribes insist that they 'll only accept members who are Indian by blood , he 'll show them what 's in his blood .
Searching for obscure ancestors once meant combing through the bowels of the National Archives or sending shot - in - the - dark letters to strangers who share a last name .
Now anyone with a budding interest in their family tree can order a DNA test kit .
Swab the inside of your cheek , mail the sample to a lab , which searches for variations that appear in certain ethnicities , and in a few weeks you 'll receive a CD telling you your great - great - grandmother was born in Senegal .
For those who obsess over matters such as whether their heavy tooth enamel indicates Creole roots , genetic tests are a quick way to separate scientific fact from family fiction .
Many of the early adopters shell out a few hundred dollars just to prove to themselves that their cells are more exotic than their faces .
" Ninety percent of the people interested in Native American ancestry are people who look as European as could be , " says Tony Frudakis , chief scientific officer of DNAPrint Genomics , a Sarasota , Florida , genetic testing company .
" They think they might have a Native American ancestor three or four generations back .
We call it the American Indian Great - Grandmother Princess . "
DNA tests works fine for amateur genealogists , but they 're hardly foolproof .
Two of the three on the market – Y chromosome and mitochondrial DNA – are limited in scope .
The Y chromosome test looks for variations on just 1.5 percent of a male 's genes .
The mtDNA test reads a mere 0.005 percent of the subject 's genome .
While these tests have shown an ability to identify Native American gene lines , false negatives are a big problem .
The third type , known as the genome - wide test , has proven more useful to the Freedmen .
DNAPrint 's AncestryByDNA looks across all 23 pairs of chromosomes for mutations that seem to indicate one ancestry or another .
The company uses proprietary statistical software to estimate what percentage of a person 's genetic material originated where – 85 percent European and 15 percent East Asian , say , or 60 percent African , 20 percent Native American , and 20 percent European .
" Chief John Ross was between one - eighth and one - sixteenth Cherokee [ 12.5 and 6.25 percent ] , " Leslie Ross says , " and my DNA test said I 'm 3 or 4 percent . "
But even the best tests have large margins of error .
" If you show a positive result of 4 or 5 or 6 percentage points , there 's a possibility that it is n't indicating Native American ancestry , " Frudakis says .
People with these levels of Indian blood may simply have genetic roots in places like Greece or Turkey , whose natives can convey Indian - ness in their DNA .
Pakistanis , meanwhile , typically show 30 percent Native American heritage , for reasons that are not yet totally clear to scientists .
The more tests that DNA companies conduct , the more data they 'll have for comparison , which should lead to more accurate results .
As the DNA databases grow , it may be possible to identify ancestry by region – say , a Southwestern Navajo or a New England Pequot .
Kittles ' database can already name the African tribes an African - American customer descends from .
Still , linking Freedmen to particular tribes remains tricky because of all the intermarrying that has occurred over the years .
Even if the testing companies could narrow a person 's origins to a specific tribe , would it matter ?
The science might be improving , but the Indian tribes show no inclination to accept it – or even consider it .
" Our citizenship laws require you to have a Cherokee ancestor who was on the Dawes Roll .
Can a DNA sample prove that ? " says Cherokee spokesperson Mike Miller .
" If I did a DNA test , it might show that I have some German DNA .
That does n't mean I could go back to Germany and say , I have German ancestry and I would like to be a German citizen . "
It 's a crude analogy .
Germany 's citizenship laws do n't require applicants to prove that a relative was listed on a flawed census of people with purported Teutonic blood .
And if Miller so desired , he could become a naturalized German citizen someday .
The Freedmen have no such chance .
Other tribes are just as closed - minded .
When I ask Jerry Haney , the Seminole chief who expelled the tribe 's black members in 2000 , whether he might reconsider his stance based on DNA tests , he huffs .
" They can claim all the Indian they want , " he says , " but they cannot become a member of the Seminole Nation by blood .
They 're down there [ on the roll ] as Freedmen .
They 're separate . "
Not all tribal members reject the merits of the Freedmen 's cause .
Seventy - year - old John Cornsilk , who is seven - eighths Cherokee , opposed the 1983 decision to rescind Freedmen 's voting rights – which he said happened because many Freedmen were backing a progressive candidate running for chief .
Tribal leaders , he says , " colluded and drew up a new set of rules that said only people that could produce one of those cards could be a member .
What the Cherokee Nation of Oklahoma has been doing in regard to disenfranchising the Freedmen is all totally illegal . "
Cornsilk 's son , David , has taken up his father 's cause .
While working in the tribe 's enrollment office in the 1980s , he found that about a third of the Freedmen applications had some documented Native American ancestry .
When higher - ups told him that these people could not be enrolled , he became an advocate for the Freedmen from the inside , helping black plaintiffs prepare to file suit in tribal courts .
" I came to realize that this was a deep - rooted problem , that racism in my tribe was profound , " he says .
" They were perpetrating a genocide , a paper genocide . "
Rick Kittles is one of the last speakers at the Descendants conference .
When he steps up to address the crowd , he speaks briefly about the underlying science .
He describes how African genealogy is relatively easy to trace because of the population 's high number of polymorphisms – genetic variations unique to a particular group .
Then he gets down to business .
He shows charts indicating that African ancestry in the 95 Freedmen he tested ranged from 4 to 76 percent , while European ancestry varied from 0 to 62 percent .
" Native American was surprising , " Kittles says as he presses the slide clicker to bring up the figures that everyone 's waiting for .
The range of Indian blood was from 0 to 30 percent , for an average of just 6 percent – almost identical to an East Coast African - American population .
The chatter in the crowd stops .
Kittles is telling attendees that , genetically , they are no more Indian than blacks in New York City or Baltimore .
" I expected it to be higher because of the experiences you 've had , " he admits .
Then he offers a consolation .
He explains that many Freedmen display high levels of European ancestry , with the group average at 18 percent .
He suggests that , ironically , this might be exactly what links them genetically to the Five Civilized Tribes .
Indians , he explains , were in contact with white colonists starting in the 17th century , and there has been significant gene flow between the two groups .
As a result , many people who identify themselves as Native American have very high percentages of European DNA .
East Coast African - Americans show much weaker links to Europe .
So the Freedmen 's levels of white genetic material may , in fact , be the very proof of Indian - ness that they 're looking for .
To prove this hypothesis , Kittles tells the attendees that more testing is in order .
" If genetics is going to help this cause , we really need to do tests on so - called purebloods , to assess their European ancestry , " he says , theorizing that they , too , will have high levels of European blood .
" I think that many of those so - called purebloods are n't so pure . "
It 's not the definitive result the audience expected .
And yet , some find good news in the message .
The first woman to raise her hand is an elderly lady in the very last row , wearing a flowing kente cloth dress .
She leans forward in her seat .
" I just want to thank you , " she says as loudly as she can muster .
Her test revealed 11 percent Indian ancestry .
" It 's true what my grandmother said , that I did have Native American blood . "
As I wait for the day 's final speaker , Sharon Lindsay Scott stops by my seat to say hello .
An attractive woman with light skin and prominent cheekbones , Scott has the sort of face that might have convinced a Dawes clerk to place her on the blood roll .
She tells me she 's a descendant of the Perrymans , an illustrious Creek family with a lineage that included a chief in the 1880s , Legus C. Perryman .
But for reasons that are lost to time , her ancestors were made Freedmen .
" You know , the Dawes Commission would take brothers and sisters and divide them up , " she says .
" They went by how you looked , and a lot of the Creeks are darker - skinned .
So you might be a full - blood and … " Scott trails off in a sad laugh .
" I mean , they had no DNA testing back then . "
With Graham 's assistance , she has pulled together copious documents that attest to her family 's Creek lineage and plans to submit her application for membership soon .
The final piece she 'd been waiting for was Kittles ' DNA test .
Now she has it : 79 percent African - American , 19 percent European , and 2 percent Native American .
Which means her Indian DNA results could very well be just the result of genetic noise .
The results leave me wondering whether the Freedmen are caught up in a false hope .
Will the intersection of Rick Kittles and a group of desperate would - be Indians mark a turning point in their struggle for recognition ?
Or just another twist in a sad tale ?
I ask Scott whether she expects her application to be rejected , considering that her percentage of Indian blood is smaller than the test 's margin of error .
She seems both surprised and slightly offended : " I do n't see how they can . "
Race is a loaded word that genetic testing companies avoid in favor of phrases like biogeographical ancestry .
No wonder .
For centuries , science has been hijacked to validate racist beliefs .
Scientific journals from the 19th century are replete with discussions of cranial capacity and brain weight , measurements used to explain why blacks would never be as intelligent as whites .
Then there are eugenics and social Darwinism , used to twist Darwin 's findings and shape Nazi ideology .
But if the young discipline of DNA testing has taught us anything , it 's that the very notion of race is fading , at least from a genetic perspective .
The world is populated by mongrels and half - breeds .
Even those who base their self - worth on being of " pure " racial stock probably are n't .
Every family tree has a thousand branches .
" The technology will show how mixed we are , " Kittles says .
" There is no line of distinction you can draw between groups .
There will be people who say they have 100 percent African blood .
I can show them that they have significant European ancestry , too . "
So far , reams of historical documents and legal briefs have gotten the Freedmen nowhere against a century - old document created by clueless white bureaucrats and enforced by men the Freedmen once considered brothers .
The question is whether a tool created by molecular biologists will have any more luck .
Testing Bloodlines
There are three types of DNA test designed to pinpoint genetic heritage .
Ranging in price from $ 99 to $ 299 , all three start with a swab of the inner cheek and provide results in two to eight weeks .
Here 's what happens along the way .
The Y chromosome method searches for genetic markers on the Y chromosome .
A particular polymorphism , or variation , on the DYS199 locus , for example , is unique to those indigenous to the Western hemisphere .
So anyone with that polymorphism has Native American ancestry .
This test has two problems :
It measures only 1.5 percent of the genome – so you may have Indian genes that do n't show up – and it works only on males .
To determine maternal lineage , the mitochondrial DNA test looks for polymorphisms in mitochondrial DNA .
All humans have mtDNA , which is inherited from the mother , so anyone can take the test .
But since it measures just 0.005 percent of the genome , false negatives are a big problem .
Also , mtDNA results will show the presence of , say , European and Native American genes along the maternal line , but not the percentages of each .
The genome - wide technique scours the entire genome for " ancestry informative markers " that indicate " biogeographical ancestry . "
Statistical software then analyzes the data to determine what percentage of genes comes from where .
This is the test of choice for the Freedmen .
The good news is that it 's exhaustive .
But it 's also the most expensive option , and it still can't trace a Native American 's roots back to a particular tribe .
Contributing editor Brendan I. Koerner ( brendan@wiredmag.com ) wrote about hybrid cars in issue 13.04 .
Why Software Should Be Free
by Richard Stallman
Introduction
The existence of software inevitably raises the question of how decisions about its use should be made .
For example , suppose one individual who has a copy of a program meets another who would like a copy .
It is possible for them to copy the program ; who should decide whether this is done ?
The individuals involved ?
Or another party , called the “ owner ” ?
Software developers typically consider these questions on the assumption that the criterion for the answer is to maximize developers ' profits .
The political power of business has led to the government adoption of both this criterion and the answer proposed by the developers : that the program has an owner , typically a corporation associated with its development .
I would like to consider the same question using a different criterion : the prosperity and freedom of the public in general .
This answer cannot be decided by current law — the law should conform to ethics , not the other way around .
Nor does current practice decide this question , although it may suggest possible answers .
The only way to judge is to see who is helped and who is hurt by recognizing owners of software , why , and how much .
In other words , we should perform a cost - benefit analysis on behalf of society as a whole , taking account of individual freedom as well as production of material goods .
In this essay , I will describe the effects of having owners , and show that the results are detrimental .
My conclusion is that programmers have the duty to encourage others to share , redistribute , study , and improve the software we write : in other words , to write “ free ” software .
( 1)
How Owners Justify Their Power
Those who benefit from the current system where programs are property offer two arguments in support of their claims to own programs : the emotional argument and the economic argument .
The emotional argument goes like this : “ I put my sweat , my heart , my soul into this program .
It comes from me , it 's mine ! ”
This argument does not require serious refutation .
The feeling of attachment is one that programmers can cultivate when it suits them ; it is not inevitable .
Consider , for example , how willingly the same programmers usually sign over all rights to a large corporation for a salary ; the emotional attachment mysteriously vanishes .
By contrast , consider the great artists and artisans of medieval times , who did n't even sign their names to their work .
To them , the name of the artist was not important .
What mattered was that the work was done — and the purpose it would serve .
This view prevailed for hundreds of years .
The economic argument goes like this : “ I want to get rich ( usually described inaccurately as ‘ making a living ’ ) , and if you do n't allow me to get rich by programming , then I wo n't program .
Everyone else is like me , so nobody will ever program .
And then you 'll be stuck with no programs at all ! ”
This threat is usually veiled as friendly advice from the wise .
I 'll explain later why this threat is a bluff .
First I want to address an implicit assumption that is more visible in another formulation of the argument .
This formulation starts by comparing the social utility of a proprietary program with that of no program , and then concludes that proprietary software development is , on the whole , beneficial , and should be encouraged .
The fallacy here is in comparing only two outcomes — proprietary software versus no software — and assuming there are no other possibilities .
Given a system of software copyright , software development is usually linked with the existence of an owner who controls the software 's use .
As long as this linkage exists , we are often faced with the choice of proprietary software or none .
However , this linkage is not inherent or inevitable ; it is a consequence of the specific social / legal policy decision that we are questioning : the decision to have owners .
To formulate the choice as between proprietary software versus no software is begging the question .
The Argument against Having Owners
The question at hand is , “ Should development of software be linked with having owners to restrict the use of it ? ”
In order to decide this , we have to judge the effect on society of each of those two activities independently : the effect of developing the software ( regardless of its terms of distribution ) , and the effect of restricting its use ( assuming the software has been developed ) .
If one of these activities is helpful and the other is harmful , we would be better off dropping the linkage and doing only the helpful one .
To put it another way , if restricting the distribution of a program already developed is harmful to society overall , then an ethical software developer will reject the option of doing so .
To determine the effect of restricting sharing , we need to compare the value to society of a restricted ( i.e. , proprietary ) program with that of the same program , available to everyone .
This means comparing two possible worlds .
This analysis also addresses the simple counterargument sometimes made that “ the benefit to the neighbor of giving him or her a copy of a program is cancelled by the harm done to the owner . ”
This counterargument assumes that the harm and the benefit are equal in magnitude .
The analysis involves comparing these magnitudes , and shows that the benefit is much greater .
To elucidate this argument , let 's apply it in another area : road construction .
It would be possible to fund the construction of all roads with tolls .
This would entail having toll booths at all street corners .
Such a system would provide a great incentive to improve roads .
It would also have the virtue of causing the users of any given road to pay for that road .
However , a toll booth is an artificial obstruction to smooth driving — artificial , because it is not a consequence of how roads or cars work .
Comparing free roads and toll roads by their usefulness , we find that ( all else being equal ) roads without toll booths are cheaper to construct , cheaper to run , safer , and more efficient to use .
(2) In a poor country , tolls may make the roads unavailable to many citizens .
The roads without toll booths thus offer more benefit to society at less cost ; they are preferable for society .
Therefore , society should choose to fund roads in another way , not by means of toll booths .
Use of roads , once built , should be free .
When the advocates of toll booths propose them as merely a way of raising funds , they distort the choice that is available .
Toll booths do raise funds , but they do something else as well : in effect , they degrade the road .
The toll road is not as good as the free road ; giving us more or technically superior roads may not be an improvement if this means substituting toll roads for free roads .
Of course , the construction of a free road does cost money , which the public must somehow pay .
However , this does not imply the inevitability of toll booths .
We who must in either case pay will get more value for our money by buying a free road .
I am not saying that a toll road is worse than no road at all .
That would be true if the toll were so great that hardly anyone used the road — but this is an unlikely policy for a toll collector .
However , as long as the toll booths cause significant waste and inconvenience , it is better to raise the funds in a less obstructive fashion .
To apply the same argument to software development , I will now show that having “ toll booths ” for useful software programs costs society dearly : it makes the programs more expensive to construct , more expensive to distribute , and less satisfying and efficient to use .
It will follow that program construction should be encouraged in some other way .
Then I will go on to explain other methods of encouraging and ( to the extent actually necessary ) funding software development .
The Harm Done by Obstructing Software
Consider for a moment that a program has been developed , and any necessary payments for its development have been made ; now society must choose either to make it proprietary or allow free sharing and use .
Assume that the existence of the program and its availability is a desirable thing .
( 3 )
Restrictions on the distribution and modification of the program cannot facilitate its use .
They can only interfere .
So the effect can only be negative .
But how much ?
And what kind ?
Three different levels of material harm come from such obstruction :
Fewer people use the program .
None of the users can adapt or fix the program .
Other developers cannot learn from the program , or base new work on it .
Each level of material harm has a concomitant form of psychosocial harm .
This refers to the effect that people 's decisions have on their subsequent feelings , attitudes , and predispositions .
These changes in people 's ways of thinking will then have a further effect on their relationships with their fellow citizens , and can have material consequences .
The three levels of material harm waste part of the value that the program could contribute , but they can not reduce it to zero .
If they waste nearly all the value of the program , then writing the program harms society by at most the effort that went into writing the program .
Arguably a program that is profitable to sell must provide some net direct material benefit .
However , taking account of the concomitant psychosocial harm , there is no limit to the harm that proprietary software development can do .
Obstructing Use of Programs
The first level of harm impedes the simple use of a program .
A copy of a program has nearly zero marginal cost ( and you can pay this cost by doing the work yourself ) , so in a free market , it would have nearly zero price .
A license fee is a significant disincentive to use the program .
If a widely useful program is proprietary , far fewer people will use it .
It is easy to show that the total contribution of a program to society is reduced by assigning an owner to it .
Each potential user of the program , faced with the need to pay to use it , may choose to pay , or may forego use of the program .
When a user chooses to pay , this is a zero-sum transfer of wealth between two parties .
But each time someone chooses to forego use of the program , this harms that person without benefiting anyone .
The sum of negative numbers and zeros must be negative .
But this does not reduce the amount of work it takes to develop the program .
As a result , the efficiency of the whole process , in delivered user satisfaction per hour of work , is reduced .
This reflects a crucial difference between copies of programs and cars , chairs , or sandwiches .
There is no copying machine for material objects outside of science fiction .
But programs are easy to copy ; anyone can produce as many copies as are wanted , with very little effort .
This is n't true for material objects because matter is conserved : each new copy has to be built from raw materials in the same way that the first copy was built .
With material objects , a disincentive to use them makes sense , because fewer objects bought means less raw material and work needed to make them .
It 's true that there is usually also a startup cost , a development cost , which is spread over the production run .
But as long as the marginal cost of production is significant , adding a share of the development cost does not make a qualitative difference .
And it does not require restrictions on the freedom of ordinary users .
However , imposing a price on something that would otherwise be free is a qualitative change .
A centrally imposed fee for software distribution becomes a powerful disincentive .
What 's more , central production as now practiced is inefficient even as a means of delivering copies of software .
This system involves enclosing physical disks or tapes in superfluous packaging , shipping large numbers of them around the world , and storing them for sale .
This cost is presented as an expense of doing business ; in truth , it is part of the waste caused by having owners .
Damaging Social Cohesion
Suppose that both you and your neighbor would find it useful to run a certain program .
In ethical concern for your neighbor , you should feel that proper handling of the situation will enable both of you to use it .
A proposal to permit only one of you to use the program , while restraining the other , is divisive ; neither you nor your neighbor should find it acceptable .
Signing a typical software license agreement means betraying your neighbor : “ I promise to deprive my neighbor of this program so that I can have a copy for myself . ”
People who make such choices feel internal psychological pressure to justify them , by downgrading the importance of helping one 's neighbors — thus public spirit suffers .
This is psychosocial harm associated with the material harm of discouraging use of the program .
Many users unconsciously recognize the wrong of refusing to share , so they decide to ignore the licenses and laws , and share programs anyway .
But they often feel guilty about doing so .
They know that they must break the laws in order to be good neighbors , but they still consider the laws authoritative , and they conclude that being a good neighbor ( which they are ) is naughty or shameful .
That is also a kind of psychosocial harm , but one can escape it by deciding that these licenses and laws have no moral force .
Programmers also suffer psychosocial harm knowing that many users will not be allowed to use their work .
This leads to an attitude of cynicism or denial .
A programmer may describe enthusiastically the work that he finds technically exciting ; then when asked , “ Will I be permitted to use it ? ” , his face falls , and he admits the answer is no .
To avoid feeling discouraged , he either ignores this fact most of the time or adopts a cynical stance designed to minimize the importance of it .
Since the age of Reagan , the greatest scarcity in the United States is not technical innovation , but rather the willingness to work together for the public good .
It makes no sense to encourage the former at the expense of the latter .
Obstructing Custom Adaptation of Programs
The second level of material harm is the inability to adapt programs .
The ease of modification of software is one of its great advantages over older technology .
But most commercially available software is n't available for modification , even after you buy it .
It 's available for you to take it or leave it , as a black box — that is all .
A program that you can run consists of a series of numbers whose meaning is obscure .
No one , not even a good programmer , can easily change the numbers to make the program do something different .
Programmers normally work with the “ source code ” for a program , which is written in a programming language such as Fortran or C .
It uses names to designate the data being used and the parts of the program , and it represents operations with symbols such as ‘+’ for addition and ‘ -’ for subtraction .
It is designed to help programmers read and change programs .
Here is an example ; a program to calculate the distance between two points in a plane :
float distance ( p0 , p1 ) struct point p0 , p1 ; { float xdist = p1.x - p0.x ; float ydist = p1.y - p0.y ; return sqrt ( xdist * xdist + ydist * ydist ) ; }
Precisely what that source code means is not the point ; the point is that it looks like algebra , and a person who knows this programming language will find it meaningful and clear .
By contrast , here is same program in executable form , on the computer I normally used when I wrote this :
1314258944 -232267772 -231844864 1634862 1411907592 -231844736 2159150 1420296208 -234880989 -234879837 -234879966 -232295424 1644167167 -3214848 1090581031 1962942495 572518958 -803143692 1314803317
Source code is useful ( at least potentially ) to every user of a program .
But most users are not allowed to have copies of the source code .
Usually the source code for a proprietary program is kept secret by the owner , lest anybody else learn something from it .
Users receive only the files of incomprehensible numbers that the computer will execute .
This means that only the program 's owner can change the program .
A friend once told me of working as a programmer in a bank for about six months , writing a program similar to something that was commercially available .
She believed that if she could have gotten source code for that commercially available program , it could easily have been adapted to their needs .
The bank was willing to pay for this , but was not permitted to — the source code was a secret .
So she had to do six months of make - work , work that counts in the GNP but was actually waste .
The MIT Artificial Intelligence Lab ( AI Lab ) received a graphics printer as a gift from Xerox around 1977 .
It was run by free software to which we added many convenient features .
For example , the software would notify a user immediately on completion of a print job .
Whenever the printer had trouble , such as a paper jam or running out of paper , the software would immediately notify all users who had print jobs queued .
These features facilitated smooth operation .
Later Xerox gave the AI Lab a newer , faster printer , one of the first laser printers .
It was driven by proprietary software that ran in a separate dedicated computer , so we could n't add any of our favorite features .
We could arrange to send a notification when a print job was sent to the dedicated computer , but not when the job was actually printed ( and the delay was usually considerable ) .
There was no way to find out when the job was actually printed ; you could only guess .
And no one was informed when there was a paper jam , so the printer often went for an hour without being fixed .
The system programmers at the AI Lab were capable of fixing such problems , probably as capable as the original authors of the program .
Xerox was uninterested in fixing them , and chose to prevent us , so we were forced to accept the problems .
They were never fixed .
Most good programmers have experienced this frustration .
The bank could afford to solve the problem by writing a new program from scratch , but a typical user , no matter how skilled , can only give up .
Giving up causes psychosocial harm — to the spirit of self - reliance .
It is demoralizing to live in a house that you cannot rearrange to suit your needs .
It leads to resignation and discouragement , which can spread to affect other aspects of one 's life .
People who feel this way are unhappy and do not do good work .
Imagine what it would be like if recipes were hoarded in the same fashion as software .
You might say , “ How do I change this recipe to take out the salt ? ” and the great chef would respond , “ How dare you insult my recipe , the child of my brain and my palate , by trying to tamper with it ?
You do n't have the judgment to change my recipe and make it work right ! ”
“ But my doctor says I 'm not supposed to eat salt !
What can I do ?
Will you take out the salt for me ? ”
“ I would be glad to do that ; my fee is only $ 50,000 . ”
Since the owner has a monopoly on changes , the fee tends to be large .
“ However , right now I do n't have time .
I am busy with a commission to design a new recipe for ship 's biscuit for the Navy Department .
I might get around to you in about two years . ”
Obstructing Software Development
The third level of material harm affects software development .
Software development used to be an evolutionary process , where a person would take an existing program and rewrite parts of it for one new feature , and then another person would rewrite parts to add another feature ; in some cases , this continued over a period of twenty years .
Meanwhile , parts of the program would be “ cannibalized ” to form the beginnings of other programs .
The existence of owners prevents this kind of evolution , making it necessary to start from scratch when developing a program .
It also prevents new practitioners from studying existing programs to learn useful techniques or even how large programs can be structured .
Owners also obstruct education .
I have met bright students in computer science who have never seen the source code of a large program .
They may be good at writing small programs , but they can't begin to learn the different skills of writing large ones if they can't see how others have done it .
In any intellectual field , one can reach greater heights by standing on the shoulders of others .
But that is no longer generally allowed in the software field — you can only stand on the shoulders of the other people in your own company .
The associated psychosocial harm affects the spirit of scientific cooperation , which used to be so strong that scientists would cooperate even when their countries were at war .
In this spirit , Japanese oceanographers abandoning their lab on an island in the Pacific carefully preserved their work for the invading U.S. Marines , and left a note asking them to take good care of it .
Conflict for profit has destroyed what international conflict spared .
Nowadays scientists in many fields do n't publish enough in their papers to enable others to replicate the experiment .
They publish only enough to let readers marvel at how much they were able to do .
This is certainly true in computer science , where the source code for the programs reported on is usually secret .
It Does Not Matter How Sharing Is Restricted
I have been discussing the effects of preventing people from copying , changing , and building on a program .
I have not specified how this obstruction is carried out , because that does n't affect the conclusion .
Whether it is done by copy protection , or copyright , or licenses , or encryption , or ROM cards , or hardware serial numbers , if it succeeds in preventing use , it does harm .
Users do consider some of these methods more obnoxious than others .
I suggest that the methods most hated are those that accomplish their objective .
Software Should be Free
I have shown how ownership of a program — the power to restrict changing or copying it — is obstructive .
Its negative effects are widespread and important .
It follows that society should n't have owners for programs .
Another way to understand this is that what society needs is free software , and proprietary software is a poor substitute .
Encouraging the substitute is not a rational way to get what we need .
Vaclav Havel has advised us to “ Work for something because it is good , not just because it stands a chance to succeed . ”
A business making proprietary software stands a chance of success in its own narrow terms , but it is not what is good for society .
Why People Will Develop Software
If we eliminate copyright as a means of encouraging people to develop software , at first less software will be developed , but that software will be more useful .
It is not clear whether the overall delivered user satisfaction will be less ; but if it is , or if we wish to increase it anyway , there are other ways to encourage development , just as there are ways besides toll booths to raise money for streets .
Before I talk about how that can be done , first I want to question how much artificial encouragement is truly necessary .
Programming is Fun
There are some lines of work that few will enter except for money ; road construction , for example .
There are other fields of study and art in which there is little chance to become rich , which people enter for their fascination or their perceived value to society .
Examples include mathematical logic , classical music , and archaeology ; and political organizing among working people .
People compete , more sadly than bitterly , for the few funded positions available , none of which is funded very well .
They may even pay for the chance to work in the field , if they can afford to .
Such a field can transform itself overnight if it begins to offer the possibility of getting rich .
When one worker gets rich , others demand the same opportunity .
Soon all may demand large sums of money for doing what they used to do for pleasure .
When another couple of years go by , everyone connected with the field will deride the idea that work would be done in the field without large financial returns .
They will advise social planners to ensure that these returns are possible , prescribing special privileges , powers , and monopolies as necessary to do so .
This change happened in the field of computer programming in the 1980s .
In the 1970s , there were articles on “ computer addiction ” : users were “ onlining ” and had hundred - dollar - a - week habits .
It was generally understood that people frequently loved programming enough to break up their marriages .
Today , it is generally understood that no one would program except for a high rate of pay .
People have forgotten what they knew back then .
When it is true at a given time that most people will work in a certain field only for high pay , it need not remain true .
The dynamic of change can run in reverse , if society provides an impetus .
If we take away the possibility of great wealth , then after a while , when the people have readjusted their attitudes , they will once again be eager to work in the field for the joy of accomplishment .
The question “ How can we pay programmers ? ” becomes an easier question when we realize that it's not a matter of paying them a fortune .
A mere living is easier to raise .
Funding Free Software
Institutions that pay programmers do not have to be software houses .
Many other institutions already exist that can do this .
Hardware manufacturers find it essential to support software development even if they cannot control the use of the software .
In 1970 , much of their software was free because they did not consider restricting it .
Today , their increasing willingness to join consortiums shows their realization that owning the software is not what is really important for them .
Universities conduct many programming projects .
Today they often sell the results , but in the 1970s they did not .
Is there any doubt that universities would develop free software if they were not allowed to sell software ?
These projects could be supported by the same government contracts and grants that now support proprietary software development .
It is common today for university researchers to get grants to develop a system , develop it nearly to the point of completion and call that “ finished ” , and then start companies where they really finish the project and make it usable .
Sometimes they declare the unfinished version “ free ” ; if they are thoroughly corrupt , they instead get an exclusive license from the university .
This is not a secret ; it is openly admitted by everyone concerned .
Yet if the researchers were not exposed to the temptation to do these things , they would still do their research .
Programmers writing free software can make their living by selling services related to the software .
I have been hired to port the GNU C compiler to new hardware , and to make user - interface extensions to GNU Emacs .
( I offer these improvements to the public once they are done . )
I also teach classes for which I am paid .
I am not alone in working this way ; there is now a successful , growing corporation which does no other kind of work .
Several other companies also provide commercial support for the free software of the GNU system .
This is the beginning of the independent software support industry — an industry that could become quite large if free software becomes prevalent .
It provides users with an option generally unavailable for proprietary software , except to the very wealthy .
New institutions such as the Free Software Foundation can also fund programmers .
Most of the Foundation 's funds come from users buying tapes through the mail .
The software on the tapes is free , which means that every user has the freedom to copy it and change it , but many nonetheless pay to get copies .
( Recall that “ free software ” refers to freedom , not to price . )
Some users who already have a copy order tapes as a way of making a contribution they feel we deserve .
The Foundation also receives sizable donations from computer manufacturers .
The Free Software Foundation is a charity , and its income is spent on hiring as many programmers as possible .
If it had been set up as a business , distributing the same free software to the public for the same fee , it would now provide a very good living for its founder .
Because the Foundation is a charity , programmers often work for the Foundation for half of what they could make elsewhere .
They do this because we are free of bureaucracy , and because they feel satisfaction in knowing that their work will not be obstructed from use .
Most of all , they do it because programming is fun .
In addition , volunteers have written many useful programs for us .
( Even technical writers have begun to volunteer . )
This confirms that programming is among the most fascinating of all fields , along with music and art .
We do n't have to fear that no one will want to program .
What Do Users Owe to Developers ?
There is a good reason for users of software to feel a moral obligation to contribute to its support .
Developers of free software are contributing to the users ' activities , and it is both fair and in the long - term interest of the users to give them funds to continue .
However , this does not apply to proprietary software developers , since obstructionism deserves a punishment rather than a reward .
We thus have a paradox : the developer of useful software is entitled to the support of the users , but any attempt to turn this moral obligation into a requirement destroys the basis for the obligation .
A developer can either deserve a reward or demand it , but not both .
I believe that an ethical developer faced with this paradox must act so as to deserve the reward , but should also entreat the users for voluntary donations .
Eventually the users will learn to support developers without coercion , just as they have learned to support public radio and television stations .
What Is Software Productivity ?
If software were free , there would still be programmers , but perhaps fewer of them .
Would this be bad for society ?
Not necessarily .
Today the advanced nations have fewer farmers than in 1900 , but we do not think this is bad for society , because the few deliver more food to the consumers than the many used to do .
We call this improved productivity .
Free software would require far fewer programmers to satisfy the demand , because of increased software productivity at all levels :
Wider use of each program that is developed .
The ability to adapt existing programs for customization instead of starting from scratch .
Better education of programmers .
The elimination of duplicate development effort .
Those who object to cooperation claiming it would result in the employment of fewer programmers are actually objecting to increased productivity .
Yet these people usually accept the widely held belief that the software industry needs increased productivity .
How is this ?
“ Software productivity ” can mean two different things : the overall productivity of all software development , or the productivity of individual projects .
Overall productivity is what society would like to improve , and the most straightforward way to do this is to eliminate the artificial obstacles to cooperation which reduce it .
But researchers who study the field of “ software productivity ” focus only on the second , limited , sense of the term , where improvement requires difficult technological advances .
Is Competition Inevitable ?
Is it inevitable that people will try to compete , to surpass their rivals in society ?
Perhaps it is .
But competition itself is not harmful ; the harmful thing is combat .
There are many ways to compete .
Competition can consist of trying to achieve ever more , to outdo what others have done .
For example , in the old days , there was competition among programming wizards — competition for who could make the computer do the most amazing thing , or for who could make the shortest or fastest program for a given task .
This kind of competition can benefit everyone , as long as the spirit of good sportsmanship is maintained .
Constructive competition is enough competition to motivate people to great efforts .
A number of people are competing to be the first to have visited all the countries on Earth ; some even spend fortunes trying to do this .
But they do not bribe ship captains to strand their rivals on desert islands .
They are content to let the best person win .
Competition becomes combat when the competitors begin trying to impede each other instead of advancing themselves — when “ Let the best person win ” gives way to “ Let me win , best or not . ”
Proprietary software is harmful , not because it is a form of competition , but because it is a form of combat among the citizens of our society .
Competition in business is not necessarily combat .
For example , when two grocery stores compete , their entire effort is to improve their own operations , not to sabotage the rival .
But this does not demonstrate a special commitment to business ethics ; rather , there is little scope for combat in this line of business short of physical violence .
Not all areas of business share this characteristic .
Withholding information that could help everyone advance is a form of combat .
Business ideology does not prepare people to resist the temptation to combat the competition .
Some forms of combat have been banned with antitrust laws , truth in advertising laws , and so on , but rather than generalizing this to a principled rejection of combat in general , executives invent other forms of combat which are not specifically prohibited .
Society 's resources are squandered on the economic equivalent of factional civil war .
“ Why Don't You Move to Russia ? ”
In the United States , any advocate of other than the most extreme form of laissez - faire selfishness has often heard this accusation .
For example , it is leveled against the supporters of a national health care system , such as is found in all the other industrialized nations of the free world .
It is leveled against the advocates of public support for the arts , also universal in advanced nations .
The idea that citizens have any obligation to the public good is identified in America with Communism .
But how similar are these ideas ?
Communism as was practiced in the Soviet Union was a system of central control where all activity was regimented , supposedly for the common good , but actually for the sake of the members of the Communist party .
And where copying equipment was closely guarded to prevent illegal copying .
The American system of software copyright exercises central control over distribution of a program , and guards copying equipment with automatic copying - protection schemes to prevent illegal copying .
By contrast , I am working to build a system where people are free to decide their own actions ; in particular , free to help their neighbors , and free to alter and improve the tools which they use in their daily lives .
A system based on voluntary cooperation and on decentralization .
Thus , if we are to judge views by their resemblance to Russian Communism , it is the software owners who are the Communists .
The Question of Premises
I make the assumption in this paper that a user of software is no less important than an author , or even an author 's employer .
In other words , their interests and needs have equal weight , when we decide which course of action is best .
This premise is not universally accepted .
Many maintain that an author 's employer is fundamentally more important than anyone else .
They say , for example , that the purpose of having owners of software is to give the author 's employer the advantage he deserves — regardless of how this may affect the public .
It is no use trying to prove or disprove these premises .
Proof requires shared premises .
So most of what I have to say is addressed only to those who share the premises I use , or at least are interested in what their consequences are .
For those who believe that the owners are more important than everyone else , this paper is simply irrelevant .
But why would a large number of Americans accept a premise that elevates certain people in importance above everyone else ?
Partly because of the belief that this premise is part of the legal traditions of American society .
Some people feel that doubting the premise means challenging the basis of society .
It is important for these people to know that this premise is not part of our legal tradition .
It never has been .
Thus , the Constitution says that the purpose of copyright is to “ promote the Progress of Science and the useful Arts . ”
The Supreme Court has elaborated on this , stating in Fox Film v. Doyal that “ The sole interest of the United States and the primary object in conferring the [ copyright ] monopoly lie in the general benefits derived by the public from the labors of authors . ”
We are not required to agree with the Constitution or the Supreme Court .
( At one time , they both condoned slavery . )
So their positions do not disprove the owner supremacy premise .
But I hope that the awareness that this is a radical right - wing assumption rather than a traditionally recognized one will weaken its appeal .
Conclusion
We like to think that our society encourages helping your neighbor ; but each time we reward someone for obstructionism , or admire them for the wealth they have gained in this way , we are sending the opposite message .
Software hoarding is one form of our general willingness to disregard the welfare of society for personal gain .
We can trace this disregard from Ronald Reagan to Dick Cheney , from Exxon to Enron , from failing banks to failing schools .
We can measure it with the size of the homeless population and the prison population .
The antisocial spirit feeds on itself , because the more we see that other people will not help us , the more it seems futile to help them .
Thus society decays into a jungle .
If we do n't want to live in a jungle , we must change our attitudes .
We must start sending the message that a good citizen is one who cooperates when appropriate , not one who is successful at taking from others .
I hope that the free software movement will contribute to this : at least in one area , we will replace the jungle with a more efficient system which encourages and runs on voluntary cooperation .
The word “ free ” in “ free software ” refers to freedom , not to price ; the price paid for a copy of a free program may be zero , or small , or ( rarely ) quite large .
The issues of pollution and traffic congestion do not alter this conclusion .
If we wish to make driving more expensive to discourage driving in general , it is disadvantageous to do this using toll booths , which contribute to both pollution and congestion .
A tax on gasoline is much better .
Likewise , a desire to enhance safety by limiting maximum speed is not relevant ; a free - access road enhances the average speed by avoiding stops and delays , for any given speed limit .
One might regard a particular computer program as a harmful thing that should not be available at all , like the Lotus Marketplace database of personal information , which was withdrawn from sale due to public disapproval .
Most of what I say does not apply to this case , but it makes little sense to argue for having an owner on the grounds that the owner will make the program less available .
The owner will not make it completely unavailable , as one would wish in the case of a program whose use is considered destructive .
Atheism
About Atheism [ Index ]
Various introductions to atheism , including its definition ; its relationship to agnosticism , theism , and noncognitivism ; and its value .
Arguments for Atheism [ Index ]
In this section , " arguments for atheism " means " arguments for the nonexistence of God . "
In the jargon of the philosophy of religion , such arguments are known as " atheological arguments . "
The argument from evil ( sometimes referred to as ' the problem of evil ' ) is by far the most famous of such arguments , but it is by no means the only such argument .
Indeed , in the 1990s atheist philosophers developed a flurry of atheological arguments ; arguably the most famous of such arguments is the argument from divine hiddenness ( and the related argument from nonbelief ) .
Atheism , Theism , and the Burden of Proof [ Index ]
Debates [ Index ]
Links to transcripts or reviews of debates specifically about atheism ( as opposed to debates about Christianity , Islam , creation / evolution , etc. ) .
Media & Reviews [ Index ]
Books , magazines , movies , and book reviews having to do with atheism .
Morality and Atheism [ Index ]
This page addresses the relationship between morality and atheism , especially in the following four areas : ( 1 ) on average , are atheists as moral as theists ?
( 2 ) why should atheists be moral ?
( 3 ) can life without God have meaning ?
and ( 4 ) does atheism entail a certain view on specific moral questions ?
( NOTE : this page does not address moral arguments for God 's existence , or whether morality is subjective . )
Outreach [ Index ]
Links to various articles which discuss whether atheists should engage in outreach and , if so , how they may do so effectively .
Recommended Sites [ Index ]
This page is NOT intended to be a list of all personal home pages maintained by atheists .
Rather , this page is only intended to list some exceptionally good home pages on the Internet .
Jeffery Jay Lowder maintains this page .
Norway has seen some strong economic growth After 14 years as the world 's most expensive city , Tokyo has been knocked off its top spot - by Oslo .
The dubious honour to the Norwegian capital was awarded by the Economist Intelligence Unit , which compared the cost of living in 130 cities .
Fellow Nordic city , Reykjavik , in Iceland , jumped to third place , and Japan 's second city , Osaka , was fourth .
And the cheapest place to spend hard earned cash ?
Tehran - which was the most expensive city 14 years ago .
EU effect Apart from the Japanese entries all of the top 10 on the survey were in Europe .
The EIU said the result " highlights a much wider increase in the relative cost of living across Europe " .
10 MOST EXPENSIVE CITIES 1st - Oslo , Norway 2nd - Tokyo , Japan 3rd - Reykjavik , Iceland = 4th - Osaka , Japan = 4th Paris , France 6th - Copenhagen , Denmark 7th - London , UK 8th - Zurich , Switzerland 9th - Geneva , Switzerland 10th - Helsinki , Finland
Send us your views " The displacement of Tokyo comes as little surprise .
A gradually weakening yen has been compounded by years of low inflation and deflation in the Japanese economy , " the EIU said .
" Norway has seen strong economic growth following a recovery in 2004 , enjoying high consumer confidence , rampant investment and still - low interest rates , " it added .
Eastern Europe has seen price hikes too , especially in countries given entry to the EU or undertaking accession talks .
The cost of living jumped more than 5 % in Istanbul ( 48th place ) , Prague ( 58th place ) , Warsaw ( 63rd place ) , Kiev ( 82nd place ) , Bucharest ( 95th place ) and Belgrade ( 107th place ) .
Cheapest spots
The cost of goods and services in the 130 cities was compared in US dollar terms , so the results partly reflect the currency 's long - term underperformance , the report said .
The highest placed US city was New York , ranked at number 27 .
In South America the biggest rises were in Brazil where Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo jumped 22 places to the joint 87th spot thanks to an economic revival in the region .
While Tokyo and Osaka are among the most expensive cities in the world , the cheapest region as a whole is Asia , home to five of the seven lowest - priced cities .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
bg : fg :
double height double width
Write some text and click Submit to get your own personal minifesto .
( If you only see a black box above , your browser may have animated images disabled . )
A minifesto is an animated GIF that shows any message you want .
Star Project
Leicester Contributes to India 's First National Astronomy Satellite
A collaboration between the University of Leicester Space Research Centre and the Indian Space Research Organisation ( ISRO ) is about to reach a new stage as hardware built at the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research in Mumbai is sent to Leicester for integration into an x-ray camera .
The camera will eventually be returned to India for installation into Astrosat , India 's first national astronomy satellite .
The five instruments in Astrosat 's payload will observe exotic objects and phenomena such as black holes , neutron stars , and active galaxies at a number of different wavelengths simultaneously , from the ultraviolet band to energetic x-rays .
Leicester is providing the expertise and support to build the CCD camera for the Soft X - ray Telescope ( SXT ) on Astrosat .
Guy Peters , Astrosat Project Manager UK at the University of Leicester 's Space Research Centre , explained the significance of the mission :
" Each of Astrosat 's five instruments is looking at different regions of the electromagnetic spectrum which allows simultaneous measurements to be taken across a wide range of energies . "
ISRO approached the University of Leicester Space Research Centre to undertake the SXT camera development because of its acclaimed track record in spacecraft design in missions such as Swift and XMM - Newton and the experience gained from its laboratory programmes leading to CCD camera designs with high resolution and sensitivity and low mass .
While the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research has built the main telescope body and mirror Leicester has provided the camera , supported the project through consultancy and will calibrate and integrate the camera at the Space Research Centre .
This sharing of experience is a significant part of the Astrosat project , Guy Peters feels :
" Here in Leicester we are a young team gaining experience on a major project .
Astrosat has provided a really exciting opportunity for the team . "
Guy has found Astrosat a fascinating project , not just scientifically but culturally :
" Although on paper we seem to work the same way , the operation in India has a very relaxed feeling , less pressured than working with other agencies , and yet things can get done just as quickly . "
Due to be launched in 2008 , Astrosat is well through its development phase and has just completed a highly successful preliminary design review , one of the key milestones in any instrument 's life .
Over the next eight months details will be finalised and Guy Peters hopes that the Leicester team will receive funding from the British Council to enable it to continue to support the mission after the satellite 's launch .
He has recently returned from a visit to India with Leicester 's Chief Engineer , Tim Stevenson , for an engineering and management review .
This will be followed in a few months by a Leicester science team , while a delegation from India will come to Leicester in the summer .
" Leicester 's involvement with Astrosat is a really important thing , not just for the University , but for Leicester as a whole , " Guy said .
" It is a credit to the University that they have recognised it as a worthwhile investment .
We should flag it up as something the whole city can be proud of . "
Note to editors :
Further information is available from Guy Peters , Astrosat Project Manager UK , Space Research Centre , University of Leicester , tel 0116 223 1051 , email gmp@star.le.ac.uk or Gordon Stewart , Project Scientist , Dept. of Physics and Astronomy , 0116 252 3554 , gcs@star.le.ac.uk
By Jonathan Amos
BBC News science reporter
The 600 kg spacecraft was lifted into orbit on a Soyuz rocket from Baikonur , Kazakhstan , at 1119 ( 0519GMT ) .
Giove - A will demonstrate key technologies needed for Galileo , the 3.4 bn - euro ( £ 2.3bn ; $ 4bn ) sat-nav system Europe hopes to deploy by 2010 .
The new network will give EU states guaranteed access to a space - borne precise timing and location service independent of the United States .
The perfect launch was a moment of celebration for the small British company , Surrey Satellite Technology Ltd ( SSTL ) , which had been given the prestigious task of building the demonstrator .
Europe 's ' vanguard '
SSTL staff had gathered at their Guildford base to watch the lift - off on a TV link from Baikonur .
GIOVE -A DEMONSTRATOR
Mission will trial technologies for future Galileo satellites
Will transmit sat -nav signals to claim frequencies for Galileo Has instruments to assess radiation in 23,222 km orbit ( 1 ) Power demand of 660 W through 4.54 m - long arrays ( 2 ) Butane propulsion system ; tanks hold up to 50kg of fuel ( 3 ) Payload has rubidium clocks and signal - generation units ( 4 ) Antenna system to transmit signals for ground testing
" Three years ago I did a sketch of what I thought we could do .
To go from that sketch to what we have now is amazing , " recalled John Paffett , projects director with SSTL .
" It 's not over yet - there 's a lot of hard work to go ahead - but it 's definitely a monumental occasion , " he told the BBC News website .
Professor Sir Martin Sweeting , the CEO of SSTL , added : " This is going to be Europe 's largest space project .
As a relatively small company - we 're an SME of 200 people , specialising in small and rapid - response spacecraft - to take the vanguard of such a large programme is quite an experience . "
First signal
Giove - A will check out the in - orbit performance of two atomic clocks - critical to any sat -nav system - and a number of other components that will be incorporated into the 30 satellites of the fully fledged Galileo constellation .
These spacecraft - four of which have already been ordered - are expected all to be in orbit by the end of 2010 .
THE SAT - NAV FUTURE
Navigation for navigation 's sake will not drive applications
Uptake pushed forward by services that add value to data
Huge potential for internet - linked services run off mobiles E.g. finding a restaurant , and directing you to nearest ATM Multimedia delivered to tourists ' mobiles as they walk around ' Guardian angel ' services will locate separated children Possibilities are endless ; mobile firms already brainstorming Database and billing companies planning for large markets
Galileo puts UK on map Q&A : Europe 's Galileo project
To do this , a sat -nav signal of the correct structure must be received on Earth by June 2006 .
The SSTL team believes it can complete this task within the first couple of weeks of flight .
Galileo is a joint venture between the European Union and the European Space Agency ( Esa ) .
Once fully deployed , the new system should revolutionise the way we use precise timing and location signals delivered from space .
" We are aiming to provide one - metre , worldwide accuracy through Galileo 's ' open ' service - this is not possible today without regional or local augmentation , " said Esa 's Galileo project manager , Javier Benedicto .
" With the use of three signals , we will have access to centimetre accuracies , and with these you will see many more services than you have today ; and European industry is working to develop those applications . "
Future growth
In few years ' time , a small Galileo chip will be integrated in mobile phones , giving users the ability to pinpoint restaurants , hotels , movie theatres , hospitals or car parks .
Galileo has been launched with one aim in mind - to further monitor and control EU citizens
Alan Glenister ,
Bushey Watford , UK
Galileo launch : Your views
Galileo will deliver the tools national governments need to introduce wide - scale road charging .
The network will also underpin Europe 's new air - traffic control system .
The single European sky initiative will overhaul current technologies used to keep planes at safe separations , and allow pilots to fly their own routes and altitudes .
SSTL hopes a successful mission for Giove - A will bring more orders for sat-nav and other spacecraft .
" This is very good for our development , " explained Max Meerman , a principal engineer with the company .
" It 's the biggest satellite we 've done so far , it 's got big deployable tracking - arrays that we have n't done before , and it cost 28 m euros ( £ 19 m ; $ 33 m ) . "
by
Some background on a major transformation taking place in the music industry , even as most mainstream media organizations print not a word about it :
Reuters article , May 31 : Sony BMG tests technology to limit CD burning .
As part of its mounting U.S. rollout of content - enhanced and copy - protected CDs , Sony BMG Music Entertainment is testing technology solutions that bar consumers from making additional copies of burned CD - R discs . …
“ The casual piracy , the schoolyard piracy , is a huge issue for us , ” says Thomas Hesse , president of global digital business for Sony BMG .
“ Two - thirds of all piracy comes from ripping and burning CDs , which is why making the CD a secure format is of the utmost importance . ” …
Among the biggest headaches : Secure burning means that iPod users do not have any means of transferring tracks to their device , because Apple Computer has yet to license its FairPlay DRM for use on copy - protected discs . …
San Jose Mercury News , June 15 : Music industry eyes `casual piracy . ’
Major labels to copy - protect all CDs sold in the U.S.
The story begins :
The record labels are in pursuit of a new class of music pirates – not the millions who download bootlegged songs over the Internet but those who copy music CDs for their friends . …
It ’s surprising to me that the Mercury News has accepted the record labels ’ terminology in this matter .
Piracy refers to making unauthorized reproductions of digital media for financial gain – or , stretching the term , for indiscriminate distribution .
It is not piracy – “ casual ” or otherwise – when you buy music and make a few copies for close friends .
As Jessica Litman , author of “ Digital Copyright , ” writes in her law review article “ War Stories , ” 20 Cardozo Arts & Entertainment Law
Journal 337 ( 2002 ) :
Under the old way of thinking about things , copying your CD and carrying the copy around with you to play in your car , in your Walkman , or in your cassette deck at work is legal .
Borrowing a music CD and making a copy on some other medium for your personal use is legal .
Recording music from the radio ; maxing different recorded tracks for a ‘ party tape , ’ and making a copy of one of your CDs for your next - door neighbor are , similarly , all lawful acts .
The copyright law says so : section 1008 of the copyright statute provides that consumers may make non-commercial copies of recorded music without liability .
Many people seem not to know this any more .
Now , this is not to say that individuals have a right to make an unlimited number of an unlimited number of CDs for their friends .
But where is the debate on this issue ?
The Merc article goes on :
Sony BMG Music Entertainment , home to some of the music industry ’s biggest acts , including Bruce Springsteen , System of a Down and Shakira , plans to copy - protect all music CDs sold in the United States by the end of the year .
Another major label , EMI , whose artist roster includes Coldplay and Norah Jones , will introduce copy - protected CDs in its two largest markets – the United States and the United Kingdom – in the coming weeks .
For consumers , it signals an abrupt change to the rip , mix , burn mania embodied by the 2001 Apple Computer ad campaign promoting the first iMac computer with a CD burner and software for creating custom music CDs .
These new copy - protected discs limit the number of times people can create copies of music CDs or add individual songs to music mixes . …
On the PC , a message appears that asks the buyer for permission to install a piece of software on the desktop .
Answer no , and the disc is ejected .
It wo n’t play .
Once installed , the software regulates how often people can rip a full copy of the CD to the computer , burn individual tracks or make full copies of each album .
EMI , for example , will permit the consumer to upload an album once per computer , burn individual tracks seven times and make up to three full copies of each CD .
Should we allow the record labels to define the extent of our fair use rights through the DRM they place on the CDs we buy ?
( Ernest Miller suggests that the labels are making a strategic mistake through this attack on copying / sharing among family members and friends . )
This latest bit of news comes on top of the restrictions placed on other uses of digital media :
– it ’s a federal offense to back up a copy of your DVD ;
– it ’s illegal to copy a purchased computer game with DRM onto your laptop or desktop ;
– the new generation of digital television may impose similar limits on how you can copy or burn Hollywood programming .
Will citizens balk at these kinds of restrictions , or come to accept them ?
My suspicion is that the Darknet will grow in direct proportion to actions that turn mainstream Americans into “ casual pirates . ”
Funny on other blogs :
Privacy Policy
Top 15 Strangest Coincidences
Published on 4/17/2006
It was written Mark Twain was born on the day of the appearance of Halley 's Comet in 1835 , and died on the day of its next appearance in 1910 .
He himself predicted this in 1909 , when he said : " I came in with Halley 's Comet in 1835 .
It is coming again next year , and I expect to go out with it . "
Oregon 's Columbian newspaper announced the winning Pick 4 lottery numbers for June 28 , 2000 in advance .
The newspaper had intended to print the previous set of winning numbers but erroneously printed those for the state of Virginia , namely 6 - 8 - 5 - 5 .
In the next Oregon lottery , those same numbers were drawn .
In 1979 , the German magazine - Das Besteran - ran a writing competition .
Readers sent in unusual stories , but they had to be based on true incidents .
The winner , Walter Kellner of Munich , had his story published .
He wrote about a time when he was flying a Cessna 421 between Sardinia and Sicily .
He encountered engine trouble at sea , landed in the water , spent some time in an emergency dinghy and was then rescued .
This story was spotted by an Austrian , also named Walter Kellner , who said that the German Kellner had plagiarized the story .
The Austrian Kellner said that he had flown a Cessna 421 over the same sea , experienced engine trouble and was forced to land in Sardinia .
It was essentially the same story , with a slightly different ending .
The magazine checked both stories , and both turned out to be true , even though they were nearly identical .
Morgan Robertson 's 1898 novella Futility had many parallels with the RMS Titanic disaster ; the book concerned a fictional state - of - the - art ocean liner called Titan , which ( like the Titanic ) eventually collides with an iceberg on a calm April night whilst en route to New York , with many dying because of the lack of lifeboats .
Various other details in the book coincide with the Titanic disaster .
Later , she wrote a book , Beyond the Spectrum , that described a future war fought with aircraft that carried " sun bombs " .
Incredibly powerful , one bomb could destroy a city , erupting in a flash of light that blinds all who look at it .
The war begins in December , started by the Japanese with a sneak attack on Hawaii .
Death calls twice On July 28th 1900 , the King of Italy Umberto I was having dinner in a restaurant in the city of Monza .
It turned out later that the restaurant 's owner looked identical to the king .
The restaurant owner 's name was Umberto , his wife 's name was the same as the queen 's and the restaurant was opened on the same date as the king 's inauguration .
The Restaurant - owner Umberto was shot dead the next day .
So was King Umberto .
Claude Volbonne killed Baron Rodemire de Tarazone of France in 1872 . 21 years earlier , the Baron 's father had been murdered by somebody else called Claude Volbonne .
On February 13 , 1746 , a Frenchman , Jean Marie Dubarry , was executed for the murder of his father .
Precisely 100 years later , on February 13 , 1846 , another Frenchman , also named Jean Marie Dubarry , was executed - for the murder of his father .
On the 26th November , 1911 , three men were hanged at Greenberry Hill in London after being convicted of the murder of Sir Edmund Berry .
Their names were Green , Berry and Hill .
Just in Time The British actor Anthony Hopkins [ who shot to fame as Hannibal Lecter ] was delighted to hear that he had landed a leading role in a film based on the book The Girl From Petrovka by George Feifer .
A few days after signing the contract , Hopkins travelled to London to buy a copy of the book .
He tried several bookshops , but there was n't one to be had .
Waiting at Leicester Square underground for his train home , he noticed a book apparently discarded on a bench .
Incredibly , it was The Girl From Petrovka .
That in itself would have been coincidence enough but in fact it was merely the beginning of an extraordinary chain of events .
Two years later , in the middle of filming in Vienna , Hopkins was visited by George Feifer , the author .
Feifer mentioned that he did not have a copy of his own book .
He had lent the last one - containing his own annotations - to a friend who had lost it somewhere in London .
With mounting astonishment , Hopkins handed Feifer the book he had found .
' Is this the one ? ' he asked , ' with the notes scribbled in the margins ? '
It was the same book .
As the inhabitants of Ruthwell , Dumfriesshire , were watching a scene in the film Around the World in 80 Days , where a hot air balloon was about to take off , their TV sets went off due to a power cut .
Nearby , power lines had been damaged .
A hot air balloon had crashed into them .
Hernán Cortés ' arrival in Mexico in 1519 coincided with the year in the Mayan Calendar when it was predicted that the pale - faced man -god Quetzalcoatl would return to reclaim the city of Tenochtitlán .
The Aztecs therefore assumed Cortés to be the legendary man-god , which assisted him in capturing the city and thence Mexico .
Lightning strikes back A British officer , Major Summerford , while fighting in the fields of Flanders in February 1918 was knocked off his horse by a flash of lightning and paralyzed from the waist down .
Summerford retired and moved to Vancouver .
One day in 1924 , as he fished alongside a river , lightning hit the tree he was sitting under and paralyzed his right side .
Two years later Summerford was sufficiently recovered that he was able to take walks in a local park .
He was walking there one summer day in 1930 when a lightning bolt smashed into him , permanently paralyzing him .
He died two years later .
But lightning sought him out one last time .
Four years later , during a storm , lightning struck a cemetery and destroyed a tombstone .
The deceased buried here ?
Major Summerford .
In 1899 a bolt of lightning killed a man as he stood in his backyard in Taranto , Italy .
Thirty years later his son was killed in the same way and in the same place .
On October 8 , 1949 , Rolla Primarda , the grandson of the first victim and the son of the second , became the third .
D - Day : The Normandy invasion
The date of the invasion June 6,1944 { 6644} reflects the first great invasion associated with Normandy in 1066
In the first Invasion in 1066 Roger de Montgomery commanded portions of William the Conquerors Forces .
In the second Invasion 1944 Bernard Montgomery commanded portions of Eisenhower 's Forces .
German General Rommel - Montgomery 's adversary in an earlier Campaign in N. Africa Commits suicide on October 14 , 1944 { 101444}
The Battle of Hastings took place on October 14 { 101466} Eisenhower 's Birthday was October 14 { 101490}
The first Norman invasion initiated the first major immigration of Jews into Britain .
The second Norman invasion initiated the chain of events that returned the Jews to Israel
A. Lincoln and J.F. Kennedy Life
Both presidents had 7 letters in their last name .
Both were over 6 ' feet tall .
Both men studied law .
Both seemed to have lazy eye muscles , which would sometimes cause one to deviate .
Both suffered from genetic diseases .
It is suspected that Lincoln had Marfan 's disease , and Kennedy suffered from Addison 's disease .
Both served in the military .
Lincoln was a scout captain in the Black Hawk War , and Kennedy served as a navy lieutenant in World War II .
Both were boat captains .
Lincoln was a skipper for the Talisman , a Mississippi River boat , and Kennedy was skipper of the PT 109 .
Both had no fear of their mortality and disdained bodyguards .
Both often stated how easy it would be to shoot the president .
Lincoln supposedly said , " If somebody wants to take my life , there is nothing I can do to prevent it . "
Kennedy supposedly said " If somebody wants to shoot me from a window with a rifle , nobody can stop it . "
Note that both these quotes are each 16 words long .
Death
Both presidents were shot in the head , on a Friday .
Both were seated beside their wives when shot .
Neither Mrs. Lincoln nor Mrs. Kennedy was injured .
Both wives held the bullet - torn heads of their husbands .
In each case , the man was injured but not fatally .
Major Henry Rathbone was slashed by a knife , and Governor John Connolly was shot .
Lincoln sat in Box 7 at Ford 's Theatre .
Kennedy rode in car 7 in the Dallas motorcade .
Lincoln was shot at Ford 's Theatre .
Kennedy was shot in a Ford product , a Lincoln limousine .
Mrs. Kennedy insisted that her husband 's funeral mirror Lincoln 's as closely as possible .
The Assassins
Both assassins used three names : John Wilkes Booth and Lee Harvey Oswald .
( It should be noted that Lee Harvey Oswald was known as just Lee Oswald prior to the assassination . )
There are 15 letters in each assassin 's name .
Both assassins struck when in their mid-twenties .
Booth was born in 1838 , and Oswald was born in 1939 .
Each assassin lacked a strong father figure in his life .
Booth 's father died when he was 13 years old , and Oswald 's father died before he was born .
Each assassin had two brothers whose careers he coveted .
Booth 's two brothers were more successful actors and Oswald envied his brothers ' military lives .
Both assassins were privates in the military .
Booth was a private in the Virginia Militia , and Oswald was a private in the Marine Corps .
Both assassins were born in the south .
Both assassins were known sympathizers to enemies of the United States .
Booth supported the Confederacy and Oswald was a Marxist .
Both assassins often used aliases .
Booth frequently used " J. Wilkes " and Oswald used the name " Alek J. Hidell . "
Booth shot Lincoln at a theatre and was cornered in a warehouse .
Oswald shot Kennedy from a warehouse and was cornered in a theatre .
Each assassin was detained by an officer named Baker .
Lt. Luther B. Baker was leader of the cavalry patrol which trapped Booth at Garrett 's Barn .
Officer Marion L. Baker , a Dallas motorcycle patrolman , briefly detained Oswald on the second floor of the School Book Depository until he learned that he worked there .
Both assassins were killed with a single shot from a Colt revolver .
Both assassins were shot in a blaze of light - Booth after the barn was set afire , and Oswald in the form of television cameras .
Family and Friends
Both presidents were named after their grandfathers .
Both were born second children .
Both married while in their thirties .
Lincoln married at 33 and Kennedy married at 36 .
Both married dark - haired , twenty - four - year - old women .
Both wives died around the age of 64 .
Mary Todd Lincoln died in 1882 at age 63 years and 215 days , and Jackie Kennedy died in 1994 at age 64 years 295 days .
Both wives were known for their high fashion in clothes .
Both wives renovated the White House after many years of neglect .
Each couple had four children , two of whom died before becoming a teen .
Each couple lost a son while in the White House .
Willie Lincoln died at age 12 in 1862 , and Kennedy 's son Patrick died two days after his birth in 1963 .
Politics
Both presidents were elected to the House of Representatives in ' 46 .
Both were runners - up for the party 's nomination for vice - president in ' 56 .
Both were elected to the presidency in ' 60 .
Vice - Presidents
Southern Democrats named Johnson succeeded both Lincoln and Kennedy ( Andrew Johnson and Lyndon Baines Johnson .
Andrew Johnson was born in 1808 , and Lyndon Johnson was born in 1908 .
There are six letters in each Johnson 's first name .
Both Johnsons served in the military .
Andrew was a brigadier general in the Civil War and Lyndon was a commander in the U.S. Navy during WW2 .
Both Johnsons were former southern senators .
Both Johnsons had urethral stones , the only presidents to have them .
Both Johnsons chose not to run for reelection in ' 68 .
Submit to : Del.icio.us Netscape Furl Facebook Send by Email
Adults : 1 2 3 4 Children : 0 1 2 3 Ages of children :
Specify the age of a child
Specify the age of children
Scratch Monkey Story
11 February 1987
This incident happened at the University of Toronto in late November of 1979 or 1980 .
The zoology department had used digital - to - analog and analog - to - digital converters in a large number of experiments , including attempting to synthesize pheromones to reduce breeding of beetles that fed on tobacco crops , some rat neurological experiments , and some cricket behavior / population studies .
The rat experiments involved implanting electrodes in the rats ' brains , and the rats experienced some pain .
The Humane Society learned of this and raised complaints , resulting in the shutting down of the zoology department for a day while the experiment was stopped .
The University of Toronto has the third or fourth most respected zoology department in the world and wanted to maintain that prestige , so there was lots of screaming to avoid having such a thing happening again .
The various data from the experiments was collected by PDP - 11/05 front ends and sent to an 11/44 .
Laura Creighton had written the software for this , fixing a problem they had previously with the 11 /44 not being fast enough to collect the data by itself .
This was being done for 16 to 18 experiments .
The folks in the physiology section of the Department of Medicine ( separate from Science , which contained the zoology department ) had bought their first VAX , an 11/780 , and wanted a similar set - up .
So Laura Creighton and the zoology department agreed to set up their software for this .
The physiology people decided not to use 11/05s in between , since the VAX was fast enough to handle the data .
So five monkeys were fitted with caps intended to sense brain waves , and the caps were attached to various A - to - D and D - to - A converters ( which were US Army surplus from 1956 ) which were in turn connected to the VAX .
This connection was piggybacked on a disk drive ( pre-RL02 ) , which contained a disk and was mounted read - only — the read - only button was pressed and taped over with a warning not to remove it .
In normal operation , software would read data from that drive and write it to a regular disk .
The room containing the monkeys was several stories removed from the computer room .
After some time , the VAX crashed .
It was on a service contract , and Digital was called .
Laura Creighton was not called although she was on the short list of people who were supposed to be called in case of problem .
The Digital Field Service engineer came in , removed the disk from the drive , figured it was then okay to remove the tape and make the drive writeable , and proceeded to put a scratch disk into the drive and run diagnostics which wrote to that drive .
Well , diagnostics for disk drives are designed to shake up the equipment .
But monkey brains are not designed to handle the electrical signals they received .
You can imagine the convulsions that resulted .
Two of the monkeys were stunned , and three died .
The Digital engineer needed to be calmed down ; he was going to call the Humane Society .
This became known as the Great Dead Monkey Project , and it leads of course to the aphorism I use as my motto :
You should not conduct tests while valuable monkeys are connected , so " Always mount a scratch monkey . "
Laura Creighton points out that although this is told as a gruesomely amusing story , three monkeys did lose their lives , and there are lessons to be learned in treatment of animals and risk management .
Particularly , the sign on the disk drive should have explained why the drive should never have been enabled for write access .
If you are interested in computer folklore , you might wish to read the story of Mel .
Fundraising Ideas And Online Fundraising Help
Fundable.org is born again with the same concept but a new focus and management team .
Our goal is to provide funding for every type of group , activity or project from funding senior living to helping raise funds for disaster relief .
In addition to compiling an extensive list of fundraising ideas , we will be adding a social network portion to the web site .
The new Fundable.org will be a great option for individuals who need both social support and financial support for a new project .
Here is how it works :
Open an account and create a fundraising campaign .
Your campaign must have : A financial goal ( like raising $ 500 to help someone in need ) .
A final deadline ( to raise the funds ) A text ( and graphic ) description to motive people to get involved and donate to your fundraising campaign
Use our social network and yours to create a buzz and get donations for your new idea ( campaign ) .
Add our widget to your web site to increase the visibility of your project .
We will confirm that the donations are real and continuously compile a current total for your project .
When the campaign reaches your goal , we complete all the financial transactions and deposit the money into your account .
If your campaign does n't reach the goal by the deadline , no one pays and the campaign is closed .
Fundable .
Org can be used to fund anything where you need a group of people to help fund the project .
This can include :
New business startups from food service to radical new inventions .
Buying new equipment and services for non-profits and individuals that need help
Short - term care in a assisted living community
Buy a Klaser cold laser to help with your joint pain
Buy someone a ReGen Pod to help with chronic inflammation .
Start music lessons or tutoring for a deserving student
Give someone a lifetime membership to Lighthouse Health
Get someone the funds they need to start an addiction recovery program
Just about any cause that meets our legal and social responsibility guidelines .
Fundable is different because we do not charge any fee for our service .
We pass on the credit card processing fees but that is it .
We hope that by avoiding the service charge , we can re-establish the site 's credibility ( since it was tainted by scandal with the prior owners )
This way your fundraising campaign produces the maximum revenue and you get the most return for your efforts .
This site is funded by advertising on the fundraising ideas portion of the web site like our easy fundraising ideas page .
We are not a non -profit but we are a little or no -profit business .
Our focus is on giving every penny to those in need and not about wasting money on a non -profit image .
In the next 3 months , we be releasing a whole new option for fundraising that will include a social network for support of new projects .
We will also be posting information for those looking for alternative fundraising ideas .
Fundable is a part of a whole family of community oriented sites designed to provide competitive family - style service where most sites are totally commercial .
In addition to working with senior living communities and assisted living facilities , Fundable is part of a group of web sites that also help addicts find treatment centers .
All our site try to use the highest standards to provide solid content and unique " non-commercial " services .
Fundable is our premier site for funding new fundraising ideas .
Since the beginning of our internet web site business , we have been trying to find novel solutions to complex problems .
With our huge staff of one part - time person , we are able to boldly develop sites with no real commercial value or potential for revenue .
Whether you are starting a new business or trying to gather funds to start a business or help a neighbor , Fundable is a good option for fundraisers .
If you start a campaign and have problems , please check again later as we still solving problems from restarting this business .
Since we are currently rebuilding the system , you might consider visiting one of the other fundraising sites listed on our online fundraising page .
The PageRank Algorithm
The original PageRank algorithm was described by Lawrence Page and Sergey Brin in several publications .
It is given by PR ( A ) = ( 1 -d ) + d ( PR ( T1 ) / C( T1 ) + ... + PR ( Tn ) / C( Tn ) ) where PR( A ) is the PageRank of page A , PR ( Ti ) is the PageRank of pages
Ti which link to page A , C( Ti ) is the number of outbound links on page Ti and d is a damping factor which can be set between 0 and 1 .
So , first of all , we see that PageRank does not rank web sites as a whole , but is determined for each page individually .
Further , the PageRank of page A is recursively defined by the PageRanks of those pages which link to page A . The PageRank of pages
Ti which link to page A does not influence the PageRank of page A uniformly .
Within the PageRank algorithm , the PageRank of a page T is always weighted by the number of outbound links C( T ) on page T .
This means that the more outbound links a page T has , the less will page A benefit from a link to it on page T .
The weighted PageRank of pages
Ti is then added up .
The outcome of this is that an additional inbound link for page A will always increase page A's PageRank .
Finally , the sum of the weighted PageRanks of all pages
Ti is multiplied with a damping factor d which can be set between 0 and 1 .
Thereby , the extend of PageRank benefit for a page by another page linking to it is reduced .
The Random Surfer Model
In their publications , Lawrence Page and Sergey Brin give a very simple intuitive justification for the PageRank algorithm .
They consider PageRank as a model of user behaviour , where a surfer clicks on links at random with no regard towards content .
The random surfer visits a web page with a certain probability which derives from the page 's PageRank .
The probability that the random surfer clicks on one link is solely given by the number of links on that page .
This is why one page 's PageRank is not completely passed on to a page it links to , but is devided by the number of links on the page .
So , the probability for the random surfer reaching one page is the sum of probabilities for the random surfer following links to this page .
Now , this probability is reduced by the damping factor d.
The justification within the Random Surfer Model , therefore , is that the surfer does not click on an infinite number of links , but gets bored sometimes and jumps to another page at random .
The probability for the random surfer not stopping to click on links is given by the damping factor d , which is , depending on the degree of probability therefore , set between 0 and 1 .
The higher d is , the more likely will the random surfer keep clicking links .
Since the surfer jumps to another page at random after he stopped clicking links , the probability therefore is implemented as a constant ( 1 - d ) into the algorithm .
Regardless of inbound links , the probability for the random surfer jumping to a page is always ( 1- d ) , so a page has always a minimum PageRank .
A Different Notation of the PageRank Algorithm Lawrence Page and Sergey Brin have published two different versions of their PageRank algorithm in different papers .
In the second version of the algorithm , the PageRank of page A is given as PR ( A ) = ( 1-d ) / N + d ( PR ( T1 ) / C( T1 ) + ... + PR ( Tn ) / C( Tn ) ) where N is the total number of all pages on the web .
The second version of the algorithm , indeed , does not differ fundamentally from the first one .
Regarding the Random Surfer Model , the second version 's PageRank of a page is the actual probability for a surfer reaching that page after clicking on many links .
The PageRanks then form a probability distribution over web pages , so the sum of all pages ' PageRanks will be one .
Contrary , in the first version of the algorithm the probability for the random surfer reaching a page is weighted by the total number of web pages .
So , in this version PageRank is an expected value for the random surfer visiting a page , when he restarts this procedure as often as the web has pages .
If the web had 100 pages and a page had a PageRank value of 2 , the random surfer would reach that page in an average twice if he restarts 100 times .
As mentioned above , the two versions of the algorithm do not differ fundamentally from each other .
A PageRank which has been calculated by using the second version of the algorithm has to be multiplied by the total number of web pages to get the according PageRank that would have been caculated by using the first version .
Even Page and Brin mixed up the two algorithm versions in their most popular paper " The Anatomy of a Large - Scale Hypertextual Web Search Engine " , where they claim the first version of the algorithm to form a probability distribution over web pages with the sum of all pages '
PageRanks being one .
In the following , we will use the first version of the algorithm .
The reason is that PageRank calculations by means of this algorithm are easier to compute , because we can disregard the total number of web pages .
The Characteristics of PageRank
The characteristics of PageRank shall be illustrated by a small example .
We regard a small web consisting of three pages A , B and C , whereby page A links to the pages B and C , page B links to page C and page C links to page A. According to Page and Brin , the damping factor d is usually set to 0.85 , but to keep the calculation simple we set it to 0.5 .
The exact value of the damping factor d admittedly has effects on PageRank , but it does not influence the fundamental principles of PageRank .
So , we get the following equations for the PageRank calculation :
PR ( A ) = 0.5 + 0.5 PR(C )
PR ( B ) = 0.5 + 0.5 ( PR ( A ) / 2 )
PR ( C ) = 0.5 + 0.5 ( PR ( A ) / 2 + PR ( B ) )
These equations can easily be solved .
We get the following PageRank values for the single pages : PR ( A ) = 14/13 = 1.07692308
PR ( B ) = 10/13 = 0.76923077
PR ( C ) = 15/13 = 1.15384615
It is obvious that the sum of all pages ' PageRanks is 3 and thus equals the total number of web pages .
As shown above this is not a specific result for our simple example .
For our simple three - page example it is easy to solve the according equation system to determine PageRank values .
In practice , the web consists of billions of documents and it is not possible to find a solution by inspection .
The Iterative Computation of PageRank Because of the size of the actual web , the Google search engine uses an approximative , iterative computation of PageRank values .
This means that each page is assigned an initial starting value and the PageRanks of all pages are then calculated in several computation circles based on the equations determined by the PageRank algorithm .
The iterative calculation shall again be illustrated by our three - page example , whereby each page is assigned a starting PageRank value of 1 .
Iteration PR ( A ) PR ( B ) PR(C ) 0 1 1 1 1 1 0.75 1.125 2 1.0625 0.765625 1.1484375 3 1.07421875 0.76855469 1.15283203 4 1.07641602 0.76910400 1.15365601 5 1.07682800 0.76920700 1.15381050 6 1.07690525 0.76922631 1.15383947 7 1.07691973 0.76922993 1.15384490 8 1.07692245 0.76923061 1.15384592 9 1.07692296 0.76923074 1.15384611 10 1.07692305 0.76923076 1.15384615 11 1.07692307 0.76923077 1.15384615 12 1.07692308 0.76923077 1.15384615
We see that we get a good approximation of the real PageRank values after only a few iterations .
According to publications of Lawrence Page and Sergey Brin , about 100 iterations are necessary to get a good approximation of the PageRank values of the whole web .
Also , by means of the iterative calculation , the sum of all pages '
PageRanks still converges to the total number of web pages .
So the average PageRank of a web page is 1 .
The minimum PageRank of a page is given by ( 1 - d ) .
Therefore , there is a maximum PageRank for a page which is given by dN + ( 1 - d ) , where N is total number of web pages .
This maximum can theoretically occur , if all web pages solely link to one page , and this page also solely links to itself .
The Implementation of PageRank PageRank and Google are trademarks of Google Inc. , Mountain View CA , USA .
PageRank is protected by US Patent 6,285,999 .
The content of this document may be reproduced on the web provided that a copyright notice is included and that there is a straight HTML hyperlink to the corresponding page at pr.efactory .
de in direct context .
Urlaub Lanzarote ( c)2002/2003 eFactory GmbH & Co. KG Internet - Agentur - written by Markus Sobek
Please Note :
This entry discusses the etymology and application of a selection of words that , to varying degrees , can be considered vulgar or offensive .
As a necessity , this entails the use of said words , and it is strongly advised that , should you find such words distressing or inappropriate , you do not read on beyond this point .
For the rest of you , there now follows an informative and hopefully educational entry on a potentially controversial topic - bad language ...
Mind Your Language
etymology ( n ) an account of the origins and the developments in meaning of a word .
Concise Oxford Dictionary .
Once limited to blasphemy , ' bad language ' has evolved over many thousands of years to represent both the lowest and the highest forms of human expression .
Such words can cause the greatest offence if used casually and repeatedly , at an inappropriate time or place , or in the wrong company .
Yet often , a well - timed swear - word can make people laugh .
Among friends , almost any word might be considered acceptable , while even the mildest of curses might be distressing if heard coming from the mouth of a child .
Even something as simple as the type of voice a person has can affect how the word is received .
Should a British Royal swear it might be considered witty , while the exact same phrase coming from an East - end garage mechanic might be interpreted as crude and base .
And words that might once have been commonplace are nowadays considered entirely unacceptable .
The Atlantic - The Great Divide
Two nations divided by a common language .
Oscar Wilde .
With swearing , context is everything .
Words that are in common use in the UK are indecipherable to American ears , and vice versa .
It takes more than just a simple ' bloody ' ( a corruption of ' By your Lady ' , a religious exclamation from the Middle Ages ' ) to swear like a Brit .
Most British swear - words have a history longer than that of the United States itself , evolving out of even older European languages such as Norse , High German and Latin ( hence British phrases like ' a stream of Anglo - Saxon ' or , most commonly , ' pardon my French ' ) .
For instance , the word ' ass ' in American - English , meaning buttocks or anus , evolved from the British word ' arse ' .
Before WW1 , people in southern English would pronounce the word ' ass ' , meaning donkey , with a long ' a ' , making it indistinguishable from ' arse ' in spoken English .
Considered only moderately vulgar in the UK , it can be put to a number of different , often contradictory uses ...
The phrase ' ca n't be arsed ' signifies apathy or a lack of enthusiasm , yet to ' get your arse in gear ' means to become organised or to ' hurry up .
' Arse over tit ' / ' tip ' , ' arse over apex ' , ' arse up ' or ' arse about ' are all phrases which describe a spectacular prattfall or clumsy action .
The word ' prattfall ' , incidentally , also means ' arse over tit ' ; ' pratt ' being an old word for ' arse ' that has come to lose its meaning over the years .
The word ' pratt ' is still , however , used to this day to mean a fool .
A ' Smart arse ' ( signifying someone who is too clever for their own good ) can be used either affectionately or to cause offence , while ' Silly arse ' merely means a fool .
To ' arse about ' can also mean to play the fool .
A ' short - arse ' , however , is someone with short legs .
A less - offensive term for ' posterior ' in the UK is ' bum ' , which in America might be referred to as ' butt ' .
It made its first appearance in around the 14th Century , and was put to good use by Shakespeare : In Measure for Measure , Escalus asks Pompey what his second name is .
' Bum , Sir ' replies Pompey .
To which Escalus replies ' Troth , and your bum is the greatest thing about you ; so that in the beastliest sense you are Pompey the Great . '
( They do n't tell 'em like that any more - thank goodness ) .
However , in America the word as a noun has come to means tramp or hobo , while as a verb to mean ' scrounge ' or borrow ' .
Body Talk - Male
Variations on ' arse - up ' include ' balls - up ' , which tends to be used to describe when things go badly , as in ' that meeting was a total balls - up ' .
A ' ballsy ' person would be feisty or determined , while describing someone as ' not having the balls ' to do something would mean they 're cowardly , a clear masculine - reassurance insult .
In America - specifically American gangster movies starring Joe Pesci - the phrase ' busting my balls ' equates to annoying or nagging someone .
This highlights another difference between American and British usage ; in Britain the phrase is used to mean ' trying very hard at something ' in much the same way as a Brit might say ' busting a gut ' .
A stronger British term for testicles , which rhymes with ' frollocks ' , is probably worth a guide entry of its own .
To talk this word would mean to talk rubbish or to be misinformed , while to say something is ' the dog's ...' ( often gentrified as ' the mutt 's nuts ' ) would suggest it is the best there is .
Legend has it that in the 1950s , construction kits like Meccano would be sold in boxes of various sizes .
The list of contents which came with the standard size box would be headed ' Box , Standard ' ( which elided into ' bog standard ' when spoken ) and the larger box was the ' Box , Deluxe ' which was spoonerised to create the phrase ' The Dog 's B******s'.
This is such a satisfying explanation for two common forms of British English usage that one really wants it to be true .
The word 's probable derivation is so non-vulgar as to be quite amusing .
Specifically , a bollock is a pulley - block at the head of a topmast , otherwise known as a bullock block .
This was used to great effect to prevent the Sex Pistols ' album Never Mind the Bollocks from being censored .
A refreshing example of the legal system grabbing hold of the wrong reason and using it to do the right thing .
A 'B ****** ing ' on the other hand , is a severe dressing down or ticking off .
The reason for this is mercifully unclear .
Brits will say 'b******- naked ' while Americans will say ' butt - naked ' .
Why Brits verify nudity from the front and Americans verify it from the rear is anyone 's guess .
Although the phrase ' cock - up ' might appear to have come about in a similar way to ' balls - up ' , its origins are actually in beer making .
If the batch went bad , they turned the cock ( ie tap , or faucet ) up to drain the barrel .
However , the word ' cock ' , a Middle and Old English word , is one of the many vulgarities for the penis .
In London , though , Cockneys appear to have both terms in mind when they say ' Wotcher cock ' , which comes from the term ' cock sparrow ' ( pronounced ' sparrah ' ) .
It is a general term for a man , although ' cock sparrow ' was usually saved for small boys .
It has been used for about 300 years .
A more childish term for penis is ' willy ' or ' willie ' .
This British English word had audiences sniggering in the aisles of cinemas throughout the UK when the first trailers were shown for the film Free Willy .
On the other hand it is tempting to wonder whether or not the celebrated actor and rapper Will Smith had taken advice on the way in which British audiences might interpret the title of his 1997 album Big Willie Style ( though it 's unlikely he would actually have objected to the misunderstanding ) .
Willie is essentially an innocent playground word , and there was delighted laughter across the land when commentator Brian Johnson referred to two players during a cricket match , pointing out that ' The bowler 's Holding , the batsman 's Willey ' .
Body Talk - Female
The word ' fanny ' in America is , like , ' bum ' , mildly vulgar , meaning ' buttocks ' .
In the UK , however , it is rarely used in polite conversation as it would be interpreted as meaning ' vagina ' .
If someone is being vague or indecisive , they can be said to be ' fannying about ' .
In the 1970s , there was a pioneering all - female American rock band called Fanny .
They were originally called Wild Honey ( which is almost as suggestive ) and they adopted their new name on the recommendation of ex-Beatle George Harrison , without being aware of the British usage .
In 1970 , Fanny covered Cream 's Badge , and this song earned it air - play for their self - titled debut LP .
The girl 's name , ' Fanny ' , does of course result in chuckles on either side of the Atlantic .
Anthony Trollope 's mother , Frances , wrote a highly critical book called The Domestic Manners of the Americans .
The Americans were rather non-plussed since they simply could not believe that the ' Fanny Trollope ' was not a pseudonym .
There is also the phrase ' sweet Fanny Adams ' which is sometimes abbreviated to ' sweet FA ' .
Fanny Adams was an eight - year - old child who was murdered and dismembered in Alton , Hampshire , in 1867 .
Her grave is still there .
At around the same time , the British Navy started preserving chopped mutton in tins , and the sailors - always an uncouth lot - described this as ' sweet Fanny Adams ' which eventually came to mean ' nothing of any good at all ' .
An unhappy epitaph to a nasty story .
One of the most offensive terms for female genitalia , the c-word , is the ultimate four - letter word in British English , the final media taboo .
The first use of the word in a UK TV drama was in Mosley , a drama about the rise and fall of the British Fascist leader Sir Oswald Mosley .
This was first shown on Channel 4 in the late 1990s .
The word is also the title of a novel by Stewart Home , published in 1999 , about the breakdown of a writer as he rather badly loses the plot , both literally and creatively .
The word has Germanic cognates including old Norse ( kunta ) , middle - Dutch ( Kunte ) and possibly High German ( Kotze meaning prostitute ) , which all point to a pre-historic germanic ancestor kunton .
A Latin word , Kuntus , meaning wedge , might also have been an influence .
The word would appear to have entered the English language during the early Middle Ages ; in 1230 AD , both Oxford and London boasted districts called ' Gropecunte Lane ' , in reference to the prostitutes that worked there .
The Oxford lane was later renamed the slightly less - contentious Magpie Lane , while London 's version retained a sense of euphemism when it was changed to ' Threadneedle Street ' .
Records do not show whether it was a decision of intentional irony that eventually placed the Bank of England there .
The word has good Shakespearian usage , though even he was a little subtle .
Hamlet asks whether he can lie in Ophelia 's lap , ' I mean , my head upon your lap ? ' and then says ' Do you think I meant country matters ? ' and follows up with ' It is a fair thought to lie between maids ' legs ' .
Ophelia answers non-committally to most of this .
A slightly more bawdy use of the word appears in Carry On Don't Lose Your Head , one of a series of British comedy films of the 1960s , in which actress Joan Sims refers to her husband , ' The Count ' , deliberately pronouncing the word ' Count ' with just enough room to be ( mis ) interpreted while still getting past the British film censors .
There is a story in Oxford that one of the religious societies in England 's oldest university was the Cambridge University New Testament Society , though that has the whiff of urban legend about it .
And more recently , there is a rumour that the former Newcastle Polytechnic had got to the stage of printing their letterheads with the name City University , Newcastle upon
Tyne before noticing what they were doing .
Other Universities can also be hotbeds of a certain inspired madness .
Late in 2000 , feminists in Penn State in the USA held a ' C *** fest ' with the stated objective of reclaiming the word , which , according to Inga Muscio in her book C*** : A Declaration of Independence , stems from words that were ' either titles of respect for women , priestesses and witches , or derivatives of goddesses ' names ' .
( Though how that squares with what the dictionaries say is not entirely clear ) .
Not surprisingly , the local community did not see the event in quite the same way .
The abusive term ' Berk ' also derives from this word , being cockney rhyming slang , short for ' Berkshire Hunt ' .
An alternative to this word is the t-word , which comes from an Old Norse word for cut or slit .
Pronounced to rhyme with ' hat ' , or , in some regions , ' pot ' , it is widely used in the UK as a slightly more expressive form of ' twit ' or ' idiot ' , and it seems likely that many of the people using it do not know what it means , or at least choose not to think about it .
They are in good company .
Robert Browning clearly did n't when he wrote the following lines in Pippa Passes :
Then owls and bats
Cowls and twats
Monks and nuns in a cloister 's moods ,
Adjourn to the oak - stump pantry .
However it is probable that he was misled by a poem printed around 1660 when that well known and scurrilous poet Anon stated :
They talked of his having a Cardinal 's Hat ,
They 'd send him as soon an Old Nun 's Twat .
Which appears to be why Browning thought it meant a piece of nun 's clothing , specifically a wimple ; and is a clear lesson to us all to check words we do n't understand in a dictionary , and not to infer meaning from context .
A Scottish alternative to these words , little - known south of the border , is ' fud ' .
Intercourse
Although this sounds like the most Anglo - Saxon of all Anglo - Saxon words , the origin of the f- word meaning ' sexual intercourse ' is actually rather obscure .
There is a legend that the old name for the crime of rape was ' Forced Unlawful Carnal Knowledge ' , and part of the punishment was that an abbreviation of the crime would be branded on the perpetrators head .
Hence , people with ' F. U. C. K. ' on their head were known to be rapists .
A similar story is that during the time of the plague when it was necessary to increase the population a royal injunction was issued telling the common folk to ' Fornicate Under Command of the King . '
These , however , would appear to be acronyms intentionally spelling out an existing word rather than new creations themselves .
Eric Partridge , a famous etymologist , has suggested that the Old German ' ficken ' or ' fucken ' , meaning ' to strike or penetrate ' , was related to the Latin words for pugilist , puncture , and prick , or to the Latin ' futuere ' which had the slang meaning ' to copulate ' .
There are also clearer links to Dutch where ' fokken ' means breed and is applied to cattle , and to a Swedish dialect word ' fokken ' which has the English meaning .
Certainly , all the earliest uses of the word in English came via Scotland , suggesting a Scandinavian origin .
Records from as early as 1278 identify a man called John Le-Fucker ( which , considering people often had names to do with their occupations , makes the mind boggle ) , and it was certainly in common usage by the 16th Century , appearing in a dictionary , John Florio's A World of Words , in 1598 .
By the 18th century , it had became a vulgar term ;
It was even banned from the Oxford English Dictionary .
DH Lawrence 's Lady Chatterley 's Lover ( written in 1928 ) was the first serious ( ie non-pornographic ) book in English to use the word accurately and in context and was famously banned for over thirty years .
In 1960 , US publishers Grove Press won a court case permitting it to publish the book in America , meaning it was the first time the word had been legally used in print , while three years later , the ban was overturned in a British court in the infamous ' Lady Chatterly trial ' .
American author Norman Mailer used the euphemism ' fug ' in The Naked and the Dead , and when famous wit Dorothy Parker met him at a party , she said , ' So you 're the young man who ca n't spell f***?'
It has been recognised as one of the most versatile words in the English language , and can be put to use as an expletive , an adjective , a noun or a verb , as demonstrated in an email circular that has been widely distributed over the years .
Poet Laureate Philip Larkin used the word in the opening lines of one of his poems , writing one of those sentences which is simple , lucid and which cannot possibly be expressed in any other way :
' They fuck you up , your Mum and Dad ,
They may not mean to , but they do '
Kenneth Tynan the enfant terrible of mid 20th century British cultural criticism was the first person to use the word on British TV , on the BBC no less , during a live discussion programme , sparking a major and significant debate in the British press .
Everyone could see what the articles were about , their eyes were drawn by the asterisks .
The word is often shortened by Brits to just ' Eff ' , as in the phrase ' effing an blinding ' to describe someone who swears a lot .
( ' Blinding ' probably refers to an archaic usage ' God Blind Me ' still heard in ' Cor Blimey ' ) .
The F of the f-word also appears in various quasi-military acronyms most of which can be traced back to and may even have been spawned by the second world war .
There is ' FUBBED up ' - 'F****d Up Beyond Belief ' ; FUBAR - 'F****d Up Beyond All Recognition ' ; FUNDY - 'F****d Up , Not Dead Yet ' - as used on the notes of patients in hospitals who were , well ...
FUNDY .
There is also : ' NFW ' - ' No F*** ing Way ' ; and ' SNAFU - ' Situation Normal , All F****d Up ' .
This last one is reputed to be the origin of ' naff ' , which was popularised in Britain in the 1970s programme Porridge , and reportedly used by Princess Anne .
In recent years , it has also come into gay parlance to disparagingly refer to heterosexuals - standing for ' not available for f*** ing ' or , less commonly , ' not a f*** ing fairy ' .
In 1999 , Conservative Future - the youth wing of the Conservative Party - started using the logo ' CFUK ' .
Sadly , this got them into trouble with the clothing company French Connection UK , who had recently rebranded themselves ' fcuk ' .
It is strange to think that there may be an entire generation who , like Norman Mailer , cannot spell the word .
A phrase that , until recently , was almost exclusively American , is ' mother -f****r'.
Although it has been suggested that this means merely ' someone who rapes your mother ' and was coined by slaves to describe the slave owners , there does not appear to be any evidence for this theory .
It is more likely a taunt designed to be as offensive as possible , with Oedipal connotations .
From the Middle English for ' wriggle ' or the Old French for ' rub ' , ' frig ' is sometimes used as a euphemism for ' f ***' , at other times used to mean ' masturbate ' ; usually only seen as a gerundive ( or verbal adjective ) ' frigging ' .
The Sex Pistols did a version of The Good Ship Venus with the chorus ' Frigging in the rigging ' cos there 's f*** all else to do ' .
Literally ' one who commits buggery ' ( anal sex ) , ' bugger ' derives from Bulgaria and the Bogomils .
These were originally a heretic Christian sect who were stigmatised as sodomites .
Section 12 of the UK 1956 sexual offences act refers to buggery .
According to this , buggery is sexual intercourse between males or between male and female in an ' unnatural manner ' , or between male or female with an animal in any manner whatsoever .
This word is often used affectionately , as in ' lucky bugger ' ; ' jammy bugger ' ; ' flash bugger ' ; ' old bugger ' and so on , and is sometimes softened to ' beggar ' .
The famous and probably apocryphal epitaph says , ' Under this sod , lies another ' .
Sod means turf , but here is an abbreviation for ' Sodomite ' .
Sodomy is , like ' bugger ' , anal sex , and the word ' Sodomite ' refers to the population of the Old Testament city Sodom which was destroyed by God because of the sinful ways of its inhabitants .
He destroyed its twin town Gomorrah at the same time , and it is tempting to wonder what the people of Gomorrah did to be ranked with the Sodomites .
Schoolboys also used to snigger at the Good King Wenceslas verse which goes :
In his master 's steps he trod
Where the snow lay dinted
Heat was in the very sod
Which the saint had printed
This was also the word which brought about the trial and imprisonment of Oscar Wilde .
The Marquess of Queensberry was the father of Wilde 's young lover Bosie , and in a rage he accused Wilde on paper of posing as a ' Somdomite ' ( so not only was he narrow - minded , he could n't spell either ) .
Bosie encouraged Wilde to sue for libel , but the truth is no libel and when it became clear that Wilde was indeed a sodomite , he was in turn tried and jailed for it .
In recent years , an alternative to the f-word has grown in popularity , largely thanks to the Austin Powers films .
' Shag ' has a dozen or so definitions that are completely non-sexual though ; one comes from the Old Norse for beard , hence ' shaggy ' to describe someone or something that looks loose and unkempt ( cf ' shag - pile carpets ' ) .
There are the small marine birds called shags ( Phalacrocorax aristotelis or Phalacrocorax punctatus ) of Europe and North Africa , which are related to the cormorant .
The famous Liver Birds on the crest of Liverpool are inspired by these river waders .
' Shag ' is also a kind of coarse tobacco , so it should be possible to go into a tobacconist and ask the person behind the counter to give you their best shag without being arrested .
In 1987 , the American soul group The Tams had a Top 30 UK hit with a song called There Ain't Nothing Like Shaggin ' .
They were probably rather puzzled to hear that what they regarded as an innocent little ditty about a dance craze was having trouble getting airplay in Britain .
And you would think that Americans in the entertainment industry would have learned to check the titles of their movies and indeed the names of their bands and songs for international innuendo .
Mind you , it must be tempting to mislead them if you are the person who they ask for the advice .
Bodily Functions
Swear - words that do not pertain to body parts invariably refer to bodily functions or secretions .
It 's true to say that the first swear - words most children learn are scatological , focusing on urination ( ' wee - wee ' ) or excretion ( ' plop ' , ' poo ' ) .
As we get older , though sexual swear - words tend to predominate , there is still a resistance to progressing beyond what Freud described as the ' anal phase ' .
Excrement
Both a noun and a verb , meaning excrement and to excrete , and also used an adjective , ' shit ' is a true Anglo Saxon word .
Curiously , the past participle of ' shit ' was once ' shitten ' , as shown in Chaucer 's General Prologue to the Canterbury Tales where he refers to the ' shitten shepherd and clene sheep ' .
Though we might expect this to have evolved into ' shitted ' , the more common form of the word in the past tense is in fact ' shat ' .
' Shite ' is an alternative form of the word , particularly used in Scotland , Ireland and Northern England .
In the 18th Century Jonathan Swift describes the disillusion of an obsessed voyeur called Strephon in the following lines :
Thus finishing his grand survey ,
Disgusted Strephon stole away
Repeating in his amorous fits ,
Oh !
Celia , Celia , Celia shits !
' Bullshit ' , an Americanism , is used to mean ' rubbish ' or ' nonsense ' , and from that we get the back - formation ' bull ' .
' Crap ' is vulgar , but less so than ' shit ' .
In addition to ' excrement ' , it can be used to mean ' stuff ' or ' things ' .
Like shit , it may also be used as an adjective : a Brit might describe something as being crap or crappy , in the same way they might describe something slightly worse as shit or shitty .
There are two possible origins for the word .
The word has links to the Middle English for chaff , and the Middle Dutch ' to tear off ' which is more suitable than ever in these days of velvet - soft toilet tissue .
A second possible origin is the Victorian plumber named Thomas Crapper who gave the world the syphonic flush : British Standard 7357 ( 1990 ) still requires that ' Cisterns shall be supplied with an efficient flushing apparatus of the valveless syphonic type which prevents the waste of water . '
Crapper left his name not only on toilet cisterns , but also on manhole covers across southern England .
And thus a crapper is a toilet , and not the person who uses it .
Crap is obsolete slang for money , which is presumably the origin of the Craps game .
So an American might ' throw a crap ' , that is they might throw a seven while trying to make a point .
These American usages leaves Brits either sniggering or confused or both .
Crap is a noun rather than a verb , and Brits will ' have a crap ' , except when they are afraid , then they are ' crapping it ' .
Confusingly ' crapulence ' ( from the Latin for being drunk ) is sickness caused by heavy drinking .
However it often also involves toilets .
Urine
The word ' piss ' ( or , in Scotland , ' pish ' ) has its origins in Latin ( pissare ) and French ( pisser ) , an onomatopoeic word to describe the sound of urination .
One of the mildest swear - words , it nevertheless has a major influence on a number of common British phrases .
When men sleep , the build - up of urine in the bladder puts pressure on the man 's prostate gland , resulting in an erection .
In the 17th and 18th Centuries , a man who was thought to be unnecessarily arrogant would be described as ' piss - proud ' .
The New Canting Dictionary of 1725 contained an entry on ' vain - glorious or ostentatious me ' which read :
One that boasts without reason , or , as the Canters say , ' pisses more than he drinks ' .
If you were to ridicule someone for being too ' full of themself ' , you would ' take the piss ' out of them .
As the word ' piss ' became categorised as vulgar , the phrase was modified - ' taking the micturations ' , later shortened to ' taking the mickey ' ( nothing to do with a person called Michael ) .
With the invention of the urinal , gentlemen would aim towards a small illustration of a bee , intended as a ' pissing point ' , the Latin word for bee being ' apis ' , while a domestic commode would be referred to as a ' piss - pot ' .
In Britain , the link between alcohol and urine is clear : a night out might be described as ' going on the piss ' ; if a person appears to be spending his money excessively on alcohol he is said to be ' Pissing it against the wall ' - presumably on the same principle that you do n't buy bad beer , just rent it ; a ' piss - up ' is a drunken party or pub-crawl .
' Smeg ' is a word that has only come into common usage as a swear - word since 1988 after it was popularised by the BBC science fiction sitcom Red Dwarf .
Short for smegma , which is defined with delicacy as ' a sebaceous secretion , especially that under the prepuce ' , it is derived from the Greek for soap , and it is also known , less delicately , as ' knobcheese ' .
General Insults
William the Conqueror 's parents were not married , and before 1066 he was known as ' William the Bastard ' .
After 1066 , the Anglo Saxons he conquered would probably still have called him ' William the Bastard ' for quite different reasons .
One theory of the etymology of this insult says that it comes from the French word ' bast ' as in ' fils de bast ' meaning son of the packsaddle , which compares with the British English usage of someone being ' born the wrong side of the blanket ' or being ' the son of a gun ' ( as in a ' shotgun wedding ' ) .
Another connects it with the Old Frisian for marriage , and Old English for bind .
Brits will say that something like the weather , or a sports result is ' a complete bastard ' as well as calling someone , usually male , a bastard if they have been particularly unpleasant .
The word is sometimes gentrified to ' Bar Steward ' , Australians use the word bastard as a term of affection .
The poet Robert Graves wrote a very odd little book called Lars Porsena , or The Future of Swearing and Improper Language .
Writing in the 1920s , he claimed that there was an definite class difference in the use of the words ' bastard ' and ' bugger ' .
He claimed that in the working class , people might well be sensitive about illegitimacy , but were often unfamiliar with homosexuality , and so bastard was a mortal insult and bugger was a much milder term .
The severity was reversed in the upper classes , who had nice traceable bloodlines and a boarding - school education .
He claimed that bugger was a much more serious insult in upper - class circles , where people were more likely to believe it .
Although ' bitch ' and ' bastard ' have different meanings , their usage is very similar , for , although a bitch is a female dog of any age , the word ' bitch ' is often used as a female form of ' bastard ' .
It 's used to describe someone who is vitriolic or scheming ( like Joan Collins in Dynasty ) ; in prison , it indicates a ' subordinate ' , often used in relationships about power ; it 's frequently used as a derogatory term to describe women - as in the dance track by the Prodigy , ' Smack my Bitch Up ' .
One familiar American usage is to call someone a ' son of a bitch ' ; Jack Nicholson is reported as saying that his mother was able to call him a son of a bitch with no detectable irony .
Finally , to ' bitch about something ' is to complain or whinge about it .
The word ' git ' is connected with ' get ' but in the sense of spawn or offspring , as in the old verb to beget , so your ' get ' are your ( probably illegitimate ) offspring .
In the northwest of England get is still used in the way that git is in the rest of the country .
In the BBC sitcom Till Death Us Do Part , Alf Garnett used to refer his Liverpudlian son in law as a ' Scouse git ' .
' Git ' is only a very mild form of abuse ( certainly in the UK anyway ) , and it can be used affectionately with people , calling someone a git as a real form of abuse is more likely to encourage them to laugh at you .
' Pillock ' is another word which was revived in Till Death Us Do Part .
Its origins are in the word ' pillicock ' , which is northern English slang for ' penis ' , and which compares with the shorter and more southern ' cock ' .
The earliest usage recorded in the OED describes someone getting their feet wet and saying : ' Mi pilkoc pisseth on mi schone ' ( schone ' meaning shoes ) .
Pillock is no longer considered obscene .
British politician Mo Mowlem was filmed on TV in a shopping precinct during the 2001 general election campaign telling someone wearing an odd shop uniform that they looked ' a complete pillock ' .
Everyone smiled , possibly with relief that Ms Mowlem , who has a reputation for using ' short words ' , used one of the longer and more repeatable ones .
A term of abuse that is all - but completely lost on Americans is 'w ****r' , derived from the word ' w **k ' , to rhyme with ' tank ' , which is a term for masturbation .
Often used to denote a stupid person , it has been heard in American shows such as Miami Vice and Buffy the Vampire Slayer , spoken by characters allegedly from London ( cf ' tosser ' ) .
The adjective 'w *** ered ' is often used by Brits ( usually Londoners or people who have lived in London for some time ) to mean ' extremely drunk ' .
Conclusion
This is a subject which fills books , and has a word all of its own : what you have been reading is a brief outline of English scatolinguistics .
One of the things which becomes clear is that usage varies widely from country to country , and within countries .
In one place a word may be a term of affection , in another a clear and direct term of abuse .
And these words provide a potted social history of the speakers of the English Language .
However , used appropriately and with panache , many people feel that these words actually add depth , colour and a sense of regional variation to the English language .
Frank Thoughts
Is Test - First Development an Impediment to Creative Flow ?
by Frank Sommers
January 27 , 2005
Summary
Writing tests before writing code is a key tenet of extreme programming : Write your tests before you write your code .
I find myself violating this XP rule very often .
A bit of psychology suggests that test - first development may actually stifle creative flow .
Advertisement
A key XP tenet is to write unit tests first , and then the simplest code that passes those tests .
As the Extreme Rules state ,
" When you create your tests first , before the code , you will find it much easier and faster to create your code ...
Creating a unit test helps a developer to really consider what needs to be done .
Requirements are nailed down firmly by tests . "
I find myself violating this tenet of XP very often .
I do test all my code , but often only after I 've already written that code .
Why does this one XP rule seem so out of place to me ?
I may have come close to the answer in the work of the famed psychologist Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi , professor and former chair of the psychology department at the University of Chicago .
Csikszentmihalyi ( pronounced ME - high CHICK - sent - me - high - ee ) is best known for his decades - long research into the key causes of happiness , and for his seminal book on Creativity .
For that work , he interviewed several hundred scientists , engineers , writers , artists , philosophers who shared the distinction of having achieved remarkable feats of originality in their work , advancing their respective fields .
Csikszentmihalyi wanted to find out what these people had in common that contributed to their exceptional creativity .
One shared thread :
Their experience of " creative flow " during their peak mental work .
Being in a state of flow means
" being completely involved in an activity for its own sake .
The ego falls away .
Time flies .
Every action , movement , and thought follows inevitably from the previous one , like playing jazz .
Your whole being is involved , and you 're using your skills to the utmost . "
Csikszentmihalyi identified four ingredients that must be present to experience flow .
The activity must present just the right amount of challenge :
If the activity is too hard , we become frustrated ; if too easy , boredom ensues .
There must be clear and unambiguous goals in mind .
There needs to be clear - cut and immediate feedback about the activity 's success .
Finally , our focus during the activity must center on the present - the activity itself .
Writing code in a certain way can help us get in a state of flow .
For flow to occur , we must work on a chunk of problem at the right complexity level - a problem that 's neither trivial , nor overly complex .
We must have a clear objective for what we 're working on -- for instance a specific , well - defined use case .
To receive immediate feedback , we must unit test the code as we write it .
Finally , it should be possible for these small pieces of functionality to work on their own , without having to go through major integration steps .
Most XP practices facilitate these conditions - with the exception of test - first coding .
In my experience , writing tests first often interrupts flow .
I can think of a couple of reasons :
The granularities of what 's easily testable and what 's a sufficiently challenging chunk of problem often mismatch .
In general , I find that testing works for small pieces of functionality the best .
But working on problems at a higher level , say at the level of 5 of 6 test cases , challenges us more .
The focus shifts to passing the tests from solving the use case .
So we may have a situation where all tests pass , but the use case still does n't work , or is not complete .
For instance , you may be working on a Web app controller .
That controller serves a specific use case , say , adding a new user to the system .
The controller must perform a set of validation steps first .
If all checks out , it must save the new user , and redirect to a confirmation page .
If errors occur , it must communicate those errors back to the user .
What I often like to do is just write all that logic in one sitting - focusing on the problem as a whole .
Only when the code is done do I like to write tests for that code .
In creating the tests , I often find the need to refactor the initial code into smaller methods that are easier to test .
But those small methods serve mainly the purpose of easier testing , and perhaps better comprehension of the code by other developers - they are a secondary artifact , created after the initial deed of writing the code to perform that focused , well - defined task .
Refactoring and testing are less creative than writing the initial code and , instead , are more " mechanical " activities .
I like to think of refactoring and testing as editing .
When writing an article , most writers first create an outline , then write the content , typically in a few sittings , and without regard to mistakes , typos , sentence structure , etc .
Only then does an author spend most of his time on editing , fine - tuning , and polishing the article .
" Writer 's block " often occurs when a writer intermingles editing with the initial " brainstorming " and creation of content .
Most writers would agree that editing is a very different kind of activity from coming up with the initial content .
Looking back at some of the more complex systems I worked on , I always developed the trickiest part of the code that way - in one sitting , just getting it to work from beginning to end .
I can often get a lot of work done that way , and produce a lot of functionality in a short period of time .
In other words , that is a very creative time period .
Then I spend some time on testing and refactoring .
I am curious if my experience is shared by others :
Do you really write your tests first ?
Resources
Extreme Progamming " Rules "
http://www.extremeprogramming.org/rules/testfirst.html
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi
http://www.edge.org/3rd_culture/bios/csik.html
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi .
Creativity : Flow and the Psychology of Discovery and Invention ..
Perennial , 1997 .
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi .
Flow : The Psychology of Optimal Experience .
Perennial , 1991 .
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 41 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Frank Sommers adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Frank Sommers is a Senior Editor with Artima Developer .
Prior to joining Artima , Frank wrote the Jiniology and Web services columns for JavaWorld .
Frank also serves as chief editor of the Web zine ClusterComputing.org , the IEEE Technical Committee on Scalable Computing 's newsletter .
Prior to that , he edited the Newsletter of the IEEE Task Force on Cluster Computing .
Frank is also founder and president of Autospaces , a company dedicated to bringing service - oriented computing to the automotive software market .
Prior to Autospaces , Frank was vice president of technology and chief software architect at a Los Angeles system integration firm .
In that capacity , he designed and developed that company 's two main products : A financial underwriting system , and an insurance claims management expert system .
Before assuming that position , he was a research fellow at the Center for Multiethnic and Transnational Studies at the University of Southern California , where he participated in a geographic information systems ( GIS ) project mapping the ethnic populations of the world and the diverse demography of southern California .
Frank 's interests include parallel and distributed computing , data management , programming languages , cluster and grid computing , and the theoretic foundations of computation .
He is a member of the ACM and IEEE , and the American Musicological Society .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2005 Frank Sommers .
All rights reserved .
By Jonathan Duffy
BBC News Magazine
Sony 's decision to ditch its Aibo robotic dog , along with its entire robot development team , is a reminder that we are still a long way from the age of automated domestic servants .
Architects of the Robot Age have been busy rethinking the future .
In the 1980s you could hardly move for suggestions that the Robot Age was upon us .
From Metal
Mickey , the wisecracking , head - spinning star of his eponymous sitcom , to the stylishly choreographed Fiat advert in which the Italian carmaker smugly revealed how it had apparently dispensed with humans altogether in the production of one model .
The tagline was an advertising classic : Handbuilt by Robots .
Every other week , in those days , it seemed the Tomorrow 's World team would unveil an exciting breakthrough in the world of robotics .
Cool people in nightclubs even took to dancing like the things .
We seemed to be teetering on a new era in which humans would play second - fiddle to computer - guided pneumatic creatures , which could doubtless play first fiddle better than the lead violinist of the Vienna Symphony Orchestra .
Then what ?
Robot Paws : The Sony Aibo , now deceased While computer technology advanced in leaps and bounds during the Nineties and Noughties , it remained firmly rooted in stationary beige boxes under desks .
Desperate housewives , who'd been banking on robot servants to take the weight off their feet , have largely been disappointed .
Self - guiding vacuum cleaners and lawn mowers can now be bought off - the - peg .
But , by most accounts , their efficacy when compared to human effort , is limited .
Honda 's Asimo robot , which looks like a scaled - down Star Wars storm trooper , can walk , run , greet people and go up stairs .
But it remains , for the time being at least , a research project .
In terms of a real walking , talking everyday robot for the home , Sony 's Aibo robot dog , which retails at about £ 1,200 , is perhaps the closest it gets .
Back to basics
But on Thursday the Japanese electronics firm announced that , after six years and sales of 150,000 units , it is putting Aibo to sleep as part of a belt - tightening exercise that sees the closure of Sony 's entire robotics unit .
Robotics is going to be a massive , massive business , be it in toys , construction , or leisure and entertainment - but it'll be market - led
Prof Chris Melhuish
It might seem as though the robot revolution we were promised 20 years ago has hit an almighty malfunction .
On the outskirts of Hatfield , Hertfordshire , in a ground - floor flat in which two customised robots are the only full - time residents , a team of researchers have been grappling with just this issue .
The University of Hertfordshire 's human - robot interaction research group has , along with most other robot development programmes , gone back to basics .
" For a long time people thought the summit of human intelligence was our capacity for problem solving , IQ tests and the like .
So in developing robots they designed them to do these complex tasks , like playing chess , " says Prof Kerstin Dautenhahn , the group 's leader and professor of artificial intelligence .
" But now people are saying that its humans ' ability to deal with complex social relationships that 's made us intelligent .
Primatologists suggest this is what has made us smarter . "
Feigning sensitivity
So while the world gasped at the sight of a robot defeating a chess Grandmaster , no one had thought to equip these mobile lumps of metal with the fundamental social skills that humans take for granted in each other .
And what do you do ?
Honda 's Asimo hits the Royal circuit
These days , the watchword in robotics is " multi- disciplinary " - bringing together people from sociology and psychology backgrounds , as well as the technical folk , to build a robot that could be a true domestic goddess .
Hence the research team decamping from the laboratory to a humble flat , where it has let its robots loose on 700 volunteer subjects .
The team has been studying issues such as personal space , how people expect a robot to approach them , or even get their attention .
" What 's the best way for a robot to interrupt you if you are reading a newspaper - by gesturing with its arms , blinking its lights or making a sound , " says Prof Dautenhahn .
" We've this notion of the personalised robot companion and we are seriously looking into people 's likes and dislikes and how they can be useful to people . "
Prof Chris Melhuish , who is overseeing similar works at the Bristol Robotics Laboratory , agrees .
" The dynamics of interactions are incredibly important .
It does n't have feelings of course , but must have the techniques and wherewithal to appear to have feelings that are sensitive to humans , " says Prof Melhuish .
Evil - natured robots " Suppose a robot is giving directions .
If I was to do that , and you became confused , I 'd be able to see that in your face and adjust my directions accordingly .
So a robot also needs to be able to see your face and determine your befuddlement . "
The University of Hertfordshire research team Half - way through its four - year research project , the Hertfordshire team , which feeds into a larger European project on robotic research , has made a number of important discoveries .
For example while most people are happy enough for a robot to pad around the house rather as a human would , a substantial minority are uncomfortable with it lingering in close proximity .
Inevitably , everyone has their own expectations .
And the bad press robots tend to get , particularly through Hollywood films , meant that for some folk at least , robots need a softly - softly approach .
Movies like I Robot , Terminator and Blade Runner have helped instil the idea in some people , at least , that robots are a malign , even murderous , force .
By comparison , the two robots used by Prof Dautenhahn 's team are almost entirely functional and benign .
They do n't even have names - that would threaten the dispassionate nature of the team 's research .
In fact , they look no more advanced than the prototype robots that were wheeled out on Tomorrow 's World all those years ago .
But in this case , that 's missing the point .
While the technical challenges to perfecting servile domestic robots are still vast , history shows that what humans expect of them are every bit as important .
Add your comments on this story , using the form below .
With regard to " self - guiding vacuum cleaners " , I 've had one for six months and it's a boon .
The house has never been so clean .
The problem with these devices is marketing , most folks do n't even realise they are available or how cheap they are compared to non-robotic household appliances .
Ashley Van Haeften , London I would suggest that our dislike of robots in the home is down to the fact that as the superior race , we need to have a certain amount of control over what a robot does .
A human butler 's aim is to be invisible , but be prepared to serve .
But who needs a butler - robotic or otherwise ?
Like the robotic vacuum , robots need to invisible so that in time we can forget about carrying out that mundane task ever again .
I do n't think we need interaction , just something to take over the tasks we perform regularly .
Craig , Blackburn , England
It seems that the robot designers are concentrating on things that are not priorities for potential consumers .
Robots for the home will only be purchased when they can perform dull tasks properly without supervision .
If I had the money to buy a robot to do the vacuum - cleaning , I would n't want to have to pay a cleaner to do the dusting as well ; I 'd want the robot to do it .
Similarly a lawn - mowing robot would also need to be able to dig flower beds and remove weeds without damaging the plants I want to grow .
The level of ' hand - eye ' coordination required for these simple tasks is beyond the capabilities of current robots and until that problem is solved no - one will be interested in whether they appear to have any empathy with humans , how they communicate or what they look like .
Chris , Gravesend , UK Surely the age of robots is with us ; they are just so common that we do n't recognise them as such .
Humanoid robots are a fantasy that may never be useful and common .
However , a computer chip controlling mechanical labour saving devices abound .
Nearly everything around us has a processor controlling mechanics even my humble Toaster .
Aidan Hall , London Spending an inordinate amount of time altering robots to suit our needs forgets the adaptability of humans .
We could adapt to suit the robots far more easily than altering their interaction to suit the human bias , although a happy compromise will probably be the solution .
Joe Round , Nottingham
Took them long enough to work this out - evidently they never saw Short Circuit in the 80s !
Andrew Watkins , Glasgow , Scotland Robots can already be engineered to be able to duplicate most human physical capabilities ( walk , run , swing , dance etc. ) but the problem lies in the mental capabilities .
A pocket calculator can do math better and quicker than any human but asking a calculator to make a cup of tea is useless .
The factor which demands the most research and is holding robotics back is the development of Artificial Intelligence / Artificial Life .
Without a brain inside , it 's just an expensive toy .
Matt Stockton , Vienna , Austria I find it interesting that you mention " I , Robot " but not the " The Bicentennial Man " .
Both movies are based on Isaac Asimov 's same - named stories .
In " The Bincentennial Man " robots are shown in a very positive manner .
I find it strange that people are afraid of robots , especially that we will be able to build them with safeguards .
I wish people can be built that way .
Lou
Lou G. , Toronto , Canada
Is there any real need for a humanoid robot ?
I 'm sure one day there will be many around , but for most tasks in our everyday lives , I see computer technology leading the way .
With technologies such as voice activation , motion sensing and guidance systems available , what use would a modern robot actually be ?
And what will we do with ourselves while the robots take over our everyday tasks ?
Personally I think the best use would be to assist physically - challenged people .
Steven Peters , Birmingham , UK Its quite clearly George Galloway 's fault .
Having demonstrated in the Big Brother house the full extent of what 's possible in ' robotics ' ,
Sony have quite sensibly decided that there 's nothing further they can add .
Andrew Magowan , London I have a first - generation Aibo .
It 's supposed to learn and modify its behaviour .
It has a pressure pad on top of its head which when pressed is supposed to give it pleasure and to which it reacts .
In the four years I 've had it never learned to bash its own head against the wall !!
Ian Haines , London
Here I am - brain the size of a planet and their killing off robot dogs .
Oh well not long to go for me then .
Marvin , Name
Your e-mail address
Town / city and country
Your comment
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
AMERICAN consumers have been one of the main engines of global growth for the past decade .
But now , as America 's housing boom threatens to turn into a bust , many forecasters expect household spending to stall .
A few even worry that America could come perilously close to a recession in 2007 .
Previous American downturns have usually dragged the rest of the world economy down , too .
Yet this time its fate will depend largely upon whether China and the other Asian economies can decouple from the slowing American locomotive .
According to conventional wisdom , American consumers have single - handedly kept the world economy chugging along , whereas cautious Europeans and Asians have preferred to save .
Yet the importance of America 's role in global growth is often exaggerated .
During the past five years America has accounted for only 13 % of global real GDP growth , using purchasing - power parity ( PPP ) weights .
The real driver of the world economy has been Asia , which has accounted for over half of the world 's growth since 2001 .
Even in current dollar terms , rather than PPP , Asia 's 21 % contribution to the increase in world GDP exceeded America 's 19 % .
But current dollar figures understate Asia 's weight in the world , because in China and other poor countries things like housing and domestic services are much cheaper than in rich countries , so a dollar of spending buys a lot more .
If you want to compare consumer spending across countries , it therefore makes more sense to convert local currency spending into dollars using PPPs rather than market exchange rates .
However , the doomsayers argue that Asia 's growth has itself been based largely on exporting to America , whereas domestic demand in the region has languished .
Their evidence for this is that Asia is running a combined current - account surplus of over $ 400 billion , implying that it is contributing much more to world supply than to demand .
Thus if America 's demand stumbles , the growth in Asia 's exports and output would also plunge .
Asia 's export growth would certainly slow sharply , but it is the change in net exports that contributes to a country 's growth rate , not the absolute size of that surplus .
Since 2001 the increase in emerging Asia 's trade surplus has added less than one percentage point a year on average to the region 's average growth rate of almost 7 % .
Contrary to the received view , the bulk of Asia 's growth has been domestically driven .
True , domestic demand ( investment and consumption ) has grown more slowly than GDP over the past year everywhere except in Malaysia ( see chart 1 ) .
But in most cases the gap has been small , especially in China , India , Japan and Indonesia .
In contrast , growth in Taiwan , Hong Kong and Singapore has been heavily dependent on external demand over the past year .
It is true that exports account for 40 % of China 's GDP , but those exports have a large import component ; only a quarter of the value of China 's exports is added locally .
The impact of a slowdown in export growth would therefore be partially offset by a slowdown in imports .
China 's GDP growth has come mainly from domestic demand , which has been growing by an annual 9 % in recent years .
The idea that China 's growth is mainly export - led is not the only popular myth .
Another , says Jonathan Anderson , an economist at UBS , is that China 's consumer spending is feeble .
Several recent reports highlight that according to official figures spending has fallen from 50 % of nominal GDP in 1990 to 42 % today .
But this partly reflects an even stronger boom in capital spending .
Real consumer spending has been growing at an average annual pace of 10 % over the past decade — the fastest in the world and much faster than in America ( see chart 2 ) .
There is also good reason to believe that official figures understate consumer spending in China because of their inadequate coverage of services .
Purchases of homes by the Chinese have risen rapidly since they were first allowed in 1998 , but these are also excluded from the figures .
If they are added in , Mr Anderson calculates , total household spending has not fallen as a share of GDP .
How does this square with the common perception that Chinese household saving is extraordinarily high and rising ?
The truth is that it is not .
The saving of Chinese households has in fact fallen from 20 % to 16 % of GDP over the past decade .
The main reason why China 's total national saving rate looks so high ( at close to 50 % ) is that Chinese companies have been saving a much bigger slice of their booming profits ( see article ) .
Bags and bags of shopping
Across many other Asian countries , the notion of the frugal Asian consumer is equally flawed , says Mr Anderson .
Although consumption has fallen as a share of GDP in most Asian countries , this does not mean that households are saving more .
Excluding China and India , household saving has fallen sharply , from 15 % of GDP in the late 1980s to 8 % today .
The paradox is explained by the fact that wage incomes have risen more slowly than GDP as production has become more capital intensive .
But this means that Asian consumers are spending a rising share of their income by borrowing or running down their savings .
Amazingly , the savings rate of Japanese households has fallen more sharply than that of American households over the past decade .
AFP
Doing their bit to help the world economy
The IMF estimates that in Asia as a whole ( including Japan as well as the emerging economies ) real growth in consumer spending has averaged a healthy 6.3 % a year in 2005 and 2006 .
This suggests that Asian consumers can help sustain fairly robust GDP growth in Asia even if America 's economy takes a dive .
Some pundits have predicted a boom in Asian consumer spending over the coming years , which would help to fill the gap left by American consumers cutting back on their purchases .
But if consumer spending is already rising strongly in Asia , there is little pent - up demand ready to explode .
On the other hand , spending by firms could pick up .
After the Asian economic crisis in the late 1990s , investment plunged everywhere except China .
It has remained relatively weak .
However , as the overhang of excess capacity and debt has disappeared , capital spending is now starting to perk up across Asia .
Japanese firms ' average return on assets now exceeds long - term interest rates by 5 % , the widest margin for decades , according to Merrill Lynch .
The Bank of Japan 's latest Tankan survey of business confidence found firms to be unexpectedly cheery .
Big Japanese manufacturers now report insufficient production capacity for the first time since 1991 and plan to increase capital spending by 17 % in the year to March .
Another reason for believing that Asian economies can decouple from an American downturn is that most of them have small budget deficits or even surpluses .
This means they have plenty of scope to ease fiscal policy to support domestic demand so as to offset some of the fall in exports .
The main exception is Japan , which has a massive public debt ;
Taiwan , where domestic demand is worryingly weak , is also constrained by a large budget deficit .
South Korea , on the other hand , which has run a budget surplus for seven years , has plenty of scope to ease up .
The United States of where ?
Not only is growth in China and the rest of Asia chiefly domestically led , but America 's share of Asia 's total exports has fallen from 25 % to 20 % over the past five years .
Regional trade links within Asia have also deepened , thanks partly to growing Chinese demand .
Goldman
Sachs reports that five years ago China 's imports for domestic use were only half as big as those for the assembly and re-export of products , but now they are roughly the same size .
So strong domestic demand in China sucks in more imports .
China 's exports to America have fallen from 34 % of its total exports in 1999 to 25 % now ( adjusting for the re-exports which are made through Hong Kong ) .
Chinese exports to the European Union are now almost as big as those to America and are growing faster .
When America sneezes , the rest of the world 's economies may no longer catch a cold
America takes only 23 % of Japan 's exports , down from almost 40 % in the late 1980s .
However , this understates Japan 's total exposure .
Japanese firms ( like those in South Korea and Taiwan ) send a lot of components to China for assembly into goods , which are then exported to America as finished products .
On top of this , if a sinking American economy pulled the dollar down with it , this would further squeeze Asian exporters .
A recent report by Peter Morgan at HSBC estimates that slower American growth will hurt China , India and Japan much less than it will the smaller Asian economies , such as Singapore , Taiwan and Hong Kong , that are more dependent on foreign demand .
China , India and Japan account for three - quarters of Asia 's GDP and so , given the deeper regional trade links , they should help to support demand in the whole region .
If America 's GDP growth slows next year to 1.9 % , from 3.5 % in 2006 , as HSBC expects , then Asia 's growth is tipped to slow from just above 7 % this year to just below 6 % in 2007 .
Weaker exports will badly hurt some industries , but overall , the region will continue to grow at a reasonable pace .
Could Asia withstand a sharper American slowdown ?
Hong Liang at Goldman Sachs estimates that if America 's GDP growth drops to zero by the end of 2007 then China 's annual export growth could plummet from 26 % in early 2006 to a decline of 2 % by late 2007 .
That sounds dire .
Yet after taking account of the impact of slower export growth on imports and domestic demand ( ie , slower growth in investment ) , Ms Liang estimates that China 's GDP would still expand by a respectable 8 % .
That is significantly down from this year 's growth rate of over 10 % , which is still too fast to be sustained .
China is today tightening policy so as to slow down its runaway economy : weaker external demand could be partly offset by reversing these measures .
In sum , if America suffers a slump , the economies of China and the rest of Asia would slow , but they are unlikely to be derailed .
However , a slowdown in America could affect Asia indirectly through other channels .
Most important and least certain of all would be the impact of an American recession on financial markets .
Even if economies can decouple , global financial markets tend to be more tightly linked through the investment strategies of hedge funds and the like .
If America 's economy hits the buffers , this will surely trigger a rise in risk premiums and a drying up of market liquidity , pushing share prices lower in Asia as well as in America .
When America sneezes , the rest of the world 's economies may no longer catch a cold ; but if Wall Street shivers , global tremors will still be widely felt .
本エントリ はCloudStack Advent Calendar 2014の22日目のエントリとして書きました。
はじめに
今年の7月か らApache CloudStackを用いてプライベートクラウドを運用しています。オープンソース版のCloudStackを155台（プロセッサ数3100）の計算機で運用するというのは、それなりの規模だと自負しています。InfiniBand + PCIパススルーでHPC用途でも使える性能を持った仮想クラスタを提供するという点が目玉です。詳細は次の2つのスライドを参照してもらうとして、本エントリでは、現在に至るまで遭遇したCloudStackの問題をまとめてみました。
プライマリストレージがローカルディスク、セカンダリストレージがS3互換のCephオブジェクトストレージという具合に、一般的な構成とはちょっと違っているのでコーナーケースをいろいろ踏んでいる模様です。通常はプライマリストレージとしてNFSなどの共有ストレージが使われます。CloudStackでは、スケジューラが選んだホストにVMをデプロイし、何か問題があると、VMマイグレーションで別ホストに動かすという処理を行うことがあります。共有ストレージの場合はまったく問題ないのですが、ローカルストレージだとマイグレーションできず、そこでジ・エンドです。例えば、以下のリストには挙げてませんが、仮想クラスタを作成するとき、複数のVMを同時並行にデプロイします。この際、タイミングによっては、スケジューラは同じホストを選択することがあります。しかし、PCIパススルーを使う場合はホストに1 VMしか実行できないので、後続のVMはリソース不足でデプロイに失敗します。すると、そのVMを次の候補のホストにマイグレーションしようとするのですが、前述のようにプライマリストレージがローカルストレージだとマイグレーションに失敗し、デプロイもエラーになります。（補足：PCIパススルー拡張の有無に関わらず、デプロイに失敗した場合にこの問題は起きえます。）
当初はMLやJIRAにリポートしても反応が薄く（というか無反応）でかなり気持ちが萎えたのですが、年末に近づくにつれパッチも取り込まれ始め安堵しています。まだまだ抱えている問題は山積しているので、来年は開発コミュニティに対してもっとプレゼンスを上げていきたいと考えています。また、運用で得た知見も別途機会を設けて共有したいですね。
But he feels himself atop a volcano of fundamentalism .
He is among the last of the Westernized , British - style officers in the national army ; after him come the men with the beards .
The military and Pakistani society are filled with those who do not see the Taliban as a threat : it is an American problem , and one for an Afghan government toward which they feel ambivalence .
So President Musharraf must walk a fine line .
And he must be as devious with us as he is with any other faction .
Thus Pakistani strategy is to get the Taliban to the point where it can set up secure leadership bases in remote parts of Afghanistan and move across the border .
Then Pakistan will claim that it is no longer its problem .
There are two opposing tipping points to watch out for .
The first is the moment the Taliban leadership feels safe in bases inside Afghanistan and decides it can mobilize to infiltrate and eventually topple the cities .
That is when Presidents Bush and Karzai lose .
Mr. Karzai would need to form his own private militia , and perhaps cut a deal with Mullah Omar in order to survive .
The other tipping point is when the Taliban leaders inside Pakistan feel themselves under so much pressure from the local authorities that their energy is spent on survival rather than on running operations .
That is when Messrs .
Bush and Karzai win .
Unfortunately , this seems less likely than the first tipping point .
We ca n’t reverse this drift without a stronger policy toward Pakistan .
I say this with extreme trepidation .
President Musharraf , for all his faults , may still be the worst person to rule his country except for any other who might replace him .
And yet it is necessary to hold his feet to the fire to a greater extent than we have .
Things have reached the point that it was entirely justified for the American ambassador to Islamabad , Ryan Crocker , to say this month that the exiled former Prime Ministers Benazir Bhutto and Nawaz Sharif should be allowed to return and run against Mr. Musharraf .
As corrupt as those two leaders were , we need leverage .
IN the end , the battle for Afghanistan will be won in the villages , and the time - tested rules of counterinsurgency will apply .
The two most vital goals in this case will be giving the local residents a stake in the outcome through subsidies and development projects ; and providing security through the presence of coalition troops embedded with Afghan Army units .
Periodic patrols do n’t cut it .
If you live and sleep beside people , they tend to trust you .
You do n’t win these kinds of wars operating out of big bases near the capital .
Finally , while democracy may be an abstraction in the Afghan countryside , it can be a powerful psychological tool if explained in the language of nuts - and - bolts enticements .
With our help , President Karzai ’s rural representatives must articulate a strategy of hope and development , and contrast it with the one of interminable conflict that is all that the Taliban can ultimately offer .
( 復旧済 ) 10/30 はてなの各種サービスに接続できない障害が発生しています
平素よりはてなをご利用いただきありがとうございます。2018年10月30日（火）20:27頃より、はてなの各種サービスに接続できない障害が発生しています。影響範囲については調査中です…
This is not a normal diet book , and I am not a normal diet book author .
I 'm not a doctor .
Nor am I a nutritionist , psychologist , sports hero , gourmet chef , or any of the other vocations that seem to qualify people to tell you how to lose weight .
I 'm an engineer by training , a computer programmer by avocation , and an businessman through lack of alternatives .
From grade school in the 1950's until 1988 I was fat — anywhere from 30 to 80 pounds overweight .
This is a diet book by somebody who spent most of his life fat .
The absurdity of my situation finally struck home in 1987 .
“ Look , ” I said to myself , “ you founded one of the five biggest software companies in the world , Autodesk .
You wrote large pieces of AutoCAD , the world standard for computer aided design .
You 've made in excess of fifty million dollars without dropping dead , going crazy , or winding up in jail .
You 've succeeded at some pretty difficult things , and you can't control your flippin ' weight ? ”
Through all the years of struggling with my weight , the fad diets , the tedious and depressing history most fat people share , I had never , even once , approached controlling my weight the way I 'd work on any other problem : a malfunctioning circuit , a buggy program , an ineffective department in my company .
As an engineer , I was trained to solve problems .
As a software developer , I designed tools to help others solve their problems .
As a businessman I survived and succeeded by managing problems .
And yet , all that time , I had n't looked at my own health as something to be investigated , managed , and eventually solved in the same way .
I decided to do just that .
This book is a compilation of what I learned .
Six months after I decided being fat was a problem to be solved , not a burden to be endured , I was no longer overweight .
Since then , my weight has n't varied by more than a few pounds .
I 'm hungry less often at 145 pounds than I was at 215 .
I look better , feel great , and have more energy for the things I enjoy .
I spend only a few minutes a day maintaining this happy situation .
And I know I 'll be able to control my weight from now on , because I have the tools I need , the will to use them , and the experience to know they work .
The tools are now in your hands .
Live long and prosper .
2005 data ( pdf ) :
Percentage of employees who were paid minimum wage : 4.3
Percentage of minimum - wage workers who were
- working part - time : 59.2
- between 15 and 19 years old : 44.5
- students living at home : 33.2
- heads of a household with children under 18 : 5.4
The Toronto Star , in its recent series on the ' working poor ' , offers as support for its call to increase the minimum wage the ' Questions by Experts ' section of the UN Committee on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights ' report on Canada :
On the minimum wage , it appeared that this did not allow for a decent standard of living , as it was below the amount needed to keep people above the poverty line , and this was contrary to the Covenant , and [ the Expert ] asked what would stop a country as wealthy as Canada from implementing a minimum wage that provided a decent standard of living .
I do n't know what sort of expertise the The Expert is supposed to have , but the answer to his question is this : the minimum wage is a remarkably ineffective instrument for dealing with poverty .
Labour demand curves slope downward in rich countries , too .
Update : A longer discussion of the effects of the minimum wage on employment and poverty is here .
What is MatLisp ?
MatLisp is a set of CLOS classes for handling matrices .
The classes allow a simple and consistent interface to matrix operations .
Matlisp is powered by the well - known and well - tested linear algebra packages BLAS and LAPACK .
This provides the Matlisp user an immediate interface to a set of specialized and well documented linear algebra routines such as + , - , * , / , eigenvalue , SVD and Cholesky decompositions and the list continues ...
Why MatLisp ?
While MatLisp essentially supplies a wrapper around the BLAS and LAPACK routines , it is more than that .
You have at your disposable the complete Lisp language and CLOS .
This allows you to write clean , object - oriented code that can utilize the LAPACK matrix routines .
Thus , you can think about your problem in the natural way instead of trying to force - fit your problem in matrices , like some other packages do .
What About Matlab , Rlab , Octave , etc ?
While all of these are good at what they do , they all have a fundamental limitation : Everything is a matrix .
You have no alternative .
Either you make your problem fit into a matrix , or you can't use these languages .
MatLisp frees you from this limitation -- you have at your disposal , the complete functionality of Common Lisp , including structures , hash tables , lists , arrays , and the Common Lisp Object System ( CLOS ) .
MatLisp adds to this richness by giving you a matrix fast class based on BLAS and LAPACK .
Thus , you can think about your problem in the most natural way , without having to force everything into a matrix .
In the natural way , you can then use a matrix , and achieve high performance .
Will Matlisp work on my system ?
Either CMUCL ( version 18 b or later ) or Allegro CL ( version 5.0 or later ) or SBCL ( version ? ) is required .
Allegro CL : Matlisp should compile on Linux , Solaris , Windows .
In particular , Matlisp relies on the foreign function interface of Allegro CL .
CMU CL : Matlisp should compile on Linux , Solaris .
In particular , Matlisp relies on the foreign function interface of CMU CL and the built - in type kernel :: complex - double - float .
How easy is it to install Matlisp ?
Linux / Unix Installation :
One of the design goals of Matlisp was to ensure the consistency of installation .
Matlisp is currently distributed as source code and the user must do a compilation .
A great deal of effort was put into a configure script that determines machine parameters , system libraries and without bothering the user .
The installation follows in a few easy steps : Click here to download the Matlisp sources , or get the sources from version control .
Unpack the source file gunzip matlisp - x.x. tgz tar - vxf matlisp - x.x. tar Change to that directory cd matlisp - x.x Create a build directory .
( You can use any name you like . ) mkdir build Configure the system First run autoreconf -- install to create all the necessary configuration files .
Then you can run configure to configure the software : cd build ../ configure --enable -< lisp > --with-lisp-exec=<exec > --libdir=$PWD/lib -- enable - static - no
Build the system make
That 's all there is to it .
In order for this to work , configure must be able to detect a Fortran compiler and a C compiler in your path .
This is usually the case .
If configure fails you should contact your system administrator .
For higher performance you may consider using optimized BLAS / LAPACK libraries that may be available for your system .
For example , the file lib / lazy - loader .lisp contains sample code that would use the ATLAS replacement library for BLAS .
MS Windows installation : 1 . Click here to download the Matlisp sources .
2 . Unpack the source file
3. From within Allegro CL : ( load " start.lisp " )
That should be all .
The precompiled BLAS / LAPACK libraries were obtained from http://www.che.chalmers.se/~agris/Programming/clapack/clapack.html
Unfortunately , we currently do not support the functions FFT , IFFT which rely of DFFTPACK for MS Windows .
How do I get started with Matlisp ?
The main source of information for Matlisp is the built - in help system .
Type ( help ) at the Lisp prompt to learn more about help .
We provide here an austere list of Matlisp functions :
axpy
axpy !
copy
copy !
ctranspose
diag
dot
eig
eye
fill - matrix
geev
gemm
gemm !
gesv
gesv !
getrf !
help
imag
join
join -matrix lu
m *
m*!
m +
m+!
m -
m.*
m .*!
m.+
m .+!
m. -
m./
m./!
m /
m/!
macos
macosh
make - complex - matrix
make - real - matrix
map - matrix map-matrix !
masin
masinh
matan
matanh
matrix -ref
matrix - ref -
1
mcos
mcosh
mexp
mlog
mlog10
msin
msinh
msqrt
mtan
mtanh
norm
ones
rand reshape
reshape !
scal
scal !
seq
size
sum
svd
swap !
transpose
vec
zeros
fft
ifft
China is staring at the dark side of double - digit growth .
Blackouts roll and factory lights flicker , the grid sucked dry by a decade of breakneck industrialization .
Oil and natural gas are running low , and belching power plants are burning through coal faster than creaky old railroads can deliver it .
Global warming ?
The most populous nation on earth ranks number two in the world – at least the Kyoto treaty is n't binding in developing countries .
Air pollution ?
The World Bank says the People 's Republic is home to 16 of the planet 's 20 worst cities .
Wind , solar , biomass – the country is grasping at every energy alternative within reach , even flooding a million people out of their ancestral homes with the world 's biggest hydroelectric project .
Meanwhile , the government 's plan for holding onto power boils down to a car for every bicycle and air - conditioning for a billion - odd potential dissidents .
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
What 's an energy - starved autocracy to do ?
Go nuclear .
While the West frets about how to keep its sushi cool , hot tubs warm , and Hummers humming without poisoning the planet , the cold - eyed bureaucrats running the People 's Republic of China have launched a nuclear binge right out of That ' 70s Show .
Late last year , China announced plans to build 30 new reactors – enough to generate twice the capacity of the gargantuan Three Gorges Dam – by 2020 .
And even that wo n't be enough .
The Future of Nuclear Power , a 2003 study by a blue - ribbon commission headed by former CIA director John Deutch , concludes that by 2050 the PRC could require the equivalent of 200 full - scale nuke plants .
A team of Chinese scientists advising the Beijing leadership puts the figure even higher : 300 gigawatts of nuclear output , not much less than the 350 gigawatts produced worldwide today .
To meet that growing demand , China 's leaders are pursuing two strategies .
They 're turning to established nuke plant makers like AECL , Framatome , Mitsubishi , and Westinghouse , which supplied key technology for China 's nine existing atomic power facilities .
But they 're also pursuing a second , more audacious course .
Physicists and engineers at Beijing 's Tsinghua University have made the first great leap forward in a quarter century , building a new nuclear power facility that promises to be a better way to harness the atom : a pebble - bed reactor .
A reactor small enough to be assembled from mass - produced parts and cheap enough for customers without billion - dollar bank accounts .
A reactor whose safety is a matter of physics , not operator skill or reinforced concrete .
And , for a bona fide fairy - tale ending , the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow is labeled hydrogen .
A soft - spoken scientist named Qian Jihui has no doubt about what the smaller , safer , hydrogen - friendly design means for the future of nuclear power , in China and elsewhere .
Qian is a former deputy director general with the International Atomic Energy Agency and an honorary president of the Nuclear Power Institute of China .
He 's a 67 - year - old survivor of more than one revolution , which means he does n't take the notion of upheaval lightly .
" Nobody in the mainstream likes novel ideas , " Qian says .
" But in the international nuclear community , a lot of people believe this is the future .
Eventually , these new reactors will compete strategically , and in the end they will win .
When that happens , it will leave traditional nuclear power in ruins . "
Now we 're talking revolution , comrade .
Known as China 's MIT , Tsinghua University sprawls across a Qing - dynasty imperial garden , just outside the rampart of mirrored Blade Runner towers that line Beijing 's North Fourth Ring Road .
Wang Dazhong came here in the mid-1950s as a member of China 's first - ever class of homegrown nuclear engineers .
Now he 's director emeritus of Tsinghua 's Institute of Nuclear and New Energy Technology , aka INET , and a key member of Beijing 's energy policy team .
On a bright morning dimmed by Beijing 's ever - present photochemical haze , Wang sits in a spartan conference room lit by energy - efficient compact fluorescent bulbs .
" If you 're going to have 300 gigawatts of nuclear power in China – 50 times what we have today – you can't afford a Three Mile Island or Chernobyl , " Wang says .
" You need a new kind of reactor . "
That 's exactly what you can see 40 minutes away , behind a glass - enclosed guardhouse flanked by military police .
Nestled against a brown mountainside stands a five - story white cube whose spare design screams , " Here be engineers ! "
Beneath its cavernous main room are the 100 tons of steel , graphite , and hydraulic gear known as HTR - 10 ( i.e. , high - temperature reactor , 10 megawatt ) .
The plant 's output is underwhelming ; at full power – first achieved in January – it would barely fulfill the needs of a town of 4,000 people .
But what 's inside HTR - 10 , which until now has never been visited by a Western journalist , makes it the most interesting reactor in the world .
In the air - conditioned chill of the visitors ' area , a grad student runs through the basics .
Instead of the white - hot fuel rods that fire the heart of a conventional reactor , HTR - 10 is powered by 27,000 billiards - sized graphite balls packed with tiny flecks of uranium .
Instead of superhot water – intensely corrosive and highly radioactive – the core is bathed in inert helium .
The gas can reach much higher temperatures without bursting pipes , which means a third more energy pushing the turbine .
No water means no nasty steam , and no billion - dollar pressure dome to contain it in the event of a leak .
And with the fuel sealed inside layers of graphite and impermeable silicon carbide – designed to last 1 million years – there 's no steaming pool for spent fuel rods .
Depleted balls can go straight into lead - lined steel bins in the basement .
Wearing disposable blue paper gowns and booties , the grad student leads the way to a windowless control room that houses three industry - standard PC workstations and the inevitable electronic schematic , all valves , pressure lines , and color - coded readouts .
In a conventional reactor 's control room , there would be far more to look at – control panels for emergency core cooling , containment - area sprinklers , pressurized water tanks .
None of that is here .
The usual layers of what the industry calls engineered safety are superfluous .
Suppose a coolant pipe blows , a pressure valve sticks , terrorists knock the top off the reactor vessel , an operator goes postal and yanks the control rods that regulate the nuclear chain reaction – no radioactive nightmare .
This reactor is meltdown - proof .
Zhang Zuoyi , the project 's 42 - year - old director , explains why .
The key trick is a phenomenon known as Doppler broadening – the hotter atoms get , the more they spread apart , making it harder for an incoming neutron to strike a nucleus .
In the dense core of a conventional reactor , the effect is marginal .
But HTR - 10's carefully designed geometry , low fuel density , and small size make for a very different story .
In the event of a catastrophic cooling - system failure , instead of skyrocketing into a bad movie plot , the core temperature climbs to only about 1,600 degrees Celsius – comfortably below the balls ' 2,000 - plus - degree melting point – and then falls .
This temperature ceiling makes HTR - 10 what engineers privately call walk - away safe .
As in , you can walk away from any situation and go have a pizza .
" In a conventional reactor emergency , you have only seconds to make the right decision , " Zhang notes .
" With HTR - 10 , it 's days , even weeks – as much time as we could ever need to fix a problem . "
This unusual margin of safety is n't merely theoretical .
INET 's engineers have already done what would be unthinkable in a conventional reactor : switched off HTR - 10's helium coolant and let the reactor cool down all by itself .
Indeed , Zhang plans a show - stopping repeat performance at an international conference of reactor physicists in Beijing in September .
" We think our kind of test may be required in the market someday , " he adds .
Today 's nuclear power plants are the fruits of a decision tree rooted in the earliest days of the atomic age .
In 1943 , a Manhattan Project team led by Enrico Fermi sustained the first man-made nuclear chain reaction in a pile of uranium blocks at the University of Chicago 's Metallurgical Lab .
A chemist named Farrington Daniels joined the effort a short time later .
But Daniels was n't interested in bombs .
His focus was on a notion that had been circulating among physicists since the late 1930s : harnessing atomic power for cheap , clean electricity .
He proposed a reactor containing enriched uranium " pebbles " – a term borrowed from chemistry – and using gaseous helium to transfer energy to a generator .
The Daniels pile , as the concept was called , was taken seriously enough that Oak Ridge National Laboratory commissioned Monsanto to design a working version in 1945 .
Before it could be built , though , a bright Annapolis graduate named Hyman Rickover " sailed in with the Navy , " as Daniels later put it , and the competing idea of building a rod- fueled , water - cooled reactor to power submarines .
With US
Navy money backing the new design , the pebble bed fell by the wayside , and Daniels returned to the University of Wisconsin .
By the time of his death in 1972 , he was known as a pioneer of – irony alert – solar power .
Indeed , the International Solar Energy Society 's biennial award bears his name .
But Teller 's advice was ignored in the rush to beat the Russians to meter - free electricity .
Instead of pursuing inherent safety , the nascent civilian nuclear industry followed Rickover into fuel rods , water cooling , and ever more layers of protection against the hazards of radioactive steam emissions and runaway chain reaction .
To try to amortize the cost of all that backup , plants ballooned , tripling in average size in less than a decade and contributing to a crippling financial crunch in the mid-'70s .
Finally , partial meltdowns at Three Mile Island in 1979 and Chernobyl in 1986 pulled the plug on reactor construction in most of the world .
Even where the pebble - bed concept took root , the industry 's woes conspired against it .
In Germany , a charismatic physicist named Rudolf Schulten picked up the idea and by 1985 a full - scale prototype was online – too large , in fact , to meet Teller 's inherent safety test .
Barely a year later , with Chernobyl 's fallout raining over Europe , a minor malfunction at the German reactor set off nightmare headlines .
Before long , the plant was mothballed .
The twin disasters in Pennsylvania and Ukraine proved Teller 's point and inverted his hopeful formulation :
The Union of Concerned Scientists pronounced nuclear power " inherently dangerous . "
The industry , already staggered by overbuilding and runaway budgets , ground to a halt .
The newest of the 104 reactors operating in the US today was greenlighted in 1979 .
And there our story might have ended , except
Even as the nuclear establishment was putting all its efforts into avoiding the klieg lights , scientists in two faraway places were carrying the torch for a better reactor .
One was South Africa , where in the mid-1990s the national utility company quietly licensed Germany 's cast - off pebble - bed design and set about trying to raise the necessary funds .
The other was China , where the Tsinghua team pursued a Nike strategy : Just do it .
Frank
Wu's glass - walled ninth - floor office at Innovation Plaza offers a commanding view of Tsinghua University 's leafy campus .
That 's no accident :
The university co-owns this complex of gleaming silver towers , designed as a magnet for high tech startups .
Likewise
Wu's company , Chinergy , is a 50 - 50 joint venture between Tsinghua 's Institute for Nuclear and New Energy Technology and the state - owned China Nuclear Engineering Group .
" I just had a call from a mayor in one of the provinces , " says
Wu , who came on board as CEO after a decade spent running financial services companies in the US ( where he adopted the English first name ) .
" He asked me , ' How much do we have to pay to get one of those things here ? ' "
If Wu's pebble - bed " thing " is , well , hot , it 's because Chinergy 's product is tailor - made for the world 's fastest - growing energy market : a modular design that snaps together like Legos .
Despite some attempts at standardization , the latest generation of big nukes are still custom - built onsite .
By contrast , production versions of INET 's reactor will be barely a fifth their size and power , and built from standardized components that can be mass - produced , shipped by road or rail , and assembled quickly .
Moreover , multiple reactors can be daisy - chained around one or more turbines , all monitored from a single control room .
In other words , Tsinghua 's power plants can do the two things that matter most amid China 's explosive growth : get where they 're needed and get big , fast .
Wu and his backers aim to have a full - scale 200 - megawatt version of HTR - 10 by the end of the decade .
They 've already persuaded Huaneng Power International – one of China 's five big privatized utilities , listed on the NYSE and chaired by the son of former premier Li Peng – to pick up half of the estimated $ 300 million tab .
Concrete is scheduled to be poured in spring 2007 .
Five to 10 years ago , a lot of today 's China was little more than blueprints .
And Wu , who likes to tell visiting Americans how one of his previous companies beat Sun Microsystems for the contract to wire West Point , has distinct advantages .
The INET team , some of whose members studied with Schulten in Germany , has been prototyping pebble - bed designs since the mid-1980s .
Also courtesy of the Germans , they have the best equipment in the world for what is probably the stickiest technical problem : fabrication of fuel balls in quantities that could quickly grow to millions .
Too good to be true ?
Not according to Andrew Kadak , who teaches nuclear engineering at MIT ( including a course titled " Colossal Failures in Engineering " ) .
Kadak is a big - nuke guy by background .
From 1989 to 1997 , he was CEO of Yankee Atomic Electric , which ran – and ultimately closed – the ' 60s - vintage plant in Rowe , Massachusetts .
Now he 's helping INET refine its fuel ball technology and working with the US Department of Energy to build a high - temperature gas - cooled reactor at the Idaho National Engineering and Environmental Research Lab .
" The industry has been focused on water - cooled reactors that require complicated safety systems , " Kadak says .
" The Chinese are n't constrained by that history .
They 're showing that there 's another way that 's simpler and safer .
The big question is whether the economics will pay off . "
In May , British eminence green James Lovelock , creator of the Gaia hypothesis that Earth is a single self - regulating organism , published an impassioned plea to phase out fossil fuels in London 's The Independent .
Nuclear power , he argued , is the last , best hope for averting climatic catastrophe :
" Opposition to nuclear energy is based on irrational fear fed by Hollywood - style fiction , the Green lobbies , and the media . …
Even if they were right about its dangers – and they are not – its worldwide use as our main source of energy would pose an insignificant threat compared with the dangers of intolerable and lethal heat waves and sea levels rising to drown every coastal city of the world .
We have no time to experiment with visionary energy sources ; civilization is in imminent danger and has to use nuclear , the one safe , available energy source , now , or suffer the pain soon to be inflicted by our outraged planet . "
Coming to terms with nuclear energy is only a first step .
To power a billion cars , there 's no practical alternative to hydrogen .
But it will take huge quantities of energy to extract hydrogen from water and hydrocarbons , and the best ways scientists have found to do that require high temperatures , up to 1,000 degrees Celsius .
In other words , there 's another way of looking at INET 's high - temperature reactor and its potential offspring :
They 're hydrogen machines .
For exactly that reason , the DOE , along with similar agencies in Japan and Europe , is looking intently at high - temperature reactor designs .
Tsinghua 's researchers are in contact with the major players , but they 're also starting their own project , focused on what many believe is the most promising means of generating hydrogen : thermochemical water splitting .
Researchers at Sandia National Laboratories believe efficiency could top 60 percent – twice that of low - temperature methods .
INET plans to begin researching hydrogen production by 2006 .
In that way , China 's nuclear renaissance could feed the hydrogen revolution , enabling the country to leapfrog the fossil - fueled West into a new age of clean energy .
Why worry about foreign fuel supplies when you can have safe nukes rolling off your own assembly lines ?
Why invoke costly international antipollution protocols when you can have motor vehicles that spout only water vapor from their tail pipes ?
Why debate least - bad alternatives when you have the political and economic muscle to engineer the dream ?
The scale is vast , but so are China 's ambitions .
Gentlemen , start your reactors .
Contributing editor Spencer Reiss ( spencer@upperroad.net ) interviewed Bj�rn Lomborg in Wired 12.06 .
It is commonly known that Baptists and other evangelical Christians are eager to convert others to their faith , but do they have to target Jews ?
For many years the organized Jewish community has repeatedly told Christian fundamentalists to cease targeting Jews in proselytizing efforts , urging them instead towards a more meaningful dialog .
Hopefully , a two - day evangelism conference sponsored by Midwestern Baptist Theological Seminary in Kansas City , Missouri does n’t represent a growing consensus amongst evangelicals about pursuing Jews .
One speaker thinks that his fellow evangelicals have expressed less than sufficient interest lately in a crusade for Jewish souls reported Baptist Press .
Jim Sibley , director of the Pasche Institute of Jewish Studies at Criswell College claimed his brethren have “ sinned ” by not doing more to get the Jews .
Midwestern President R. Philip Roberts agreed with Sibley and called for effort to educate pastors “ on the strategic issues of Jewish evangelism . ”
It almost sounds like Roberts is preparing for war and proposing the formulation of a battle plan .
“ When our pastors and leaders teach God ’s special plan for Jewish people … this becomes our best way to respect Jewish people and to guard against anti-Semitism , ” he said .
So the “ best way to respect Jewish people ” is to try and convert them ?
45 conference attendees dropped in at Friday evening services at five local synagogues in Kansas City , two Reformed , two Orthodox and one Conservative .
Not exactly a friendly visit , considering that their ultimate goal seems to be the conversion of Jews until there are none left to attend such places of worship .
Were these men doing a little “ strategic ” reconnoitering or “ guarding against anti-Semitism ” ?
And did the host synagogues know the nature of their interest and their conference goals regarding “ Jewish evangelism ” ?
To schedule an interview about the campaign or for more details about the event , please contact Ted Teah at the Free Software Foundation ( +1 617-542-5942 x20 ) or Henri Poole at Civic Actions ( +1 510-684-3180 ) .
Sign - up here to be informed of the next event
Seattle , May 23 2006
As Microsoft developers gathered in Seattle to hear Bill Gates 's keynote speech on the future of Microsoft and the coming release of its updated operating system Vista , protesters wearing bright yellow Hazmat suits swarmed the entrance of the city 's convention center , delivering an unsettling message to the corporation : your product is defective and hazardous to users .
The surprise protest marked the launch of DefectiveByDesign.org , a direct - action campaign that will target Big Media and corporations peddling Digital Restrictions Management ( DRM ) .
" Flash protests , direct actions , and practical ways that people can get involved and help stop the stupidity of DRM , " is how campaign manager Gregory Heller described the grassroots effort .
An initiative of the Free Software Foundation ( FSF ) , Defective By Design is urging all technologists to get involved at the start of the campaign .
" Technologists are very aware of the dangers of DRM , " said Peter Brown , Executive Director of the FSF .
" We see this as the tip of the iceberg and it is our duty to do something about it . "
The tech community is uniquely qualified to lead this effort , in Brown 's view .
" We know about the collusion of Big Media , device manufacturers and proprietary software companies to lock us down , " he continued .
" Their aim is to put Digital Restrictions Management ( DRM ) into all our computers and homes " .
Brown 's case is simple : the computers , high - definition screens , phones , music players and video players that are currently being sold are " defective by design " .
These products do n't respect the user 's right to make private copies of their digital media .
These devices make no provision that would allow art , literature , music or film to ever fall into the public domain .
Effectively , the media purchased for these devices does not belong to the user -- rather , the networking of these DRM'd devices means that as the user watches a film , reads an e-book or switches channels on their HDTV , their habits can be recorded and actions monitored .
The result is that over time , DRM technology will negate , if not completely eliminate , the rights of the individual .
" In any other industry , such limitations or invasions would be considered major flaws .
A media player that restricts what you can play is like a car that you wo n't let you steer , " said Brown .
" Products containing DRM are defective -- only , unlike other products , these defects are deliberately created by an industry that has long stopped caring about us . "
With DRM in place , media conglomerates can change the rules whenever they want , leading to more restrictions on the individual .
" Media bosses scream ' pirate ' equating sharing with murder and kidnap , then sue our college students .
They then steal our rights and impose crippled products upon us , " said Henri Poole , Chairman of CivicActions and a coalition partner in the campaign .
" Media bosses have long been the ' gatekeepers to the market ' for artists .
Now they are threatened by new distribution methods that give artists new freedoms and direct access to an audience .
DRM is the media bosses attempt to re-impose their rule " .
Today 's event is the first in a series planned by DefectiveByDesign.org that will mobilize individuals to make a stand against DRM .
----30----
About Defective By Design
DefectiveByDesign.org is a broad - based , anti-DRM campaign that is targeting Big Media , unhelpful manufacturers and DRM distributors .
It aims to make all manufacturers wary about bringing their DRM - enabled products to market .
The campaign aims to identify " defective " products for the consumer .
Users are being asked to stand up in defense of their existing freedoms and to take action by joining at http://DefectiveByDesign.org
About the Free Software Foundation
The Free Software Foundation , founded in 1985 , is dedicated to promoting computer users ' right to use , study , copy , modify , and redistribute computer programs .
The FSF promotes the development and use of free ( as in freedom ) software - particularly the GNU operating system and its GNU / Linux variants - and free documentation for free software .
The FSF also helps to spread awareness of the ethical and political issues of freedom in the use of software .
Their Web site , located at www.fsf.org , is an important source of information about GNU / Linux .
Donations to support their work can be made at http://fsf.org/join
They are headquartered in Boston , MA , USA .
----------
Despite all the press attention , academic philosophizing and consultant ramblings , Innovation is a bitch .
Its a capricious , messy , disruptive practice whose outcome is unclear in the best circumstances .
Sure , its standard fare in mission statements and press releases but smart managers know there are plenty of good reasons to delay or even destroy some eager beavers efforts at “ innovation ” within your company .
Chief among these is to maintain your place in the corporate pecking order and a close second would be to ensure that your not “ innovated ” out of your familiar / comfortable routine by some acronym spewing upstart .
There are many other reasons you might want to kill innovation within your firm , this post wont delve into the why of killing innovation as much as it seeks to address the how of killing innovation .
The biggest task when planning to kill an” innovative ” new idea is to ensure your not pegged the “ luddite contrarian ” and so its important that you use the latest consulting approved verbiage to show that your “ with it ” .
The following list of 5 questions are sure to put an end to almost all innovation either though modification of the idea into something less disruptive or delaying it into irrelevance .
These questions have been developed to target all forms of “ innovation ” that can disrupt a standard business and draw attention away from the things that make money today .
So without further ado I present the 5 questions guaranteed to kill innovation .
I have included some intimidating jargon to throw around if your nemesis , and would - be innovator , challenges your right to question them and their logic .
The questions themselves tend to contains enough jargon for most situations but if you need to add a little zinger then throw in the jargon I ’ve supplied .
However , this jargon is generally meaningless and wont stand - up to significant scrutiny so be sure to use only when the focus isnt on you and your credibility is relatively high .
Question :
How can we leverage our core competencies to tackle this new market ?
How to deliver : Deliver with a sincerity and concern for the success of the initiative .
Why its a killer :
This will be accepted as a completely reasonable question to ask .
Its also really easy for the “ innovator ” to accept as a small step forward and will generally be accepted as useful guidance .
As they reshape their idea to better fit within whatever mythology the company has about its “ core competencies ” the idea will be so watered down and safe that it will do little more then cause a resource allocation issue within an established group .
Possible Innovator Push - back : “ The company needs to develop new competencies if its going to innovate . ”
Your Answer :
The fastest way to fail is to reach beyond our grasp to quickly .
We should innovate from our base and leverage its strength .
Intimidating Jargon : “ Six Sigma styled total quality initiatives may level the playing field , but only innovation from our core can provide sustainable competitive advantage . ”
Prognosis : Terminal .
This will ultimately kill any innovative idea as both the company and the innovator themselves work towards doing something that “ fits ” within well worn tracks of the company .
Question :
How much money can we make and whats the plan to make it ?
How to deliver : Deliver as a critical challenge to the idea , push hard on understanding the size and and time frame of revenue generation .
Why its a killer : A focus on the revenue side of the equation is a time wasting exercise in futility .
This ruse will keep the project in perpetual development mode with an ever increasing array of wild assumptions about where and how money can be made .
The beauty of this is that as you keep the would - be innovator focused on making money in a marketplace that may not exist , from customers that dont know they want the offering , the innovator is just as likely to conclude that it isnt worth pursuing or presenting and may kill the idea themselves .
Possible Innovator Push - back : “ Its innovative so noone knows how to make money in this area yet . ”
Your Answer :
That may be true and we ’ll be better positioned to dominate the market if we have the discipline to think through how we would make money and modeled the options .
Intimidating Jargon : “ Can you put some color around the revenue model ? ” “ Lets drill down on the revenue side and begin to socialize some revenue opportunities through the model . ”
Prognosis : Terminal .
Innovation often requires a leap of faith about the market or customer need , the focus on revenue keeps the innovator from making that leap as long as she is attempting to quantify it , which is impossible .
Question :
Have you done enough research on the idea and do you need more money to make it happen ?
How to deliver : Deliver as if you were the innovator herself and a true project champion .
Show lots of enthusiasm .
Why its a killer :
Although innovation often results from constraints of time and money NO innovator will refuse more time and more money to perfect their idea .
If you can support the extension of both time and money the innovator will get so excited about the potential of their idea that they will invariably open up new areas of exploration .
Your job is to suggest areas of potential research , testing , quantification and discussion as well as tacitly recommend funding to make it happen .
With both time and money the innovator will pursue the perfect solution , for the perfect client , in the perfect market , and as they do a couple of other companies will launch similar products that are less feature rich but usable and your troublesome innovators project will be quietly shuttered .
Possible Innovator Push - back : “ We ’ve got enough information we need to launch , now . ” Your Answer :
Why be second to market with an inferior product ?
Lets get more research and consumer feedback and launch with exactly what consumers tell us they want .
Intimidating Jargon : “ We should deliver consumer centric , value added products back - up by research thats gotten into the consumers mind . ”
Prognosis : Critical .
This question is a a slow killer and the time lag is why the prognosis is critical not terminal .
The innovator could get hip and push out a public beta or even worse the delay and research could actually result in a better offering that people use .
Question :
Who else is doing this , and if noone is , why ?
How to deliver : Deliver with an air of complete seriousness .
( This question has been roundly lampooned but is still a great innovation killer . )
Why its a killer :
This is a great innovation killer as it gets the innovator thinking about running with the pack rather then striking out in new directions .
If there are no competitors it sows doubt about the attractiveness of the project and this doubt tends to spread .
If there are competitors then its a simple process to argue for why the competitor is better suited to execute on the opportunity or is likely to move in before it takes hold .
In either case , the innovators thinking is going to be driven by competitors and competitive response and not internal passion or market needs .
Possible Innovator Push - back : “ It a new idea , we are the first to market . ” Your Answer : “ There are few new ideas and most VC ’s say if noone is interested in the space theres probably a reason . ”
Intimidating Jargon : “ Maintaining an expansive external view is critical for guaging the market .
We shouldnt be navel gazers . ”
Prognosis : Critical .
This is another slow killer that is likely to result in the group coming to have deep doubts ( and therefore little support ) for an idea or killing it outright .
This isnt terminal because its possible that competitors have left gaps that the innovator could stumble upon and a successful product launch could result .
Question :
How big is the market and will consumers want this solution ?
How to deliver : Say this , Columbo style , as the last question before the end of a meeting , as if it just popped in to your head .
Why its a killer :
This is another question that forces your would - be innovator to choose between trying to quantify the future states of a nonexistent market or build towards the current market .
Given the nature of companies and the dynamics of groups most people will choose the latter over the former .
Market information ( generally defined in terms of size and margin potential ) will always push “ innovators ” towards the more familiar know opportunities , the ones your likely to prefer , and away from the more edgy and radical opportunities .
Also the consumer question could be stand on its own as an innovation killer .
Generally speaking consumers cant tell you what they want and dont really know it until they see it ( or see someone else with it ) .
Possible Innovator Push - back :
Intimidating Jargon : “ Sustaining sequential innovation , requires a market focsed business process . ”
Prognosis : Critical .
Properly phrased and delivered , this question can eaisly add 6 months to the life - cycle of any project .
The combination of irrefutable need to make a business case ( which includes market sizing ) along with the irrelevance of the information to innovative ideas , naturally results in critical delays and the re-enforcing of doubts about the most radical / innovative aspects of an offering .
If your office is infested with “ innovators ” and their constant whining about change , disruption and wave jumping is interfering with your daily routine , then its time to rid yourself of these pesky office nuisances .
Stop waiting around for a miracle to drive them away take the innovators approach and be proactive .
Just memorize these 5 simple questions and I guarantee that you will be stifling change , shutting down disruptive ideas and saving your company millions .
Know thy enemy :
Insights from Jane Linder read as many as you can stand .
Hugh MacLeod on creativity is your anti-bible .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Montreal – Former President Clinton told a global audience of diplomats , environmentalists and others today that the Bush administration is “ flat wrong ” in claiming that reducing greenhouse - gas emissions to fight global warming would damage the U.S. economy .
With a “ serious disciplined effort ” to develop energy - saving technology , he said , “ we could meet and surpass the Kyoto targets in a way that would strengthen and not weaken our economies . ”
Clinton , a champion of the Kyoto Protocol , the existing emissions - controls agreement opposed by the Bush administration , spoke in the final hours of a two - week U.N. climate conference at which Washington has come under heavy criticism for its stand .
Most delegations appeared ready today to leave an unwilling United States behind and open a new round of negotiations on future cutbacks in the emissions blamed for global warming .
“ There ’s no longer any serious doubt that climate change is real , accelerating and caused by human activities , ” said Clinton , whose address was interrupted repeatedly by enthusiastic applause .
“ We are uncertain about how deep and the time of arrival of the consequences , but we are quite clear they will not be good . ”
Canadian officials said the U.S. delegation was displeased with the last - minute scheduling of the Clinton speech .
But U.S .
delegation chief Paula Dobriansky issued a statement saying events like Clinton ’s appearance “ are useful opportunities to hear a wide range of views on global climate change . ”
The former president spoke between the official morning and afternoon plenary sessions of the conference , representing the William J. Clinton Foundation , which includes a climate - change program in its activities .
In the real work of the conference , delegates from more than 180 countries bargained behind closed doors until 6:30 a.m. today , making final adjustments to an agreement to negotiate additional reductions in carbon dioxide and other gases after 2012 , when the Kyoto accord expires .
Efforts by host - country Canada and others to draw the United States into the process were failing .
The Bush administration says it favors a voluntary approach , not global negotiations , to deal with climate issues .
“ It ’s such a pity the United States is still very much unwilling to join the international community , to have a multilateral effort to deal with climate change , ” said Kenya ’s Emily Ojoo Massawa , chair of the African group of nations at the two - week long conference .
Clinton ’s vice president , Al Gore , was instrumental in final negotiations on the 1997 treaty protocol that was initialed in the Japanese city of Kyoto and mandates cutbacks in 35 industrialized nations of emissions of carbon dioxide and five other gases by 2012 .
A broad scientific consensus agrees that these gases accumulating in the atmosphere , byproducts of automobile engines , power plants and other fossil fuel - burning industries , contributed significantly to the past century ’s global temperature rise of 1 degree Fahrenheit .
Continued warming is expected to disrupt the global climate .
In the late 1990s the U.S. Senate balked at ratifying Kyoto , and the incoming President Bush in 2001 formally renounced the accord , saying it would harm the U.S. economy .
The Montreal meeting , attended by almost 10,000 delegates , environmentalists , business representatives and others , was the first annual U.N. climate conference since Kyoto took effect in February .
The protocol ’s language requires its member nations to begin talks now on emissions controls after 2012 , when the Kyoto regime expires .
The Canadians and others also saw Montreal as an opportunity to draw the outsider United States into the emission - controls regime , through discussions under the broader 1992 U.N. climate treaty .
But the Americans have repeatedly rejected the idea of rejoining future negotiations to set post - 2012 emissions controls .
The Canadians continued to press for agreement early today , offering the U.S. delegation vague , noncommittal language by which Washington would join only in “ exploring ” “ approaches ” to cooperative action .
While rejecting mandatory targets , the Bush administration points to $ 3 billion - a- year U.S. government spending on research and development of energy - saving technologies as a demonstration of U.S. efforts to combat climate change .
The hearts of people who follow a low - calorie , yet nutritionally balanced , diet resemble those of younger people when examined by sophisticated ultrasound function tests , and they tend to have more desirable levels of some markers of inflammation and fibrosis , according to a new study in the Jan. 17 , 2006 , issue of the Journal of the American College of Cardiology .
" Eating less , if it is a high - quality diet , will improve your health , delay aging , and increase your chance of living a long , healthy and happy life , " said Luigi Fontana , M.D. , Ph.D. , from the Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis , Missouri and the Italian National Institute of Health in Rome , Italy .
" This is the first paper to show that long - term calorie restriction with optimal nutrition has cardiac - specific effects that ameliorate the age - associated decline in diastolic function in humans .
In other words , this is the first report ever to show that calorie restriction with optimal nutrition may delay primary aging in human beings . "
A number of studies have shown that animals can live longer when they eat fewer calories , but human study has been difficult .
The caloric restriction model requires a strict diet regimen , both to keep the total number of calories low and to insure that participants consume the right balance of nutrients .
Rather than try to randomize volunteers to different diets and then hope that they will stick to them for years , the researchers , including first author Timothy E. Meyer , Ph.D. , compared 25 people who already had been following caloric restriction for an average of six years ( consuming about 1,400 to 2,000 calories per day ) with 25 similar control subjects who were eating typical Western diets ( about 2,000 to 3,000 calories per day ) .
Hearts tend to stiffen and pump less effectively as people get older , but ultrasound examinations showed that the hearts of the people on caloric restriction appeared more elastic than those of the control subjects ; that is , the hearts relaxed between beats in a way that is similar to the hearts of younger people .
In addition , several heart disease risk factors and inflammatory markers -- blood pressure , C - reactive protein , tumor necrosis factor - alpha ( TNF - á ) , and transforming growth factor - bet a1 ( TGF - â1 ) - - were lower in the caloric restriction group than in the Western diet group .
Dr. Fontana , who designed and led the study , emphasized that caloric restriction does not mean simply eating less .
­
" Calorie restriction is associated with longevity only when is coupled with optimal nutrition .
On the other hand , calorie restriction coupled with malnutrition accelerates aging and causes severe diseases .
Therefore , eating half a hamburger , half a bag of French fries and half a can of soft drink is not healthy caloric restriction and is harmful , " he said .
" It is important to note that the caloric - restriction subjects ate a healthful balanced diet with at least 100 percent of the recommended daily intake of each nutrient , providing approximately 1,671 plus or minus 294 kilocalories per day .
The average diet was 23 percent protein , 49 percent complex carbohydrates , and 28 percent fat , including 6 percent saturated fat .
Daily salt intake was lower in the caloric - restriction group compared to the Western diet group . "
advertisement
Dr. Fontana said that the diets of people on caloric restriction resemble the traditional Mediterranean diet , which is based on a wide variety of vegetables , olive oil , beans , whole grains , fish and fruit .
The diet avoids refined and processed foods , soft drinks , desserts , free sugars , white bread and white pasta .
While many people could adopt some of these diet practices , Dr. Fontana cautioned that anyone attempting to follow a strict caloric - restriction diet should have expert guidance , because of the risk of malnourishment if the diet does not include the right amounts of key nutrients .
The authors noted that the study design had some limitations .
" Because our study was not randomized , our cross-sectional study design does not allow us to assign causation , although the observed significant differences on the basis of cross-sectional data are an important first step in elucidating the effects of long - term caloric restriction in humans , " they wrote .
The lower levels of C - reactive protein and other inflammatory cytokines may indicate that caloric restriction helps to reduce damage from chronic inflammation in the body .
" It is well known that overweight and obese people have a low - grade chronic inflammatory state .
This is due to the fact that hypertrophic fat cells chronically produce inflammatory molecules that are released in the blood stream .
This means that body tissues in overweight and obese subjects are chronically exposed to inflammatory stimuli .
It is our hypothesis that this chronic inflammation causes chronic tissue damage and associated adaptative fibrosis that leads to premature and accelerated tissue and organ hardening , " Dr. Fontana said .
advertisement
Gary Gerstenblith , M.D. , F.A.C.C. , from the Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore , Md. wrote in an editorial in the journal that the study is the first to describe the effects of calorie restriction on a well - recognized marker of cardiovascular aging in humans .
However , he pointed out that it is unlikely that many people would be able to successfully adopt such a strict diet .
" The value of the study is that it points to possible mechanisms explaining how aging occurs and , therefore , how it may be modified .
The authors , and the disciplined volunteers following the practice of caloric restriction are to be congratulated for their important contributions to this effort , " Dr. Gerstenblith wrote .
Daniel E. Forman , M.D. , F.A.C.C. , from the Boston Medical Center , who was not connected with this study , said that the researchers have presented exciting data showing benefits of caloric restriction .
" These data provide insight into the impact of diet on intrinsic myocardial function .
Our normal Western diet likely induces inflammatory peptides that bring about changes in ventricular histology and function , including higher collagen content and associated tissue stiffening .
Nutritionally balanced caloric restriction may constitute a key means to modify these detrimental patterns and mitigate age - related morbidity and mortality , " Dr. Forman said .
###
Disclosure :
This research was supported by National Institutes of Health grants , the Whitaker Foundation , the American Heart Association , and the Alan A. and Edith L. Wolff Charitable Trust .
Dr. Meyer was supported by an Institutional National Research Service Award .
Dr. Gerstenblith 's editorial was supported in part by the National Institute on Aging , National Institutes of Health in Bethesda , Md .
Voters in Kansas ensured this month that noncreationist moderates will once again have a majority ( 6 to 4 ) on the state school board , keeping new standards inspired by intelligent design from taking effect .
This is a victory for public education and sends a message nationwide about the public ’s ability to see through efforts by groups like the Discovery Institute to misrepresent science in the schools .
But for those of us who are interested in improving science education , any celebration should be muted .
This is not the first turnaround in recent Kansas history .
In 2000 , after a creationist board had removed evolution from the state science curriculum , a public outcry led to wholesale removal of creationist board members up for re-election and a reinstatement of evolution in the curriculum .
In a later election , creationists once again won enough seats to get a 6 - to - 4 majority .
With their changing political tactics , creationists are an excellent example of evolution at work .
Creation science evolved into intelligent design , which morphed into “ teaching the controversy , ” and after its recent court loss in Dover , Pa. , and political defeats in Ohio and Kansas , it will no doubt change again .
The most recent campaign slogan I have heard is “ creative evolution . ”
Medienexperten der grünen Fraktion im EU - Parlament machen sich im anlaufenden Verfahren zur EU - Fernsehrichtlinie gegen eine Übertragung von Regeln etwa zum Jugendschutz vom traditionellen TV - Bereich auf das Internet stark .
Gleichzeitig treten sie vehement gegen die von der EU - Kommission geplante Legalisierung von Product Placement ein .
Diese beiden Leitlinien vertraten Helga Trüpel , Vize - Präsidentin des Kulturausschusses des EU - Parlaments , sowie Rebecca Harms , Mitglied im Industrieausschuss , in einem Gespräch mit heise online über die umstrittene Anpassung der Direktive " Fernsehen ohne Grenzen " ans digitale Zeitalter .
Die Abgeordneten werden in den nächsten Wochen mit der Beratung des Kommissionsvorschlags in den Ausschüssen beginnen .
Eine Anhörung von Interessensvertretern ist für Anfang Juni in Brüssel anberaumt .
" Wir wollen nicht die gleiche Regelungsdichte für audiovisuelle Inhalte im Internet wie im klassischen Fernsehen " , betonte Trüpel .
Die von der Kommission vorgeschlagene Ausweitung des Rahmens der Richtlinie auf " Mediendienste " ergebe im Zeitalter der viel beschworenen Konvergenz der Geräteplattformen und Inhalte zwar Sinn .
Dabei müsse man aber weiter zwischen einzelnen Angeboten unterscheiden .
" Bei Video on Demand etwa bin ich mein eigener Programmdirektor " , erklärt die Grüne .
Die Autonomie des Verbrauchers sei damit viel größer als bei den nach wie vor " linearen Programmen " des Fernsehens .
Ein Überstülpen von Auflagen für TV - Sender auf Internetanbieter komme auch daher nicht in Frage , da damit Eingriffe in die Presse - und Informationsfreiheit verbunden wären .
Gerade beim Jugendschutz , wo Medienkommissarin Viviane Reding über das Prinzip der kontrovers diskutierten Koregulierung von Staat und Wirtschaft nationale Vorgaben vereinheitlichen will , hält Harms vor allem eine Stärkung der reinen Selbstregulierung der Anbieter für sinnvoll .
Aus ihrer langjährigen Erfahrung beim NDR habe sie gelernt , dass der staatlichen Hand " hier generell Grenzen gesetzt sind " .
Immer neue Jugendschutzbestimmungen oder Selbstverpflichtungen der Wirtschaft hätten in den vergangenen Jahren nicht verhindert , dass über die Mattscheibe immer mehr Gewaltdarstellungen und Pornographie verbreitet würden .
Am wichtigsten sei daher " eine gute Erziehung der Kinder " und die Verbesserung der Medienkompetenz .
Jugendliche müssten befähigt werden , selbst eine begründete Auswahl zu treffen .
Persönlich glaubt Harms auch nicht daran , dass " die Entwicklung von Heranwachsenden direkt vom Konsum von Medienprogrammen abhängt " .
Klar positionieren sich die beiden Abgeordneten gegen das Vorhaben der Kommission , ein im Vor- oder Abspann von TV - Produktionen aufgeführtes Product Placement im Unterschied zur gänzlich unerwähnt bleibenden Schleichwerbung zu erlauben .
" Wir treten für die absolute Trennung von Inhalt und Programm ein " , betonte Trüpel .
Das Argument Redings , dass eine offizielle Freigabe gezielter Produktplatzierungen zu Werbezwecken unabhängige Produzenten und Filmemacher stärke , ist ihrer Ansicht nach nicht stichhaltig .
Wie eine interne Grünen - Anhörung ergeben habe , würden die Sender nach einer Freigabe von Product Placement wohl von den autonomen Kreativen verlangen , dass sie selbst Geld auf diese Weise mit in Projekte bringen sollten .
Insgesamt werde der Werbekuchen ja nicht größer , sondern es drohe nur eine problematische Umverteilung .
Trüpel sorgt sich ferner um einen starken " Druck auf Drehbuchautoren , zu Werbeskriptschreibern zu werden " .
Statt mit Product Placement wollen die Grünen unabhängigen Produzenten mit einer über die Richtlinie voranzutreibenden Rückbesinnung der öffentlich - rechtlichen Sender auf ihren Programmauftrag und auf Qualitätssicherung zu mehr Aufmerksamkeit und Einkommen verhelfen .
In Frankreich etwa hätten die selbstständigen Kreativen im Staatsfernsehen deutlich mehr Anteile an den Sendeplätzen als in Deutschland , gibt Harms zu bedenken .
In diesem Bereich hält sie eine Harmonisierung der Situation in den Mitgliedsstaaten für sinnvoll , um den Quotendruck abzumildern .
Einen " Generalangriff " auf die Öffentlich - Rechtlichen , wie ihn die mit dem Privatfernsehen aufgewachsene Luxemburgerin Reding in frühen Zeiten vorbereitete , lehnen die Grünen strikt ab .
Weiteren Diskussionsbedarf sehen die Medienpolitikerinnen bei der Haltung der Kommission , auch Online - Computerspiele unter den Regulierungsbereich der Richtlinie fallen zu lassen .
Es sei fraglich , ob übers Internet gespielte Games tatsächlich Kriterien wie " Massentauglichkeit " und " hauptsächliche Darstellung audiovisueller Inhalte " erfüllen würden .
Andernfalls drohe eine enge Kontrolle etwa des noch jungen Sektors der " In Games " - Werbung .
Zumindest das in Deutschland heiß diskutierte und von der grünen Bundestagsfraktion abgelehnte Verbot von " Killer - Spielen " sei aber noch nicht auf der Brüsseler Agenda .
Die für die Richtlinie zuständige Parlamentsberichterstatterin , Ruth Hieronymi , hat derweil einen ambitionierten Zeitplan für die Debatte abgesteckt .
Der CDU - Abgeordneten zufolge soll die Revision " noch in diesem Jahr abgeschlossen werden " .
Dabei seien inhaltliche Kernpunkte der ursprünglichen Direktive " unverändert " zu lassen .
" Dazu gehören das Herkunftslandprinzip , der Jugend - und Verbraucherschutz , klare Werberegeln und die gezielte Förderung europäischer Inhalte " , erklärte die medienpolitische Sprecherin der konservativen Volksparteifraktion .
Allein erforderlich sei eine Anpassung , wonach " gleiche Inhalte , sofern sie relevant für die öffentliche Meinungsbildung in Bild und Ton sind , unabhängig von der Übertragungstechnik rechtlich auch gleich zu behandeln sind " .
Zu klären ist ihrer Ansicht nach vor allem auch die präzise Abgrenzung der audiovisuellen Mediendienste etwa zum elektronischen Handel und die Sicherung der Trennung von Werbung und Programm .
( Stefan Krempl ) / ( jk )
Second Version , January 9 , 2003
Original Version
Other Languages : Spanish | French | Italian | German | Polish | Brazilian Portugese | Russian | Chinese | Korean Japanese
The following lists 101 things that one can do with the Mozilla browser component ( version 1.2 ) that one cannot do with IE ( version 6.0 ) .
I used the Windows version of IE 6.0 ; the list will vary slightly for the Mac version .
Now that is over with , on with the list !
Note also that this is a not supposed to be a list of advantages of one browser over another .
It is a list of features of Mozilla not found in IE .
You may feel that some of the items in the list are disadvantages .
Some notes about how items were selected for this list :
Tabbed browsing
Lets you display more than one site in a window using multiple tabs .
You can open a new tab by selecting Navigator Tab from the New submenu of the File menu ( or press Ctrl+T ) .
You can also open a link in a new tab by using the right - click menu .
You will find configuration options in the Tabbed Browsing preferences panel .
Popup blocking Block all those popup ads .
To disable popup windows , select Advanced and then Scripts & Plugins from the Preferences window .
Then uncheck the box that reads " Open unrequested windows " .
Prevent scripts from doing various things
You can prevent scripts from moving windows , closing them , changing the status bar and setting cookies .
To change these settings , select Advanced and then Scripts & Plugins from the Preferences window .
Then uncheck the desired boxes .
Site Navigation toolbar Displays content from the < link > tags provided by a document , allowing one to navigate to various parts of a site .
Sidebar
The sidebar provides a number of tabs by default , and others can be added by the user .
Can add custom panels to sidebar Custom sidebars can be implemented in HTML or XUL and can be installed from a remote site without much hassle .
Sites can add sidebars using the window.sidebar.addPanel( ) function .
More control over text zooming Can zoom text to any size .
IE only supports five sizes and has no keyboard shortcut that I could determine .
For sites that use fairly small fonts , having more larger sizes in necessary for those without perfect vision .
Can zoom any text , even that with fixed pixel sizes Can zoom text no matter what units were specified , an often cited issue with IE .
Can select from multiple stylesheets provided by page
When a page provides multiple ( or alternate ) stylesheets , one can select between them by choosing from the Use Style sub -menu in the View menu .
Page info dialog Provides additional information about encoding , MIME type , referrer and meta tags .
Some of this information is also available in IE 's properties dialog although it is n't as detailed and the window is n't resizable .
Detailed form / link / media info dialog
The page info dialog provides tabs which have lists of the form elements , links , images and other media in a page .
You can even preview images and save them from this window .
Save plugins Mozilla saves plugins when saving a Web page as complete .
You can also save them from the Page Info window .
Themes Provides two themes by default ( Classic and Modern ) , but others may be installed .
Bookmark window displays more detail Displays more information about the bookmark in the bookmark window .
IE 's favorites dialog is a bit awkward and is modal , which means you can't interact with the browser window while it is open .
You also cannot add bookmarks from the window .
Bookmark keywords Keywords to look up bookmarks quickly .
Keywords have the advantage that the part entered after the keyword is filled in where ' %s ' appears in the bookmarks 's URL .
Bookmarks can be checked at a certain schedule
One can set bookmarks to be checked at various schedules and notify when the content has changed .
At least , in theory .
IE has something like this , which is intended for synchronizing content for offline viewing .
It can only check once per day , and provides no notification that the page has changed other than changing the icon or sending an email .
Mozilla can check updates on certain days only and at any interval .
Cookie Manager
The cookie manager lets you view the cookies that have been set , their values and their expiry times .
Can delete cookies individually
The cookie manager lets you delete individual cookies without having to search around your file system .
In IE 's file view , it 's tricky to distinguish cookies from similar domains , and all cookies from the same domain are stored in the same file .
Block images from third party sites
One can block images that come from a third party domain .
This means that you can block images found on a page that come from a site other than that of the page .
To set this in Mozilla , open Privacy & Security from the Preferences Window , and then select the Images panel .
Choose " Accept images that come from the originating server only " .
Can block images from certain sites Images can be blocked from particular domains , such as those that commonly display ads .
You can disable an image from a site by right - clicking on an image , and then selecting " Block images from this Server " .
You can change the list of blocked images from the Image Manager , opened from the Tools menu .
Download Manager
The download manager provides a tabular view of all of the files that you have ever downloaded , allowing you to open them without having to search around on your file system .
It provides progress indicators in the window as items download .
On the topic of downloading files , IE does not begin to download a file until you have selected where to save it to , while Mozilla begins as soon as the link is clicked , downloading in the background while you are selecting a place to save it .
Can pause downloads
In Mozilla , one cause pause downloads .
Some people may find this useful during long downloads .
View Source
View the syntax coloured source of a page , without having to view it in Notepad .
JavaScript Console
The console displays a log of errors that you can easily scroll through , or ignore if so desired .
JavaScript Console displays script warnings
The console separates warnings and errors .
The warnings allow you to see obsolete script usage and so forth .
JavaScript Debugger
This is a utility for debugging JavaScript .
DOM Inspector
View the structure of a document using a nifty tree view .
Also lets you view script properties and style applied to each element .
You can open it from the Tools -> Web Development men .
DOM Inspector image capture
The DOM Inspector has a tool to capture an image of part of a page , although it does n't seem to work all too well .
Select text and perform search Select some text , bring up the context menu , and choose ' Search ' to search for the selected text .
Can select custom search engine
You can select any search engine you wish , not just one that has been chosen for you .
Can display search results in sidebar
When one does a search via a search engine , results are automatically interpreted and displayed in the sidebar .
You can then view pages without hiding the search results .
Supports any Sherlock search plugin Supports the Macintosh Sherlock search format , so any search engine that supports it can be used .
Can manage saved passwords
Lets you view and delete stored login and passwords .
Choose the Password Manager from the Tools menu .
Can fill - in complete forms automatically Stores complete forms which can be later be filled in automatically .
This is useful if you want to register for something 600 times .
To fill in a form , choose Fill In Form from the Edit menu .
Master password encrypts info A single master password can be used to protect all of your other passwords .
Can disable tooltips
Not very exciting , but useful if someone thinks they get in the way .
Caret Browsing Press F7 and a cursor appears on the page .
This can be used to navigate a page and select text using only the keyboard .
Type Ahead Find Press a few keys to search for links with that text .
More information
View Selection Source Select some text , bring up the context menu , and choose ' View Selection Source ' to view the source just for the selected content .
This can also be used to view the generated source after an XSLT transformation .
Properties dialog lets you see info about various tags
Right click on certain links and images and so on , and view info about them , such as language and whether links will open in a new window .
The window can also be resized .
View scripts and stylesheets directly Mozilla can display scripts and stylesheets directly as plain text without a separate application which is useful if you just want a quick peek at something .
More font options
One has more control over the fonts used , including customizing the various CSS fonts .
To change this , select Appearance and then Fonts from the Preferences window .
Can set minimum font sizes
Can set the minimum font size that text is displayed in which is useful on some sites .
To change this , select Appearance and then Fonts from the Preferences window .
Mouse wheel options Pressing
Alt and scrolling the wheel will navigate back and forward in the browser history .
One can also configure the wheel for other modifier keys for scrolling and changing the font size .
Multiple profiles
Can handle multiple profiles so you can use one for testing , or share them between multiple persons .
You can do something like this in Windows with multiple user accounts , although it affects all applications .
May be installed quickly and anywhere Mozilla may be installed on any drive and at any location .
It may installed on a network drive and run directly from there .
In fact , it really does n't have to be installed at all .
Can be easily uninstalled
One can uninstall in the same manner as one does with other applications .
May have multiple versions installed at once
One can have as many different versions of Mozilla installed at once which is useful if you need to test on various versions .
Cross -platform Mozilla is available for a number of different platforms .
( 8 to 12 depending on the exact version ) .
It has the same the same features on all of them .
IE only runs on Windows and Mac and supports quite a different set of features on each .
Limited versions of IE for Unix platforms were available at one time , but are no longer available .
XUL The XML User Interface Language is used to create complex user interfaces using markup .
XBL The eXtensible Bindings Language is used to create custom widgets or elements and bind them to other XUL , XML or HTML elements .
RDF Mozilla can read and manipulate Resource Description Framework files .
MathML MathML is a markup language for displaying math equations .
XPCOM Native interface accessible via C++ or JavaScript which lets you perform various Mozilla functions .
Properly handles MIME types Properly displays content using the content type supplied by the server instead of various other incorrect things .
You can learn more information about this .
Supports documents sent as application / xhtml+xml ( XHTML )
The debate is still on whether this content type should be used for XHTML , but Mozilla supports it .
Mozilla also supports XHTML sent as text / xml .
Can render XML documents with styling Can render XML documents with associated style sheets .
IE must convert the documents into HTML before displaying them .
Link Prefetching Mozilla allows one to set documents or images to prefetch in the background .
They are loaded after the document has finished loading so as to not affect performance .
Usually , this would be used for the next page in a sequence .
More information
Displays ABBR / ACRONYM underlined and with titles in tooltips Content in these tags are displayed with an underline and the titles of various elements are displayed in a tooltip .
( IE does display tooltips for acronyms though ) .
Supports blinking text
You can make text blink .
This list is n't subjective .
Of course the < blink > tag is supported , but you can also use the CSS ' text - decoration : blink '
CSS min/max - width / height
Set minimum or maximum sizes on content to constrain it .
For more information see the CSS specification for min/ max - width and min/ max - height .
CSS position : fixed
This feature allows content to be fixed to a particular part of the window .
If the user scrolls the document , the content stays where it is .
For an example of this , go to the W3 C 's CSS page , and watch the menu in the upper right corner as you scroll the document .
CSS display : table and related display types Allowing one to create custom table element .
CSS generated content Generated content refers to : before , : after , the content property and so on .
CSS2 selectors Select elements for styling based on attribute values among other things .
Supports a handful of CSS3 selectors Matching on attribute substrings , selected text and so on .
Supports some extension CSS properties user - focus , user - select , border - radius , and many more .
Mostly used in themes , but they can also be used by Web pages as well if you really need to .
XML Base For specifying the base of an XML document .
I really do n't know if this is supported in other browsers .
FixPtr support FixPtr is for referring to parts of XML documents .
Simple XLink support
This is used for links in XML documents .
XML -RPC Simple API for doing XML - RPC .
Built - in SOAP API
Fairly extensive set of SOAP functions are available without any extra libraries needed .
PNG alpha transparency
For viewing partially transparent images .
See a demo .
MNG image support MNG is an animated image format , usually used for animated PNG images .
Supports ' favicons ' in any image format Supports any image format that Mozilla supports ( GIF , JPEG , PNG , MNG , XBM , BMP , ICO ) .
You can even make them animated if you 're insane .
IE only supports the BMP and ICO format .
Display icons in tabs and address bar Displays site icons in the tabs and in the address bar .
Available for more languages / locales Mozilla is available for many different languages , including ones you 've never heard of before .
IE 6.0 is currently available for 24 languages .
Mozilla 1.1 or later is available for 29 .
Mozilla 1.0 or later is available for over 40 languages .
Support for standard event handling Supports the standard capturing / bubbling event model .
Support for additional DOM0 / DOM1 / Core features Supports almost all of DOM0 and DOM1 .
DOM2 namespace handling Supports the various DOM methods that deal with namespaces .
DOM2 Style interfaces Supports most of the standard DOM style interfaces .
DOM2 TreeWalker interface The TreeWalker interface is used to navigate through a document .
DOM2 Range interface Supports the Range interface for grabbing blocks of content .
DOM3 XPath interface Supports retrieving elements using XPath expressions in HTML / XML / XUL documents using the DOM3 XPath interface .
Can set size of printed output
This may vary based on your printer , but one can scale the printed document or fit it to the page .
Useful for those sites that are just a bit too large .
Can bookmark groups of pages ( in tabs )
You can bookmark a set of pages and them open them all at once in multiple tabs .
To do this , choose Bookmark This Group of Tabs from the Bookmarks menu .
Can set multiple pages as a home page .
You can set a group as your home page , so multiple pages appear when you start Mozilla .
To set this , open the pages you wish in tabs , and then choose Use Current Group in the Navigator preferences panel .
Can search bookmarks
You can search bookmarks without having to search through your file system .
Easily create and add custom components XPInstall can be used to easily install custom components , using an install script written in JavaScript .
No special tool is required except a ZIP utility .
Supports finger protocol Can use the finger protocol .
This has been disabled in newer versions of Mozilla .
Supports data : URLs data URLs can be used to embed data in a URL .
HTTP Pipelining Allows for better performance when viewing pages .
Supports JavaScript getters / setters
For adding custom properties to objects that invoke code when retreived or modified .
For an example , see the IEEmu which implements some of the non-standard properties of IE .
JavaScript supports strict error checking
Which means displaying errors for things you did n't think were errors .
( Think Perl 's strict mode .
Easily accessible preferences file Preferences are all stored in a single file ( prefs.js ) which one can easily edit to add custom settings which have no UI .
Preferences can be moved around easily
One can easily copy preferences , bookmarks and other settings to another system as they are all stored in a single directory .
Various security related features Surely you knew Mozilla had better security features .
Supports the jar protocol Supports the jar : protocol for referring to HTML pages or images inside JAR or ZIP files .
This might be used to compress a downloaded site .
Open Source
So keen developers can always find out exactly why Mozilla behaves the way it does , or change it if they so desire .
Bugzilla
This is Mozilla 's bug tracking system , where you can find information about problems you encounter and can help get them fixed .
The National Security Agency has instructed all of its employees to “ actively ” watch for unauthorized disclosures of classified information in the press and online , and to report such disclosures to the authorities .
“ All NSA Components shall actively monitor media for the purpose of identifying unauthorized disclosures of classified NSA information , ” a March 20 NSA directive stated .
“ Media ” here is defined as “ any print , electronic , or broadcast outlet ( including blogs ) where information is made available to the general public . ”
The new NSA policy on leaks was first reported by Siobhan Gorman in “ NSA Strives to Plug Leaks , ” Baltimore Sun , July 23 , 2006 .
An annex to the NSA directive lists a series of questions to be asked about unauthorized disclosures in order to assess their significance , including : “ Is the disclosed information accurate ? ”
Has the information been requested under the Freedom of Information Act ?
“ If yes , identify the requester . ”
In response to a FOIA request from the Federation of American Scientists earlier this month , the National Security Agency refused to release most of the new directive ( pdf ) , which is marked “ for official use only . ”
But the full text was obtained independently by Secrecy News .
See “ Reporting Unauthorized Media Disclosures of Classified NSA / CSS Information , ” NSA / CSS Policy 1 - 27 , 20 March 2006 .
Bush used Osama 's words as an excuse to keep us in Iraq during his 9/11 Iraq
War speech , I find this news very disturbing .
From saying he does n't think about him , to saying he thinks about him all the time -- to saying ...
Steve :
Thankfully , the president explained his philosophy to the Weekly Standard 's Fred Barnes this week during a White House interview .
We now know why the Bush administration has n't made the capture of Osama bin Laden a paramount goal of the war on terror .
Emphasis on bin Laden does n't fit with the administration 's strategy for combating terrorism .
Here 's how President Bush explained this Tuesday : " This thing about . . . let 's put 100,000 of our special forces stomping through Pakistan in order to find bin Laden is just simply not the strategy that will work . "
Rather , Bush says there 's a better way to stay on offense against terrorists .
" The way you win the war on terror , " Bush said , " is to find people [ who are terrorists ] and get them to give you information about what their buddies are fixing to do .
Why does Tora Bora comes to mind ?
I think Osama is a terrorist and deserves to be captured , do n't you ?
TP has more ...
Venezuela 's golf courses are seen as havens for the rich
Mayor Juan Barreto has said playing golf on lavish courses within sight of the city 's slums is " shameful " .
Mr Barreto , an ally of President Hugo Chavez , has been trying to address a dramatic housing shortage in Caracas .
But critics say property rights are being eroded in Venezuela , where farms and ranches have also been seized .
Three years ago Mr Chavez 's left - wing government started redistributing agricultural land that it said was underused to help landless peasants .
But this is the first time officials have announced plans to expropriate privately - owned urban land to make way for public housing , says the BBC's Greg Morsbach in Caracas .
Affluent suburbs
Mr Barreto had ordered the " forced acquisition " of the golf courses , city attorney Juan Manuel Vadell told the Associated Press .
He said compensation would be paid , at a level decided by an appraisal commission .
The golf courses - the Country Club and Valle Arriba club - are in the city 's most affluent suburbs , home to millionaires , foreign diplomats and celebrities , and are seen by some as a haven for the rich .
Venezuela has seized " idle " farm land for redistribution
They are also in districts run by the opposition .
Mr Chavez has not yet said whether he supports the move .
But opposition city council member Carlos Ciordia called the plans " electoral demagoguery " by Mr Chavez , who is hoping for re-election in December .
Fernando Zozaya , president of the Caracas Country Club , said " this has created great concern " among his club 's members .
But Mr Barreto said : " It 's shameful to see people playing golf and just right there in front of them is a shantytown . "
" We are following the policies laid out by President Chavez ... to give a new social direction to the city , so the city can be enjoyed by everyone , " he said in a television interview .
Mr Barreto has said 5,000 people could be housed in the space taken up by a single golf course .
introduction
second update
Please also see my Anatomy of an Attack Against 1.1.4 , which is more detailed and more accurate regarding the mechanics of the flaw .
first update
The problem is not limited to remote execution ; there are denial - of - service issues too .
See this thread on Ruby - Forum , and the official explanation on the Rails weblog .
However , as Chris Carter points out on Peter Krantz ’s blog :
“ The scary part is that it can run your schema.rb file , which will drop all your tables and recreate them . ”
I always use a SQL schema instead of a Ruby schema because I use a visual database modeler , so I was immune to this particular use of the bug .
Your first line of defense should be to rename schema.rb to schema.something_else .
A vulnerability tester ( not an exploit ) has been posted to Pastie .
Usage instructions and some tests of different combinations of webservers and Rails versions are here , on the Caboose wiki .
The testing script was written by Zed Shaw .
Be very careful to check that it wo n’t accidentally do something dangerous to your app .
Warning : do n’t run it against production , because it will reload your database schema if your application is vulnerable .
details
The patch location is easily discovered with the elite hacking tool diff -r :
routing.rb 1.1.4 base [ 0 , extended_root.length ] == extended_root || base =~ %r{rails - [ \d. ]+/ builtin}
routing.rb 1.1.5 def file_kinds ( kind ) (( @file_kinds ||= [ ] ) << kind ) .uniq ! || @file_kinds end file_kinds :app base.match(/\A#{Regexp.escape(extended_root)}\/*#{file_kinds(:lib ) * '|'} / ) || base =~ %r{rails - [ \d. ]+/ builtin}
It looks like , for example , that if your Rails installation is in / www / rails / , passing a string such as / www / rails / ../../ tmp/ would pass the old validation , and if you had managed to upload a file such as hax_controller.rb to /tmp / , a route request to /hax / would force Rails to run your arbitrary code .
It seemed like the browser - submittable header field $ HTTP_LOAD_PATH would get rewritten to $ LOAD_PATH during certain requests .
This may not be true in production mode , or it may depend on your webserver .
Even so , file_column and other plugins upload things to places within the Rails tree ( e.g. #{RAILS_ROOT}/public/files/model_name/id/filename ) , so it would n’t have been necessary to backtrack on the path , because / public / files / model_name / id / filename would have been a valid route even though there was no such controller .
( I think .
I am not an expert on routes . )
If you could predict the landing - place of an uploaded .rb file , you could compromise the system .
However , as is mentioned in the update above , the default Rails install tree contains some files which are already dangerous and could be executed without having to manipulate the $ LOAD_PATH .
This means there is a built - in potential for denials - of - service as well as database corruption if the schema is reset or if migrations are forced to run in the wrong order .
criticism
The security - through - obscurity response of the Rails team has been widely criticized .
As a commenter notes on the Rails blog , this is the kind of thing that gets software permanently rejected by organizations where risk management is a high priority .
Kristian Köhntopp reminded me that Theo de Raadt tried the same approach with the famous OpenSSH vulnerability .
It did n’t work then either .
Open - source and limited disclosure policies tend not to go well together .
In other news , I posted release 12 of the has_many_polymorphs plugin .
Thursday 5 October : Jack Straw writes column attacking the veil .
Jack Straw writes column attacking the veil .
Friday 6 October : Muslim woman had her hijab pulled off and thrown on the floor by a white man in east London .
Muslim woman had her veil snatched from her face in Liverpool .
Muslim girl wearing a veil in Straw 's Blackburn constituency was verbally abused by three youth s .
Muslim woman had her hijab pulled off and thrown on the floor by a white man in east London .
Muslim woman had her veil snatched from her face in Liverpool .
s. Saturday 7 October : Two Asian men were attacked by racists in Leicester , one critically injured .
Two Asian men were attacked by racists in Leicester , one critically injured .
Sunday 8 October : Racist graffiti was daubed on a house on Teesside .
Racist graffiti was daubed on a house on Teesside .
Monday 9 October : A 21 year old Turkish woman wearing a hijab was verbally abused by a white woman in Canterbury , Kent .
A black Muslim woman wearing a veil was verbally abused in Hackney , east London .
Also racist e-mails were sent to Muslim groups :
" All Muslim women should be forced to cover their face - they are the ugliest bastards in the world " .
" I think ugly Muslims should wear the veil and the good ones should not " .
They changed the story
She is a TA , so she does n't actually teach ( I 've been one ) .
She 'll help pupils one to one when the kids are working .
There have been zero comments from the kids themselves about this .
According to Ms. Azmi the pupils never complained .
Although the ( ignorant ) parents did
" She is able to do this effectively while wearing the veil .
She has demonstrated in a number of interviews that she can communicate effectively while wearing the veil . "
Nick Whittingham of Kirklees Law Centre
And since when did kids in class listen ;) ( just joking ! )
extremism
division
demonises
I 've been trying to imagine what it must be like to be a Muslim in Britain .
I guess there 's a sense of dread about switching on the radio or television , even about walking into a newsagents .
What will they be saying about us today ?
Will we be under assault for the way we dress ?
Oh I know why ..... if you 've read and disgested this ... so should you !
I was hoping the hysteria of the UK press would die down about the Muslim veil issue .
But it has n't , it has escalated .
This whole issue was started by Jack Straw - Leader of the House of Commons and MP for Blackburn .
He wrote an article in the Lancashire Telegraph .
He basically said the veil was a " visible statement of separation and of difference " .
IMO it was a political move as the actual incident that Straw was referring to was over a year ago .
Then all of a sudden he starts to think about it !
( Remember Blair is resigning soon - maybe he wants a promotion . )
This led to a mixed response - disapproval from some and support from others .
The media took hold of this article and was hyped beyond all proportion ( thinking of mountains and molehills ) .
Suddenly everybody had an opinion ( usually negative ) !
According to one political aide of Straw's - wearing the veil was a selfish act !!
Suddenly the veil became a political tool .
Tony Blair and his cronies initially distanced themselves from this issue .
Prescott even came out and said Straw was wrong !
Livingstone said he " amazed at the insensitivity " , although he did later support Straws ' views .
racist attacks just after Straw 's article was published .
These ' people ' that commit such race crimes just need any old reason to do so .
See timetable below ( Came from the full Independent article page 14 - Sat 14th October . ) Charming .
This is not the first time this pattern has transpired .
When John Reid declared that extremist Muslim " bullies " must be faced down ; Mosques in Preston and Falkirk were attacked and a Muslim dairy farm in Windsor was " under siege " .
The politicians must surely realise that these kind of comments fuels racism ( step forward BNP - see here ) .
According to the Independent the BNP had also sent out anti-Muslim leaflets featuring a photograph of a veiled women .
Of course none of the big newspapers have mentioned this article have they .
Oh look somebody has been storing " the largest amount of chemical explosives of its type ever found in the country . "
Oh look he is ex BNP !
Imagine the field day the press would have if this person was ....... Muslim .
What is more scary a Muslim women in a veil or 10 - 15 yobs attacking property ???
or an ex BNP member storing large amounts of explosives ???
Why haven ' t these attacks / potential " non-muslim " bomber been condemned by the politicians ??
Why has n't Mr Chemical Bomb been arrested under the Terrorism act .
This smacks of hyprocrisyThis " War on the Veil " was further fuelled last weekend , by the suspension ( later sacked , thanks to pressure from some ministers ) of a Muslim teaching assistant called Aishah Azmi .
Initial press reports stated that she was sacked because she REFUSED to take the veil off in the classroom or in front of male colleagues .
According to Azmi herself she never REFUSED to take it off ( see here too ) .
So the story changed to " the kids could n't understand her " .
I smell a proverbial rat here .
Unfortunately for Ms Azmi she lost her job because she became a political tool ( latest news - no discrimination case ) .
Suddenly Tony Blair had an opinion - the veil was a " mark of separation " and " made some feel uncomfortable " .
Well Blair - do n't you think wars YOU and Bush started in the Middle East is a " mark of separation " .
Even that Stalinist Reid thinks so !
650,000 + dead plus many many more injured and many many affected by the Gulf wars makes me feel uncomfortable .
These stories aid and encourageandthe Muslim community .
Everyday there seems to be a story targetted towards the Muslim community in the press .
Lord Ahmed expresses similar views here .
But for every respected Lord , there is the trash talk .
This time it comes from the Sun ( who else ? ? )
At the end of the day the Government have played , as the Socialist Worker puts it , the racecard .
What has developed in this country 's psyche because of these stories and others is Islamophobia .
Though none of the politicians seemto want to talk about this , except one - George Galloway of the RESPECT party .
You can see a video of his opinions here Also I also believe that this recent veil story is a smokescreen for what is happening in Iraq and the Army Generals ' comments
My main gripe is that they UK is supposed to represent freedom and democracy ( yeah right ! ) , yet there is a major uproar because some people want to wear a veil over their head . .
So what is they want to wear veils over their heads .
It is their choice , it does n't hurt anyone .
I do n't personally care if they wear pants on their head !!
Maybe it'll become fashionable in a few years time , if shell suits were , then head veils surely stand a chance !
IMO the ONLY reason is because it is a Muslim issue .
And remember Muslims are becoming the new Jews - read this article here An excerpt :
Say the veil gets outlawed , where does it stop ?
It is a personal choice and freedom to wear a veil , therefore this will set a dangerous precedent .
I get the argument that people might not be able to understand what a veiled person is saying .
So I 'll give you the solution : Cut a little hole where the mouth goes in the veil .
Can see mouth and can communicate freely .
SIMPLE AND EFFECTIVE .
END OF ARGUMENT !
Why has n't this been suggested ??
Die leidige Diskusion über den Daseinszustand Gottes , ob jetzt anderweitig beschäftigt oder verstorben erkläre ich hiermit für beendet .
Die letzte Ruhestätte befindet sich auf dem Friedhof Düsseldorf .
In Punkto Geschmack und Grabgestaltung hätte ich dann doch etwas mehr erwartet .
Tags
As if fighting inflation , smoothing out the business cycle , and saving the world from economic crises were not enough , central banks are being advised to include another objective in their mission : the purchase and management of stock portfolios .
The Washington Post reports that former Treasury Secretary ( and soon - to - be - former president of Harvard University ) Lawrence Summers " is advising some of the world 's biggest holders of US Treasury bonds that they ought to find much better ways to invest their money . "
Summers says that by holding large portfolios of US Treasuries , central banks are passing up more lucrative investments in the stock market .
To make sense of this proposal ( if indeed it makes any sense ) , it is first necessary to understand how central banks came to hold so many reserves , and why the majority of their reserves are currently held in the form of US government debt .
From there , Summers 's proposal is a small and apparently logical step .
Mises explained the tendency of economic management to evolve in small and seemingly logical increments into a regime of complete central planning .
The progression of central banks from their origin as repositories of gold created to bail out bankrupt fractional reserve banks into active portfolio managers perfectly illustrates the Misesean critique .
Origin of Foreign Dollar Reserves
The present circumstances are a matter of both accident and design , the residue of a failed monetary experiment .
The Bretton Woods System was put in place after World War Two as an effort to avoid the rigors of the classical gold standard .
It derives its name from the location of a Vermont resort where the agreement was drafted between the finance ministers of the world 's major economic powers .
As Orlin Grabbe explains in his excellent article on the rise and fall of this system ,
After a postwar transition period , currencies were to become convertible .
That meant , to anyone who was not a lawyer , currencies could be freely bought and sold for other foreign currencies .
Restrictions were to be removed , and hopefully eliminated .
So , in order to keep market exchange rates within 1 percent of par value , central banks and exchange authorities would have to build up a stock of dollar reserves with which to intervene in the foreign exchange market .
The Bretton Woods agreement , if adhered to , precluded sustained inflation on the part of member nations .
The values of other currencies were pegged to the dollar , which was pegged to gold .
Foreign central banks did for a period of time accumulate dollar reserves , which were thought , as per terms of the agreement , to be convertible to gold at the fixed rate of $ 35 per ounce .
And for a time , foreign treasuries were able to demand gold in exchange for dollars at the official price .
But this was not compatible with the guns and butter policies pursued by the US federal government .
The United States ensured its ultimate default on the gold convertibility clause by vastly inflating the supply of dollars far beyond its gold reserves , valued at the official price .
Grabbe continues ,
[ by the 1960s ] European countries began to add up the total stock of U.S. dollars in foreign official hands and compare them to the total U.S. gold supply .
They began to realize that the United States could no longer keep its part of the Bretton Woods agreement to convert dollars into gold at $ 35 per ounce .
By 1960 total foreign dollar claims on the United States were greater than the total value of the U.S. gold stock when gold was valued at $ 35 per ounce .
If all foreign official dollars were turned in for gold at the same time , U.S. gold would run short .
The United States would either have to turn away dollar - holders or increase the dollar price of gold .
The Bretton Woods system ultimately collapsed as the US default option by " closing the gold window " , that is , suspending its redemption commitment .
The convertibility rule that might have provided some kind of a check on US inflation was gone .
The world was on a dollar standard , but the dollar itself was a floating abstraction with convertibility only to itself .
To call the resulting international monetary arrangement a Frankenstein monster would be a great injustice to monsters .
Two generations removed from a gold standard , central bankers no longer view gold as money , but as a portfolio asset .
While this transition has been implied rather than consciously chosen , its significance cannot be overstated .
Gold convertibility did not consist of the exchange of one asset ( dollars ) for another asset ( gold ) at a fixed price ; rather it was the equivalence of two different representations of the same thing : money .
The paper form was originally a convenience over the transportation of physical gold , in the same way that a check is not an asset but a means of transferring assets that are held in the checking account .
Reserve Assets After Bretton Woods
Central banks did not set out to accumulate dollars per se , but as an asset that could be converted into the ultimate means of payment , gold .
Nevertheless , after the breakdown of the exchange rate regime , central banks around the world were left sitting on large piles of dollars that they had accumulated under the assumption that they were as good as gold .
The large dollar holdings of non-US central banks were in this sense accidental .
Richard Duncan in his book The Dollar Crisis picks up the story from this point :
International reserve assets expanded at a relatively slow pace before 1970 and at a very rapid pace afterwards … .
It is extraordinary to note that the world 's reserve assets increased more in the four years between 1969 and 1974 as the Bretton Woods system collapsed than during all preceding centuries combined .
During the 20 years from 1949 to 1969 , the world 's reserve assets increased by 55 % .
During the next 20 years , they expanded by 700 % .
Altogether , between 1969 and today , international reserve asset have increased approximately 20 - fold .
Prior to 1970 , gold has comprised the majority of total reserve assets and had been the foundation stone of the Bretton woods system .
Afterwards … the role of gold diminished rapidly as foreign exchange become dominant within reserve holdings .
By the end of 2000 , gold represented only 2 % of total reserves .
This shift is particularly significant because all the major international currencies also ceased to be backed by gold after 1970 .
Consequently , as time passed , the world 's reserve assets were not only no longer comprised of gold , they became comprised primarily of currencies that were also no longer backed by gold .
Paper money replaced gold as the foundation stone of the international monetary system .
In the last five years , central banks of countries with which the United States runs a trade deficit have accumulated staggering quantities of US Treasury debt .
[1 ]
As of the end of 2005 , the Bank of Korea held $ 210 Bn , the Bank of Japan $ 828 Bn and the Bank of China over $ 818 Bn , rising to $ 875 Bn by the end of March .
These reserves are held mostly in US Treasury debt and other quasi - governmental securities such as mortgage - backed bonds issued by the government - sponsored entities Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
Through their ownership of US government debt , foreign central banks are now major participants in financing the US budget deficit .
Dollar reserves held by central banks under the Bretton Woods system provided the bank with ammunition to maintain the fixed exchange rate for its national currency against the dollar that was the cornerstone of the system .
If foreign buyers would not pay dollars for the currency at the pegged exchange rate , then the central bank could step in .
Dollar reserves could be used to purchase the national currency if the exchange rate threatened to fall more below its pegged rate .
But post -Bretton Woods , what purpose would these reserves serve ?
Why should central banks hold them at all ?
For example , should the central banks have at this point contributed the dollars to the budgets of their national governments , which then could have spent them on imported goods from the United States ?
In spite of the failure to achieve their stated objective , government agencies rarely respond " game over , " shut down , and return their resources to the private sector ; instead , a new reason is found for their continuation .
Several reasons for holding reserves have found favor , and these will be described below .
After the default of the United States on its promise of gold convertibility , other nations dropped the official claim of dollar convertibility .
Unofficially , however , the fiat dollar had established itself as the largest and most liquid international means of payment , and as such it continued to function in some respects as the gold - backed dollar had done under the prior agreement .
With the fiat dollar 's acceptance as the international standard , some central banks have felt it prudent to hold a quantity of dollar reserves to prevent an imminent fall in their currency 's exchange rate .
Debt defaults accompanied by a currency exchange rate collapse typically have occurred when a country has accumulated excessive levels of dollar - denominated debt when repayment prospects have come into question .
For this reason , the presence of dollar - denominated assets on a central bank 's balance sheet gives a country some credit - worthiness in the eyes of foreigners .
While the bank has dollars to sell , it can purchase the country 's own currency with dollars on the foreign exchange market to maintain the exchange rate .
A series of currency crises in the 1990s affecting mostly developing nations has reinforced this trend .
In such a crisis , the exchange rates of a particular currency would collapse against the dollar when the ability to repay dollar - denominated debt payments came into question .
In the wake of these incidents , chastened central bankers have accumulated large precautionary " war chests " of dollar reserves .
More recently , a nearly opposite reason for the accumulation of reserves has gained credibility among developing nations , especially Asian .
Policy makers in these nations who have embraced a mercantilist ideology have found the accumulation of reserves helpful in the implementation of their policies .
Mercantilism is the economic theory that exports are more desirable than imports .
Policy makers under the influence of this theory believe that they best way that a government can promote economic growth by subsidizing domestic export industries , even unprofitable ones , at the expense of domestic consumers .
The implementation of a mercantilist policy is improved by a deliberate policy of having a below - market exchange rate .
Lowering the exchange rate of a currency against foreign currencies makes the country 's exports cheaper to foreigners and makes other nation 's imports more expensive within the country , thus achieving the goal of promoting exports .
Several developing nations have implemented what economist Nouriel Roubini has called the Bretton Woods II system – a policy of quasi - fixed below - market exchange rates enforced by central bank intervention to prevent the exchange rates from adjusting upwards to their market values .
To carry this out requires continued intervention by the central bank .
In trading with the United States , for example , Chinese exporters are constantly acquiring dollars from American firms , and seeking to exchange those dollars for the Chinese renminbi in order to pay their local suppliers and employees .
Over time , the supply of dollars and the demand for renminbi would push renminbi's exchange rate higher , in terms of dollars .
To prevent this , the Bank of China must purchase dollars and sell renminbi .
As the central banks of China and other Asian nations carried out their policy of quasi - pegged , below - market exchange rates , they have accumulated a vast fund of US dollars .
The reserves were acquired not because the central bank saw any good reason to fund the bottomless pit that is the US government , but as a necessary consequence of their trade policy .
There would be no way for the central bank to unload its dollar reserves without defeating their original purpose .
Stuck with their dollars , central banks have nothing better to do than to buy US Treasury debt , which at least pays them a minimal rate of interest .
Central Banks as Hedge Funds
As discussed , the desire to allocate capital to credit markets and earn a prospective rate of return did not play a role in the accumulation of what have become in essence large bond portfolios .
Nor did central banks start out with the idea that they would become portfolio managers .
Their large holdings of reserves came about for other reasons entirely .
While the original rationale for central banks reserves no longer applies , the large accumulated holdings of reserve assets and the political impossibility of any government institution voluntarily giving up its ill - gotten gains makes the next step nearly inevitable .
The view that central banks should seek the highest return on their assets is increasingly driving discussions of central bank policy .
This was the rationale behind the Bank of England 's 1999 decision to sell a portion of its gold reserves .
The proceeds of the sale were , according to UK Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown , to be used for the purchase of government securities denominated in dollars , euros , and yen . [ 2 ]
In the opinion of central bankers , gold as an asset lags in comparison to debt securities because it sits in vaults and does not pay a yield .
This refrain has been echoed within the world of central banking , as a substantial number of Western European central banks in addition to the Bank of England have participated in a sell - off of gold reserves over the past six years .
The Swiss central bank , for example , sold over 1,000 tons , or around half of its reserves .
The stated purpose of most of these sales was to invest the proceeds on interest - paying securities , " diversified " among the world 's major fiat currencies .
Summers 's proposal then is part of the movement of central banks from accidental portfolio holders to active asset managers .
In this light , for banks to swap bonds for stocks is nearly obvious .
Summers first calls attention to the poor returns to be expected from holding US Treasuries .
While Summers estimates the return on foreign holdings of US Treasuries to be a small but positive number ( around 2 % ) , a politically unbiased calculation of the inflation rate indicates that that the return on US Treasuries , in dollars , is probably negative .
This computation does not take into account possible losses for non-US bond holders due to a fall in the dollar 's exchange rate against their currency .
A single day 's movement in the dollar against other currencies could wipe out an entire year 's nominal return .
Summers then offers the more attractive prospects accruing to equity shareholders .
According to Summers ,
[ the equity holdings of central banks would earn ] an annual return of 5 percent — a conservative estimate for the long - run yield on a sensible stock portfolio — the $ 2 trillion in excess reserves could produce average annual yields of about $ 100 billion .
Economic and Political Problems
Central banks , through a series of accidents and failed policies , are now reinventing themselves as profit - maximizing asset allocators .
But there are significant problems with this new mission , both economic and political .
While modern portfolio theory considers government debt to be an " asset class , " government debt is not in the economic sense an investment .
The economic meaning of investment is the employment of real resources toward the construction of more productive capital yielding more consumption goods in the future .
Treasury debt is fundamentally different from private savings in that it is simply a claim on the taxing power of the government that issued it with no productive capital behind it .
The money that was borrowed upon the issue of the bond has already been spent to fund government consumption for its favored welfare and warfare programs , while the taxpayers were burdened with the obligation to repay .
The two cases of domestic and foreign holdings of government debt are slightly different .
When the central bank of country A holds the treasury debt of country B , it has acquired a claim on the taxing power of B's government ( or a promise that the central bank of B will print enough of B's money to pay off the debt ) .
When the central bank of A holds A's own government debt , this is a mere accounting arrangement for the apportioning of tax revenues among different branches of the same government .
This is what occurs in the United States when the operating portion of the federal budget [ 3 ] borrows from the operating surplus of the Social Security System .
The federal government pays with non-negotiable bonds constituting promises to repay Social Security out of future tax revenues .
[ 4 ]
Concerning this arrangement , Charles E. Rounds wrote ,
All the U.S. is actually doing is engaging in non-binding musings with itself about paying itself back for certain monies it has spent out of general revenues for purposes other than social security .
The closest thing that a social security " bond " resembles to anything legitimate is the " bond " of a corporation that has been reacquired by the corporation , or more accurately the " bond " of a corporation that has yet to be issued , i.e. sold , to a third party by the corporation .
In either case , the " bond " is neither the property of the corporation 's stockholders nor of the investing public .
While the problems with central banks holding Treasury debt are bad enough , the problems with these institutions going into the market for private sector equity are even greater .
Central banks are now verging on the same playing field as private sector investment banks and hedge funds .
Owing to the massive size of their reserves , the presence of these actors in equity markets would instantly transform them into major players .
The Bank of Japan 's portfolio valued at $ 800 Bn is about equal in value to the market cap of the Swiss stock market , the eighth - largest share market in the world .
Other emerging nations are of similar capitalization , for example Russia ( $ 592 Bn ) , South Korea ( $ 557 Bn ) , and India ( $ 506 Bn ) .
Modern portfolio theory divides the financial world into asset classes having stable returns , where a return is associated with each class .
The return of an asset class is thought to compensate investors for the asset 's volatility .
Bonds , for example , are thought to earn around 3 % and stocks around 8 % in real terms , with stocks having greater volatility than bonds .
The returns on a conservative stock portfolio , according to Summers , is about 5 % .
According to this theory , constructing a portfolio is equivalent to slicing up the pie into pieces consisting of single asset classes .
Given the assumptions of the theory , an optimal portfolio can be constructed that maximizes risk - adjusted return .
While Summers presents the issue as one of rational portfolio management , this view rests on a serious misunderstanding .
The return on a private sector asset cannot be separated from the institutional context of private property rights in the means of production .
Economic central planning is defined as a single owner - planner of all of the means of production .
Ownership of financial assets is ownership of the means of production .
To the extent that government agencies own a portion of the stock market they are engaged in central planning .
The purpose of capital markets is the channeling of savings into investment .
Financial assets are ultimately ownership claims on real assets .
Financial assets are created by the owners of real assets in order to subdivide , rank , and otherwise keep track of ownership claims .
The existence of debt and equity shares simplifies economic calculation by enabling the pricing of assets used at different stages of production .
As Mises showed in his famous critique of central planning , only private owners of capital allocate it in an economically rational way .
The allocation of scarce productive assets , Mises showed , can only be done with market prices .
Prices enable business firms to calculate profits and losses , indicating whether they have produced more of economic value than they have consumed , or the reverse .
Prices are only economically meaningful when they are the outcome of individuals risking their own wealth to purchase the asset in competition with other private owners of wealth .
Without the private direction of investment , no economically meaningful calculation of profit or loss could be made .
Accumulated capital would be consumed rather than augmented .
Returns in this sense would be negative , though they could not be calculated exactly without market prices .
While the trend in central bank thinking increasingly portrays the institutions as quasi- private sector entities , similar to hedge funds , this is not the case .
A central bank – because it does not put privately owned wealth at risk — cannot possibly allocate capital rationally .
The greater the share of total market capitalization owned by central banks , the less rational will be the allocation of real productive assets .
A substantial ownership of equity shares by central banks would transform financial markets from a means of capital allocation to one of capital consumption and economic destruction .
While Mises 's criticism of economic calculation without prices is decisive , there are serious political problems with this proposal as well .
Ownership of capital ultimately requires control over its use in order to realize its economic value .
Once government entities hold private sector equities , there can be no doubt that rent - seeking leeches would start to lobby for the politicization of corporate decision making .
When central banks own stocks , will Fed governors sit on the boards of corporations ?
Will Governor Kohn be involved in the hiring of new CEOs ?
Will self - professed Hayekian Governor Kroszner be for , or against , stock options as a means of executive compensation ?
Will Fed Chair Bernanke appear on Mad Money to tout his stock picks ?
More worrying still that a single institution with the power to create money and purchase financial assets is a threat to exercise both of those powers at once .
A series of research studies by Bernanke and other researchers at the Fed explain how central bank purchases of financial assets could be carried out with with newly printed money .
I have argued in my piece on Bernankeism that this has set the United States on a trajectory toward to a form of hyper-inflation in which the Fed uses helicopter money to stave off a collapse in asset prices .
Conclusion : The Logic of Interventionism
Political institutions created with the stated intention of solving one problem often outlast their original purpose and must continue to reinvent themselves in order to justify their continued existence .
Once a single interference in the market is put in place , wrote Mises ,
it may happen that the way in which they , the producers and consumers , react appears as still less desirable , in the eyes of the government and the advocates of its interference , than the previous state of the unhampered market that the government wanted to alter .
Then if the government does not want to abstain from any intervention and to repeal its first measure , it is forced to add to its first intervention a new one .
The same story then repeats itself at another level .
Again the outcome of the government 's intervention appears to the government as even more unsatisfactory than the preceding state that it was designed to remedy .
As long as the policy of interventionism is pursued , new " solutions " are required in order to solve the problems caused by the prior interventions .
If not stopped , the end of this progression is a system of total central planning :
In this way , the government is forced to add to its first intervention more and more decrees of interference until it has actually eliminated any influence of the market factors — entrepreneurs , capitalists , and employees as well as consumers — upon the determination of the ways of production and consumption .
Central banks were originally created by fractional reserve banking cartels as " lenders of last resort " to bail out fractional reserve banks during banking crises .
They found a new lease on life under Keynesianism as the focal point of central macro-economic management .
Then , under Bretton Woods , they took on the role of defenders of foreign exchange rates .
The collapse of that system left them with large quantities of reserves that they had nothing better to do with than " invest . "
For them to become active portfolio managers is nearly inevitable under the Misesean logic .
[ 5 ]
The only exit from this process is a renunciation of monetary interventionism itself : the dissolution of central banks and a return to sound money .
Notes
[ 1 ] BIS 76th Annual Report , p. 83 .
[ 2 ]
As of this writing all of those currencies have depreciated substantially against gold in the time since the sale .
By some estimates , the UK has lost over £ 2 billion on the sale compared to the value of the gold that it sold .
[ 3 ]
Or perhaps better , the " federal fudget " .
[ 4 ]
In the United States , the tax revenues used to pay the debt are paid to the central bank .
Since the central bank accounts for its own account with itself , these revenues are journalled into this account .
At the end of the year , the Federal rebates all profits back to the US Treasury , so in the end a big nothing has occurred .
[ 5 ]
Yet in Orwellian manner , the public soon forgets that the institution was created for an entirely different reason .
QUESTION #473 previous | next
Why does your hand look funny when you move it fast in front of the tv or computer screen ?
Answer
Asked by : Ian V.
The effect is called strobing .
Television screens and monitors refresh their image at a certain rate , called the refresh rate and which have units of inverse seconds , or Hertz .
The refresh is needed in order that the screen can show moving pictures .
A good way of think of the refresh is a snapshot of an image that is displayed very quickly .
If the number of displays per second are increased , that corresponds to a higher refresh rate .
Now , each snapshot is ' flashed ' for a short amount of time , sort of like the flash bulb of camera going off .
If the number of flashes per second is high enough , your brain will interpret this as a constant light source .
For instance , if you look at your monitor you will see a steady light coming from it .
In reality the monitor is producing anywhere from 60 - 100 ' flashes ' per second .
The human visual cortex is capable of distinguishing around 25 - 30 ' flashes ' per second , or about 25 - 30 Hertz .
Anything that flashes at a faster rate appears as a constant light source .
Knowing your visual refresh rate is important if you want to animate a cartoon .
You need to display at least 24 cartoons frames , or cells , per second in order to see smooth movement .
When you wave your hand in front of a strobing light , your hand will block a certain amount of the light and you will see the outline of your hand appearing at certain intervals .
These intervals corresponds to the speed of your hand , the refresh rate of your eye , and the refresh rate of the monitor .
The difference between the refresh rate of the monitor and the refresh rate of your vision is called the beat frequency .
For example , the beat frequency between my eye and my monitor is 80 Hz - 24 Hz = 56 Hz .
Note that this beat frequency is still greater than what my eye can see as a refresh .
Now , say you moved your hand at a certain speed across the monitor and very close to ( nearly touching ) the monitor .
The separation distance of images of your hand would be the velocity of your hand divided by the beat frequency , or , as a formula : Separation distance = ( velocity ) / ( beat frequency ) The number of images you would see is the width of your monitor separation divided by distance you calculated above : Number of images = ( width of monitor ) /( separation distance ) So , as an example .
I move my pencil at a speed of 2 meters per second near the surface of the monitor .
The beat frequency between my eye and the monitor is 80 Hz - 24 Hz = 56 Hz ~ 60 HzSeparation distance = ( 2 meter / second ) / ( 60 Hz ) = 3.33 centimetersEach image would be a centimeter apart .
The number of pencils I see are : Number of pencils = ( 50 centimeters ) / ( 3.33 centimeter ) = 15 You probably notice that as you move your and across the screen , hand is distorted , or bent .
To see this effect more clearly , take a pencil or a ruler and wave it across the screen .
The reason for the ' bending ' is that in reality the monitor does not ' flash ' the entire image all at once , but ' raster scans ' the image .
This means that the monitor draws the picture one line at a time starting at the top of your screen and ending at the bottom .
The monitor does this very fast and can draw the entire screen very quickly .
The raster also has a frequency .
This frequency is much higher than that of the refresh rate .
Using the formulas above , you can determine the image separation distance of this new ' raster ' frequency .
Since the image is refreshed from top to bottom , you will notice a bending of your finger at the top in the opposite direction of motion .
If you were to wave your finger up and down , you would notice that it seems to get thicker .
Other than making your hand look funny , there are many uses for the strobe effect .
A car mechanic uses a strobe light to determine how fast your engine is going .
By painting a dot on the crank shaft and flashing a light , she can determine how fast the crank is spinning .
The physicist uses the strobe effect to measure the speed or acceleration of objects , or to take pictures of very fast moving objects .
Strobe lights are used in dance halls to entertain the dancers ( or make them sick ! )
Answered by : Michael Varney , B.S. , Physics Graduate Student , University of Colorado , Boulder , Colorado .
Caucho Resin adds PHP
Go to top ]
Posted by : Emil Kirschner
Posted on : December 19 2005 09:26 EST
in response to Mark N But wo n't that ( Java specific PHP ) take away from the attraction of PHP ?
One of the biggest reasons people use PHP is because it can run on just Apache (+ mod ) .
No , it does n't take away any abstraction .
It 's just yet another platform on which you php code runs .
( 6 x faster :-) ) .
Its just like running PHP on top of IIS .
It does n't mean you cannot run you php code on apache / mod_php any more .
cheers ,
Emil
No , it does n't take away any abstraction .
It 's just yet another platform on which you php code runs .
( 6 x faster :-) ) .
Its just like running PHP on top of IIS .
It does n't mean you cannot run you php code on apache / mod_php any more .
cheers , Reply to this Reply to original
Caucho Resin adds PHP
Go to top ]
Posted by : Juozas Baliuka
Posted on : December 19 2005 10:10 EST
in response to Emil Kirschner
If you will wrapp and install java modules as PHP libraries then probably it will run on plain apache web server too .
But I do not think it is a good idea , it must be very slow to load JVM per web server process or to use some fake server to run java functions .
This stuff just can help to migrate legacy PHP applications or can help to train PHP developers for j2 EE , but opposite doe 's not make sence .
Reply to this Reply to original
Caucho Resin adds PHP
Go to top ]
Posted by : Emil Kirschner
Posted on : December 20 2005 05:05 EST
in response to Mark N
It does n't mean you cannot run you php code on apache / mod_php any more .
cheers
It does if you use things that are not available on apache / mod_php .
Hmmmm .
I think your image of PHP is way to idealistic Sir .
Let 's consider this , for example : PHP offers support for calling COM component and also offers IIS specific functions .
If you use IIS functions in your PHP code you can forget about running your code on apache .
Also , if call COM components from your PHP code it will probably work from mod_php on apache on windoze , but do n't dream about running it on linux .
So now considering all this , how doesn this java port take away more " attraction " from PHP ?
Regards ,
Emil Hmmmm .
I think your image of PHP is way to idealistic Sir .
Let 's consider this , for example : PHP offers support for calling COM component and also offers IIS specific functions .
If you use IIS functions in your PHP code you can forget about running your code on apache .
Also , if call COM components from your PHP code it will probably work from mod_php on apache on windoze , but do n't dream about running it on linux .
So now considering all this , how doesn this java port take away more " attraction " from PHP ?
Regards , Reply to this Reply to original
Caucho Resin adds PHP
Go to top ]
Posted by : Mark N
Posted on : December 20 2005 13:06 EST
in response to Emil Kirschner
So now considering all this , how doesn this java port take away more " attraction " from PHP ?
I did n't say the port did - the java specific could would .
And your above ( not reposted ) statements add to what I said .
I doubt I am idealistic about PHP .
I was merely commenting on the idealistic view of others ( ie it is easy and is supported everywhere ) .
I did n't say the port did - the java specific could would .
And your above ( not reposted ) statements add to what I said .
I doubt I am idealistic about PHP .
I was merely commenting on the idealistic view of others ( ie it is easy and is supported everywhere ) .
Reply to this Reply to original
PHP Multi - threaded problems
Go to top ]
Posted by : Matt Giacomini
Posted on : December 19 2005 10:37 EST
in response to Cameron Purdy
Ok this may be a very stupid question , and if so I 'm sorry for posting it , but :
I heard that most . php guys do n't use Apache 2.0 , because most of the php libs are not thread safe .
So my first question is what about all the php libs , can they also be run in Resin 's php server , do you just need to download the source for them and compile them in there too .
My second question is by bringing libraries over from regular php to java php how does that affect the multithreaded problems that many / most php libraries suffer from ?
Reply to this Reply to original
PHP Multi - threaded problems
Go to top ]
Posted by : Aapo Laakkonen
Posted on : December 19 2005 12:31 EST
in response to Matt Giacomini
Ok this may be a very stupid question , and if so I 'm sorry for posting it , but : I heard that most . php guys do n't use Apache 2.0 , because most of the php libs are not thread safe .
This might cause you problems if you run Apache 2 threaded MPM .
Most *nix distros offer preforked Apache 2 binaries by default ( as in Apache 1.3.x ) ) .
Preforked MPM is also the most performant in my opinion in single processor machines and Apache is usually placed in the front ( or in farm ) and those machines are usually cheap single processor machines .
And saying " most of the php libs " is false .
Most of PHP libs are already thread safe .
All libs are not , but those modules are usually written by some 3rd party .
I have been running mod_php with prefork MPM and worker MPM in apache 2 and both have been very reliable .
I just prefer prefork MPM .
My second question is by bringing libraries over from regular php to java php how does that affect the multithreaded problems that many / most php libraries suffer from ?
Resin is threaded by default as I know so if PHP is run on same process ( as it usually is in threaded environment ) badly behaving PHP module might bring the whole resin down .
I 'm not sure what php modules resin supports in it 's PHP implementation .
This might cause you problems if you run Apache 2 threaded MPM .
Most *nix distros offer preforked Apache 2 binaries by default ( as in Apache 1.3.x ) ) .
Preforked MPM is also the most performant in my opinion in single processor machines and Apache is usually placed in the front ( or in farm ) and those machines are usually cheap single processor machines .
And saying " most of the php libs " is false .
Most of PHP libs are already thread safe .
All libs are not , but those modules are usually written by some 3rd party .
I have been running mod_php with prefork MPM and worker MPM in apache 2 and both have been very reliable .
I just prefer prefork MPM .
Resin is threaded by default as I know so if PHP is run on same process ( as it usually is in threaded environment ) badly behaving PHP module might bring the whole resin down .
I 'm not sure what php modules resin supports in it 's PHP implementation .
Reply to this Reply to original
PHP Multi - threaded problems
Go to top ]
Posted by : Stefano Bagnara
Posted on : December 19 2005 12:45 EST
in response to Aapo Laakkonen Resin is threaded by default as I know so if PHP is run on same process ( as it usually is in threaded environment ) badly behaving PHP module might bring the whole resin down .
I 'm not sure what php modules resin supports in it 's PHP implementation .
Quercus ( the php module for resin ) does not load php modules .
Quercus simply provides a " native " java implementation for most php functions .
I already found a few bugs but IMHO they are small bugs with easy fixes .
I think / hope we 'll soon see a standalone release of the php compiler / interpreter .
Perhaps a BSF implementation is not so far ( Quercus already provide the mustang 's javax.script.ScriptEngineFactory implementation ) Quercus ( the php module for resin ) does not load php modules .
Quercus simply provides a " native " java implementation for most php functions .
I already found a few bugs but IMHO they are small bugs with easy fixes .
I think / hope we 'll soon see a standalone release of the php compiler / interpreter .
Perhaps a BSF implementation is not so far ( Quercus already provide the mustang 's javax.script.ScriptEngineFactory implementation ) Reply to this Reply to original
Are PHP APIs supported ?
Go to top ]
Posted by : Stefano Bagnara
Posted on : December 19 2005 10:53 EST
in response to Yuri Magrisso
I 've found a few functions missing and I reported them to their bugtracker .
Their bugtracker runs mantis bt ( PHP ) running over their new php interpreter and it seems to work fine !
I do n't know wether the supported php language is php 4 or php 5 .
You can digg this here :
http://www.digg.com/programming/6_times_faster_PHP_interpreter_by_Resin_creators
I tested it : it supports most php apis .
I 've found a few functions missing and I reported them to their bugtracker .
Their bugtracker runs mantis bt ( PHP ) running over their new php interpreter and it seems to work fine !
I do n't know wether the supported php language is php 4 or php 5 .
You can digg this here : Reply to this Reply to original
Caucho Resin adds PHP
Go to top ]
Posted by : Cameron Purdy
Posted on : December 19 2005 12:41 EST
in response to Lars Stitz I 'm still waiting for the headline " Is Java killing PHP ? "
;-)
Point is that it's not " killing " anything , it 's just broadening the range of choices available for running these applications .
If you can support 6 x as many PHP users on a Java app server as you can on a " native " Apache server , then why not move over to Java ?
Thanks to Java and the ingenuity of the Caucho team , the savings in hardware , rackspace , electricity and systems management will add up to millions of dollars for large - scale PHP systems .
Peace ,
Cameron Purdy
: Clustered Shared Memory for Java ;-) Point is that it's not " killing " anything , it 's just broadening the range of choices available for running these applications .
If you can support 6 x as many PHP users on a Java app server as you can on a " native " Apache server , then why not move over to Java ?
Thanks to Java and the ingenuity of the Caucho team , the savings in hardware , rackspace , electricity and systems management will add up to millions of dollars for large - scale PHP systems .
Peace , Cameron Purdy Tangosol Coherence : Clustered Shared Memory for Java Reply to this Reply to original
Caucho Resin adds PHP
Go to top ]
Posted by : Stefano Bagnara
Posted on : December 19 2005 15:46 EST
in response to Scott Ferguson
The benchmark was actually only 4 x faster , and was done late at night in preparation for JavaPolis , so take it with a grain of salt .
Hei Scott ,
can you reply to this questions ?
1 ) what language specification did you implement ?
PHP4 or PHP5 ?
2 ) what is the compatibility status ?
Fully implemented modules , partially implemented , not implemented .
3 ) Is there any official / community website for quercus ?
( I 've only found the bugtracker at
4 ) What is the quercus license ?
From the source comments I understand it 's under the GPL : is it correct ?
Hei Scott , can you reply to this questions ?
1 ) what language specification did you implement ?
PHP4 or PHP5? 2 ) what is the compatibility status ?
Fully implemented modules , partially implemented , not implemented .
3 ) Is there any official / community website for quercus ?
( I 've only found the bugtracker at http://bugs.caucho.com/my_view_page.php
4 ) What is the quercus license ?
From the source comments I understand it 's under the GPL : is it correct ?
Reply to this Reply to original
Caucho Resin adds PHP
Go to top ]
Posted by : Scott Ferguson
Posted on : December 19 2005 17:03 EST
in response to Stefano Bagnara 1 ) what language specification did you implement ?
PHP4 or PHP5 ?
PHP 5 . I do n't believe there 's an actual language specification , though . :)
2 ) what is the compatibility status ?
Fully implemented modules , partially implemented , not implemented .
We can add that to the wiki ( wiki.caucho.com ) .
The details would be too long to post here , since there are lots of PHP modules and functions .
We 're concentrating on finding and implementing the most - used functions first , so the function / module list looks pretty scattershot at the moment .
Because we 're trying to identify the most - used functions first , having people add bug reports for functions they need is very valuable .
3 ) Is there any official / community website for quercus ?
( I 've only found the bugtracker at http://bugs.caucho.com/my_view_page.php )
is the best at the moment other than the bug trackers .
We 'll be adding a bulletin board as soon as we find a good PHP one and make any Quercus fixes to get it working .
4 ) What is the quercus license ?
From the source comments I understand it 's under the GPL : is it correct ?
GPL PHP 5 . I do n't believe there 's an actual language specification , though .
:) We can add that to the wiki ( wiki.caucho.com ) .
The details would be too long to post here , since there are lots of PHP modules and functions .
We 're concentrating on finding and implementing the most - used functions first , so the function / module list looks pretty scattershot at the moment .
Because we 're trying to identify the most - used functions first , having people add bug reports for functions they need is very valuable .
http://wiki.caucho.com is the best at the moment other than the bug trackers .
We 'll be adding a bulletin board as soon as we find a good PHP one and make any Quercus fixes to get it working .
GPL Reply to this Reply to original
Caucho Resin adds PHP
Go to top ]
Posted by : Will Hartung
Posted on : December 19 2005 14:50 EST
in response to Cameron Purdy I 'm still waiting for the headline " Is Java killing PHP ? "
;-)
Point is that it's not " killing " anything , it 's just broadening the range of choices available for running these applications .
If you can support 6 x as many PHP users on a Java app server as you can on a " native " Apache server , then why not move over to Java ?
Thanks to Java and the ingenuity of the Caucho team , the savings in hardware , rackspace , electricity and systems management will add up to millions of dollars for large - scale PHP systems .
Actually , Java is " adopting and extending " PHP ;-) .
I think this will be a great way for folks to migrate to a Java solution , but I do not think that we 'll be seeing this in the wild from generic PHP hosting providers any time soon .
Simply put , while it 's great that Resin can run PHP ( and Cold Fusion , for that matter ) , the Apache / PHP process model is a much safer system from a " general public , idiot user accidently DoSing the system " point of view .
But it 's about time this happened .
I always thought it was a smart move when ColdFusion jumped on the JVM , and I did n't see much of a reason why PHP could n't have done the same thing .
The nice thing about this is that it will ( ideally ) let PHP application integrate much more smoothly with Java systems , and will let those who may feel " trapped " by PHP have a way out into the broader world that is Java .
Actually , Java is " adopting and extending " PHP ;-) .
I think this will be a great way for folks to migrate to a Java solution , but I do not think that we 'll be seeing this in the wild from generic PHP hosting providers any time soon .
Simply put , while it 's great that Resin can run PHP ( and Cold Fusion , for that matter ) , the Apache / PHP process model is a much safer system from a " general public , idiot user accidently DoSing the system " point of view .
But it 's about time this happened .
I always thought it was a smart move when ColdFusion jumped on the JVM , and I did n't see much of a reason why PHP could n't have done the same thing .
The nice thing about this is that it will ( ideally ) let PHP application integrate much more smoothly with Java systems , and will let those who may feel " trapped " by PHP have a way out into the broader world that is Java .
Reply to this Reply to original
Caucho Resin adds PHP
Go to top ]
Posted by : Lars Stitz
Posted on : December 20 2005 03:53 EST
in response to Cameron Purdy Point is that it's not " killing " anything , it 's just broadening the range of choices available for running these applications .
My point exactly .
And if we broaden the term " these applications " to mean web applications in general , it is easy to see that tools like Ruby on Rails are not killing Java , but are just adding to the list of available technologies that a web developer can use to do his job .
I , for one , welcome any of our new web development tools that bring fresh ideas .
( Call me pro-choice , if you like . )
However , it is natural that too many choices will confuse some developers , or even frighten them -- add the FUD that TheServerSide spreads with their reoccuring " Is [ technology X ] killing Java ? " posts and you 'll have the liveliest " discussions " ...
Good for the ad sales revenue , I guess .
Please note :
That a new tool is offered does not mean that the tools you use are obsolete now .
Just my two cents , Lars :-)
My point exactly .
And if we broaden the term " these applications " to mean web applications in general , it is easy to see that tools like Ruby on Rails arekilling Java , but are just adding to the list of available technologies that a web developer can use to do his job .
I , for one , welcome any of our new web development tools that bring fresh ideas .
( Call me pro-choice , if you like . )
However , it is natural that too many choices will confuse some developers , or even frighten them -- add the FUD that TheServerSide spreads with their reoccuring " Is [ technology X ] killing Java ? " posts and you 'll have the liveliest " discussions " ...
Good for the ad sales revenue , I guess .
Please note :
That a new tool is offered does not mean that the tools you use are obsolete now .
Just my two cents , Lars :-)
Reply to this Reply to original
Cool , but benchmarks ?
Go to top ]
Posted by : Aapo Laakkonen
Posted on : December 20 2005 05:23 EST
in response to Steve Lewis From what I understand , PHP can't run on Apache 2 yet .
It 's not multi- threaded capable yet .
PHP is , but not all it's 3rd party modules are and I doubt they never will ( maybe they are not developed anymore ) .
PHP team does not have any responsibility on modules provided by 3rd parties ( and they do no officially support them ) .
More from here :
So the options for Apache2 is to run it with PREFORK MPM ( that is not multithreaded MPM and performs better that for eg. worker mpm that is threaded in single processor machines ) .
Or you can run Apache2 threaded and use FastCGI module to execute PHP .
I 'm not sure where this 6 x performance gain was taken , but I think we need more information to justify this .
I do know that bytecode compiled java code is most propably faster than evaluated PHP .
Did you use PHP bytecode cache ( that is used in all reasonable PHP configurations ) , eg. PECL / APC , eaccelerator etc ?
Roadsend has gone even further than Caucho by compiling PHP to nativecode :
There is also PHP -> MS .NET
Compiler that is also kinda fast :
You * could * use it , but it would n't be completely threadsafe .
I have been running mod_php on Apache 2 on both Worker MPM and Prefork MPM for over two years and I have not had a single crash because of PHP ( but officially PHP team is still recommending Prefork MPM on Apache 2 installations that is perfectly fine for me .
As I have said threading is not always better than multiple processes ( eg. preforking ) .
So odds are they are experiencing a lot of speedup just from having the ability to run inside a multithreaded JVM .
Steve
No , that is not the point .
multithreading has nothing to do with this said performance boost .
The whole point is that caucho is compiling PHP code to JVM bytecode ( native Java code ) .
Byte code is most definately faster to execute ( even in slow JVM implementation ) than parsing / evaluating PHP scripts on the fly .
But as I said PHP has also these so called bytecode caches that compile PHP pages on background to their native bytecodes ( eg. eaccelerator , pecl / apc , zend accelerator , etc. ) .
I do not know did caucho use these when they did they tests against mod_php ( if not , I do not think that this it 's fair to compare the two ) .
PHP is , but not all it's 3rd party modules are and I doubt they never will ( maybe they are not developed anymore ) .
PHP team does not have any responsibility on modules provided by 3rd parties ( and they do no officially support them ) .
More from here : http://www.php.net/manual/en/install.unix.apache2.php.and here : http://www.php.net/manual/en/faq.installation.php#faq.installation.apache2
So the options for Apache2 is to run it with PREFORK MPM ( that is not multithreaded MPM and performs better that for eg. worker mpm that is threaded in single processor machines ) .
Or you can run Apache2 threaded and use FastCGI module to execute PHP .
I 'm not sure where this 6 x performance gain was taken , but I think we need more information to justify this .
I do know that bytecode compiled java code is most propably faster than evaluated PHP .
Did you use PHP bytecode cache ( that is used in all reasonable PHP configurations ) , eg. PECL / APC , eaccelerator etc ?
Roadsend has gone even further than Caucho by compiling PHP to nativecode : http://www.roadsend.com/home/index.php?pageID=compiler
There is also PHP -> MS .NET
Compiler that is also kinda fast : http://www.php-compiler.net/
I have been running mod_php on Apache 2 on both Worker MPM and Prefork MPM for over two years and I have not had a single crash because of PHP ( but officially PHP team is still recommending Prefork MPM on Apache 2 installations that is perfectly fine for me .
As I have said threading is not always better than multiple processes ( eg. preforking ) .
No , that is not the point .
multithreading has nothing to do with this said performance boost .
The whole point is that caucho is compiling PHP code to JVM bytecode ( native Java code ) .
Byte code is most definately faster to execute ( even in slow JVM implementation ) than parsing / evaluating PHP scripts on the fly .
But as I said PHP has also these so called bytecode caches that compile PHP pages on background to their native bytecodes ( eg. eaccelerator , pecl / apc , zend accelerator , etc. ) .
I do not know did caucho use these when they did they tests against mod_php ( if not , I do not think that this it 's fair to compare the two ) .
Reply to this Reply to original
Cool , but benchmarks ?
Go to top ]
Posted by : Cameron Purdy
Posted on : December 20 2005 11:51 EST
in response to Aapo Laakkonen
I think you are missing something here .
You say :
Roadsend has gone even further than Caucho by compiling PHP to nativecode
.. and ..
The whole point is that caucho is compiling PHP code to JVM bytecode ( native Java code ) .
Byte code is most definately faster to execute ( even in slow JVM implementation ) than parsing / evaluating PHP scripts on the fly .
But as I said PHP has also these so called bytecode caches that compile PHP pages on background to their native bytecodes ( eg. eaccelerator , pecl / apc , zend accelerator , etc. ) .
The point is actually that Java byte codes are native code , because all JVMs today that are being used in server environments will dynamically ( either JIT or adaptively ) compile the byte codes to native machine code .
For most applications , " Java byte code " is now as fast as C code built with an optimizing compiler .
That means that PHP running on Caucho is not just " being compiled to byte codes " , but is actually " being compiled to native machine code " , which is pretty quick .
Further , even if a different approach compiled to native code , Java would still likely be significantly faster , because ( at this current point in time ) JVMs have the best performance of any of the various high level languages that support JIT technology .
The two main reasons why this is so is that the major hardware companies ( Intel , Sun , IBM ) have focused for the past ten years on making it so , and Java byte codes themselves are a decent match for machine code , so there are few major inefficiencies in the translation .
( For the same reason , C used to be called " assembly with macros " , since its supposedly high - level constructs were already well known to assembly programmers , and most had 1:1 translations to assembly . )
Peace ,
Cameron Purdy
: The Java Data Grid Aapo , I think you are missing something here .
You say :.. and .. The point is actually that Java byte codesnative code , because all JVMs today that are being used in server environments will dynamically ( either JIT or adaptively ) compile the byte codes to native machine code .
For most applications , " Java byte code " is now as fast as C code built with an optimizing compiler .
That means that PHP running on Caucho is not just " being compiled to byte codes " , but is actually " being compiled to native machine code " , which is pretty quick .
Further , even if a different approach compiled to native code , Java would still likely be significantly faster , because ( at this current point in time ) JVMs have the best performance of any of the various high level languages that support JIT technology .
The two main reasons why this is so is that the major hardware companies ( Intel , Sun , IBM ) have focused for the past ten years on making it so , and Java byte codes themselves are a decent match for machine code , so there are few major inefficiencies in the translation .
( For the same reason , C used to be called " assembly with macros " , since its supposedly high - level constructs were already well known to assembly programmers , and most had 1:1 translations to assembly . )
Peace , Cameron Purdy Tangosol Coherence : The Java Data Grid Reply to this Reply to original
Cool , but benchmarks ?
Go to top ]
Posted by : Aapo Laakkonen
Posted on : December 20 2005 18:34 EST
in response to Cameron Purdy Aapo , I think you are missing something here .
You say : Roadsend has gone even further than Caucho by compiling PHP to nativecode
The point is actually that Java byte codes are native code , because all JVMs today that are being used in server environments will dynamically ( either JIT or adaptively ) compile the byte codes to native machine code .
I know that , but I still do not consider java bytecode as native code because there is always the JVM .
I would propably consider Java bytecode as native code if JVM unloads itself after JITing .
But that is not happening .
And I said that roadsend has gone further than caucho .
Caucho is not compiling anything to native code ( JVM might do it ... but that depends on JVM ) .
They just turn PHP code to bytecode ( or maybe java source and use javac to compile to bytecode ) .
But you are correct that todays applications run inside jvm are usually comparable to their native counterparts in performance .
I have not seen many high end Java games , but on the server side Java seems to work as great as native code .
And thank you Cameron for clarifying the things I had forgotted or which I had given misinformation .
I know that , but I still do not consider java bytecode as native code because there is always the JVM .
I would propably consider Java bytecode as native code if JVM unloads itself after JITing .
But that is not happening .
And I said that roadsend has gone further than caucho .
Caucho is not compiling anything to native code ( JVM might do it ... but that depends on JVM ) .
They just turn PHP code to bytecode ( or maybe java source and use javac to compile to bytecode ) .
But you are correct that todays applications run inside jvm are usually comparable to their native counterparts in performance .
I have not seen many high end Java games , but on the server side Java seems to work as great as native code .
And thank you Cameron for clarifying the things I had forgotted or which I had given misinformation .
Reply to this Reply to original
Caucho Resin adds PHP
Go to top ]
Posted by : Mileta Cekovic
Posted on : December 19 2005 14:42 EST
in response to Cameron Purdy Apparently , the PHP pages are compiled in the background to byte - code , and the resulting performance is six times that of Apache mod_php !
This is just another proof that JVM itself ( either Sun , IBM or JRockit ) IS VERY FAST , and that various layers / abstractions in some ( not all ) Java APIs are introducing overhead and slowliness !
This is just another proof that JVM itself ( either Sun , IBM or JRockit ) IS VERY FAST , and that various layers / abstractions in some ( not all ) Java APIs are introducing overhead and slowliness !
Reply to this Reply to original
Does this version of Resin run ONLY on Java 1.5 ?
Go to top ]
Posted by : D H
Posted on : December 19 2005 15:52 EST
in response to Cameron Purdy OK , so I downloaded the latest Resin to try this out .
It refuses to run on Java 1.4.2 , and after downloading the source and checking it out , it does appear that the Quercus piece that provides PHP functionality was written using generics .
I have a bit of a bone to pick with this since the docs that come with resin state it should run on Java 1.4 or higher and say nothing about a requirement for Java 1.5 .
Something else a bit galling is that the examples given on their site , judging from the output that 's listed , give them impression that PHP support has been in for a couple of minor versions now ; the messages specially mention Resin 3.0.14 .
That is likewise a non-starter , as trying to drop back to that version yields zilch in the way of the inclusion of Quercus .
So ... for those who have tried this , am I just stuck short of moving to Java 1.5 ?
Reply to this Reply to original
