Orlando , Florida ( CNN ) --
A former astronaut who was accused of assaulting a romantic rival in the parking lot of the Orlando airport will avoid prison after pleading guilty to lesser charges as part of a plea agreement .
Citing Lisa Marie Nowak 's lack of a criminal history , Orange County Circuit Judge Marc Lubet sentenced her to a year of probation .
She was given credit for the two days she served in the county jail after her arrest .
Nowak , 46 , must also perform 50 hours of community service and have no contact with the victim in the case , former Air Force Capt .
Colleen Shipman .
She must also send Shipman a letter of apology within 10 days , " a sincere letter of apology , not one of these vanilla things that I see from other defendants , " Lubet told Nowak .
" It 's been almost three years since the events took place that caused this nightmare for Ms. Shipman , and you are 100 percent responsible . "
In addition , Nowak must complete an eight - hour anger management course within her first 30 days of probation , Lubet said .
Nowak told the judge she had undergone counseling for 1 ½ years and the counseling is complete , so the judge said he would not order more .
Lubet said he was treating Nowak as any defendant would be treated , saying he doubts any judge would send a defendant to prison on a first offense .
Shipman delivered an emotional victim statement before Nowak 's sentencing , telling the court she remains convinced Nowak planned to kill her .
" Shortly after I turned 30 years old , Lisa Nowak hunted me down and attacked me in a dark parking lot , " she said , adding that she is " still reeling from her vicious attack " and attempting to piece her life back together .
" The world as I knew it before Lisa Nowak is gone , " Shipman said .
" Every stranger I see is a potential attacker .
Going out in public is exhausting . "
She said she has undergone nearly three years of counseling , but suffers from nightmares , anxiety and health problems such as high blood pressure and chest pains because of the incident .
Nowak initially was charged with attempted kidnapping with intent to inflict bodily harm , battery and burglary of a vehicle using a weapon .
If convicted , she could have faced a sentence of up to life in prison .
Prosecutors accused Nowak of driving nearly 900 miles from Houston , Texas , to Orlando -- wearing NASA diapers to cut down on the number of stops she needed to make -- and donning a disguise before following Shipman from the airport 's baggage claim to the parking lot in February 2007 .
Nowak 's attorney , Don Lykkebak , has denied that she wore the diapers .
Nowak has said she went to the airport to talk to Shipman , who had begun dating Nowak 's former love interest , Navy Cmdr. Bill Oefelein .
But Shipman , in her comments Tuesday , called that claim " at best , ridiculous , " saying that Nowak , whom she did not know , had ample opportunity to talk to her , as she " stealthily followed me for hours . "
" I'm a very friendly person , your honor , " Shipman said , adding that she would have welcomed Nowak 's company " over some hot chocolate , while I was waiting for my suitcase to arrive . "
She recounted the incident and her terror as she realized Nowak was following her in the dark parking lot , as she could hear the swishing of Nowak 's pants as she walked .
She said she sprinted to her car , and Nowak attempted to open the car door and beat on her window , then spun a tale of being a helpless traveler who was afraid of being in a dark parking lot .
Shipman said she cracked her window , and Nowak sprayed her in the face with pepper spray .
" She blasted me with what felt like acid , " Shipman said . " ... I stomped on the gas and wondered if there was a gun pointed at my head . "
At a hearing in November 2007 , Orlando Police Detective William Becton testified that in a search of Nowak 's car , he found maps showing how to reach the airport and its layout , a buck knife and papers , including a letter Nowak appeared to have written to Oefelein 's mother .
He testified he found used and clean diapers in the car .
Police previously had said they also found a BB gun , a steel mallet , a 4 - inch knife and rubber tubing in the vehicle .
Shipman said Tuesday she thought she had escaped a carjacking .
" I had no idea that a highly paid , high - ranking military officer had just attacked me . "
When she found out she had been attacked by a " sister in arms , " she said , she was heartbroken .
Shipman said the resulting media attention and scrutiny has placed additional stress on her and her family .
Before sentencing , Nowak turned to Shipman and apologized .
" I am sincerely sorry for causing fear and misunderstanding and all of the intense public exposure that you have suffered , " Nowak said .
" I hope very much that we can all move forward from this with privacy and peace . "
Lubet said he accepted her apology as sincere , but in sentencing her he noted that he was certain her conviction would affect her Navy career and retirement .
Still , the judge told Nowak , " you brought this on yourself , and I do n't have any sympathy for you in that respect . "
Shipman has left the military and Oefelein has left the astronaut corps , and the two live in Anchorage , Alaska , where they run a company called Adventure Write as freelance writers and photographers .
People.com reported in July the two were engaged .
Lubet also ordered Nowak to stay away from Oefelein after Shipman alleged in her remarks she found a book with suggestive notes inside that Nowak had sent Oefelein after the incident despite a no - contact order .
" No books , no messages , no poems , nothing , " Lubet said .
" It 's not a problem , " Nowak responded .
CNN 's John Couwels contributed to this report .
Arriving at work recently , San Francisco police officer Nicole Jones was confronted with something unfamiliar : an email message .
The email was prosaic , containing a daily newsletter update from her station captain .
But the email was unusual because it was the first one Ms. Jones received in her new San Francisco Police Department email account .
" No one ever mentioned being able to have an email address from the time I started " two years ago because the department did n't give email accounts then , said the 27 - year - old , who works ...
Abuses in Iran Journalist Held without Charge in Notorious Tehran Prison
Fariba Pajooh has been held in Tehran 's notorious Evin Prison since she was arrested in August , with no access to an attorney .
No charges have been filed against the Iranian journalist .
For Leo Tolstoy and his extended household , diaries were an early version of Facebook .
Everyone had his or her own page , and most people were fanatical recorders of their own feelings .
The great man himself kept voluminous diaries , making entries almost to the day of his death .
His doctor , his secretary , his disciples , his children , and – most of all – his wife also kept journals .
Of these , the greatest diarist of them all was Sofia , the Countess Tolstoy .
She began keeping diaries at 16 but did so avidly after 1862 , when she married Tolstoy .
She never stopped writing in her journal until her death in 1919 , as the Bolshevik revolution threatened to overwhelm Yasnaya Polyana , the 4,000 - acre estate where she had lived for more than half a century .
" There was a meeting to decide how best to defend Yasnaya Polyana against looting , " she writes in her final entry .
" Nothing has yet been decided .
Carts , oxen and people are streaming down the highway to Tula . "
History , as it were , threatened to destroy everything she loved .
Tolstoy was of noble lineage , with a large estate and many celebrated books to his name .
He had travelled widely in the west , and gambling and whoring were particular obsessions .
Yet he seemed willing , even eager , to settle down with an innocent girl of 19 , who eventually bore him 13 children , helped him in his work ( she personally copied out War and Peace as well as Anna Karenina many times ) , and supervised a complex estate .
It was a wild ride for Sofia , but she proved equal to the task .
Her husband appreciated her intelligence , and she loved not only him but his reputation .
It seemed , to her , a privilege to live in proximity to a man whose fame grew exponentially as he aged .
The problem was that Tolstoy shifted gears dramatically in midlife , becoming a religious guru , turning his back on fiction .
He evolved into a kind of saint , attracting disciples from around the world ( including Gandhi ) .
He shaped his own version of Christianity , discounting its miraculous aspects .
Worse , from Sofia 's viewpoint , he threatened to give away all his property , including the copyright to his work , to the Russian people .
A psychodrama emerged , with Sofia battling Tolstoy 's disciples for access to his soul .
Her diaries become increasingly frenzied in the 1880s and 90s , and the last decade of Tolstoy 's life ( 1900 - 1910 ) makes for harrowing reading , as in this entry for 19 November 1903 :
I went to [ my husband 's ] room this evening as he was getting ready for bed , and realised I never hear a single word of comfort or kindness from him nowadays .
What I predicted indeed has come true : my passionate husband has died , and since he was never a friend to me , how could he be one to me now ?
This life is not for me .
There is nowhere for me to put my energy and passion for life ; no contact with people , no art , no work – nothing but total loneliness all day .
She sees herself as surrounded by " the raving of lunatics " .
All the talk around her was of celibacy , vegetarianism , and political resistance .
Her husband had become his followers , and they crowded around , camping outside the manor house , pestering for interviews , taking photographs , telling the whole world that Sofia and Leo Tolstoy were at odds .
She wondered if other people really needed to know her private business .
One reads the earlier diaries with a sense of nostalgia for a lost world .
On 4 October 1878 , she wrote :
My daughter Tanya 's fourteenth birthday .
As soon as I got up I walked to the little plantation where the children were having a picnic . . .
There were four bonfires . . .
We had enormous fun and ate a lot , and we had magnificent weather .
We got home and were just starting a game of croquet when what should we see but a procession of horses and donkeys filing along our " prospect " . . .
The children were tremendously excited and immediately rushed over , leapt on the donkeys and started riding about on them . . .
We drank Tanya 's health in champagne ; she blushed but was very pleased .
Life among the Tolstoys was good ( one can find out who the characters are in these entries by searching the excellent footnotes provided by translator Cathy Porter ) .
It consisted of dinner parties , teas , balls , picnics , hunting expeditions , concerts , theatrical outings ( opera was a particular interest for Sofia ) , and long walks or rides in the countryside .
Winters were usually spent in a townhouse in Moscow .
It was all very grand , and – eventually – the propensity for self - indulgence disgusted Tolstoy , and he rejected this life , surrounding himself with like - minded people .
For her part , Sofia could not stand her husband 's circle .
" What unattractive types Lev Nikolaevich 's followers are !
There is not one among them who is normal .
And most of the women are hysterics . "
He seems often very icy with her , as in this incident noted on 5 February 1895 .
She and her husband , whom she calls by the intimate name of Lyovochka , have gone out to shoot snipe :
Lyovochka was standing behind one tree . . . and I asked him why he did n't write anymore .
And he stooped down , looked around in a rather comical way and said , " Nobody can hear us but the trees I think , my dear . "
( He called every­ one " my dear " as he got older . )
" So I shall tell you .
You see , before I write something new I need to be inflamed by love – and that 's all over now ! "
" What a shame ! " I said , adding as a joke " You can fall in love with me if you like , then you could write something ! "
" No , it 's too late ! " he said .
As one quickly sees , Sofia was herself a gifted writer .
Without apparent effort , she draws countless portraits of her contemporaries , and it 's fascinating to get her view of Tolstoy 's encounters with such figures as Turgenev or Chekhov .
His large world passes before us in scene after scene .
And there is often a great deal of tension , as Tolstoy seemed always at odds with someone or something , including church and state .
Increasingly the Tolstoy estate became the centre of a movement that prefigured the revolution of 1917 .
Sofia did not approve , as she could see that many of his followers were using him for their own political ends .
She is often quite revolutionary in her own way , however , as on the subject of the rights of women : " I was wondering today why there were no women writers , artists or composers of genius , " she writes on 12 June 1898 .
" It 's because all the passion and abilities of an energetic woman are consumed by her family , love , her husband – and especially her children .
Her other abilities are not developed , they remain embryonic and atrophy .
When she has finished bearing and educating her children her artistic needs awaken , but by then it 's too late . "
It was certainly too late for Sofia .
A woman of intense feeling , a devoted wife and mother , someone who loved music and the arts , she had to contend with what she considered a gang of lunatics .
She watched her husband slipping away from her , and was left on her own when , at 5 am on 28 October 1910 , Tolstoy stole away from his beloved estate , leaving his wife of 48 years .
He would die in a tiny railway station some 80 miles from home , surrounded by his closest disciples , who refused Sofia entry when she tracked him down shortly before his death on 7 November .
The dramatic flight of Tolstoy at the end is a story of its own , largely ignored by Sofia in her diaries : she was too distraught to record the details .
But the hundreds of pages offered by Porter in this selection are testament to a great spirit , a woman who lived in terrifying proximity to one of the greatest writers of all time , and who understood exactly the high price she would have to pay for this privilege .
Jay Parini's novel about Tolstoy , The Last Station , is published by Canongate .
It is widely believed that you ca n’t prove a negative .
Some people even think that it is a law of logic — you ca n’t prove that Santa Claus , unicorns , the Loch Ness Monster , God , pink elephants , WMD in Iraq and Bigfoot do n’t exist .
This widespread belief is flatly , 100 % wrong .
In this little essay , I show precisely how one can prove a negative , to the same extent that one can prove anything at all .
Being at the mercy of developments in faraway places is perhaps the fate of small , remote islands like this one , the tip of an extinct volcano sticking out of the Indian Ocean , some 220 miles south of Indonesia and almost 1,000 miles away from mainland Australia .
The inhabited area can be covered in a quick drive , possibly from inside Christmas Island ’s one taxi .
The one movie theater  an outdoor amphitheater open for one weekly show on Saturday evenings  was recently offering “ Easy Virtue , ” released a year ago .
The few times a week a plane flew in and out , the airport became a place to socialize over beers or gossip .
People needed to know who was coming and who was going , one airport habitué named Faidal explained , though the island was so small that people would invariably run into one another on the street , at the one post office or at one of the two supermarkets .
With only a monthly community newspaper and a very slow Internet , messages were relayed by chalk on blackboards flanking the walls of a main roundabout .
“ Welcome home , Tanja , Chris & Poppy , ” read one .
“ For health reasons please do not feed Buddy , ” another warned cryptically , at least to the outsider unaware that Buddy was a mutt prone to wandering .
Image
The new immigration detention center .
Credit ... Kemal Jufri / Imaji for The New York Times
No one lived on Christmas Island until the discovery of phosphate drew the British here a little over a century ago .
Indentured workers from China and Malaysia followed .
After the island became Australian territory half a century ago , Australian managers who were paid Australian wages supervised Asian laborers paid Asian wages .
Managers lived in a leafy neighborhood called Silver City that was off limits to Asians , in a colonial - like system that was dismantled in 1980 following reforms pushed through by a new union .
“ At work , there was a European mess and an Asian mess , ” said Foo Kee Heng , an ethnic Chinese man who used to work in mining and is now deputy president of the Christmas Island shire .
Ethnic Chinese , who account for 60 percent of the population , and ethnic Malay , who account for 20 percent , are now Australian citizens ; whites make up the other 20 percent .
The collection ’s first story , “ Confido , ” immediately reminds us how beautifully Vonnegut wrote , and how judiciously he measured out his most lyrical sentences .
The first line : “ The Summer had died peacefully in its sleep , and Autumn , as soft - ­spoken executrix , was locking life up safely until Spring came to claim it . ”
The story involves an all - American mother of two and her husband , a lab assistant who dreams of inventing something that will change the world and the family ’s fortunes .
He comes home one day with a device that will do both , an earpiece that whispers highly personal suggestions in the ear of its owner .
The invention is instantly addictive , and surely it will sell in the millions — but is it good for you ?
Will it improve life on earth or simply make its inventor a fortune while hastening the demise of mankind ?
Image Kurt Vonnegut Credit ... © Jill Krementz .
All rights reserved .
The Vonnegut of “ Cat ’s Cradle ” might have offered a different answer from the one presented here .
The most surprising thing about nearly all of these stories is how simple and straightforward they are .
Vonnegut loved a good surprise ending , considered it an elementary virtue of storytelling — but most of the endings in “ Look at the Birdie ” are startling because they ’re straight - up happy .
Later in his career came the endings where worlds die , heroes are cut down by knaves , villains amble off unscathed .
Here , though , good and evil are clearly delineated , and the good guys always win .
The bad guys are fat cats , crooked cops , snake - oil salesmen and communism itself ( these stories were written in the 1950s ) .
The heroes are young , virtuous men and women of modest means and pure hearts who find a way to triumph each time , not by winning the lottery or ascending to the moneyed classes , but simply by doing the right thing .
In “ Ed Luby ’s Key Club , ” a married couple , Harve and Claire Elliot , come to a nightclub to celebrate their anniversary , as they have for 14 years .
They ’re turned away because the club has become an exclusive membership - only spot , with an actual golden key required to open the door .
Soon , through a quick and horrific series of events , Harve and Claire are arrested , thrown in jail and accused of murder .
As it happens , Ed Luby not only owns the nightclub , he owns the town — and the cops and judge , too .
Things look bleak for Harve and Claire , and the reader can be forgiven if he expects the couple to rot in prison , victims of a system where justice has a variable price tag .
Instead , there are action - ­packed twists and turns , a high - speed escape and , ultimately , justice .
In the collection ’s best and most nuanced story , “ King and Queen of the Universe , ” a wealthy young couple , Henry Davidson Merrill and Anne Lawson Heiler , walk through a city park at night , dressed up and feeling impervious to danger , entitled to all they ’ve been granted .
A desperate and disheveled man emerges from the shadows .
The couple recoil , assuming imminent violence .
But he does n’t want to rob them ; he wants to introduce them to his mother .
“ She ’d think you were the two most beautiful creatures she ever laid eyes on , ” the man , Stanley Karpinsky , says .
Turns out she emigrated from Poland and sacrificed every­thing to put Stanley through college and graduate school .
Now she ’s dying , and her son has amounted ( or so he thinks ) to nothing .
He wants Henry and Anne to come to his apartment and tell his mother he ’s invented a world - changing apparatus .
“ I ’ve got to be a big success tonight or never , ” he says .
The couple , improbably , agree .
The mother is “ speechless and radiant ” at the sight of these glittery people validating the work of her son .
She ’s about to pass away , content that her sacrifices were worth it , when Vonnegut provides the shocking twist that ’s a trademark of these early stories : “ Then the cops broke in . ”
Star Trek Online , the massively multi-player online role playing game by Cryptic Studios , is set to feature ship bridges which will allow gamers the ability to sit in their personal ship bridge and use it as a way to socialize with visiting captains from other ships and bridge officers .
Earlier in development , Cryptic Studios had decided against the feature but on reconsideration have decided to add it to provide a true Strek experience to “ Trekkie ” fans and the one ’s new to the Star Trek franchise .
Executive producer of Star Trek Online , Craig Zinkievich said ,
We did n’t want to have interiors at launch , we thought it was just a little bit too much .
We really wanted to make sure we delivered a really deep experience , but your bridge not being in the game , it really felt like a hole in the game , and it was just something that we had to put in .
The guys at Cryptic Studios have also released a boxart for the game which will be releasing simultaneously on the PC and Xbox 360 on February 2 , 2010 .
The Facebook page , which has since shut but ran from August until late last month , is part of a broader culture at the residential colleges that demeans women in a sexist and often sexually violent way , experts say .
The Herald has spoken to several women , also past and present residential college students , who have experienced sexual assault and attempted assaults on campus .
They say the privileged atmosphere of colleges , combined with a culture of binge drinking and few restraints on behaviour , mean most rapes go unreported .
Allegations include : * A young woman was raped at a college festival .
*
A college resident adviser had to use a master key to enter a room and stop a man from another residence continuing to rape a student .
* Another young woman was raped in her room .
*
Yet another was attacked after a party but managed to fight the man off and escape .
*
About 30 drunk , naked men broke into a college and surrounded a young woman , touching and taunting her .
Concerned with levels of binge drinking and the subsequent violence , the vice - chancellor of the University of Sydney , Michael Spence , convened a meeting of all the residential college leaders in May .
That meeting resulted in the development of a Liquor Accord between the university , colleges and other key players , including Newtown Police Local Area Command , although the document fails to mention sexual assault .
'' It is a delicate issue as the colleges are very closed communities - it is not the whole of the story about college life , but I do think that it is an issue , '' Dr Spence said .
He condemned the Facebook page , saying : '' It is in every way abhorrent and in every way at odds with what we are trying to achieve at the university ' ' .
The Reverend Canon Ivan Head , who has been the warden of St Paul 's College since 1995 , said he had no knowledge of the Facebook page before the Herald contacted him , describing it as ' ' directly contrary to stated college policies ' ' and acknowledging that '' this could be a site that encourages criminality ' ' .
He said he had received no complaints about the site .
'' College officers ... endeavour to listen to gender - based conflict or complaint[s ] with compassion , insight and the capacity to refer to relevant legal authorities , '' Dr Head wrote in a statement .
The outgoing master of Wesley College , the Reverend David Russell , was much more frank about the issues facing the university 's residential colleges , saying in his eight years in the role he had spoken to several female students who felt they had to leave college .
'' They say ' I just do n't feel safe . '''
For Mr Russell , '' this is a story that has to be told .
There is no question in my mind , women are seen as meat .
That is the awful , ugly truth of it . ''
The commander of the NSW Police sex crimes squad , Detective Superintendent John Kerlatec , said when operational , the Facebook page - tagged '' pro-rape , anti-consent ' ' - was '' inciting people to sexual violence ' ' .
'' This is the first occasion I have heard of a Facebook site being set up to promote , or publicise ... sexual assault or any other behaviour that is criminal behaviour . ''
In an environment where alcohol consumption was often at binge levels , men '' feel they can do anything , and the Facebook page would n't be helping , '' Supt Kerlatec said .
The Herald contacted the creator of the Facebook page , as well as some of its members , via Facebook , and invited them to explain their actions , but at the time of publication had yet to receive a response .
Loading '' It is fairly clear to me that if this culture remains , the colleges have responded poorly , '' said Karen Willis , manager of the Rape Crisis Centre .
Most of the momentum in the virtual goods market comes not from gifts but from social games , where people buy items to improve their performance in the game or just to build up a collection that will impress friends .
Unlike traditional games , social games are generally free , and the vast majority of players never spend any money .
In Zynga ’s games , less than 3 percent of players pay for something , said Mark Pincus , the chief executive of the company .
Players can also earn virtual currency by signing up for subscription services or installing pop-up advertising software .
But some social gaming companies have cut back on such offers after criticism that they were misleading and in some cases defrauding players .
Zynga says direct purchases of virtual currency and goods will account for most of its more than $ 100 million in revenue this year , and that the company is profitable .
Game creators talk openly about their strategies to make people pay for virtual goods : get them addicted , then steer them to purchases that speed up the pace of the game and help them succeed .
In FarmVille , for example , the tractors ’ gasoline tanks replenish themselves slowly over the course of a day .
Instead of waiting , players can pay to buy gas  something that might be considered cheating in more traditional games .
“ You put intentional friction in , and a small number of people who value their time and want to play at a faster pace can spend money , ” Mr. Pincus said .
Players of the games have competitive reasons to buy , too .
Wendy Pickering of Columbus , Ohio , plays Sorority Life , a game in which players create and dress groups of co-eds , and then , rather violently , pit them against one another until the most glamorous house wins .
She discovered very quickly , she said , that she would be trounced in every showdown if she did n’t have enough fashionable items .
For conservatives , it does n't matter what you say yesterday because there is always today and tomorrow , as far as the media are concerned .
Case in point : I called out Rudy Giuliani's liars ' take on the KSM trial that will take place in NY because in 2006 he praised the American justice system for prosecuting Moussaoui under George Bush .
If a conservative does it , it 's OK , but if a Dem does it -- it 's treasonous .
Stewart found some footage of Rudy going on TV in 2006 praising the trial to all the cable networks .
Then he sliced in Giuliani 's many Sunday show spots attacking Obama for the KSM trial .
We 're lucky to have Stewart .
The funny hits a high point when Samantha Bee pointed out the Geraldo Rivera was the " voice of reason ! "
How apropos for FOX .
Advertisements
Gone are the days of smoky newsrooms and journalists that are committed to facts .
They have been replaced by 24 hour cable news networks and right wing infotainers , who give partial treatment to GOP talking points and illogical rhetoric .
The result of this is that journalism being undermined by right wing media bias .
There once was a time when you could watch the morning and evening news and gain a real sense of what is happening in the world of politics .
Those were the days of Walter Cronkite , Tim Russert , and others like them .
You could actually trust the news you were receiving .
You could formulate your own opinions based on the facts .
Substance was actually mandatory .
Fact checking appeared to precede reporting .
Opinions were not relevant or promoted .
Tim Russert was known for his extensive and intense approach to research and he did this prior to relating the news story or interviewing a political figure .
It was considered the real test to getting the inside scoop on what the interview would be able to reveal and it scrutinized the truthfulness of the political figure .
Walter Cronkite was known for being trusted to consistently deliver the truth to his listening audience .
You could take that to the bank .
Taking pride in their journalistic credibility , these anchors reported the news the world needed to know and they did it without bias .
Advertisements
Watching the news today can be nauseating and poisonous to a person ’s sense of wellbeing .
For me , it ’s as if someone has put something in my food that did not belong there , and it makes me very ill .
And then I find out that there was n’t anything put into the meal of any substance and the ingredients had been recycled from a restaurant with a bad rating .
This is especially true of many of the cable news outlets .
You hear more opinions than actual facts .
Most of the networks supposedly attempt to bring all sides of a political view .
But because of the ratings war , the reporting has turned drastically away from journalism and gone full force toward capitalizing on sensationalism .
Lou Dobbs , who suddenly departed CNN , is an example of an opinion journalist .
His news stories were often based off sensation .
Who can point this out better than popular talk show host Jon Stewart ?
Here is his interview with Lou Dobbs :
Partial treatment has been given to the GOP talking points and illogical rhetoric .
They have been truly the party of NO .
So what do the networks report ?
They run the Republican talking points all day and all night .
Even if you do n’t watch much news , you are bound to get a dose before your day runs out .
The average person watching the news assumes that any political interview on the networks by GOP politicians or pundits must represent the truth or it would not be allowed .
CNN fact checkers with opposing information show up after the interviews have run again and again .
Very few people even see the fact checkers ’ results unless it is reporting on the Democrats missteps .
Now there are two news reporters that do n’t fall into this category , and I must give props where props are due .
Rachel Maddow and Keith Oberman of MSNBC , both do their research and do their best to report the facts and confront those who are obviously not being truthful .
They are not presenting their opinions as the news .
And Katie Couric should be applauded for THE interview with Sarah Palin .
She has been the only person who interviewed Palin to truly test her substance or lack thereof .
The Oprah Winfrey and Barabara Walters ’s interviews were not able to cut through the “ bull ” .
They were taken in by the celebrity and her non answer answers shedding very little light on the real Sarah Palin who is on a campaign for power and wealth in this country , while playing victim to the media as her substance .
There appears to be a campaign in place to embarrass , disrespect and weaken the Obama administration by the news networks by utilizing the PR messages of the GOP like Palin , Cheney , Beck , Dobbs , Joe Scarborough , Pat Buchanan , Right Wing Conservative Extremists , Tea Baggers , etc .
As an example , the news coverage of the healthcare Reform meetings in August was ridiculous .
It only confused the American audience who had legitimate health care concerns .
It was irresponsible journalism .
The good , the strengths and the accomplishments of this administration are not discussed with any real consistency .
It ’s not news worthy .
The disrespect shown to the highest office in the land is incredible .
It ’s ok , as Americans , to disagree with the administration ’s policies or to push for change .
It ’s ok to have anxiety about the deficit , the economy , or job loss .
But it is not ok to disrespect or deliberately embarrass the President , especially when Obama did not create the situations that we find ourselves in .
But he is responsible for trying to resolve them and that is what the nation , the news networks and journalists need to understand and have some patience and faith in our system that we have fought long and hard to uphold .
The Bush / Cheney administration was given eight years to nearly destroy all respect for this nation .
President Obama has been given less than a year to regain it .
Let us as American citizens press the news outlets and anchors for more truth and less sensationalism .
Many rules were broken by the previous administration .
How can they along with the main stream media afford to be so disrespectful of the President ?
We do n’t have to agree with the the President of the United States of America , but we must respect the highest office of the land .
If we do n’t , how do you expect any foreign government or news agency to do so ?
As bailed - out bankers celebrate the return of bonuses , life is not looking so rosy for 13 - year - old Kane Middleton and his hamster .
He has become one of the youngest workers to lose his job during the recession .
The teenager from Clophill , Bedford , has been made officially redundant from his paper round with no prospect of a payoff , leaving him short of money to spend on his pet hamster , Splodge .
Kane received his notice from Letterbox Direct in the post last week .
It read : " It is with considerable regret that we write to inform you that your contract of employment with Letterbox Direct will be terminated for reasons of redundancy with effect from 19 October .
" You will not be required to work your notice period and therefore this date will be your last date of employment within the company .
" We have fully assessed opportunities for redeployment within the company but there appears to be no suitable alternative jobs available at present . "
The letter assured Kane , who began his paper round in August , that the decision was nothing to do with the standard of his work but was " purely based on marketing data " .
He was paid between £ 6 and £ 7 a week to deliver the local freesheet , the Mid Beds Times & Citizen .
The letter said he would receive one week 's pay in lieu of notice , which amounted to £ 6.93 , but that his redundancy package would be nought weeks statutory redundancy equating to nought pounds .
" I was quite upset because I could n't buy anything for my hamster any more , " said Kane .
" I thought the letter was a bit strange . "
His mother Jocelyn , 57 , a clerk in an electronics company , said the letter was " not the sort of language a child would understand " and her son would " have to come cap in hand " to his parents now .
A Letterbox Direct spokeswoman said it had done everything by the book .
" It does seem quite an extreme measure but that 's what you 've got to do these days . "
“ This is the first time a Nobel Peace Prize has been confiscated by national authorities , " Norwegian foreign minister Jonas Gahr Store said in a statement posted to his agency 's website .
" The medal and the diploma have been removed from Dr. Ebadi ’s bank box , together with other personal items .
Such an act leaves us feeling shock and disbelief . ”
Outraged officials in Oslo say the incident is unprecedented and has sent shock waves through the Norwegian foreign ministry .
Less than a year after authorities stormed the offices of Iranian human - rights lawyer Shirin Ebadi , taking sensitive documents and her computer , unidentified authorities have now allegedly taken the Nobel Peace Prize medal and diploma from Ebadi 's bank safety deposit box , said officials in Norway , which administers the prize .
Ebadi was awarded the prestigious prize in 2003 for her many years of legal work advocating on behalf of Iranian political activists , religious and ethnic minorities , women and children .
She was the first Iranian to win the prize .
But intimidation and harassment from Iranian authorities have become a part of everyday life for Ebadi .
She has had her home vandalized , apparently by members of hard - line political groups close to the government , had her office raided and shut down by police , and has received scores of death threats .
But the latest incident was just too much for the Norwegians , who summoned the Iranian charge d'affaires in Oslo to a meeting Wednesday with Norwegian State Secretary Gry Larsen .
Larsen voiced her strong opposition to the confiscation of Ebadi 's prize .
Foreign Minister Store added that Norway from now on will keep an extra close eye on events in Iran .
" During the meeting with the Iranian chargé d’affaires , " he said , " we made it clear that Norway will continue to engage in international efforts to protect human - rights defenders and will follow the situation in Iran closely . "
Ragnhild Imerslund , of the Norwegian foreign ministry , told The Times in a telephone interview that although she had no detailed information regarding the circumstances surrounding the confiscation , she believed it took place " a week ago or so . "
In its statement , the Norwegian foreign ministry also expressed concern over the treatment of Ebadi 's husband by Iranian authorities .
They say his pension is not being paid and that his bank account has been frozen .
He also was detained in Tehran earlier this fall and subsequently beaten , they said .
-- Alexandra Sandels in Beirut
Photo : Shirin Ebadi in front of her office in Tehran with colleagues .
Credit : EPA
A network of individuals , independent and alternative media activists and organisations , offering grassroots , non-corporate , non-commercial coverage of important social and political issues .
Thodoros Iliopoulos :
An interview
The interview that follows was conducted by Ntina Daskalopoulou and published in an Athens daily this morning .
It is translated and posted here as is : with no comments , additions or explanations – none is needed .
After 36 days on hunger strike , Thodoros ’ words are crystal clear .
In his face , the State has found an enemy to unleash all its revanchist rage , some rage in reality directed against an ever - growing current of disobedience , resistance and solidarity .
As long as there are people like Thodoros standing up to the wrath of the State , the next December will always be close .
In the struggle against their order , Thodoros is not alone — trans .
- Thodoros Iliopoulos
Eight months in pre-trial detention for December ’s events , the last one also on hunger strike .
His anticipated release in July never came , the theatre of the absurd of the charges against him continued and Thodoris remains incarcerated .
But a fighter .
This time , his “ weapon ” is his own body .
He spoke to us over the phone from the prison of Korydallos .
From there he sees the revanchist face of the State , that Greece of violence and repression but also another Greece of the restless youth , of the faith in ideals .
Insisting on his innocence and his own beliefs .
Paying dearly for both .
I hear his voice with intermissions from the loudspeakers blasting orders to the prisoners of Korydallos .
He is extremely polite , low - pitched , strong within his weakness .
Now fragile , but determined , in the middle of August , the month with no news , he fights the struggle for his freedom with the only weapon he has left :
His own body .
For more than one month now ( trans : 36 days ) , the only remaining prisoner of December is on hunger strike .
Despite having lost 12 kilos , having low pressure and suffering hypoglycaemic shocks , and although his doctors insist that he can now suffer irreversible damages , the prison administration refuses to transfer him to hospital .
Thodoris Iliopoulos declares his innocence .
A hostage .
- The state prosecutes you for legal offenses , felonies and misdemeanors , and considers you so dangerous that will not release you under restrictive terms .
How do you feel about this ?
“ From December 18 I found myself being a protagonist in this theatre of the absurd .
They arrested me together with others en mass , as I was walking down Akadimias Street with some friends .
Five riot police units surrounded around ten of us .
I started running and two of them caught up with me , they threw me on the pavement and started kicking me in the head , screaming “ now you ’ll see what will happen to you ” .
I had no idea what would happen to me .
Finally , what happened was that I found myself charged with three felonies .
According to the inquisitor , at the moment of my arrest I was outside the Law School throwing molotov cocktails .
The only witness account existing of this is that of the two riot police who arrested me .
When the inquisitor asked them if they would recognise me on the street and they responded positively , she put up her finger , showed me and said , “ is it him ? ”
She exposed me herself !
Of course , the riot police … recognised me .
From that point on they wo n’t release me because in reality they need me as hostage .
From the arrested only a few took a stance for December .
I ’m not saying they were obliged to .
I took a stance and I am faced with the State ’s reprisal .
- How did you experience the December events ?
“ My dad is on his final days and he is suffering from altsheimer and my mom is 83 years old and cannot look after him .
For this reason I only made it to the streets twice , unfortunately .
It was a very good opportunity to discuss and to think , to offer solutions , to exchange ideas .
Some , with dubious interests , read the events with crocodile tears , they weep for the disaster and the destruction .
And yet December gave birth to a different way of thinking and most importantly , it took kids away from their playstations and internet cafes .
It is naive and unfair to say that the kids took to the streets only to ease their rage .
They were claiming their ideals and their dreams ” .
- What was your stance toward the State and what is it now ?
“ If I tell you , they ’ll throw me in jail for life … I ’m kidding .
I do n’t want to assign any labels to myself , like anarchist or anti-authoritarian .
I am a visionary of direct democracy , of deciding and acting together .
During my teen years I was fascinated by the philosophy of anarchism from Zenon to the cynics and all the way to Enrico Malatesta .
Even today , I remain fascinated by these .
I am struggling for a different world .
Not with molotovs and stones , but with ideas and texts .
I am not the first nor the last to which the state shows its revanchist face .
What bothers them , what they repress is not my action , but my stance and my ideas .
They charged me with fabricated charges , they ignored the proofs I submitted of my innocence .
The issue , for the state , is that I insist on thinking .
And I think differently .
In this sense , tomorrow morning you – or anyone else – could find yourself in my position ” .
- Do you now fear the country called Greece ?
“ No .
It is frightening to walk down Akadimias street and then to find yourself locked up in a cell for months , but I have such a great desire to live that I am not afraid .
And also , beyond the Greece of repression and violence , I also see another Greece , that of a restless youth , solidarity , faith in beliefs ” .
- Why did you chose the hunger strike ?
“ When anyone commences a hunger strike , they should normally be examined by a dentist – it is the teeth that get damaged first – and a psychiatrist to prove that s/he is not suicidal .
Although this did not happen in my case , I want to assure you that I am not suicidal , I do not at all want to die .
Neither do I want to suffer some irreversible damage that will leave me injured for the rest of my life .
Of course , as explained by my doctor , after the 30th day of hunger strike the really serious problems begin , as some of your vital organs can fail .
But really , I have no other option left .
My body is my ultimate weapon . ”
- Does the hunger strike flirt with death ?
“ Everything flirts with death .
If you are a migrant , a visit to the playground of Ayios Panteleimonas can automatically mean your death .
Or if you are a worker in a factory .
Or if you are a cyclist in the streets of Athens .
A hunger strike can bring you a few steps toward death , but closer to freedom .
As the foreigner that I am in the bosses ’ world , as a worker , as a cyclist , I never feared death .
As a hunger striker I live with the hope of liberation , not with the fear of death ” .
- You are in love , you were preparing for your release in July and a common house with your lover .
What do you two say now ?
“ We spend endless hours talking everyday , she writes to me and I write to her , we plan out our life .
We are very close , we face this as a team .
The prison limits the freedom of the body , not your soul .
Each time we hang up she tells me venceremos .
We are young , in love and have so many beautiful things to live together .
And we shall win ” .
- What dreams do you see ?
“ In the beginning I had nightmares .
With a daily struggle I managed not only to eject anything that could destroy me , but also to have dreams with power and joy .
I have chosen to live creatively this chapter in my life ” .
- What did you learn in prison ?
“ Every prison is a miniature of the society .
You see people convicted of financial crimes who are interested in doing business even here , all the way to child molesters .
But you also see innocents , people who had no money for a good lawyer or to pay their bail .
Before coming in here I was dogmatic about this , I thought that … it ’s the bad ones who are in prison .
Yet in here you are forced to understand that what is bad is subjective , to admit that anyone could be a potential murdered under given circumstances .
“ Everything is inside us .
In prison you learn new codes and , most importantly , to trust no - one .
And some ways that help your life .
Here you live with the absolute minimum .
What we consider rubbish outside , is useful here .
Who would ever know that in order to cover your bookshelves with a curtain you would use burnt ear buttons instead of glue ? ”
- How do your fellow prisoners treat you ?
“ Political prisoners were always treated with respect by the penal ones , although I do n’t want to make this distinction .
We are all imprisoned and we face the same problems .
We as well , even if we are political prisoners , face the penal code .
My fellow prisoners support me : Nikos Tsouvalakis went on hunger strike on the same day as me , in solidarity .
Other prisoners abstain from their meals .
Most of them support me with simple , everyday actions :
They visit me in my cell , they lend me books , they give up their place in the phone queue . ”
- What is your cell like ?
“ You are locked up 18 out of 24 hours in a space of maximum 8 square meters , together with another 3 prisoners .
The heating is insufficient .
Cockroaches and rats often make their appearance .
The toilets are in the basement with broken windows and cold water . ”
- The prisoners say your biggest enemy is time .
How do you spend your days ?
“ There is this theory in prison that the more you sleep , the faster you come out .
I think that the more you sleep , the less you live .
Now that I can no longer walk I read in the cell , I write , I paint , I listen to music , I make DIY constructions from cheap materials . ”
- What inspires you ?
“ The corridors , the prison bars and the barbed wire .
All this has put me in the process of creating another reality , comprised of words and paintings ” .
What would you tell the minister of justice if you saw him ?
“ I would read him a poem by poet Titos Patrikios :
I pluck the words one by one from my throat /
if they ooze blood / wrap them in your handkerchief /
wrap them in cotton /
or then maybe grab them with a clip and say /
“ he ’s only saying these , to make an impression ” /
Do what you want , /
but silence is not enough no more /
words are not enough no more /
I pluck the plain words , one by one /
and I send them to you . ”
- How do you dream of your life after prison ?
“ Plain in terms of living , rich in terms of thinking – and I also want us to have a kid that wo n’t ever leave me alone ! ”
- After all this grueling experience , would you take to the streets again ?
“ Of course .
With the only difference being that I will be absolutely ready to face any fixed - up charges .
After all , I always took to the streets with my face as my only hoodie . ”
“ I took a stance for December and I am now faced with the State ’s reprisal ” - Thodoros IliopoulosEight months in pre-trial detention for December ’s events , the last one also on hunger strike .
His anticipated release in July never came , the theatre of the absurd of the charges against him continued and Thodoris remains incarcerated .
But a fighter .
This time , his “ weapon ” is his own body .
He spoke to us over the phone from the prison of Korydallos .
From there he sees the revanchist face of the State , that Greece of violence and repression but also another Greece of the restless youth , of the faith in ideals .
Insisting on his innocence and his own beliefs .
Paying dearly for both .
I hear his voice with intermissions from the loudspeakers blasting orders to the prisoners of Korydallos .
He is extremely polite , low - pitched , strong within his weakness .
Now fragile , but determined , in the middle of August , the month with no news , he fights the struggle for his freedom with the only weapon he has left :
His own body .
For more than one month now ( trans : 36 days ) , the only remaining prisoner of December is on hunger strike .
Despite having lost 12 kilos , having low pressure and suffering hypoglycaemic shocks , and although his doctors insist that he can now suffer irreversible damages , the prison administration refuses to transfer him to hospital .
Thodoris Iliopoulos declares his innocence .
A hostage .-
The state prosecutes you for legal offenses , felonies and misdemeanors , and considers you so dangerous that will not release you under restrictive terms .
How do you feel about this ?
“ From December 18 I found myself being a protagonist in this theatre of the absurd .
They arrested me together with others en mass , as I was walking down Akadimias Street with some friends .
Five riot police units surrounded around ten of us .
I started running and two of them caught up with me , they threw me on the pavement and started kicking me in the head , screaming “ now you ’ll see what will happen to you ” .
I had no idea what would happen to me .
Finally , what happened was that I found myself charged with three felonies .
According to the inquisitor , at the moment of my arrest I was outside the Law School throwing molotov cocktails .
The only witness account existing of this is that of the two riot police who arrested me .
When the inquisitor asked them if they would recognise me on the street and they responded positively , she put up her finger , showed me and said , “ is it him ? ”
She exposed me herself !
Of course , the riot police … recognised me .
From that point on they wo n’t release me because in reality they need me as hostage .
From the arrested only a few took a stance for December .
I ’m not saying they were obliged to .
I took a stance and I am faced with the State ’s reprisal .-
How did you experience the December events ?
“ My dad is on his final days and he is suffering from altsheimer and my mom is 83 years old and cannot look after him .
For this reason I only made it to the streets twice , unfortunately .
It was a very good opportunity to discuss and to think , to offer solutions , to exchange ideas .
Some , with dubious interests , read the events with crocodile tears , they weep for the disaster and the destruction .
And yet December gave birth to a different way of thinking and most importantly , it took kids away from their playstations and internet cafes .
It is naive and unfair to say that the kids took to the streets only to ease their rage .
They were claiming their ideals and their dreams ” .-
What was your stance toward the State and what is it now ?
“ If I tell you , they ’ll throw me in jail for life … I ’m kidding .
I do n’t want to assign any labels to myself , like anarchist or anti-authoritarian .
I am a visionary of direct democracy , of deciding and acting together .
During my teen years I was fascinated by the philosophy of anarchism from Zenon to the cynics and all the way to Enrico Malatesta .
Even today , I remain fascinated by these .
I am struggling for a different world .
Not with molotovs and stones , but with ideas and texts .
I am not the first nor the last to which the state shows its revanchist face .
What bothers them , what they repress is not my action , but my stance and my ideas .
They charged me with fabricated charges , they ignored the proofs I submitted of my innocence .
The issue , for the state , is that I insist on thinking .
And I think differently .
In this sense , tomorrow morning you – or anyone else – could find yourself in my position ” .-
Do you now fear the country called Greece ?
“ No .
It is frightening to walk down Akadimias street and then to find yourself locked up in a cell for months , but I have such a great desire to live that I am not afraid .
And also , beyond the Greece of repression and violence , I also see another Greece , that of a restless youth , solidarity , faith in beliefs ” .-
Why did you chose the hunger strike ?
“ When anyone commences a hunger strike , they should normally be examined by a dentist – it is the teeth that get damaged first – and a psychiatrist to prove that s/he is not suicidal .
Although this did not happen in my case , I want to assure you that I am not suicidal , I do not at all want to die .
Neither do I want to suffer some irreversible damage that will leave me injured for the rest of my life .
Of course , as explained by my doctor , after the 30th day of hunger strike the really serious problems begin , as some of your vital organs can fail .
But really , I have no other option left .
My body is my ultimate weapon . ”-
Does the hunger strike flirt with death ?
“ Everything flirts with death .
If you are a migrant , a visit to the playground of Ayios Panteleimonas can automatically mean your death .
Or if you are a worker in a factory .
Or if you are a cyclist in the streets of Athens .
A hunger strike can bring you a few steps toward death , but closer to freedom .
As the foreigner that I am in the bosses ’ world , as a worker , as a cyclist , I never feared death .
As a hunger striker I live with the hope of liberation , not with the fear of death ” .-
You are in love , you were preparing for your release in July and a common house with your lover .
What do you two say now ?
“ We spend endless hours talking everyday , she writes to me and I write to her , we plan out our life .
We are very close , we face this as a team .
The prison limits the freedom of the body , not your soul .
Each time we hang up she tells me venceremos .
We are young , in love and have so many beautiful things to live together .
And we shall win ” .-
What dreams do you see ?
“ In the beginning I had nightmares .
With a daily struggle I managed not only to eject anything that could destroy me , but also to have dreams with power and joy .
I have chosen to live creatively this chapter in my life ” .-
What did you learn in prison ?
“ Every prison is a miniature of the society .
You see people convicted of financial crimes who are interested in doing business even here , all the way to child molesters .
But you also see innocents , people who had no money for a good lawyer or to pay their bail .
Before coming in here I was dogmatic about this , I thought that … it ’s the bad ones who are in prison .
Yet in here you are forced to understand that what is bad is subjective , to admit that anyone could be a potential murdered under given circumstances .
“ Everything is inside us .
In prison you learn new codes and , most importantly , to trust no - one .
And some ways that help your life .
Here you live with the absolute minimum .
What we consider rubbish outside , is useful here .
Who would ever know that in order to cover your bookshelves with a curtain you would use burnt ear buttons instead of glue ? ” -
How do your fellow prisoners treat you ?
“ Political prisoners were always treated with respect by the penal ones , although I do n’t want to make this distinction .
We are all imprisoned and we face the same problems .
We as well , even if we are political prisoners , face the penal code .
My fellow prisoners support me : Nikos Tsouvalakis went on hunger strike on the same day as me , in solidarity .
Other prisoners abstain from their meals .
Most of them support me with simple , everyday actions :
They visit me in my cell , they lend me books , they give up their place in the phone queue . ”-
What is your cell like ?
“ You are locked up 18 out of 24 hours in a space of maximum 8 square meters , together with another 3 prisoners .
The heating is insufficient .
Cockroaches and rats often make their appearance .
The toilets are in the basement with broken windows and cold water . ”-
The prisoners say your biggest enemy is time .
How do you spend your days ?
“ There is this theory in prison that the more you sleep , the faster you come out .
I think that the more you sleep , the less you live .
Now that I can no longer walk I read in the cell , I write , I paint , I listen to music , I make DIY constructions from cheap materials . ” -
What inspires you ?
“ The corridors , the prison bars and the barbed wire .
All this has put me in the process of creating another reality , comprised of words and paintings ” .
What would you tell the minister of justice if you saw him ?
“ I would read him a poem by poet Titos Patrikios : I pluck the words one by one from my throat / if they ooze blood / wrap them in your handkerchief / wrap them in cotton / or then maybe grab them with a clip and say / “ he ’s only saying these , to make an impression ” / Do what you want , / but silence is not enough no more / words are not enough no more / I pluck the plain words , one by one / and I send them to you . ” -
How do you dream of your life after prison ?
“ Plain in terms of living , rich in terms of thinking – and I also want us to have a kid that wo n’t ever leave me alone ! ”-
After all this grueling experience , would you take to the streets again ?
“ Of course .
With the only difference being that I will be absolutely ready to face any fixed - up charges .
After all , I always took to the streets with my face as my only hoodie . ” after the greek riots
Homepage : http://www.occupiedlondon.org/blog
Washington Post was Republicans are all atwitter that , between the Blue Dogs and the Democratic anti-choice fanatics their new best friend Bart Stupak ( D - MI ) has herded together , they 'll be able to stop the health care reform momentum and kill the bill .
This morning ' swas fanning the flames of false hope
House leaders were still negotiating Monday with the bloc of Democrats concerned about abortion provisions in the legislation , saying that they could lead to public funding of the procedure .
After an evening meeting of top House Democrats , Majority Leader Steny H. Hoyer ( Md. ) said , " We are making progress , " but added that they had not reached an agreement .
The outcome of those talks could be crucial in deciding the fate of the health - care bill .
Democrats need the vast majority of their caucus to back the bill , since nearly all congressional Republicans have said they will oppose the legislation .
" I will continue whipping my colleagues to oppose bringing the bill to the floor for a vote until a clean vote against public funding for abortion is allowed , " Rep. Bart Stupak ( D - Mich . ) said Monday in a statement .
He said last week that 40 Democrats could vote with him to oppose the legislation -- enough to derail the bill .
Nancy Keenan , president of NARAL Pro-Choice America , cast Stupak as " attempting to ban abortion coverage in the private insurance market . "
added to the Blue Dogs who oppose it ; they are the Blue Dogs who oppose it .
When Stupak and Lipinksi drafted a whiny letter to Nancy Pelosi crying about funding women 's health , they only wound up with 19 signatories : Dan Boren ( Blue Dog - OK ) , Bart Stupak ( D - MI ) , Collin Peterson ( Blue Dog - MN ) , Tim Holden ( Blue Dog - PA ) , Travis Childers ( Blue Dog - MS ) , Lincoln Davis ( Blue Dog - TN ) , Heath Shuler ( Blue Dog-NC ) , Solomon Ortiz ( D - TX ) , Mike McIntyre ( Blue Dog-NC ) , Jerry Costello ( D - IL ) , Gene Taylor ( Blue Dog - MS ) , James Oberstar ( D - MN ) , Bobby Bright ( Blue Dog - AL ) , Steve Driehaus ( D - OH ) , Marcy Kaptur ( D - OH ) , Charlie Melancon ( Blue Dog-LA ) , John Murtha ( D - PA ) , Paul Kanjorski ( D - PA ) and Kathleen Dahlkemper ( Blue Dog - PA ) .
Eleven of them are die - hard reactionary Blue Dogs who routinely vote with the GOP on many -- in some cases most -- substantive measures .
Gene Taylor , Bobby Bright , Travis Childers , Charlie Melancon , Heath Shuler and Dan Boren vote so consistently with the Republicans that they are The problem with Stupak 's math is that ( a ) he does n't really have 40 votes pledged to kill health care and ( b ) most of the ones he does have can't beto the Blue Dogs who oppose it ; theythe Blue Dogs who oppose it .
When Stupak and Lipinksi drafted a whiny letter to Nancy Pelosi crying about funding women 's health , they only wound up with 19 signatories : Dan Boren ( Blue Dog - OK ) , Bart Stupak ( D - MI ) , Collin Peterson ( Blue Dog - MN ) , Tim Holden ( Blue Dog - PA ) , Travis Childers ( Blue Dog - MS ) , Lincoln Davis ( Blue Dog - TN ) , Heath Shuler ( Blue Dog-NC ) , Solomon Ortiz ( D - TX ) , Mike McIntyre ( Blue Dog-NC ) , Jerry Costello ( D - IL ) , Gene Taylor ( Blue Dog - MS ) , James Oberstar ( D - MN ) , Bobby Bright ( Blue Dog - AL ) , Steve Driehaus ( D - OH ) , Marcy Kaptur ( D - OH ) , Charlie Melancon ( Blue Dog-LA ) , John Murtha ( D - PA ) , Paul Kanjorski ( D - PA ) and Kathleen Dahlkemper ( Blue Dog - PA ) .
Eleven of them are die - hard reactionary Blue Dogs who routinely vote with the GOP on many -- in some cases -- substantive measures .
Gene Taylor , Bobby Bright , Travis Childers , Charlie Melancon , Heath Shuler and Dan Boren vote so consistently with the Republicans that they are Boehner Boys
In past years Blue America would sometimes interview candidates who would present themselves as progressives and somehow neglect to tell us that they would join the Blue Dog caucus and vote against progressive legislation on a regular basis .
Chris Carney was the worst of the slimy and deceitful candidates to have done that , but Patrick Murphy , Kirsten Gillibrand and Mike Arcuri all presented themselves as being far more progressive as candidates than they turned out as Congress members .
These days we ask for an explicit promise , taped , before we endorse anyone that they are not now , nor will they ever be , a Blue Dog .
Sometimes we run into confused candidates who do n't understand what the Blue Dogs are .
Palm Springs Mayor Steve Pougnet looks like a great candidate on paper .
He certainly supports women 's right to choice .
And as for gay equality , he 's married to a man and they have two children .
But when I asked him about the Blue Dogs , he hedged .
He likes them .
Even after I pointed out that the only Democrats who opposed the hate crimes bill were all slimy Blue Dogs , he still could n't promise he would n't join their caucus .
I still hope he beats Mary Bono - Mack , but he wo n't be getting any endorsement or contributions from Blue America for his efforts .
For Blue America , supporting a woman 's right to choice is nonnegotiable .
Last January -- long before Michael Moore stumbled onto her and made her a heroine of his latest film -- we applauded Ohio Congresswoman Marcy Kaptur for her powerful populist message about illegal foreclosures by slimy banksters .
More recently we have included Kaptur in our list of the 32 Democratic heroes who voted against Obama 's war supplemental in June .
But when people started getting wildly enthusiastic about her and yelling and screaming that she should be president , I asked them if they were aware that she 's an anti-choice Democrat .
It goes beyond just her religious convictions .
She uses her position in Congress to try to impose her beliefs on all the women in America .
She 's good on almost every single issue that comes up -- better than most Democrats , in fact , but when it comes to choice , she 's no better than Michele Bachmann , Mean Jean Schmidt or Virginia Foxx .
And she did sign on to the Stupak - Lipinski letter .
Would she vote with the Republicans against health care reform because of her anti-choice mania ?
There are 75,000 uninsured people in her Lake Erie district centered on Toledo and stretching all the way to Lorain and Oberlin .
Around 56,000 will be covered if the bill passes .
And around 12,400 small businesses in the district could qualify for tax credits of up to 50 % of the costs of providing health insurance for their employees .
Annually 7,600 seniors in Kaptur 's district fall into the Part D doughnut hole .
The bill she 's threatening to block would rescue them .
I can't believe if push comes to shove she 's going to side with John Boehner , Eric Cantor , Michele Bachmann , Bart Stupak and the Boehner Boys against her own constituents .
Can you ?
Watch Marcy Kaptur with Bill Moyers last month :
UPDATE : Stupak 's Legions Come Out Of The Closet
Here 's the full list of the anti-choice Democrats who are voting against allowing a vote on the health care bill unless women 's choice is explicitly denied :
Jason Altmire ( Blue Bog - PA )
John Barrow ( Blue Bog - GA )
Dan Boren ( Blue Bog - OK )
Bobby Bright ( Blue Bog - AL )
Chris Carney ( Blue Bog - PA )
Travis Childers ( Blue Bog - MS )
Jerry Costello ( D - IL )
Kathy Dahlkemper ( Blue Dog - PA )
Artur Davis ( D - IL )
Lincoln Davis ( Blue Dog -TN )
Steve Driehaus ( D - OH )
Parker Griffith ( Blue Dog - AL )
Tim Holden ( Blue Dog - PA )
Dale Kildee ( D - MI )
Frank Kratovil ( Blue Dog-MD )
Dan Lipinski ( D - IL / TN )
Jim Marshall ( Blue Dog -GA )
Jim Matheson ( Blue Dog - UT )
Mike McIntyre ( Blue Dog-NC )
Charlie Melancon ( Blue Dog-LA )
Michael McMahon ( D - NY )
Alan Mollohan ( D - WV )
Jim Oberstar ( D - MN )
Collin Peterson ( Blue Dog-MN )
Nick Rahall ( D - WV )
Mike Ross ( Blue Dog - AR )
Heath Shuler ( Blue Dog -NC )
John Tanner ( Blue Dog - TN )
Gene Taylor ( Blue Dog -MS )
Basically just a bunch of reactionary Blue Dogs who are opposed to health care reform regardless of choice issues .
And , of course , Marcy Kaptur has disassociated herself with these unsavory characters .
UPDATE : 2014
With the exceptions of Blue Dogs Dan Lipinski ( IL ) and Collin Peterson ( MN ) every person on the list above of Democrats from the Republican wing of their party has been defeated or forced to retire rather than face certain defeat ... and one died .
Lipinski and Peterson will be the only ones who will be back in Congress next year .
Although both should be primaried , Lipinski's seat is safely blue and if he 's beaten by a real Democrat , everyone will be better off .
The White House has declined to comment about the image
Google has apologised over a racially offensive image of Michelle Obama that appears when users search for images of the US first lady .
A doctored picture appears at the top of the list under a Google Image search for Mrs Obama .
Google placed a text ad above the image titled " Offensive Search Results " , which states : " Sometimes our search results can be offensive .
We agree . "
But it refused to take the image down from its search results .
The White House has declined to comment about the picture .
I get to play a government scientist on the internet .
As a result , a large part of my work involves being exposed to new and interesting technologies , whether they are the latest military simulators , academic papers delivered at scientific conferences , or product proposals being promoted by aspiring developers .
My sort of environmental scan is a bit different from what you 'll get from consultants and venture capitalists .
Do n't ask me what companies are developing what products , how industry stocks are performing , or where all the ' smart money ' is going .
I do n't know and I do n't care .
What I can tell you , though , is what technologies are working , what technologies are flopping , and what technologies are fads .
It 's practical , down - to - earth advice .
For example , if you are a technology developer , you already know that you should not try to build a new operating system , a new word processor , an online store or an auction site , for example .
These have ben built and have established a mainstream presence .
You would need thousands of engineers and billions of dollars to compete with them .
The rest of my advice is like that , only more nuanced .
It 's obvious to everyone that they should stay out of the operating system market , yet much less obvious that they should avoid building a new content management system .
It 's less obvious , because these things are harder to see , but it is none the less certain .
So , here is my advice on what not to build .
Actually , it 's a bit more than that : it 's a list of what not to build , a list of some things that people are working on now , some fads to avoid , and some indication of what 's out there for the taking , if you can get your act together in a hurry .
And what lies beyond that ?
The domain of real innovation and progress .
What Not To Build
Do n't build a destination website
People are still building destination websites .
They expect to build * the* location to find such and such .
It 's somewhat surprising to see in 2009 , given that every company , every school , every library , every museum , and every other organization , product , service and even many pets have websites .
Even if you have an original website idea , your site , unless it is * very * special ( like , say , the Dead Sea Scrolls ) will quickly be swamped by the noise and verbiage that is the web , your only traffic search engines and spammers .
Even if you have original content and original ideas , do n't just build a website .
Do n't build a CMS
Unless you have an established market of community and content web sites , you have no business building a content management system ( or , for that matter , a learning management system ) .
There is a wide range of choices for people out there , everything from Drupal to Blackboard to SiteScape .
And people looking for hosted content can use Blogger , WordPress or LiveJournal .
And even more to the point , basically every large scale operation that is going to want a content management system aready has one .
You will be facing tremendous competition as every new and existing client will be choosing from a range of well - funded commercial and open source products .
Do n't build a platform - specific app
2009 is likely to be a year in which everyone is building Facebook apps , Flickr apps , Twitter apps , iPhone apps and Second Life apps .
But this is a market you want to avoid .
For one thing , it is already saturated .
Indeed , any time something becomes popular these days , it is designated as ' a platform ' ( in homage to web 2.0 ) and a horde of app - builders descend upon it .
The platform remains popular for a while , but as it declines ( as it inevitably does ) it takes the entire set of platform - specific applications with it .
And you risk , a any moment , the platform proprietor building competition for your app and putting you out of business ( this applies to Android too , in case you 're wondering ) .
Do n't build a Java application
This is a bit of a special case of the preceding recommendation .
Java is the original ' platform ' application .
What that meant was that you had to have Java installed ( and , as time went by , the * right * version of Java installed ) .
Java has been around for ages now , and yet most computer users could count on one hand ( or , in many cases , zero hands ) the number of Java aplications they use .
The situation is a bit better now that Java is built into some operating systems .
But java 's day has come and gone - everybody is into the platform - building game now , and most have learned from Java 's mistakes .
Do n't build a framework
This is one of those bits of advice tat would not apply if you could actually do it - that is to say , if you * could * build a framework , then it may be worth doing , but for the most part , you probably can't .
It 's advice the Perl Parrot and Radaku projects should probably have heeded ages ago , advice the Ruby on Rails people should keep in mind today .
People involved in those perpetually running framework projects are tossing good money after bad .
Basically , if you are working in any well - known computer system - Microsoft , Java , Javascript , Python , whatever - a number of frameworks already exist .
Javascript , for example , supports a number of frameworks for doing web 2.0 stuff - JQuery , etc .
Now - you may say , the framework does n't do everything we want .
Maybe not .
But that 's not the lesson .
The lesson is , if a framework already exists in your domian , your domain has been commoditized .
Get out , get out now .
Do n't build an educational game
This bit of advice is pretty specific and probably does not apply to most people ( since most people would not dream of doing this in the first place ) .
But the question to ask yourself is , what is a game doing for you that a straight - forward presentation of the information is not ?
If it is specifically an * educational * game , the answer is , " nothing . "
You 're not getting new users , you 're not presenting material in any way that 's easier to understand , you 're not adding to motivation .
You 're simply disguising the old ' teach and test ' methodology as a game .
Nobody will be fooled well , except maybe purchasers of fad educational products .
Do n't build a new standard
People are still proposing to develop , or work on , new standards , be they metadata languages , vocabularies , application profiles , and the like .
back in the days when no standards existed , this may have been a good idea .
But today , the standards landscape is full .
There are standards for every domain under the sun .
Things that probably should not have standards - like carrier pigeon messages - have standards .
What 's worse , few of these standards projects made any effort to work with or cooperate with existing standards .
So the standards landscape is a mish - mash of convoluted over - engineered and competing standards .
Unless you absolutely have to , do n't add to this landscape .
Work with what 's there and extend it ( even if the rules say you can 't ) .
Do n't build a new social network
First we had several dozen social networking sites , like Friendster and Orkut and MySpace and Facebook .
These became platforms ( see above ) and then we had social network multiplier sites , like Ning .
And now ( so - called ) social network websites are multiplying like , well , websites .
These social network sites are nothing more than reworked mailing list sites ( like Yahoo Groups and Google Groups ) and content management sites .
And the blog - based social networking sites , like MyBlogLog , have already been commoditized .
The irony is , as he number of these social network sites increases , their usefulness decreases .
How many people are now refusing invitations from new social networks ?
Right - that would be everybody .
Do n't build a wiki
This is a special case of the social network site .
A wiki requires a community of people to work together to provide a common base of content or services .
In order for a wiki to work , the contributors have to massively outnumber the spammers and the griefers .
This works well if ( a ) the site is sufficiently massive , like Wikipedia , or ( b ) the site is sufficiently obscure .
The Wikipedia project could be duplicated a few times before the pool of potential contributors is sufficiently diluted .
That time has ling since passed .
Your wiki will be either ( a ) obscure , or ( b ) filled with spam .
Do n't build a travel site
This is another special case .
What it refers to is not the travel site specifically - though this market is saturated with the likes of Expedia - but the web services sites generally .
The ' travel site ' was always the paradigm example used to promote web services .
But , just as it would be foolish to try to build another travel site , so also it would be foolish to try to build most web services applications .
The point is , when you choreograph multiple applications , the market fills up very quickly .
One travel site , for example , basically has a lock on hotels , airlines and car rentals .
Web services sites are category killers , and most categories have already been killed .
What is there ?
Stuff everybody is working on
These are not things I would say you should avoid outright .
The market is not saturated , there is room for innovation , and new products will be appearing over the next few months .
But beware - a lot of people are already working on these things .
If you have to start from scratch , you will have a lot of difficulty catching up .
Your best bet right now is a niche play somewhere at the margins .
Alternative interfaces
Nintendo scored a huge hit last year with the alternative Wii interface and their success is drawing a lot of attention .
People are now looking at all sorts of ways to control a computer game or computer interface .
Webcam interfaces appeared a few years ago .
Motion - sensitive and orientation interfaces are featured on things like the iPhone .
I 've seen gesture - based interfaces ( with and without data gloves ) .
I played a game with a heart - beat monitor last summer .
And I 've even seen a game based on a brain - wave detector .
Portability / cloud / smart cards
Cloud computing has attracted so much attention recently that it's a candidate for fad status .
But behind the fad is a set of concepts that have legs - the idea of computational portability .
By this I do n't mean mobile devices ( though obviously they play a role ) but rather computers that can plug into other computers to allow you to move your data , software , authentication , and whatever else you want .
We have smart cards in our credit cards now , but why can we have our web browser , email application , and social network in our smart cards ?
The answer is : we will .
Calendaring / coordination / events
There is a range of applications we might call Kantian applications - they depend on time and place .
Historically , Apple and Microsoft have kep calendaring to their proprietary little selves , but this logjam is breaking , and calendar - based applications are becoming available in our personal lives as well as our business lives .
Which is good , because everything from social events to concerts to television listing to anniversaries depend on time .
Finding new uses for time - that 's an opportunity that will not go away any time soon .
Location - specific applications
The second group of Kantian applications are those that are taking advantage of publicly available GPS to create location - based services .
These should become widely mainstream as mini-GPS systems are built into cameras , phones , PDAs , laptops , cars , belt buckles , keychains , and more .
I personally could have used a GPS based keychain locator this month - I do n't even know what city my keys are in .
And keeping track of children , vehicles and pets will pass from quirk to mainstream over the next few years .
Intelligent apps / recommenders
We want in our everyday lives what is already available in some aspects of our professional lives - the ability to pick the best product or service in a given environment .
Expedia , for example , allows me to pick hotels quite efficiently , and while it can be fooled by unscrupulous proprietors , the service is getting better over time .
No such system exists - reliably - for consumer electronics , for rental accommodations , for cars , for food .
Imagine , for example , a system that created my grocery shopping list for me , so I simply did n't need to figure out what I needed and wanted .
Or that reliably recommended ( and delivered , for free ) books and music .
Moreover , there is not only room for an extended range of recommenders , but there is also scope for increasingly reliable recommenders .
Connected applications ( walls , desks , fridges , toasters )
OK , maybe not toasters , unless you really value weather maps on your morning toast .
But with ambient wireless in an increasing number of homes it has become feasible to connect appliances to the internet .
This creates a whole range of possible products - paper - thin displays that hang on walls , desks with smart , interactive surfaces , fridges that keep track of your food , automatic light switches that switch off when the room is empty , health monitors , and more .
And it 's not just that these applications are connected to the internet , it 's that these applications can access your data , remember choices you 've made , and interpreted and project your needs .
What needs ?
That is where the room is for innovation .
Sensor networks and sensor data processing
A lot of work is being done in the field of sensor networks these days .
There is a number of obvious emergency - related applications : fire sensing , flood sensing , intruder detection .
Weather reporting should evolve in short order from a small number of central weather sites to a dense grid of home and business weather stations - and these , in turn , by making their data public will allow businesses to better manage staff , stock supplies and anticipate markets .
Sensors already manage the flow of traffic in cities , and will increasingly manage the flow of goods and people .
Room for innovation here includes coming up with new things to measure and developing algorithms that analyze and understand large grids of related data .
Summarizing , data extraction , decision support / workflow support
Business intelligence services already monitor and analyze web and internet traffic in support of corporate and military intelligence .
But there is room for personal intelligence services - would n't it be nice to know about that patch for your Zune , for example , before it suddenly freezes ?
And there is a need for people to be able to make sense of an increasingly diverse information space - especially as the traditional media can no longer be trusted ( if it ever could ) to describe events fairly and faithfully , or to report on obscure or unpopular disciplines .
Predictive data visualization
Data visualization will become even more useful when it becomes predictive .
We already have a sense of this : we use predictive visualization every day in order to understand what the weather will be like ( and despite widespread criticism our weather predictions are surprisingly accurate ) .
Being able to predict crowds , shopping trends , stock prices , fads and fashions , and more , will become an increasingly lucrative industry .
Imagine how Air Canada could respond if it had a reliable way to visualize the mess that would develop as holiday travel merged with a series of blizzards .
Fads
Green computing
Green appliances have been identified for a number of years with an " energy star " designation , a system that worked mostly because there was little business advantage to proclaiming oneself green .
That has all changed .
Consequently , titles and labels will be of little value as being " green " becomes a marketing ploy rather than an indicator of energy conservation .
iPhone
The key sign that the iPhone is a fad is the fact that most of the attention being paid to it has to do with applications and games , not telephony .
In addition , the market for iPhones saturated itself within a few months of its initial release : pretty much everyone who wants an iPhone has one .
Finally , other vendors - and in particular , Research In Motion , which has survived American patent protectionism - are matching ( and sometimes exceeding )
Apple point for point with product and service .
Cloud Computing
The interesting thing about cloud computing is that almost nobody in the public knows what it is .
This makes it ripe for fad status .
But to survive , cloud computing will have to actually be used - and people who do n't know what it is wo n't be using it .
Maybe
Online instruction system
It has always been the holy grail of the e-learning industry : a totally automated system that manages instruction for you .
There will be no end to the number of people who say teachers are indispensable , but if the social function of teachers can be replaced by community , and the informational function by software , then a stand - alone online instruction system is possible .
And that 's what we 're seeing people try to build , step by step , with learning objects , competences , and the rest .
Distributed systems
The idea here is to have a thing - a concept , an idea - that rests on , and floats above , a non-specific computing environment .
This was the thinking behind the connectivism course we ran last fall .
The idea is that the ' course ' , via its constituent teachers and students , simply grasps whatever computing environment is convenient and available , creating communications channels between those environments , and hence establishing a virtual presence above those environments .
Most human organizations can exist in this way , and become much more robust and flexible when not tied to a specific system .
Out there for the taking
By its very nature , most genuine innovation can't be predicted .
But there are some obvious targets out there for the taking - extant problems which , if solved , would revolutionize the marketplace .
Marketing that works
To be clear : marketing works already .
That 's why vendors pay millions of dollars to television channels and radio stations .
But as these media shrink , and as marketing money becomes more scarce ( the demand from R&D is ever increasing ) vendors are looking for a new definition of ' works ' : marketing that is welcomed , even requested , by potential customers , marketing that is not wasted on people who will not buy , marketing that is viewed as positive and helpful , not vile , crass and commercial .
Product placement ( been thinking of Cherry Chapstick lately ? ) is the new nirvana , but is still hit and miss .
Intelligent radio/ television ( live conversation / events )
Television and radio had show a surprising resilience in the face of the internet onslaught , and the reason for this is that they 're easy .
Turn it on and it will entertain you without pause until you turn it off ( or until it shuts down for the night , an oddly archaic practice that still exists ) .
Shows featuring online content - such as CNN 's replaying of YouTube videos - have been , well , awful .
But there 's so much out there , and so much we could do for ourselves .
If we had internet - enabled television or radio that programmed itself , that was personalized , that let us interact with it ( in a meaningful way ) , imagine the future .
Talk radio , for example , that is a conversation with people around the world that you find interesting .
Personal presence / personal health / personal learning
Personal heath records , personal learning environments , personal publishing and printing , personal presence : all of these are ways of imposing the personal on the technical , about making these tools about * you* instead of about them .
This is essentially a combination of technologies - of smart cards and their mobile ilk , of content analysis and presentation , of connected applications , of distributed systems .
From the point of view of the internet , ' you ' are a concept - the one thing in the whole system that is n't actually a part of the system .
How to leverage that will be the stuff of genius and innovation .
Simulation / immersion
It 's easy to do simulation and immersion if you have a lot of money .
I have been in flight simulators that are absolutely convincing .
But they cost millions to build ; nobody is likely to have one in their living room any time soon .
But in the field of affordable immersive simulation is a wealth of opportunity - imagine being able to experience 3D environments from the * inside * ( and not just viewed through a screen ) without leaving the house .
We had reading rooms and TV rooms in the past : the device that creates the Sim room of the future will make somebody rich .
E -government
The problem ith representative democracy is that your representative is often looking out for someone else 's interests .
Often his own .
Internet technology creates the possibility for direct democracy , but this in turn requires a way of rethinking how we manage society .
We want to connect people to government - but only those parts that affect them directly .
We want to create mechanisms that allow people to govern themselves - but not to govern others .
Collaborative and community - oriented systems for resource management and decision - making will be a fertile field in the future .
Energy nets
As energy becomes increasingly scarce , we will look not only to alternatives in power generation , but also better ways to manage transmission .
We already have an energy grid , but as events have shown , the grid is unstable and liable to cascade failures .
It also depends unreasonably on a small number of very large power sources , such as coal or nuclear powered generating plants , hydro dams , and the like .
We want to be able to manage energy nets of the future using distributed sources - wind and solar powered , for example .
Such systems would be tasked to minimize transmission load , insulate against cascades , and promote diversity of sources .
Dead tech
Telephone
By the ' telephone ' I do n't mean voice - to - voice communications generally - people will always want to talk to each other - but about telephony in particular ( and in particular , dedicated lines and switched services ) .
The reason is simple : it is simply too much overhead to maintain an entire infrastructure premised on the possibility that any given person may require a direct audio link to any other given person .
We want to use the wires for other things .
And the overhead required to support switching is immense and expensive .
The closest thing we 'll see in the future is something like bandwidth guarantees for specific services .
Television
Television is so close to being over we can almost taste it .
Once digital television comes into households ( 2009 in the U.S. , 2012 in Canada ) , the previous monopoly owned by the cable companies will be broken .
Televisions will no longer be tubes , they will no longer have channels ( increasingly , we 'll just program numeric selections ) , and we will no longer watch networks ( increasingly , we will watch providers - Fox , Gawker , Google , CNN ) .
Yes , we will continue to have background audio and video displays in our room - often more than one - but we will no longer be ' glued to the tube ' .
Radio
Radio is rapidly ending its life as an electronic transmission medium .
Today , it is almost as common to listen to ' radio ' stations online ( through iTunes , for example ) as it is to pick up signals from the air .
As broadband becomes ubiquitous , we will more and more frequently simply pick up ambient internet and stream audio - whatever that entails .
Satellite radio was the last harraugh of a medium that depended on mass broadcasts .
Print / paper
Paper is a resource - intensive industry and will become more and more expensive over time .
Already , we are seeing the shut - down of pulp mills in remote regions of Canada , ostensibkly because they are " inefficient " but in realiuty because the market simply is n't there for their product .
Bookstores are filling their shelves with trinkets , DVDs , toys and games .
newspapers are losing subscribers in droves ( mostly as they die off ) .
The affordability of electronic combined with the wastefulness of paper makes this an easy prediction .
Transportation
It has for the last few decades been cheaper to transport goods around the planet than to manufacture them where resources and labour are more expensive .
Similarly , it has been cheaper to transport people from their pleasant homes in the country ( or pseudo - country ) than to live and work in the same location .
This all changes as transportation becomes increasingly expensive .
We will live and work in closer communities again , which means that systems that support local self - sustainability will be in demand .
Can we build apartments that are as comfortable as homes ?
Can we grow our own grapefruits and coffees ?
Can we design specialized production systems that do not depend on cheap labour ?
Saeb Erekat ( L ) says it is a " moment of truth " for President Abbas Palestinians might have to abandon the goal of an independent state if Israel continues to expand Jewish settlements , the chief Palestinian negotiator said .
At a news conference in the West Bank , Saeb Erekat said it was a " moment of truth " for President Mahmoud Abbas .
He said it might be time for Mr Abbas to " tell the truth " that a two - state solution " is no longer an option " .
But Israel rejects a one - state solution as a demographic time - bomb that would make Jews a minority in the country .
It may be time for President Abbas to " tell his people the truth , that with the continuation of settlement activities , the two - state solution is no longer an option " , Mr Erekat said in Ramallah .
Clinton row
His comments came as the US Secretary of State , Hillary Clinton , sought to defuse Arab anger after she praised Israel at the weekend for making " unprecedented " concessions on settlement - building in the occupied West Bank .
Clinton tries to keep peace alive Speaking in Cairo after talks with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , Mrs Clinton reiterated Washington 's call for an end to Israeli settlement activity in the West Bank .
She had earlier praised the Israeli offer to temporarily limit construction in West Bank settlements to 3,000 additional housing units .
But Mr Erekat dismissed the offer , saying it only opened the door to more settlements in the next two years .
" Israel has the choice , settlements or peace , " he said .
Mr Erekat said Palestinians had made a mistake in the last round of talks by agreeing to negotiate without insisting that Israel settlement building be stopped , but he said this time would be different .
The alternative left for Palestinians was to " refocus their attention on the one - state solution where Muslims , Christians and Jews can live as equals " , he said .
He suggested that President Abbas might not stand for re-election if the two - state solution were no longer an option , the BBC's Bethany Bell reports from Ramallah .
In its push to restart peace talks , US President Barack Obama 's administration initially demanded a complete freeze on Israeli settlement building .
But Israel has refused a total halt , particularly in East Jerusalem , where the Palestinians want to locate the capital of a future state .
In September Washington changed tack , pushing for a resumption of negotiations and saying it demanded no preconditions for the talks - a move which disappointed the Palestinians .
After meeting Mrs Clinton , Egyptian Foreign Minister Ahmed Aboul Gheit appeared to have softened his stance on the settlements issue .
Despite backing the Palestinians ' demand for a total freeze last week , he called for a resumption of talks .
" We have to concentrate on the end game and we must not waste time adhering to this issue or that as a start for the negotiations , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
‘ Abdu’l - Bahá () ( May 23 , 1844 - November 28 , 1921 ) , was the eldest son of Bahá ’u ’lláh and leader of the Bahá ’í Faith between 1892 and 1921 .
‘ Abdu’l - Bahá 's station as head of the Faith , authorized interpreter of its teachings , and spiritual figurehead was established by Bahá ’u ’lláh in the Kitáb - i - Aqdas where He says " When the ocean of My presence hath ebbed and the Book of My Revelation is ended , turn your faces towards Him Whom God hath purposed , Who hath branched from this Ancient Root . " and " refer ye whatsoever ye understand not in the Book to Him Who hath branched from this mighty Stock . "
‘ Abdu’l - Bahá held a station that is unique in religious history , described by his grandson Shoghi Effendi in The World Order of Bahá ’u ’lláh :
“ He is , and should for all time be regarded , first and foremost , as the Center and Pivot of Bahá ’u ’lláh ’s peerless and all - enfolding Covenant , His most exalted handiwork , the stainless Mirror of His light , the perfect Exemplar of His teachings , the unerring Interpreter of His Word , the embodiment of every Bahá ’í ideal , the incarnation of every Bahá ’í virtue , the Most Mighty Branch sprung from the Ancient Root , the Limb of the Law of God , the Being “ round Whom all names revolve , ” the Mainspring of the Oneness of Humanity , the Ensign of the Most Great Peace , the Moon of the Central Orb of this most holy Dispensation — styles and titles that are implicit and find their truest , their highest and fairest expression in the magic name ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá .
He is , above and beyond these appellations , the “ Mystery of God ” — an expression by which Bahá ’u ’lláh Himself has chosen to designate Him , and which , while it does not by any means justify us to assign to Him the station of Prophethood , indicates how in the person of ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá the incompatible characteristics of a human nature and superhuman knowledge and perfection have been blended and are completely harmonized . ”
Life of ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá
Early life 1844-92
Mirzá Mihdí and ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá were brothers .
‘ Abdu’l - Bahá was born in Tehran on May 23 , 1844 ( the same day as the Declaration of the Báb ) , and was named ' Abbás , after His grandfather , Mírzá Buzurg Núrí .
His mother was Ásiyih Khánum , herself of a notable Iranian family .
Shortly after ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá 's birth , His father became a prominent member of the Bábí religion which was to change the life of the family dramatically .
The most memorable event in ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá 's childhood was the imprisonment of His father following the attempt made on the life of the Shah on 15 August 1852 .
Bahá ’u ’lláh had nothing to do with this attempt , yet the mere fact that He was a prominent Bábí was sufficient to imprison Him .
The results for the family were catastrophic .
Despite their high social position , their house was looted and they were reduced to poverty .
‘ Abdu’l - Bahá , who was then eight years old , was attacked in the streets by other children .
He records
His distress when on one occasion
He was taken to see His father in prison .
" I saw a dark , steep place .
We entered a small , narrow doorway , and went down two steps , but beyond those one could see nothing .
In the middle of the stairway , all of a sudden we heard His [ Bahá ’u ’ lláh 's ] … voice : ' Do not bring him in here ' , and so they took me back " .
After four months Bahá ’u ’lláh was released from prison but ordered into exile .
The conditions of the journey to Baghdad in March 1853 were very harsh as the family was ill - prepared for traveling in winter conditions .
‘ Abdu’l - Bahá 's sister , Bahiyyih Khánum , records that ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá suffered from frost - bite during the journey .
In Baghdad there was a period of respite for the family ; but then , Bahá ’u ’lláh , deciding that He could not endure the conflicts among the Bábís in Baghdad ( see " Bahá’u’lláh.3 " ) , departed suddenly on 10 April 1854 , leaving His family behind .
For almost two years there was no news of Bahá ’u ’lláh , which was very hard on ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá , who was very attached to His father .
Eventually Bahá ’u ’lláh was located and persuaded to return to Baghdad .
‘ Abdu ’l - Bahá as a young man .
Some of the most important formative years of ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá 's life were the ones that He spent in Baghdad as a child and young man .
He records that He spent
His time reading the writings of the Báb and committing them to memory .
His education was under the personal supervision of Bahá ’u ’lláh .
He also enjoyed horse - riding and frequented Baghdad 's intellectual circles .
It was here , while still only seventeen years of age , that He wrote for ' Alí Shawkat ( Ali evket ) Páshá a treatise on mysticism and metaphysics called the Sharḥ - i Kuntu Kanzan Makhfiyan ( Commentary on the Islamic Tradition : ' I was a Hidden Treasure .
. .' ) , a remarkable feat for one so young .
During the course of the journey from Baghdad to Istanbul , and later , in both Edirne and Akka , ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá increasingly assumed the role of Bahá ’u ’ lláh 's chief steward , taking responsibility for organizing the household and seeing to Bahá ’u ’lláh 's personal requirements .
He also gradually took over responsibility for the relationships between the small exile community and the outside world .
It was He who arranged for Bahá ’u ’lláh to move outside the walls of Akka in 1877 .
He personally undertook all contacts with government officials , and supervised and vetted the stream of visitors that came to see
His father , including the increasingly large numbers who came as pilgrims from Iran .
Early years of his ministry 1892 - 1911
Bahá ’u ’lláh passed away on 29 May 1892 .
In such works as the Kitáb - i - Aqdas and the Tablet of the Branch , Bahá ’u ’lláh had indicated that ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá was to be His successor .
The successorship was then clearly and unequivocally stated in Bahá ’u ’lláh 's Will and Testament , the Book of the Covenant .
With such a clear designation , it would seem to have been impossible to challenge ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá 's authority .
Mírzá Muḥammad
' Alí , ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá 's half - brother , did , however , do this on the grounds that ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá had exceeded His station and claimed to be a prophet with a revelation from God.
Although ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá on numerous occasions denied the station of prophethood as either a lesser prophet of a Manifestation of God and specifically refuted those who were inclined to make excessive claims about Him , Mírzá Muḥammad ' Alí continued to press these charges .
At first , Mírzá Muḥammad ' Alí appeared to have a good deal of success and several prominent Bahá ’ís supported him .
This episode of Covenant - breaking , as it was called by ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá , raged at its most fierce from about 1895 to 1905 .
Thereafter , the outcome was clear and many who had supported Mírzá Muḥammad ' Alí either reverted to the cause of ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá or left the Bahá ’í Faith altogether .
A staircase leading to the section House of ‘ Abdu’lláh Páshá occupied by the Holy Family .
As a result of accusations against ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá made by Mírzá Muḥammad ' Alí to the authorities , the strict terms of ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá imprisonment were re-introduced in August 1901 .
Then , in 1905 , a government commission of enquiry arrived in Akka to look into the charges that had been made by Mírzá Muḥammad ' Alí .
This was a time of great danger for ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá , but it passed and the commission 's findings were lost in the political upheavals that were taking place at this time .
In 1908 ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá was freed from imprisonment , under the general amnesty after the re-establishment of the Turkish Constitution ( see " ' Abdu'l - Ḥamíd , Sulṭán " ) .
The other important events during this period were the growth of a large community of Bahá ’ís in North America and of a few Bahá ’í groups in Europe ; the arrival of the first group of Western Bahá ’ís in Akka on 10 December 1898 ( others soon followed ) ; and the entombment of the remains of the Báb in a shrine on Mount Carmel .
21 ) The Western journeys and war years ( 1911
In August 1910 ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá traveled to Egypt .
He remained in Port Said for one month and then moved to Alexandria until May 1911 when He transferred to Cairo .
On 11 August 1911
He left aboard a ship headed for Marseilles .
On this trip He visited London , Bristol , and Paris , returning to Egypt in December .
The following year
He undertook a much more extensive journey .
He boarded the S.S. Cedric and set off for New York on 25 March 1912 , arriving on 11 April .
( Although encouraged by friends — who had even raised funds for the trip — to sail on the Titanic , He mysteriously declined , returning the money , in favor of the other ship . )
He visited Chicago , Cleveland , Pittsburgh , Washington D.C. , going back to New York by 11 May .
For the next few months
He remained in New York with occasional brief visits to Boston , Philadelphia , and a number of smaller towns as well as the Lake Mohonk Peace Conference .
In August He began a more extensive journey , starting in New Hampshire and the Green Acre School in Maine and going on to Montreal , Buffalo , Chicago , Kenosha , and Minneapolis .
He traveled west , reaching San Francisco at the beginning of October .
In California He visited Oakland , Palo Alto , and Los Angeles before heading back eastward on 26 October .
He traveled through Chicago , Cincinnati , Washington D. C. , and Baltimore to New York .
On 5 December
He set sail from New York , arriving in Liverpool on 13 December .
From Liverpool
He went to London , where He remained until 21 January 1913 with a number of trips to Oxford , Edinburgh , and Bristol .
In Paris , ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá stayed two months before making a journey to Stuttgart , Budapest , and Vienna .
After another six weeks in Paris , He left for Marseilles on 12 June and set sail for Port Said the next day .
From 13 June until 2 December
He remained in Egypt and then returned to Haifa .
The First World War broke out in the year after ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá 's return from His western journeys .
For a time , ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá moved most of the Bahá ’ís of the Haifa - Akka area to the Druze village of Abú - Sinán , because of the threat of Allied bombardment of the coast .
Later the danger to ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá 's person was renewed through the threats of the Turkish commander Jamál ( Cemal ) Páshá .
There was also famine in Palestine .
Eventually the war years passed and the British Mandate over Palestine brought the threat to ‘ Abdu ’l - Bahá to an end .
His final years saw a growing stream of visitors and pilgrims from all parts of the world who came to Haifa to see Him .
He was awarded a knighthood by the British government on 27 April 1920 .
‘ Abdu’l - Bahá passed away on 28 November 1921 at about 1:00 AM in his house in Haifa .
He was buried following a large public funeral in a room in the Shrine of the Báb on Mount Carmel .
Achievements of Ministry
Direction of the affairs of the Bahá ’í Faith
For nearly thirty years ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá personally supervised almost every aspect of the growth and development of the Bahá ’í Faith .
He had two main methods of doing this .
The first was correspondence .
‘ Abdu’l - Bahá wrote little that was addressed to the Bahá ’ís in general , but rather kept up an enormous volume of correspondence during his ministry , replying personally to large numbers of letters that came to Him from Bahá’ís .
The second method was His personal contact with the many hundreds of pilgrims who came each year .
Thus
He maintained a close and individually - based supervision of the general development of the Bahá ’í Faith .
The largest Bahá ’í community during ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá 's ministry was that of Iran .
‘ Abdu’l - Bahá directed
His efforts towards that community , first promoting unity within the community and , second , encouraging it to expand and develop .
In particular , He fostered the social development of the community :
He encouraged the Bahá ’ís to set up schools and medical facilities , and promoted the role of women in the community .
He also guided the institutional development of the community , directing the Hands of the Cause of God and advising on the setting up of assemblies and committees ( see Bahá ’í Administration ) .
In addition , He gave instructions for the refurbishment of the House of the Báb in Shiraz .
The Bahá ’í community of Ashkhabad ( see " Turkmenistan " ) was freer to develop a distinctively Bahá ’í community life .
Here ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá encouraged the Bahá ’ís to set up a number of institutions : schools , a clinic , a traveler 's hospice , library and reading room , and public baths .
This all culminated in the building , between 1902 and 1919 , of the first Mashriqu ’l - Adhkár of the Bahá ’í world .
With ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá 's encouragement , the Bahá’ís of Ashkhabad attained , as close as it was possible to achieve at that time , the ideal of a Bahá ’í community .
Among the new Bahá ’í communities of North America , ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá encouraged the growth and development of institutions such as local spiritual assemblies and the Bahá ’í Temple Unity which was later to evolve into the National Spiritual Assembly .
Supervision of the expansion of the Bahá ’í Faith
One of the areas of activity that received ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá 's close attention was the expansion of the Bahá ’í Faith .
He continually monitored the activities of the Bahá’ís and frequently directed Bahá ’í teachers to travel from one place to another to promote the Bahá ’í Faith .
At the beginning of His ministry , the Bahá ’í Faith was confined to the Middle East and appeared to any outside observer to be merely a persecuted Muslim sect .
By the time of His passing , ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá had supervised its transformation into a religion that encircled the globe , with believers from many different religious backgrounds and the respect of a large number of prominent people in the Middle East , Europe , and North America .
One of the most significant developments during ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá 's ministry was the expansion of the Bahá ’í Faith to the West .
This began with the journey of Ibrahim Kheiralla to the United States of America in 1892 .
From 1894 , in Chicago , Kheiralla began to teach the Bahá ’í Faith and to enroll large numbers .
‘ Abdu’l - Bahá gave this work the highest priority .
When , in 1900 , Kheiralla defected and gave his support to Mírzá Muḥammad ' Alí , ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá sent several experienced Bahá ’ís , such as Mírzá Abu'l - Faḍl Gulpáygání , to the West in order to guide and support the American Bahá’ís .
‘ Abdu’l - Bahá 's most important contribution to this work was His own journeys to the West .
Through these he attracted large numbers to the Bahá ’í Faith and encouraged the Bahá ’ís to redouble their efforts to promote the religion .
‘ Abdu’l - Bahá also gave the lead on the best ways of presenting the Bahá ’í Faith in the West .
His table - talks published as Some Answered Questions ( q.v. ) indicate
His concern to present the Faith in terms understandable to those from the Christian West .
In His public addresses in the West ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá was able to relate the Bahá ’í teachings to those matters which were of contemporary social concern .
In Iran ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá encouraged the Bahá ’ís to travel throughout the country and teach the Bahá ’í Faith .
In other parts of the Middle East , He also encouraged the promotion of the Bahá ’í Faith , especially in Egypt where Mírzá Abu'l - Faḍl Gulpáygání was teaching at Al - Azhar University , the foremost academic institution of the Islamic world .
During the ministry of ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá , the Bahá ’í Faith spread to Australia , New Zealand , China , Japan , South Africa , South America and the islands of the Pacific .
This was to a large extent due to two factors encouraged by ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá : Bahá ’ís settling in other parts of the world and the extensive worldwide travels of a small number of Bahá ’ís , which helped to create the feeling of a global religion .
Both of these factors were to achieve even greater importance during the ministry of Shoghi Effendi .
Entrances to the Shrine of Báb and ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá
Building the Shrine of the Báb
One of the tasks mandated to ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá by Bahá ’u ’lláh was the erection of a suitable edifice to serve as a shrine for the remains of the Báb .
As soon as He was able to pursue this goal , ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá gave instructions for the remains of the Báb to be brought from Iran , where they had been hidden .
After a dangerous and eventful journey , these arrived in ' Akka on January 31 , 1899 .
At the same time , ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá set about arranging the purchase of land on Mount Carmel and the erection of a suitable building .
These plans received a set - back in 1901 when Mírzá Muḥammad ' Alí asserted to the government authorities that the shrine was in fact a fortress that ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá was building preparatory to a revolt .
But eventually the structure was completed and one of the first actions of ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá when He received His freedom was to lay the remains of the Báb to rest in the Shrine on March 21 , 1909 .
Dealings with opponents
‘ Abdu ’l - Bahá spent most of His life surrounded by opponents of one sort or another .
During the lifetime of His father , His main opponents were external to the Bahá ’í Faith , officials of the governments of Iran and Ottoman Turkey , and religious leaders who attacked either the Bahá ’ís or the Bahá ’í leadership .
In dealing with these , ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá took His example from His father .
He first appealed for redress directly to the person who had committed the injustice .
If that was not successful , He would appeal to a higher authority if there was one .
Finally , if no redress was forthcoming , He would sometimes issue a general appeal .
If still no redress was to be had , He would ultimately submit to the injustice rather than cause social instability by opposing it by other means .
This was ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá 's way of dealing with opposition and He encouraged the Bahá ’ís to follow suit .
The second main form of opposition was from people who claimed to be Bahá ’ís , whom ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá termed Covenant - breakers , since any opposition to Him was in effect opposition to the Covenant which Bahá ’u ’lláh had established .
The most important of these figures during ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá 's ministry was Mírzá Muḥammad ' Alí , ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá 's half - brother .
In the period immediately after the passing of Bahá ’u ’lláh , ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá kept His half - brother 's actions secret , being unwilling to publicize the disunity in the family ; but as Mírzá Muḥammad ' Alí 's activities became more defiant , it became difficult for ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá to prevent others from learning about them , especially from the pilgrims .
In any case , Mírzá Muḥammad ' Alí himself exposed his actions in letters that he wrote to Iran in about 1896 .
‘ Abdu’l - Bahá then advised the Bahá ’ís to cease all contact with Mírzá Muḥammad ' Alí and his supporters in Iran and North America .
The issue of " Firmness in the Covenant " ( see " Covenant . 6 " ) became a major theme in the writings of ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá .
The split in the family and in the community , the disrepute which resulted for the Bahá ’ís in the eyes of the public , the continued occupation by Mírzá Muḥammad ' Alí 's supporters of the Mansion of Bahjí and their consequent control over the environs of the Shrine of Bahá ’u ’lláh , all caused ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá much personal sorrow .
Relations with the government and the public
‘ Abdu’l - Bahá always tried to maintain good relations with public officials in Akka and Haifa and with the government .
The ease with which
He was able to do this differed markedly from time to time , depending on the officials in post and the activities of the Covenant - breakers .
In general , however , ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá was very highly regarded by the local government officials in Akka and was frequently consulted when difficult decisions had to be made .
He was also well - respected by the ordinary people of Akka , who knew Him as a public benefactor , especially to the poor and destitute of the town .
Over the years ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá was in correspondence with many of the leading intellectual figures and reformers of Ottoman Turkey .
In Edirne he became closely acquainted with the governor , Khurshíd ( Hurid ) Páshá , and the vice - governor , ' Azíz Páshá .
In 1878 , when He was in Akka , ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá was invited to Beirut .
There
He met with such important figures in the Ottoman reform movement as Midḥat Páshá and Shaykh Muḥammad ' Abduh .
He corresponded with them and others and made
His own contribution to the literature of the reform movements of Iran and the Ottoman Empire in the form of two books The Secret of Divine Civilization and Risáliy - i- Siyásiyyih ( Treatise on Politics , see " Siyásiyyih , Risáliy - i " ) .
During
His journeys to the West , ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá met many prominent persons : Archdeacon Wilberforce of Westminster ; Dr. T.K. Cheyne , Professor of the Interpretation of Scripture at Oxford University ; Dr J. Estlin Carpenter , a pioneer in the field of comparative religion ; Mrs Annie Besant , president of the Theosophical Society ; the suffragette leader Mrs. Emmeline Pankhurst ; Lee McLung , United States Treasurer ; Admiral Robert Peary of North Pole fame ; the inventor Alexander Graham Bell ; Dr David Starr Jordan , president of Stanford University ; the philosophers Henri Bergson and John Dewey ; the writer Khalil Gibran ; a number of ambassadors ; and many others .
Almost uniformly , these individuals formed a very high opinion of ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá , and several of them became supporters and well - wishers of the Bahá ’í Faith as a result .
Many Iranian and other Middle Eastern notables also met ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá during His journeys and formed a favorable impression of the Faith .
During these journeys , ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá was interviewed by numerous newspapers and magazines and the resultant publicity had an important effect in increasing the prestige of the Faith .
Personal Characteristics
Bahá ’ís regard ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá as the Perfect Exemplar of the teachings of His father and therefore strive to emulate Him .
For this reason the personal characteristics of ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá have assumed an important position in Bahá ’í teaching .
Anecdotes about him are frequently used to illustrate particular points about morality and interpersonal relations .
‘ Abdu ’l - Bahá made a deep impression on all who met Him .
Professor E.G. Browne describes him thus in 1890 :
Seldom have I seen [ One ] whose appearance impressed me more .
A tall , strongly built man holding [ Himself ] straight as an arrow , with white turban and raiment , long black locks reaching almost to the shoulder , broad powerful forehead , indicating a strong intellect , combined with an unswerving will , eyes keen as a hawk's , and strongly marked but pleasing features - such was my first impression of ' Abbas Effendi , " The Master " ( ' Agha ) as [ He ] par excellence is called by the Bábís .
Subsequent conversation with [ Him ] served only to heighten the respect with which [ His ] appearance had from the first inspired me .
One more eloquent of speech , more ready of argument , more apt of illustration , more intimately acquainted with the sacred books of the Jews , the Christians and the Muhammadans , could , I should think , be scarcely found even amongst the eloquent , ready and subtle race to which he belongs .
These qualities , combined with a bearing at once majestic and genial , made me cease to wonder at the influence and esteem which [ He ] enjoyed even beyond the circle of [ His ] [ Father ] 's followers .
About the greatness of this man and [ His ] power no one who had seen [ Him ] could entertain a doubt . [ 2 ]
Even avowed enemies of the Bahá ’í Faith were on occasion transformed by meeting Him .
Mírzá ' Abdu'l - Muḥammad Írání Mu'addibu 's - Sulṭán , an Iranian , and Shaykh ' Alí Yúsuf , an Arab , were both newspaper editors in Egypt who had published harsh attacks on the Bahá ’í Faith in their papers .
They called on ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá when he was in Egypt and their attitude was transformed .
Similarly , a Christian clergyman , Rev. J.T. Bixby , who was the author of a hostile article on the Bahá ’í Faith in the United States , felt compelled to witness to ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá 's personal qualities ( BBR 329 ) .
The effect of ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá on those who were already committed Bahá ’ís was greater still .
There is universal agreement that ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá had an imposing personal presence that radiated a serene , majestic and authoritative air .
He was always very kind in his personal dealings and generous to the point that His own family complained that they were left with nothing .
He had a keen sense of humor and frequently used jokes and amusing anecdotes to make His point understood .
His personal life was very simple and the furnishings of His rooms spartan .
He ate and slept little and spent some many hours every day in prayer and meditation .
‘ Abdu’l - Bahá directed the affairs of the Bahá ’í community with gentle encouragement .
Whenever a community was progressing ,
He was warm in his praise ; if a community was stagnant or disunited , he tackled the problem energetically , writing letters and dispatching personal emissaries .
He would not be satisfied until the matter had been rectified .
He was inclined to allow a large range of personal interpretations of the Bahá ’í teachings as long as these did not obviously contradict fundamental principles .
Outbreaks of persecution of the Bahá ’ís affected Him deeply .
He wrote personally to the families of those who had been martyred .
When it came to the defense of the Bahá ’í Faith against its enemies , ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá showed a great deal of determination and energy .
If , however , one of His opponents had fallen on hard times , as frequently happened in the turns of fortune that afflicted Ottoman officials in Akka , for example , ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá was always magnanimous and on occasion even helped such fallen officials .
Family
‘ Abdu’l - Bahá , left , and His grandson , Shoghi Effendi , in a photograph taken in 1919 .
‘ Abdu’l - Bahá was married on 8 March 1873 to Munírih Khánum .
The marriage resulted in nine children , five of whom died in childhood : Ḥusayn Effendi ( d. 1305/1887 , aged two ) , Mihdí ( died aged two - and - a - half ) , Ṭúbá , Fu'ádiyyih , and Ruḥangíz .
Four daughters grew to adulthood .
The oldest of these was Ḍiyá' iyyih ( d. 1951 ) , who married Mírzá Hádí Shírází ( d. 1955 ) in 1313/1895 ; their children were Shoghi Effendi , Rúḥangíz , Mihrangíz , Ḥusayn , and Riyáḍ , who all took the surname Rabbání .
The second daughter , Ṭúbá Khánum ( 1880 - 1959 ) , married Mírzá Muḥsin Afnán ( 1863-1927 ) ; their children were Rúḥá ( 1899 - 1971 ) , Thurayyá , Suhayl , and Fu'ád ( d. 1943 ) , who all took the surname Afnán .
The third daughter of ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá , Rúḥí , married Mírzá Jalál , the son of Mírzá Muḥammad Ḥasan , the King of Martyrs ( see " Nahrí family " ) ; their children were Maryam , Muníb , Zahrá and Ḥasan , who all took the surname Shahíd .
The fourth daughter , Munavvar ( d. 1971 ) , married Mírzá Aḥmad , the son of Mírzá ' Abdu 'r - Raḥím Yazdí ; they were childless .
In the 1930s and 1940s a series of marriages linked the sons of Sayyid ' Alí Afnán and Furúghiyyih Khánum , who had been supporters of Mírzá Muḥammad ' Alí , with the grandchildren of ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá .
As a result of these marriages , other inappropriate marriages , or refusal to break ties with Covenant - breakers in the family , Shoghi Effendi , in the 1940s and early 1950s , declared all the surviving grandchildren of ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá ( except Himself ) Covenant - breakers ( see " Covenant - breaking . 4.c and chart " ) .
The Bahá ’í View of the Station of ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá
In the Kitáb - i - Aqdas , Bahá ’u ’lláh commands
His followers to turn toward " Him Whom God hath purposed , Who hath branched from this Ancient Root " ( KA 121:63 ) .
In the Book of the Covenant , it is explained that this phrase refers to ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá , " the Most Mighty Branch ( Ghuṣn - i - A'zam ) " ( TB 15:221 ) .
Also in the Kitáb - i - Aqdas is the injunction " refer ye whatsoever ye understand not in the Book to Him Who hath branched from this mighty Stock " ( KA 174:82 ) .
In the Tablet of the Branch is Bahá ’u ’ lláh 's statement that " . . . verily
He is the most great Favor unto you , the most perfect bounty upon you ; and through Him every mouldering bone is quickened .
Whoso turneth towards
Him hath turned towards God , and whoso turneth away from Him hath turned away from My Beauty , hath repudiated My Proof , and transgressed against Me .
He is the Trust of God amongst you , His charge within you , His manifestation unto you and His appearance among His favored servants .
. .
They who deprive themselves of the shadow of the Branch , are lost in the wilderness of error , are consumed by the heat of worldly desires , and are of those who will assuredly perish " ( WOB 135 ) .
On the basis of these passages ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá assumed authority as " the Center of the Covenant " and " the Interpreter of the Word of God " , while at the same time stressing that " the real significance , the innermost secret of these very words , is my own servitude to the sacred Threshold of the Abhá Beauty , my complete self - effacement , my utter nothingness before Him " ( WOB 136 , 138 ) .
Shoghi Effendi states that " in the person of ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá the incompatible characteristics of a human nature and superhuman knowledge and perfection have been blended and are completely harmonized " ; establishes ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá as the " Perfect Exemplar " of Bahá ’u ’lláh 's teachings ; asserts that ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá " incarnates an institution for which we can find no parallel in any of the world 's recognized religious systems " ; and finally emphasizes Bahá ’u ’lláh 's designation of ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá as the " Mystery of God " ( WOB 134 , 143 ) .
Teachings and Writings of ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá
Teaching
The teaching of ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá was firmly rooted in what His father had taught .
Indeed , the circumstances of ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá 's life meant that He received virtually no education other than what His father taught Him .
As He had frequently acted as Bahá ’u ’lláh 's personal secretary , had been present when Bahá ’u ’lláh was giving His teachings orally , and had read most of Bahá ’u ’lláh 's written output , ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá had an intimate knowledge of His father 's teaching .
The distinctive aspect of ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá 's contribution was the manner in which He took His father 's teachings and adapted them for various audiences .
Most notably , this occurred during ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá 's journeys to the West .
Despite the unfamiliar surroundings , ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá was able to understand the concerns of His Western audiences and to elicit those aspects of Bahá ’u ’ lláh 's teaching which were most in accordance with these concerns .
The presentation of the Bahá ’í teachings that ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá made during His Western journeys remains to the present day the standard presentation of these teachings in the Bahá ’í world .
Writings of ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá
‘ Abdu’l - Bahá 's principal writings are His correspondence with numerous Bahá ’ís , well - wishers , government officials , and others .
He wrote primarily in Persian and Arabic but there is also a small amount of material in Ottoman Turkish .
The Bahá ’í World Center currently holds over 27,000 letters of ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá and He must have written many more .
A large number of compilations of these letters have been published over the years .
Some of the most important of the tablets , such as the Tablet to Dr. Forel , have been published separately .
Although most of ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá 's correspondence is with individual Bahá ’ís , some of it is addressed to Bahá ’í groups and communities .
The most important of the latter category are The Tablets of the Divine Plan , written in 1916 - 17 and addressed to the Bahá’ís of North America , which Shoghi Effendi calls the " Charter " for the propagation of the Bahá ’í Faith ( MBW 84 ) .
‘ Abdu’l - Bahá also wrote to organizations , such as the Central Organization for a Durable Peace at the Hague , and occasionally to newspapers , such as the Christian Commonwealth .
‘ Abdu’l - Bahá wrote three books : The Secret of Divine Civilization ( 1875 ) , A Traveler 's Narrative ( q.v. , 1886 ) , and Risáliy - i- Siyásiyyih ( Treatise on Politics , 1892 - 3 ) .
Two of these were written during the lifetime of his father ; in later years
He had little time for such work .
Many talks of ‘ Abdu ’l - Bahá have been published .
Some of these , such as Memorials of the Faithful and Some Answered Questions , were read and corrected by Him prior to publication .
‘ Abdu’l - Bahá also wrote a large number of prayers , some Tablets of Visitation for prominent Bahá ’ís , and some poetry .
Lastly , there is ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá 's Will and Testament , which is referred to by Shoghi Effendi as the " Charter of Bahá ’u ’ lláh 's New World Order " ( GPB xv ) .
There is also a large body of literature consisting of pilgrims ' notes about their visit to ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá .
See also
Notes
↑ Browne , E.G. ( 1891 ) , A Traveller ’s Narrative , Cambridge .
Includes introduction , agenda , and corrigenda .
References
Category : ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá Bahai.media has a related page :
Author : ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá Bahai.works has a related page :
For an overall historical survey of the life of ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá , see :
H.M. Balyuzi , ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá , Centre of the Covenant
M.H. Phelps , Life and Teachings of Abbas Effendi , republished in a revised form as The Master in ' Akká .
‘ Abdu’l - Bahá 's Western journeys are covered in :
A large number of records of meetings with ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá and his public talks have been published .
The following are merely a selection of those currently in print :
A full list of published accounts of visits to Haifa - Akka by Western pilgrims in the time of ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá , compiled by Peter Smith , may be found in BSB Sept .
1985 , 3/3:102-5 .
On the station of ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá , the primary source is Shoghi Effendi's Dispensation of Bahá’u ’lláh , WOB 131- 9 ) .
Appreciations of ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá include :
For the use of anecdotes about ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá as material for spiritual and moral education , see Vignettes from the life of ‘ Abdu’l - Bahá ( ed. A. Honnold ) , Oxford : George Ronald 1982 .
Most of these are also available in Persian ; in addition , there is the collection Makatíb - i-‘ Abdu ’l - Bahá , 8 vols .
Balyuzi , H.M. ( 2001 ) , ` Abdu'l - Bahá : The Centre of the Covenant of Bahá 'u 'lláh ( Paperback ed. ) , Oxford , UK : George Ronald , ISBN 0-85398-043-8
Special Note
This article was written for possible inclusion in A Short Encyclopedia of the Baha'i Faith , an ongoing project of the United States National Spiritual Assembly .
These drafts have not been edited and will not appear in the encyclopedia in their present form .
Hence they should not be considered representative of the project .
The fight to win legal equality for gay people is almost won in Britain – yet the taste of champagne has been tainted by an unexpected dash of blood .
In the past few years , gay people have finally begun to exercise the same rights as their straight siblings , yet there has been a sharp surge in violence against us .
In London , recorded homophobic attacks are up by 20 per cent .
In Glasgow it 's 32 per cent ; in Liverpool it 's 40 per cent ; in Greater Manchester it 's 63 per cent .
James
Parks is only the latest face to be kicked in by this trend : last week , the off - duty police officer left a club in Liverpool with his boyfriend and was lynched by a group of 20 teenagers who smashed his skull and left him close to death .
In a recession , violence always rises , and violence against minorities rises more .
Attacks on Muslims , Jews , and black people are also spiking across Britain .
But recorded violence against gay people has shown the most extreme rise .
Last year , an 18 year - old hairdresser in Liverpool called Michael Causer was sleeping on a friend 's sofa after a party when he was woken up .
A witness testified that a group of teenagers yelled , " You little queer faggot ! "
They said they were going to cut out his body - piercings with a knife , and started burning his legs with a lighter .
He was found bleeding to death later , dumped in the road outside , after having his head smashed in with a hardback book .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
At the trial , one of the 19 - year - olds tried for the murder said he was acting " in self - defence " – against a smaller , seven - and - a - half stone boy with no history of violent behaviour .
A witness said that during the attack , he had yelled : " He 's a little queer , he deserves it ! "
Yet the jury found him not guilty .
What can we do to stop this surge ?
The answer does not lie in new laws ; these attacks are already highly illegal .
It lies in changing the culture of two core British institutions that are still tolerating anti-gay bigotry – our schools , and our police service .
Almost all the new homophobic attacks have been carried out by teenagers who are in – or just out of – the education system .
It is not a coincidence that our schools are the one place where homophobic violence is still absolutely mainstream .
Ofsted says that homophobia is " endemic " in our playgrounds and our classrooms .
A study by Stonewall found 41 per cent of gay children are beaten up , and 17 per cent have been told they 're going to be killed ( it 's 10 per cent higher still in faith schools ) .
The young people who attacked PC James Parks were simply taking that culture out of the playground and onto the streets .
This does n't have to happen .
Michael Causer 's mother , Marie , says : " This generation of infants needs to be educated .
You hear youngsters as young as four and five saying ' Go away , you 're gay . '
It might be a word to them , but their parents need to pull them up and tell them that it 's wrong .
They need better education to let them know that gay people are no different . "
When this is tried , it works .
The Stonewall study found that in schools with a consistent policy of punishing homophobic language , gay children were 60 per cent less likely to be attacked .
That fall in violence could ripple out from the school gates - but today , only 6 per cent of schools adopt this policy .
The Government should immediately make it mandatory .
What about the police ?
There are some terrific police officers who are appalled by anti-gay crime – I 'm related to one – but they remain too few .
A major 2005 study for the Home Office found that homophobia and sexism are " all but endemic within the police service " .
It was " not just in every force we surveyed , but in every part of every force " .
One of the authors , Professor Tim Newburn of the London School of Economics , said : " It is quite clear that gay and lesbian officers find themselves in a very uncomfortable position in the police service ...
Sexist and homophobic language is now largely ignored and even tacitly accepted . "
Little seems to have changed since the report .
This week , a lesbian police officer called Sergeant Jasmine Stewart is appearing before a tribunal .
She says her colleagues called her " a poof " and refused to work shifts alongside her .
She gave evidence that a senior officer had said she had caused a " drop in morale " in the station .
If the police are happy to talk about " faggots " when the door is shut , what do they do when one of them walks through the door needing help ?
In too many cases , they do too little .
To pluck one example : in Brighton a few weeks ago , two gay women – aged 18 and 22 – were repeatedly punched in the face by a gang of thugs .
They went straight to the police – but it was 12 days before officers appealed for witnesses , long after the trail had gone cold .
Yet the 2005 report contained some good news .
Racist language had " all but disappeared " from the police force .
Why ?
" Because officers know it will lead to disciplinary action . "
Of course some racist attitudes remain , but they have been driven underground by a tough policy of requiring police officers to talk about black and Asian people respectfully .
It means there are fewer cases like the Steven Lawrence abomination , and so fewer murderers walking our streets .
The same could be done with gay people .
All it takes is political will .
Of course , any move to ensure gay people are treated the same as everyone else is immediately labelled " political correctness " and smothered in exaggeration and distortion .
The defenders of homophobia can no longer , in polite society , say they think gay people are disgusting and immoral .
Too many people have grasped the simple , humane truth that every human society in history has had 3 to 5 per cent of people who were attracted to their own gender , and it does no harm to anyone .
So the homophobes have resorted to other tactics .
One that has been growing over the past year is to claim that gay people who are trying to stop bullying and intimidation are " the real bullies " , trying to " silence " poor embattled homophobes .
The logic of this argument is rarely spelled out .
Were Martin Luther King and the Grand Dragon of the Ku Klux Klan equally bigoted ?
The Grand Dragon was intolerant of black people ; King was intolerant of racism .
When you put it put like this , the bogus nature of this way of framing the debate becomes clear .
To one side , there are people who believe an entire group of human beings is inferior and deserve lesser rights , simply because of a naturally occurring and harmless difference .
To the other side , there is a group of straight and gay people who say sexual orientation is a trivial subject and we should all be treated the same .
Yes , both sides should have the right to speak freely – but nobody should pretend there is a moral equivalence .
There are even people who hint that this violent backlash against equality is evidence that gay people should have stayed in the closet .
With faux compassion , they say – well , this is what happens if you " flaunt " your sexuality by behaving like everybody else .
Do they realise what they 're saying ?
The great civil rights advances in the 1960s in the US were followed by a sharp rise in anti-black violence .
Should black people have stayed out of the polling booths and at the back of the bus to avoid the wrath of racists ?
The problem is not with the victims ; it 's with the thugs attacking them .
We have come so far in this country thanks to the decency and compassion of most British people – but we have only reached the half - way point .
The battle to change our laws was a crucial stage .
Now we need to change our institutions .
The people who oppose these humane measures hissing " PC! PC ! " – or " it 's my religion ! " – should know what they are doing .
They are ensuring more innocent people like James Parks and Michael Causer – or your son , or sister , or neighbour – will be lynched , simply because they were born gay .
You can see Johann Hari debating against Anne Atkins the issue of homophobic violence by clicking here
You can read Johann 's latest article for Slate by clicking here
You can follow Johann on Twitter at www.twitter.com/johannhari101
j.hari@independent.co.uk
By Robert Pigott
BBC religious affairs correspondent
Pope Benedict 's offer has divided the Church of England About 600 Church of England priests are meeting later to discuss the Pope 's offer for them to join their own section of the Roman Catholic Church .
The priests , from Catholic - minded Anglican group Forward in Faith , are unhappy about the way women bishops are being introduced into the CoE .
They will decide how to respond to Pope Benedict 's invitation which could allow them to retain some Anglican practices .
Critics say it may harm the CoE 's role in uniting Catholics and Protestants .
Clergy on the " high church " wing of Anglicanism , known for their use of more elaborate ritual in services , are alarmed that the Church of England 's historic role in uniting Catholic and Protestant in the same Church may now be in jeopardy .
' Inexcusable ' Father Geoffrey Kirk , one of the leaders of Forward in Faith , said : " It will be my intention whatever happens to become a Roman Catholic .
" I am close to retirement , and I may well choose to defer my retirement in order to see that my parish transfers itself to the Roman jurisdiction , as well as myself . "
I think in this day and age this was inexcusable that Rome decided to do this without consultation
Lord Carey
Rome fishes in Anglican pond
As the dispute in the CoE about women bishops has intensified , many " Anglo - Catholics " have warned they will transfer to the Roman Catholic Church unless they are given guaranteed access to male alternatives .
In the spectacular setting of St James ' Roman Catholic Church in London 's Spanish Place , Father Christopher Colven celebrates mass .
Only 13 years ago he was an Anglican priest and says he was brought up to see the CoE as part of a wider " universal " Catholic Church .
Serving in a church that had preserved its Catholic traditions for more than five centuries was central to his faith .
Clerical celibacy
But after the CoE ordained woman priests , he felt those traditions had finally been abandoned and says converting to Catholicism was liberating .
" For me there has always been a tremendous sense of relief .
Living as an Anglican - honestly trying to live as a Catholic priest within Anglicanism - involved for me all kinds of compromises , " he said .
" Becoming a Catholic .. .it's a very freeing experience . "
A few miles across London at St Stephen 's and All Hallows in Hampstead , mass is celebrated with exactly the same ritual , ceremony and attention to detail .
St Stephen 's is Anglican , but although mass here on the Catholic wing of the CoE is virtually identical to that at St James ' , its priest , Father David Houlding , has a different goal .
He is desperate to preserve the historic character of the CoE inherited from the days of Elizabeth I 500 years ago , as both Catholic and Protestant .
Fr Houlding fears the Pope 's invitation could draw away people like him , before a settlement over women bishops is reached and leave behind a more Protestant Church .
He said : " That is my concern of course .
I do n't want to see that happening .
I fear it might .
It 's not my agenda but it could happen .
" [ The Catholic tradition ] is important to the identity of the CoE .
That 's what we are fighting for ... we are fighting for the identity of the CoE " .
Evangelical Anglicans have also criticised the Vatican 's initiative , some even accusing it of capitalising on Anglican disputes to try to poach the Church 's clergy .
Others have questioned the way Anglican leaders were informed about it little more than two weeks ago .
Rowan Williams was reportedly only told of the initiative two weeks ago In Saturday 's Times , former Archbishop of Canterbury Lord Carey says he is appalled that his successor Rowan Williams may have had only a fortnight 's notice .
" I think , in this day and age , this was inexcusable that Rome decided to do this without consultation , " he says .
Stephen Trott , a member of the Catholic Group on the Church of England 's ruling body , the Synod , told the BBC the announcement had been mistimed , coming just as negotiations over women bishops reached a critical stage and the Church sensed compromise .
" I think it 's come as a surprise and even a shock to those most closely involved in the discussions because these have been proceeding and making progress , " he said .
" This announcement seems rather untimely given our discussions . "
The Vatican said it was simply responding to approaches by Anglicans in search of a spiritual home .
However , the Roman Catholic Church might not be quite the haven they expect .
CoE clergy would probably lose their houses and church buildings , and it is unlikely many would take their entire congregations with them .
' Anglican identity ' Mr Trott said former Anglicans were likely to be able to use a revised edition of the Anglican prayer book , with services such as Evensong and Matins .
But he said it was doubtful how far they could preserve a genuinely " Anglican identity " in the Catholic Church .
" I think that when people look at the offer , it is n't really very different from what is already available to someone wanting to become a Catholic , " he said .
" Already the terms of the offer as published on the Vatican website indicate ... that it would really be limited to some parts of the forms of worship that the CoE uses - the Book of Common Prayer - and I do n't know whether that would be enough to persuade many people to leave the CoE . "
There could be implications for the Roman Catholic Church too .
An influx of highly - educated , relatively conservative priests with a tradition of warm and lively relations with parishioners could create an enclave able to compete powerfully with existing Catholic parishes .
Fr Kirk says married newcomers might also make Catholics question whether their priests need to be celibate .
" Many married clergy coming in from the Anglican Church to the Roman Church with their wives will raise yet again the issue of clerical celibacy in the Roman Church , " he said .
Some are wondering whether the arrival of new Catholic - Anglicans could yet turn out to be a Trojan horse , bringing as much change to the Roman Catholic Church in England and Wales , as their departure causes to the CoE .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
[ / caption ]
Apparently , this is not a Photoshopped image , as there are several more just like it , taken from various locations .
This morning in northern Norway , people saw a strange light in the sky which shocked residents and so far , the phenomenon has yet to be explained .
This picture was taken from a pier , looking to the east , approximately at 07.50 am local time .
“ I can imagine that it went on for two , three minutes , ” said the photographer Jan Petter Jørgensen .
“ It was unbelievable .
I was quite shaken when I saw it . ”
“ It consisted initially of a green beam of light similar in colour to the aurora with a mysterious rotating spiral at one end , ” said another eyewitness , Nick Banbury of Harstad , quoted on Spaceweather.com .
“ This spiral then got bigger and bigger until it turned into a huge halo in the sky with the green beam extending down to the earth .
According to the press , this could be seen all over northern norway and must therefore have been very high up in the atmosphere to be seen hundreds of km apart . ”
Here ’s a link to a video of the spiral forming .
“ [ A popular ] suggestion at the moment is that it was a rocket shot up by a Russian submarine in the White Sea , but the Russians deny this apparently .
A big mystery indeed ! ”
UPDATE ( Dec. 10 ) : Russia has finally admitted a missile accident with the Bulava ICBM .
This rocket already has failed six of 13 previous tests , according to the BBC , so Russia might have been a little embarrassed about it .
See our additional article the on “ Norway Spiral . ”
According to NRK , there were advance warnings about several Russian missile launches from the White Sea from December 7 - 10 , but an anonymous source in the Northern Fleet said they had no information about the incident .
Press Attaché from Russia ’s Embassy in Oslo , Vladimir Isupov , did not have any immediate information that could explain the light phenomenon over Northern Norway .
UPDATE : Doug Ellison from UnmannedSpaceflight.com did a very cool simulation of a tumbling rocket stage throwing out unspent fuel in two directions , and what it would look like .
The question , though would be how the spiral of fuel was lit .
It possibly could have been back - lit by the soon - to - rise sun .
Another eyewitness said , “ We saw it from the Inner Harbor in Tromsø .
It was absolutely fantastic .
It almost looked like a rocket that spun around and around , and then went diagonally down the heavens .
It looked like the moon was coming over the mountain , but then came something completely different , “ said Totto Eriksen .
We ’ll keep you posted on any explanations that come out on this !
I also received a report today from a geophysicist in Papua , Indonesia who observed “ an enormous flare ( bolide ? ) visible here at Tomage ( 2°39 ’ 27 ″ S 132°59 ’ 27 ″ E ) , and the sighting was at a bearing approximately 165 ( East of South ) and the flare seemed to begin at about 30 degrees above the horizon . ”
Paul Anderson said the date and time of the flare was approximately 2009.12.09 12:39 UTC
“ I have seen meteors all my life but this was extraordinarily bright and lit up the sky .
Not sure what the trajectory was aside from a slight ( 15 degrees , perhaps ) trend to the West but this should probably be known
somewhere .
My guess is it entered steeply from the North , ” he said .
Anyone else in or near Indonesia see anything similar ?
Sources : Vaeret , Altaposten , NRK , Spaceweather.com
TOKYO ( MarketWatch ) --
A perfect storm of influences is having a lasting effect on the world 's petroleum markets and there 's nothing on the horizon to sway its path .
With high oil and fuel prices , a weak global economy and worldwide government and consumer efforts to increase conservation and efficiency , some analysts doubt a return to the peak energy consumption levels seen just a few years ago .
" Bad economies breed efficiency , " said James Williams , an economist at WTRG Economics .
Consumers are forced to cut down on costs , including energy consumption , and in doing that , " they may find a more permanent solution for their energy needs . "
So " when the economy in the U.S. recovers , we will not return to 2007 consumption levels for several years and perhaps never , " he said .
“ ' Bad economies breed efficiency . ' ” — James Williams , WTRG Economics
Oil demand in developed countries likely reached its all - time peak in 2005 , well before the so - called Great Recession began , according to a research report released this week by IHS Cambridge Energy Research Associates .
And while world oil demand is set to grow as the economy moves from recession to recovery , the demand lost among the 30 developed countries that make up the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development is " not likely to ever be regained , " it said .
Petroleum demand in the transportation sector will flatten out as vehicle - ownership rates in developed countries reach a " saturation " level , consumers push for better fuel economy and governments increase the share of alternative fuels in the transportation sector , the report said .
" Petroleum for transportation has been the single driving force behind OECD oil demand for the past two decades , " Aaron Brady , IHS CERA director of global oil , said in the report .
" Now we are seeing the tempering of the last significant driver of oil demand in developed countries . "
Statistics appear to agree .
The U.S. is now 52 % dependent on imported petroleum instead of 62 % dependent because of lower consumption , according to Williams .
Some of the changes to demand are " permanent or at least reduce consumption for years , " he said .
The rise in crude prices this week to more than $ 78 per barrel -- their highest level in a year -- certainly does n't help .
See Futures Movers .
" If crude remains at $ 70 , it will continue to lose market share as a transportation fuel here in the U.S. , " Williams said .
Deceptive forces
Finding out what drives petroleum demand -- and what 's been hurting it -- is simple enough , but figuring what will happen next is n't so cut and dry .
" Most of the drop in demand is because of lower economic activity and some is because of efficiency encouraged by the economic difficulties , " said Williams .
" The problem is isolating the difference . "
Charles Perry , president of Perry Management , an energy - consulting firm , said that factors which control fuel consumption are almost exclusively the economy and the price of gasoline .
And the price of gasoline is still historically high .
The average U.S. retail price for a gallon of regular gasoline stood at $ 2.487 on Thursday , according to AAA 's Daily Fuel Gauge Report .
That 's lower than consumers paid during the same time in the past two years , but annual prices had been climbing each year from 2002 to 2008 , data from the Oil Price Information Service ( OPIS ) showed .
" When times are bad and / or gasoline prices are high , people buy economic cars and hybrids and limit their driving , " said Perry .
But , overall , " in spite of much lip service and urging by the Federal government , the American public [ has ] not been inclined to conserve gasoline in the past and I do not think they will conserve in the future . "
“ The U.S. has ' planted the first seeds of real fuel conservation , but they are scattered through the wind and many will take time to gain hold . ' ” — Tom Kloza , Oil Price Information Service
Tom Kloza , chief oil analyst at OPIS , pointed out that Americans are largely undisciplined in the way they look at fuel consumption .
" We 've tightened our belts , but we 're still consuming many more [ British thermal units / calories ] per day than counterparts in the rest of the world , " he said , pointing out that if the U.S. had the same Corporate Average Fuel Economy standards as Europe , it would be using about 3 million barrels per day less gasoline .
Still , when it comes to energy conservation , Todd Hultman , editor of DailyFutures.com , believes the world is experiencing a time of " radical change . "
" Big investments are being made simultaneously in wind , solar , geothermal , ethanol etc. -- and China appears to be leading the way , even ahead of big progress being made in Europe and the U.S. , " he said .
Over in the U.S. , the government has " planted the first seeds of real fuel conservation , but they are scattered through the wind and many will take time to gain hold , " Kloza said .
Recognizing the moment when that happens will be difficult .
" There has been a tendency to underestimate the degree of conservation that higher prices will bring , partly because it usually gathers momentum slowly and partly because economic weakness and then recovery can confuse observers , " said Michael Lynch , president of Strategic Energy & Economic Research .
At the same time , as recovery continues , " there will be more investment in new , usually more efficient equipment , " and that 's especially true if energy prices remain higher , he said .
Against the grain
But do n't hold your breath .
Those types of changes come at a gradual , maybe even a snail 's , pace and there are strong forces at hand ready to offset the impact of conservation and alternative fuels .
One of them is emerging markets .
" The real driver for oil demand is rising oil intensity per capita in the emerging economies , which now comprise half of global GDP , " said Evan Smith , co-manager of U.S. Global Investors ' Global Resources Fund PSPFX , +1.27 % .
In China , monthly passenger - car sales just passed the 1 million units mark in September to set a record -- triple the level of four years ago , he said .
Overall , population growth points to an increase in energy consumption , not a decline , said Chris Mayer , editor of Agora Financial 's Capital and Crisis -- and that population growth is seen in places like India , China and the Middle East .
" Emerging markets are still early in the commodity - intensive phase of their development , " he said .
IHS CERA expects oil demand to increase to 89.1 million barrels per day in 2014 , from 83.8 million in 2009 , with 83 % of that rise coming from non-OECD countries like China .
" Conservation is growing in popularity , " said Anthony Sabino , a professor of Law at St. John 's University whose legal practice includes oil and gas law .
Just keep in mind " it has a long way to go before it becomes a driving force . "
Even so , Sabino predicts that when the global economy recovers and demand picks up , " conservation , permanent or temporary , will have a damper effect on prices . "
Police discovered a marijuana growing operation this afternoon on a property just 25 feet from the back door of the Los Angeles Police Department 's Topanga Station , authorities said .
The marijuana plants were discovered after a search warrant was served about 3 p.m. on the property in the 8400 block of Canoga Avenue , LAPD officer Gregory Baek said .
He said officers launched an investigation about a week ago after smelling marijuana .
Investigators were at the scene , and no additional details were available .
-- Robert J. Lopez
During production of the 2007 historical documentary 300 , many scenes were regrettably left on the cutting room floor .
This was not one of them .
Or maybe it was , how would I know .
Spartans had a special outfit reserved exclusively for battle and home maintenance .
European Council leaders have elected a president under the rules of the newly - adopted Lisbon Treaty .
But how does the position compare with that of other presidents , such as the President of the United States ?
President of European Council President of United States of America
European Union :
Population : 490 million
GDP : $ 18.7tn
United States :
Population : 304 million
GDP : $ 14.9tn Military : 3,800 troops on EU military missions Military : 250,000 on deployment ( Iraq / Afghanistan ) Land mass : Land mass :
Elected by :
European Council leaders .
Liable to select candidate by consensus .
If vote held , each country has different number of votes .
Winner must gain 258 out of 345 votes from at least 18 of the 27 countries .
Elected by :
Electoral College system .
In general election , must win 270 out of 538 electoral college votes .
President Barack Obama won 67 million votes in popular vote .
Term of two and half years - renewable once .
Term of four years - renewable once .
Salary reported to be 350,000 euros ( $ 521,374 ) a year President earns 268,521 euros ( $ 400,000 ) a year Position and key roles : Position and key roles :
Chairs European Council .
Duty to " facilitate cohesion and consensus " , without national bias .
Head of state .
Partisan , elected on own platform of policies , usually with support of a party , eg Republican or Democratic .
Represents EU abroad on issues concerning its common foreign and security policy .
Negotiates treaties .
Directs foreign policy .
Can sign executive orders without Congress approval .
No powers of veto .
Power of Veto - President must sign any bill passed by Congress before it becomes law .
Must report to European Parliament after each European Council meeting .
President must report to Congress - usually done by giving State of Union address .
Military control :
No influence on military .
EU Military staff receives " taskings " from EU Military Committee ( which represents defence chiefs of all member states ) .
Military control :
Commander - in - Chief of armed forces - responsible for strategy .
Congress must approve going to war but president can decide when to launch nuclear missiles .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
You do n’t get a name like Palace of Chance without doing things on a grand scale .
And when it comes to offering the best slots online , we live up to our name .
While this is an online casino , if it lived in the real world , Palace of Chance would compete with the Bellagio , Wynn , Encore , and Palazzo .
Here , you ’ll find over 150 games including over 80 of the top slot machines online .
1 Witchy Wins Witchy
Wins is the latest slot from Palace of Chance Casino 2 Achilles Deluxe Achilles Deluxe is the latest slots sequel from Palace of Chance Casino 3 Cash Bandits 3
The infamous Cash Bandits are back in the arresting new slot game from Palace of Chance Casino : Cash Bandits 3 4 Wild Hog Luau Aloha !
You ’re invited to a party in Hawaii on Palace of Chance Casino ’s all - new Wild Hog Luau video slot game 5 Vegas Lux Pack your bags and take a trip to the Vegas Strip on the all - new slot game Vegas Lux
Way More Than Just The Latest Slot Games
Have you ever played new slots in Vegas ?
Chances are the games were new to you , but that does n’t mean they ’re actually new to everyone .
Vegas casinos are famous for releasing a bunch of new games at once and then shuffling them around the various casino properties throughout a 24 - month period .
A game that might be new to you might have made its debut at another Vegas casino a year ago .
But online , slot games are way different .
At Palace of Chance , new games are constantly released because players demand it — and deserve it .
In fact , while no specific schedule is followed , players have expected new games to launch on an almost - monthly basis .
And they do .
Great Games , Big Bonuses
There ’s a lot to love about playing in Vegas , but the truth is the live slot machines just do n’t pay out like the best slots online .
In fact , no other casino , online or off , offers as big of a selection of bonus rounds .
And speaking of bonuses , you ’ll absolutely love what Palace of Chance offers .
Do n’t worry about waiting for a bonus round .
We hook you up with a bankroll - boosting bonus the second you fund your account for the first time .
Play All You Want Without Spending a Dime
Palace of Chance is ready to make you a winner , but if you ’d like to test the waters first , no problem .
Here , you can play the top free online slots — all without spending a nickel .
That means you can discover how a game works , get used to the bonus rounds , and find out how easy it is to pop a jackpot — all without risking anything .
Loading The Special Inspector General 's Report on the A.I.G. Bailout
The Document Viewer requires that you enable Javascript .
Pictured : Spectacular images of deep space caught by an amateur astronomer - from his back garden
By Cher Thornhill for MailOnline
It may have taken NASA millions of dollars and over a decade to design a space telescope that could capture truly spectacular images of deep space .
But an amateur astronomer has now caught the same dazzling constellations - from his back garden .
Greg Parker , a professor of electronics at Southampton University , spent less than £ 10,000 on his equipment but invested thousands of hours to perfect the amazing images .
Stunning : The Belt Region of Orion with Horsehead Nebula on the left
He used a specialised digital camera , which is refrigerated to boost its performance , and a 28 cm reflecting telescope , from a portable observatory at his home in the New Forest .
But each image took hours of careful attention to capture .
Professor Parker has to move the fibreglass dome in his back garden observatory every half hour by hand to photograph the changing sky .
And the results are truly amazing .
Professor Parker captured the M31 , also known as the Andromeda Galaxy , using a digital camera and telescope from an observatory in his back garden
' The images really are of the highest quality , particularly of the reflection of nebulae in Orion , ' said Professor Parker .
' Bright blue reflection nebulae are caused by dust particles scattering short wavelength ( blue ) light from a nearby star much more efficiently than longer wavelength ( red ) light , ' he explained .
' The eerie - looking M78 in Orion is a fine example . '
The Pleiades , also known as the Seven Sisters or Seven Stars
The incredible images include one of the Pleiades - also known as the Seven Sisters or Seven Stars - one of our closest star clusters in the constellation of Taurus .
Professor Parker also photographed the Andromeda galaxy , also known as Messier 31 or M31 , a spiral galaxy about 2.5 million light - years away , and the belt of Orion , which is thought to be the most visible constellation in our sky .
The images will be available in a book - Star Vistas - early next year .
Leading astronomer Patrick Moore comments in the book : ' The pictures are of real scientific value , and they are also works of art . '
Devoted : Professor Parker with observatory in his back garden in the New Forest
Geraldine Fabrikant gets her hands on the 2008 tax filing for the Goldman Sachs Foundation today , and it 's pretty astonishing stuff : " data - share - img= " " data - share = " twitter , facebook , linkedin , reddit , google , mail " data - share - count = " false " >
Geraldine Fabrikant gets her hands on the 2008 tax filing for the Goldman Sachs Foundation today , and it ’s pretty astonishing stuff :
The latest tax filing for Goldman Sachs ’s foundation is as thick as a phone book .
The list of trades is more than 200 pages , single spaced .
Goldman , it seems , invests like no other , even for its own charity .
“ I have never seen anything like it , ” said Verne O. Sedlacek , president of Commonfund , when shown the 2007 filing , which was nearly three inches thick .
He has a good overview from the Commonfund , which manages more than $ 25 billion for universities , foundations and other not - for - profit groups .
What good does all this extreme trading do ?
Not very much , it would seem , according to Fabrikant ’s numbers :
Goldman has given $ 501 million to the Goldman Sachs Foundation since 1999
The present size of the foundation is $ 404 million
The foundation gave away $ 12.6 million in 2007 and $ 22 million in 2008 .
Goldman does n’t reveal the foundation ’s investment returns , but clearly they ’re negative : the amount of money in the foundation is lower than the amount donated to it , even after accounting for the sums it ’s given away .
What ’s more , Goldman seems to be giving away only the bare minimum of the foundation ’s assets each year : just 5 % , the level below which the foundation would lose its charitable status .
I ’m going to take a wild guess here and say that the foundation ’s counterparty , on its phone - book - sized list of trades for just one year , was always or nearly always Goldman Sachs * .
And when Goldman Sachs trades with anybody , be it a client or the Goldman Sachs Foundation or anybody else , Goldman Sachs makes money .
Meanwhile , the foundation itself , as we ’ve seen , has been losing money .
And who are the charitable recipients of the foundation ’s funds ?
Entities like the Asia Society , on Park Avenue , which is a talking shop where Goldman bankers can schmooze important international clients .
Or big universities like Johns Hopkins and Duke , which take charitable gifts and keep them in the market by adding them to their endowments and investing them rather than spending them .
All in all , the single biggest beneficiary of the Goldman Sachs Foundation would seem to be Goldman Sachs itself , while the amount of money which trickles down from it to genuinely needy charitable cases is minuscule .
Goldman should turn its foundation into an arm ’s - length institution , charged with giving money where it can do the most good , and allowed to give much more than 5 % of its total assets if it sees the need to do so .
Because right now the foundation looks mostly like an exercise in self - dealing .
Update :
One other thing : why on earth could n’t the NYT have either linked to the tax filing , or put it online ?
Most annoying .
* Update 2 : Goldman phones to say that the vast majority of trades at the Goldman Sachs Foundation are not with Goldman Sachs .
The final weeks are at hand !
The dinosaur invasion is upon us !
Dino D - Day is just days away !
After two - and - a - half years in development the game that packs Nazis and dinosaurs into one explosive package is now ready for release ... mostly .
While it is true we were shooting for a March 1 release on Steam we will instead push that back to March 29 .
Reason being , to make things like this :
You will encounter this dinosaur if you play Dino D - Day !
In the coming days we will be distributing Beta keys for the game .
The Beta will include all classes and all playable dinosaurs .
It will ship with one map that will be playable in two game modes - King - of - the - Hill and Team Deathmatch .
Details of how these Beta keys will be distributed is forthcoming but hopefully everyone here at ModDB will be interested and excited in taking part .
If you 're interested , drop me an email and let me know .
We 're looking for people who want to help us make the game better not only in these final weeks before release but as we move forward from there .
One other note : very soon I 'll be creating a page for the game on IndieDB since Dino D - Day is now a full - on Indie game that will soon be available for purchase on Steam .
For the time being though I 'll continue posting news to this page .
Thanks to all for playing the mod !
We on the team really hope you enjoy playing the full - game as much as we 've enjoyed making it !
Abe
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Prosecutors filed a civil lawsuit on Thursday to seize control of a New York City skyscraper they say is owned by companies illegally funneling money to the Iranian government .
The suit seeks to revoke the Alavi Foundation and the Assa Corporation ’s ownership of a 36 - storey building at 650 Fifth Avenue in Manhattan .
The original lawsuit filed in December only sought Assa Corp . ’s building share .
Prosecutors said both companies were sending money to Bank Melli , owned by the Iranian government .
The U.S. Treasury has designated the bank as a weapons proliferator and banned U.S. citizens from dealing with it .
Prosecutors said they also intended to seize “ all other assets ” of the two entities , including bank accounts and real estate in New York , Maryland , Virginia , Texas , and California .
Prosecutors say Iran ’s United Nations ambassador has controlled the Alavi Foundation since 1991 .
Pain research often involves investigating the link between the subjective experience of what ’s hurting compared to brain activation , mental state or situation .
While past research has reported gender differences in pain thresholds , a new study casts a hazy light across the field by finding that men consistently report less pain when talking to female researchers .
The experiment included men and women as participants , as well as male and female experimenters , allowing the researchers to compare each combination of the sexes during their research .
Participants had a safe but painful heat applied to their arm and they were asked to report how painful and how unpleasant it was .
They also had heart rate and skin conductance monitors to check how the body reacted .
Women reported the same things to male and female experimenters but men consistently said the pain was less when talking to female staff .
Importantly though , their bodily responses were no different , suggesting that the physical sensation was probably the same , they just minimised it when talking to women .
The fact that men report less pain when talking to women has been found before , but the fact the body ’s reaction was no different is new and tells us that the presence of women was unlikely to have actually reduced the amount of physical suffering .
In other words , pain research that has relied just on self - report may have been affected by men trying to look macho in the lab .
Link to DOI entry and summary of study ( via @researchdigest ) .
British Man Has ' Bionic Bottom '
After accident , Ged Galvin uses a remote control to work his bowels .
Nov. 17 , 2009  --
Ged Galvin keeps a cell phone - sized remote control in his pocket at all times .
But it does n't power his TV or DVD player .
It helps him control his bowels .
In a devastating motorcycle accident two years ago , the 55 - year - old from South Yorkshire , England , suffered major internal injuries .
Though doctors initially thought he might not live , they miraculously restored broken wrists , a shattered leg , a fractured pelvic bone , a detached retina and more .
To Galvin 's dismay , however , they could n't repair the muscles in his bottom responsible for controlling bowel movements .
He underwent a colostomy -- a procedure that allows patients to pass fecal matter through an opening in the abdomen , instead of the rectum , but he said he dreaded living forever with a colostomy bag outside his body .
But an innovative medical technique that allows him to defecate normally , with a pacemaker - like device and remote control , he said , has given him a new lease on life .
" I 've been through immense pain and suffering , " Galvin said .
" And here I am with this bionic bottom now .
I feel great .
I feel fantastic . "
Galvin : Accident ' Ripped Me in Two '
The IT project manager , and father of two , said he was riding his motorcycle near his home two years ago , when a car shot out of a side road .
The collision threw him 20 yards and , he said , " ripped me in two . "
He spent 13 weeks in the hospital and three more in rehab .
At first , doctors did n't think he would even survive the accident .
Then , they did n't think he would ever walk again .
Time and again , Galvin 's progress blew his doctors away .
" I was determined I was going to walk again .
I knew I had to push myself , " he said .
" I 'm really positive about things .
I 've always been like that .
... I just used the same mentality .
I needed to get my body back and that 's the consequence . "
He also added , slyly , " I 'm very stubborn by nature . "
But though he healed beyond everyone 's wildest expectations -- ultimately even walking -- he said doctors still could n't address the problem he disliked most of all : the colostomy bag .
Colostomy Bag Like ' Dark Secret '
" I did n't want to tell people I have a stoma bag , " he said .
" It 's a dark secret you 're living with .
Not necessarily because you 're embarrassed but because you do n't want to embarrass them either . "
Twice , he said , doctors attempted operations to restore the sphincter muscles in his rear that control bowel movements .
But Galvin was told the muscles were damaged beyond repair .
Still , he persevered , and his stubbornness apparently paid off .
His doctor referred him to Dr. Norman Williams , a Royal London Hospital surgeon and bowel disorder specialist , who thought Galvin would be an ideal candidate for his technique .
Called the Electrically Stimulated Gracilis Neosphincter ( ESGN ) operation , the procedure involves cutting a leg muscle from the groin to the knee and wrapping it around the patient 's anus .
The underlying theory is that the muscle , called the gracilis , will serve the function of the damaged sphincter muscle .
Leg Muscle Trained to Control Bowels
Though the gracilis and sphincter are different kinds of muscles -- one only works in short bursts , like when you want to run , and one must constrict continually -- the gracilis can be trained electrically to act like a sphincter and keep the anal canal closed .
To keep the muscle from falling back to its natural state , doctors also place an electrode on the nerve leading to the transplanted gracilis and attach it to a pacemaker - like stimulator in the patient 's abdomen .
When activated , the stimulator sends electric impulses to keep the sphincter closed .
When the stimulator is shut off via remote control , the muscle relaxes , allowing the bowels to open .
Galvin said he can actually relieve himself when the stimulator is still on but it 's easier when it 's off .
" There are lots of people in the same situation as me that potentially this operation can help , " he said .
" It changed my life again . "
According to the U.K. charity , Bowel & Cancer Research , which Williams chairs and which funded Galvin 's procedure , the technique has helped about 180 patients at the Royal London Hospital over the past 20 years .
Similar Technique Only Practiced by a Few U.S. Centers
American doctors say that though the operation has been studied in the United States , the technique is not widely practiced here .
Dr. Robert Cima , a colorectal surgeon with the Mayo Clinic in Rochester , Minn. , estimated that about half a dozen centers in the United States have performed similar operations involving the gracilis and a stimulator since the late 1990s .
But though they found that it was a feasible treatment for fecal incontinence , it led to a number of post - operative downsides .
It is estimated that about a third of patients will have some type of complication , he said .
Though 50 percent to 60 percent of the patients were able to remain continent while the stimulator was on , he said the main problem was keeping the muscle stimulated .
Sometimes the wires connecting the stimulator the muscle would break , other times the muscle just would n't tolerate the constant stimulus , he said .
" Most of the patients who have incontinence are not like this gentleman , " Cima said about Galvin , who said he was very fit at the time of his accident .
" He was the ideal candidate . "
Many patients with incontinence , he said , are older women who experienced fecal incontinence after childbirth .
The lack of a strong gracilis muscle and other damaged nerves and muscles around the anus might compromise the technique 's effectiveness , he added .
For most patients , he said , other treatments for incontinence suffice .
He also emphasized that many people in the United States have colostomy bags , like the one Galvin used to have , and enjoy a high quality of life .
" Their quality of life is similar to that of Americans in general , " he said .
" It all depends on your mindset . "
Even though people do n't talk about it , he said tens of thousands of Americans live with a colostomy bag or something similar .
" It 's not like it was 20 , 30 years ago .
The technology and our understanding of how to construct a good ostomy have changed drastically , " he said .
For his part , Galvin acknowledges that it's " a personal thing , " but added , " It just gave me my confidence back and basically gave me my life back . "
The Italian government has written a draft law combating the hijab worn by Muslim women .
This draft has been given to the parliament for review .
Italy has joined the ranks of a few other European countries in banning the hijab worn by Muslim women .
This law is being presented as a law to the parliament .
The draft law states that wearing the niqab would be considered a crime .
Women who wear the niqab in the streets will be arrested , forced to reveal their faces , and given a fine .
City Debates Gutting Vacant Washington High
Jeff Yarbrough
Sponsored Enter to WIN a free Hapy Kitchen Tour & Swag Bag !
Win a behind - the - scenes tour of our kitchen , see how we make our artisan edibles , and get some swag .
For more than 30 years , inner Southeast Portland residents have agitated for a community center in their part of town .
Ever since Portland Public Schools moved out of Washington High School on SE 15th and Stark six years ago , neighbors have eyed the plum piece of property and historic school that has sat vacant .
At a public meeting last night , the Portland Parks Department and SERA Architects publicly presented two plans for finally building a community center at Washington High School .
But neither plan is perfect : one involves buying Washington High from Portland Public Schools ( PPS ) and demolishing the interior to build a community center inside , the second plan would build on the grassy acres next to the high school building , leaving the decaying school in the hands of PPS .
Two WaHi options : click to enlarge !
And either option brings a hefty price tag — $ 49.5 million to build a community center on the adjacent lot and $ 59.4 million to build it inside the high school , plus the cost of buying the building from PPS .
The citizen advisory committee is rushing ( " working fast and furious " in the words of Parks Director Zari Santner ) to choose a final plan .
The neighborhood needs to decide on a set plan by the end of this month to have it included in the bond measure Parks plans to put in front of voters in 2010 .
If that funding falls through , the community center idea could be stalled for who knows how many more years .
For the children !
Cute signs at last night 's meeting .
Opinion at the meeting last night was divided on the idea of " gutting and stuffing " Washington High , which is up for Historic Landmark designation this month ( and , by the way , if the school gets it , the gutting plan is off ) .
The Buckman neighborhood association voted to support the gutting option because putting the community center within the walls of the old building will save land , " reduce neighborhood impact " and reuse a beautiful but neglected building .
Also , as advisory committee chair Susan Lindsay put it , if Parks does not buy the school from PPS , there 's the distinct possibility it will molder vacant for another decade .
“ I ’m fearful that the building will be razed , or sit there for ten years in disrepair , " said Lindsay last night , bluntly adding that PPS " has sat on properties " rather than turn them over to cities or neighborhoods .
After the meeting wrapped up , Kerns resident Mary Francillon filled out the community opinion survey as other residents looked over plans and asked questions .
On the survey section asking which plan she supports , Francillon had crossed out the middle option , " Either one is great ! " and scrawled in , " Neither one is good enough ! "
" I think the building should be saved , " explained Francillon , " But I 'm afraid to see it sit there for decades . "
More on this story below the cut !
PLUS : Should Portland Public Schools hand over Washington
High to the city for free so it can become a community center ?
The Buckman neighborhood and Parks department originally planned to build the community center on the corner of SE 12th and Stark , and bought that 4.5 acres from PPS for $ 4.5 million five years ago , thinking Washington High School would be remodeled into condos ( like Queen Anne High in Seattle ) .
But as the economy tanked , the condo deal with Beam Development fell through and Portland first eastside high school is back to square one .
Though the building was appraised for $ 4.65 million back in 2006 and it's structurally sound , according to SERA 's architects , it also needs seismic upgrades and there 's no way the inside of the building could be just slightly remodeled to fit the pool (s ) neighbors want in a community center .
Historic preservation advocates and some neighbors in the crowd were upset at the idea of demolishing the school 's interior .
I wrote a very short history of WaHi last month , mentioning some of the same details about the building that historic preservation group Bosco - Milligan called out in a stern letter it circulated ast night saying the gut and stuff option is unacceptable .
" The tactic of ' hurry up and pick the easy option or get left out of the bond measure ' is obvious and inappropriate , " reads the letter .
Historic preservation advocate Brian Libby criticized the " gut and stuff " idea on Portland Architecture , suggesting PPS donate the school to PICA , hosts of the fabulous Time Based Arts festival which occupied Washington High in September , reviving the school for a month and showcasing the adaptive reuse of its beautiful classrooms .
One neighbor in the crowd last night piped up : " As a structurally sound building , it certainly seems better to be used by someone else , rather than spending all this money gutting it out . ”
Since cost is a big factor in this project , rather than having Parks shill out $ 4.65 million to buy Washington High School , some neighbors in last night 's crowd felt strongly that PPS should just give the school to the Parks Department and save itself both the trouble of finding a buyer and the costs of maintaining the aging school .
As Francillion opined , " The money all comes from the same pot — the taxpayers ! "
Portland native and 20 - something Sunnyside resident Ben Rhinger agreed .
" It would be sad to see the interior space destroyed , but it does n't seem like the school district is going to do anything with it , they 're just sitting on it .
So why can't they just give it away to save the city the money ? "
But PPS representative CJ Sylvester did not seem moved by the idea .
" Our board has the fiduciary responsibility to sell lands at fair market value , " she told the crowd .
The money from a possible sale of the site has already been promised to other school sites , so giving it away or cutting the city a deal would mean taking promised money away from the other schools ' coffers , Sylvester explained .
The nitty gritty on both plans and upcoming meetings are here at the city website .
A top Indonesian official says Prime Minister Kevin Rudd 's plan to pay Indonesia to intercept asylum seekers will top $ 50 million .
The price tag was revealed after another asylum seeker boat made its way into Australian waters this afternoon , taking the number of boats intercepted to four this week .
The 33 passengers and crew are now on their way to Christmas Island .
Indonesia 's director - general of immigration has told the ABC Indonesia will need at least $ 50 million to adequately process asylum seekers .
" We need much more funding for advanced passenger processing development , " he said .
" For one checkpoint we need at least $ 10 million and we have at least five checkpoints . "
But the Australian Government will not confirm the amount .
Home Affairs Minister Brendan O'Connor says Australia will continue working with INdonesia on the issue .
" And we 'll continue to provide resources to assist our friends as they assist us in combating this regional problem , " Mr O'Connor said .
Indonesian authorities have now diverted the Oceanic Viking , with its cargo of 78 asylum seekers who were rescued last weekend .
The 78 Sri Lankan asylum seekers on board the Oceanic Viking are now on their way to a detention centre on the Indonesian island of Bintan , close to Singapore .
Abuse claims
The centre was built using Australian money , but the current residents have not given it a glowing review .
" During the night about 2:00 am , midnight , they come and hit some people .
They choose us one by one and hit some people , " one detainee said .
The local immigration authorities say the allegations are unfounded .
The Oceanic Viking was originally set to dock in Merak in western Java , but it was diverted by the Indonesian authorities and will not arrive at its new destination for at least two days .
Home Affairs Minister Brendan O'Connor says it is up to Indonesia to decide where they want the asylum seekers .
" They 're the lead agency and it's in Indonesian territory now and so of course they will determine the port , " he said .
Meanwhile , Human Rights Commission spokeswoman Cathy Branson says facilities at the Christmas Island detention centre are already inappropriate and will not cope with the latest increase in detainees .
The problems will be exacerbated .
There is limited infrastructure on Christmas Island , " she said .
" There is not a permanent psychiatrist on the island , for example , so that counselling for trauma and torture is difficult . "
The Government has no intention of closing Christmas Island and ending mandatory detention .
It says it is an essential element of border control .
A few miles from Los Angeles City Hall , a small experiment in marijuana regulation has been underway for years .
While the state ’s largest city passed a flawed moratorium , failed to enforce it , debated proposed rules endlessly and watched flummoxed as dispensaries multiplied , West Hollywood pressed ahead .
Confronted with its own dispensary explosion in 2005 , the city surrounded by L.A. imposed a moratorium on dispensaries , clamped interim rules on the ones that were open , passed a strict ordinance and capped the number allowed at four , all within two years .
When the West Hollywood City Council updated its ordinance earlier this month , the vote was unanimous , no residents spoke in opposition and the city ’s dispensary operators lined up in support .
Today , in contrast , two Los Angeles council committees will hold what is sure to be a boisterously contentious hearing as they try to finish an ordinance now in its fifth draft .
Advertisement
In West Hollywood , city officials say , it ’s been more than two years since a resident has complained about a dispensary .
Neighborhood watch leaders say their streets are safer because the dispensary guards are required to walk nearby blocks .
School officials welcome dispensaries as neighbors .
And the L.A. County Sheriff ’s Department , which patrols the city , says there have been no recent crimes at dispensaries and no calls from agitated neighbors .
“ We ’ve been on top of this from Day 1 , ” said Lisa Belsanti , a senior management analyst with the city who helped draw up its rules .
“ There ’s a problem , but it ’s in Los Angeles , it ’s not in West Hollywood . ”
Cities with no medical marijuana regulations , including Los Angeles , San Diego and Long Beach , have seen an outcry from neighborhoods upset that dispensaries open wherever they want , often in close proximity , and attract nuisances , such as traffic , and real dangers , such as robberies .
But some cities , notably San Francisco and Oakland , have tightly regulated their dispensaries , and officials there say they have had little or no trouble with them .
Advertisement
Although at 1.9 square miles and about 36,000 people West Hollywood is a fraction of L.A. 's size , it offers an example of how a city that adopted rules and enforced them has largely eliminated its problems .
“ We ’ve kept them on a short leash , ” said City Councilman John Duran , who has been involved with medical marijuana issues for years .
“ Today , we have minimal complaints , and they are acting responsibly . ”
West Hollywood -- with its large population of gays and seniors and its pride in its progressive politics -- welcomed medical marijuana as word spread that it can help AIDS patients and glaucoma sufferers .
But it too experienced a neighborhood backlash as the number of dispensaries started to climb in 2004 and 2005 .
Three appeared within a block of Fountain Day School .
One , the Farmacy , was around the corner .
Its customers lit up in a parking lot shared with the private school , upsetting parents .
Advertisement
“ All of a sudden they started opening up boom , boom , boom , boom , boom , ” said Andrew Rakos , the school ’s general manager .
“ Our parent organization came to me and said we ’re not happy about this .
There was an immediate influx of a lot of unsavory people . ”
The Farmacy is run by a pharmacist , JoAnna LaForce , who has treated critically ill patients with marijuana for more than 15 years .
She contacted the school ’s parent organization , offered tours of her store , hired security and banned smoking in the parking lot .
The Farmacy , like the other dispensaries , belongs to the Chamber of Commerce and its manager serves on a community advisory board .
“ We ’re just part of the community , a part of the neighborhood .
They do n’t see us as a risk , ” said LaForce , who has watched the situation in Los Angeles with dismay .
She also has Farmacy dispensaries in Venice and Westwood that followed the rules to operate under the city ’s moratorium .
Rakos is now one of the Farmacy ’s most valuable supporters .
Because it was within 500 feet of the school , the city wanted the Farmacy to move by the end of the year .
But Rakos asked the City Council to make an exception , and it did .
“ We felt that it was important for the city to know that there are some businesses that are not only respectful , but listened to the needs of the community , ” he said .
Advertisement
In Los Angeles , a controversial draft ordinance has ping - ponged between the council and the city attorney ’s office .
Neighborhood activists and dispensary operators have been largely excluded , except to speak at public hearings .
West Hollywood officials , however , worked closely with residents , dispensary owners and the Sheriff ’s Department .
The West Hollywood ordinance restricts where dispensaries can open , sets security requirements , limits hours and bans on - site consumption .
It goes further than the proposed Los Angeles ordinance to ensure that dispensaries are responsible neighbors .
The dispensaries must provide nearby residents with the name and phone number of a contact person .
To discourage robberies , dispensaries must deposit each day ’s cash .
Security guards have to patrol a two - block radius to prevent loitering and smoking , and guards must be unarmed .
“ We do n’t want the wild , wild West shootouts over marijuana and cash , ” Duran said .
The city also requires the dispensary operators to meet regularly with city officials to discuss problems .
Those meetings are now very short .
“ We go in there for 10 minutes , ” LaForce said , “ and they say -- the sheriffs in there -- any problems ?
No .
Any concerns ?
No . ”
Advertisement
City officials were alarmed recently when Los Angeles County Dist .
Atty .
Steve Cooley said he believed most dispensaries were illegal and threatened to prosecute them .
But Sheriff Lee Baca , who has advised cities to ban dispensaries , said he considers West Hollywood a model and even suggested Los Angeles adopt the same ordinance .
Baca said his deputies work closely with the city ’s dispensaries .
“ I know they ’re transparent , and I think the key is that our people can go in there at any time and look at their documentation , ” he said .
“ What we ’re interested in is organizations that try to blend commercial sales with medical sales .
That ’s clearly illegal . ”
West Hollywood has four approved dispensaries , all on busy Santa Monica Boulevard .
Don Duncan , the area ’s most visible medical marijuana advocate as the California director for Americans for Safe Access , runs the unflashy Los Angeles Patients & Caregivers Group .
A security guard is always on the sidewalk in front of the cannabis - green storefront .
Advertisement
“ We have n’t had a complaint in three years , ” Duncan said .
The Farmacy , unlike most outlets , leaves its door open , inviting passersby to check out its surf - and - Buddha - influenced vibe .
Alternative Herbal Health Services , across the street , is more discreet , with a colorful sign much like those found at natural food stores .
Near the west end of town is the Zen Healing Collective , with an enormous neon cannabis leaf in the window .
A fifth dispensary , the Sunset Super Shop , which city officials want to shut down , occupies a metaphorical sweet spot on the Sunset Strip between the Hustler Hollywood boutique ( sex ) and the Whisky a Go Go ( rock ‘ n ’ roll ) .
Advertisement
One issue still troubles some West Hollywood officials : that people exploit the state ’s medical marijuana laws to buy pot simply to get high or to resell .
“ There are a lot of people that hang around that look to us as undesirables , but we do n’t really get many complaints from the community , ” said sheriff ’s Lt. Dave Smith .
Duran believes the downside does not outweigh the benefit of giving truly sick people safe access to marijuana and creating a system that allows the city to monitor sales .
“ We ’re the home of the Sunset Strip , ” he said .
“ We ’ve had people smoking marijuana on Sunset since 1920 .
That ’s not going to change . ”
--
Advertisement
john.hoeffel@latimes.com
This script 's punchline was tricky to write because most ( okay , just about ALL ) of my other characters are too self - aware to have this kind of argument without realizing how silly it is .
But I do n't think Marigold is really like that ( and last thing my comic needs is yet another super - detached female character who is constantly self - analyzing and quipping about everything she says ) .
So yeah .
WRITING IZ HARDSOh also !
You should do me a favor and take this short 10 - question survey about QC !
It will help me HAVE IDEAS .
See you tomorrow .
The German Federal elections took place this Sunday and the Pirate Party , hoping to gain a seat or two , ramped up the pressure .
Despite strong showings in the local council elections a week or two earlier , they failed to win a seat in the Parliament , getting only 2 % of the vote , falling short of the required 5 % minimum .
Going into the elections , the ‘ Piratenpartei ’ must have been on a high .
In local elections two weeks ago members of the Pirate Party were elected onto the city councils of Munster and Aachen , and just one week ago , in youth elections , they scooped almost 10 % of the youth vote .
Despite all this , 2 % was the best they could achieve in the Federal elections , although in itself , that is still not an easy figure to achieve .
However , it is short of the 5 % barrier required to enter the German Parliament .
It also means that the seat they gained from the defection of Jörg Tauss has been lost .
Yet positives remain .
Like their Swedish brethren , the Pirate Party is now the largest outside of government , eclipsing many established ‘ broad spectrum ’ parties .
It also qualifies for federal funding , which at 0.85 Euros per vote nets the party somewhere in the region of € 720,000 ( or $ 1,050,000 US ) from their 845,904 votes , plus additional money to match 38 % of contributions and membership fees .
Perhaps the biggest accomplishment is that the party has gained more votes in this election than the entire movement has before .
It got a very strong showing with first - time voters , with Business Week reporting up to 13 % of that group went Pirate .
The party has also grown its membership tenfold in just a few months , to around 10,000 .
Not as fast as seen in Sweden , but still impressive .
Jens Seipenbusch , national party chairman , was upbeat about the results .
“ Our new style of politics touches the nerve of the people in Germany .
We will continue to bank on participatory politics and to fight for civil rights online as well as offline . ”
While it ’s easy to focus on the negative , the positive is there as well .
The party doubled its vote percentage in just a few months .
With the funding , the rapid growth of members and the high profile the party has received in the media , it can only be a matter of time before the party gains more seats .
Honesty : I never , in my wildest dreams , expected your slow shutter photography to be this crazy - awesome .
But 74 of you turned in some humbling shots for this week 's Shooting Challenge .
Advertisement
First Place
Advertisement
" Smoke Signal was taken with an Olympus sp350 set to night scene .
This was taken with a color changing led rave light about six inches long by 1 /2 inch wide that I wrapped with electrical tape to create a candy cane stripe .
I placed the light on my record turn table at a slow RPM and swiped the camera vertically to create the spinning stripe "
- Brad Bogle
Second Place
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
" No photoshop !
To take this photo , I set up some white paper for a background in a dark room .
I laid strawberries on a table and separately stood up a banana with some cardboard and tape .
With the lights on , I set up a quick - release tripod properly framing the banana ( this makes it much easier later ) .
Now the lights are off .
So now I set my camera to bulb and used my built - in pop up flash to shoot straight down on the strawberries , filling the frame .
Keeping my finger on the shutter button , I put my camera on the tripod and then hit the pilot button on an external flash .
The flash hits the white background behind the banana , silhouetting it briefly .
Effectively , this washes out all of the original photo of the strawberries except for where the silhouette is , thereby superimposing the first image into the second .
And you get a cool glossy product - shot - reflection - look that results from the shadow drop off of the external - flash ( although if you look closely , you 'll notice the " reflection " is actually just other strawberries from the initial shot )
And now you can have a strawberry - banana !
Canon 20D 17-55 IS lens @ f/22 ISO 200 13s ( multiple focal length ) "
- Jason Yore
Third Place
Advertisement
Nikon D5000 ; Nikkor 18-200 mm VR ; Exposure : 36.5 seconds ; Aperture : f/5.0 ; Focal Length : 38 mm ; ISO : 400 ; WB : Daylight .
I had a friend spin some burning steel wool in an eggbeater attached to a lanyard at the top of the overpass .
What you 're seeing are the resulting spark trails .
More here .
[ Ed note : the umbrella shots are even more impressive ]
- Dan DeChiaro
These placements are almost unfair with so many good shots being in the mix .
I wish that I could honorable mention you all .
Check the gallery .
It 's well - worth a waste of 10 minutes .
Follow Gizmodo's Shooting Challenge on Facebook Gizmodo's Shooting Challenge is a weekly opportunity to dust off that fancy dSLR and experiment with hundreds of others in a new photography theme announced every Wednesday .
May the best shot rule the internet for a week !
You can easily follow Gizmodo 's Shooting Challenge on Facebook : Facebook.com/ShootingChallenge
Traditional management models do n't tell leaders how to support their Agile teams without undermining their emerging self - organisation .
Allusions to musical performance and " conducting the orchestra " abound - but not everyone agrees this is apt .
Is the " conductor " model a good practice or an anti-pattern ?
In his TED talk , former conductor Itay Talgam shows us video of several types of conductors , and talks about what their style does to the " teams " they lead .
And perhaps we also need to take into account the styles of the teams themselves .
In this 20 - minute talk , entitled " Lead like the Great Conductors , " Talgam says from experience that the ability to stand up and bring order out of chaos feels fantastic , and that it 's a great temptation for the conductor to think " it 's all about me . "
In fact , the small gestures of that one person are quite insufficient to bring about the magnificent music of the orchestra .
it is the product of everyone contributing their stories , their skills .
Different conductors engage these skills in different ways , and may in fact help or hinder this process .
Talgam showed films of , and then discussed , the styles of five famous conductors .
They are outlined here , but it 's really worth watching the body language in the films he shows .
It 's amazing how much one can influence a group without words !
Riccardo Muti - who , it is said , felt personally responsible to the composer to deliver to perfection his own ( Muti's ) interpretation of the music .
Muti's controlling physical style apparently mirrored the control he exerted over the orchestra's interpretations .
( After many years tenure , Muti was petitioned to resign by the entire orchestra and staff of La Scala ) .
- who , it is said , felt personally responsible to the composer to deliver to perfection his own ( Muti's ) interpretation of the music .
Muti's controlling physical style apparently mirrored the control he exerted over the orchestra's interpretations .
( After many years tenure , Muti was petitioned to resign by the entire orchestra and staff of La Scala ) .
Richard Strauss - who some consider " wrote the book " for conductors , was a much calmer conductor .
He apparently insisted that a conductor who 's sweaty at the end of a performance " did something wrong . "
He did , however , exert another form of control on the orchestra , insisting on strict adherence to the score .
His orchestras worked " by the book ' .
- who some consider " wrote the book " for conductors , was a much calmer conductor .
He apparently insisted that a conductor who 's sweaty at the end of a performance " did something wrong . "
He did , however , exert another form of control on the orchestra , insisting on strict adherence to the score .
His orchestras worked " by the book ' .
Herbert von Karajan , on the other hand , often conducted with his eyes closed , and as though the orchestra should read his mind , with vague emotional gestures that offered no clear guidance , according to Talgam .
His orchestras must find their own way through the music , and if they did their job well , it would match with what he believed was the right way .
Asked by one player : " When should I start ? " he answered : " When you ca n't stand it any more " .
, on the other hand , often conducted with his eyes closed , and as though the orchestra should read his mind , with vague emotional gestures that offered no clear guidance , according to Talgam .
His orchestras must find their own way through the music , and if they did their job well , it would match with what he believed was the right way .
Asked by one player : " When should I start ? " he answered : " When you ca n't stand it any more " .
Carlos Kleiber - an energetic conductor , who partnered with his players and audience by setting up the conditions for the music to happen and allowing them to co-create with him .
The process was apparently tiring but very rewarding for the musicians .
- an energetic conductor , who partnered with his players and audience by setting up the conditions for the music to happen and allowing them to co-create with him .
The process was apparently tiring but very rewarding for the musicians .
Leonard Berstein - who at times put his baton away and simply stood enjoying the music .
He , too , produced orchestral music through a process that intimately involved the members of his team , and like a good coach , when his job was well done , they worked beautifully without him , creating something unique .
" Any great work of art revives and readapts time and space , and the measure of its success is the extent to which it makes you an inhabitant of that world -- the extent to which it invites you in and lets you breathe its strange , special air . "
Depending on which model one references , it 's easy to understand why some espouse the idea of Agile leadership as " conducting ' , while others insist that the the orchestral conductor model has no place within a self - organising team model .
The fact is that not all teams are alike , and perhaps they should not be led in the same way .
The Hershey - Blanchard " Situational Leadership " model was referenced several times at the recent ScrumGathering in Munich .
Joseph Railin , in Creating Leaderful Organizations calls it a " Followership Model " because it suggests that the key to helping team members growing into leadership lies in matching one 's leadership style to the team 's level of readiness to follow .
Hershey and Blanchard identified four different states of " readiness to follow " .
Note that " able " indicates ability to do work tasks both intellectually ( training ) and emotionally ( personal maturity ) .
Ideally teams progress through these to reach " Able , Willing " .
What we 've learned from the Tuckman " - orming model " suggests that events or situations can cause teams to thrash back through previous states ( for example : new team members or economic instability ) .
It 's also worth noting that , by some definitions , until a group is at least " willing " it cannot really be considered a team .
For each of the four follower orientations , Hershey and Blanchard identify a different style of leadership as useful .
This means that what worked wonders for one team may not be helpful to the next , or not for every member .
It appears that an Agile leader may need a toolkit of different approaches .
In this model , the axes represent attitudes of the leader : " Relationship Oriented " refers to the emphasis required on the relationship between leader and followers , and " Task Oriented " refers to the effort that the leader needs to put into readying followers to do the actual tasks .
Other names have also been used for these leadership styles :
Telling Directing Selling Coaching Participating Joining , Supporting Delegating Trusting
A clear , brief discussion of what the " readiness " states look like and how each style can be applied and misapplied is available on the website of the Science and Technology Commission of Shanghai Municipality .
The model , dating from 1972 , is also referenced in numerous management and leadership books .
A car bomb blast tore through a crowded market Tuesday in a city near Peshawar and killed 34 people , the third terrorist attack to strike the area in three days .
The blast occurred in Charsadda , about 25 miles northeast of Peshawar .
More than 50 people were injured in the attack , believed carried out by a suicide bomber , Charsadda police official Riaz Khan said .
As Pakistani troops continued to battle Taliban militants in the South Waziristan tribal region along the Afghan border , authorities have failed to stem the retaliatory violence that militants have inflicted on the country .
Peshawar , in the northwest on the edge of the nation ’s largely lawless tribal areas , has been hardest hit .
Advertisement
The blast in Charsadda was preceded by a suicide bomb attack Monday by a passenger on a motorcycle rickshaw that killed three people in Peshawar and a suicide bomb blast Sunday at a cattle market in the village of Adazai , in the city ’s suburbs , that killed the village ’s mayor and 17 other people .
On Oct. 28 , a car bomb blast at a crowded bazaar in Peshawar killed 118 people , many of them women and children .
And an Oct. 9 suicide car bomb blast at a Peshawar market claimed 53 lives .
In a shift in tactics , militants are no longer focusing suicide bomb strikes on police and security installations , instead broadening their scope to include busy city markets , where it is extremely difficult to scrutinize every person and car .
“ They have started targeting public places , ” said Mian Iftikhar Hussain , North - West Frontier Province ’s information minister .
Peshawar is the province ’s capital .
Advertisement
“ They are punishing innocent people for supporting the army operation [ in South Waziristan ] .
But the people will not lose hope . ”
Peshawar is especially vulnerable because of its proximity to tribal areas , such as the Khyber and Orakzai districts , where many Taliban militants remain holed up .
Peshawar police officials say they have tightened security on roads into the city and increased the number of checkpoints , but the measures appear to have had little effect .
Speaking to Pakistan ’s parliament Tuesday night , Prime Minister Yusaf Raza Gillani said the government should reallocate more funding to North - West Frontier Province , which is bearing the brunt of the militant violence .
“ We are fighting a guerrilla war , ” Gillani said .
“ These terrorist attacks are a reaction to our success ” in South Waziristan .
Advertisement
--
alex.rodriguez@latimes.com
Special correspondent Zulfiqar Ali in Peshawar contributed to this report .
It honours the war dead – and causes controversy every year
Age : 87 .
Appearance : Wonky muffin case containing throat pastille .
What is it ?
The artificial red flower is an emblem worn to honour the dead from the first world war , and all other wars .
Ah , yes .
A time - honoured British tradition .
Actually , it was an American idea .
How dare you .
It 's true .
Inspired by the poem In Flanders Field , American schoolteacher Moina Belle Michael bought poppies and sold them to raise money for ex-servicemen .
The British Legion adopted the poppy two years later , in 1922 .
And the idea took off ?
It certainly did .
Last year 26 m poppies were sold , raising £ 30 m .
Twenty - six million !
Where are they made ?
In some terrible sweat shop in Asia ?
No , they 're made in a factory in Richmond , west London , by a team of 50 , most of them ex-service people and disabled , working all year round .
It sounds like a noble fund - raising exercise and a straightforward symbol of remembrance to which no possible controversy could attach itself .
Remember where you live , man .
What do you mean ?
Poppies attract controversy in Britain every year : TV presenters being compelled to wear them , Jon Snow 's annual refusal to wear one , people wearing them at the wrong time . . .
The wrong time ?
Although there is no official etiquette , some traditionalists feel the poppy should not be worn outside in the week before Remembrance Sunday .
Others say it can be worn from All Souls ' Day ( 2 November ) to Armistice Day ( 11 November ) .
So do people put them on earlier every year , like Christmas lights ?
Former minister Tony McNulty was seen wearing one on television on 15 October , before the poppies even went on sale .
It has been unkindly suggested that he 'd saved last year's .
Do they come in any other colours ?
The Peace Pledge Union does a white one , for peace .
Do say : " I 'll take one of each , just to be on the safe side . "
Do n't say : " Look !
I made my own this year ! "
A road trial of plug - in hybrid electric vehicles ( PHEVs ) , which could one day end up in every Australian driveway , is underway .
Over the next three months , staff from Victorian energy distributor SP AusNet will use the PHEVs for their daily drive to work and for leisure as part of CSIRO and SP AusNet trial .
CSIRO engineers have modified the PHEVs to carry a 30Ah NiMH battery which is capable of holding a 6 kw charge , and a battery charger , to allow the cars to plug into and charge with electricity from the grid or from on - site renewable energy sources .
CSIRO Energy Transformed Flagship scientist Dr Phillip Paevere said the road trial is collecting extensive information on how the existing PHEV technology could be used for a new application : using the car as a large mobile battery which can be integrated and used in the home .
" The PHEVs have been fitted with instruments which will monitor the travel patterns of different users , and the residual battery power left in the car at the end of the day , which could be available for other uses , " Dr Paevere said .
" When not needed , the parked car in the driveway could potentially become a large battery store and energy source for the house , running appliances or storing off - peak or surplus electricity generated from on - site renewable generators , such as solar panels . "
SP AusNet spokesperson , Sean Sampson , said the trial will also allow thorough analysis of what the electricity demands are likely to be when PHEVs are connected to the network for charging .
" The introduction of electric vehicles into the mainstream market could have a significant impact on the electricity network , " Mr Sampson said .
" They may also dramatically affect the output at residential and retail outlets and the forecasted growth of peak and base demands . "
The transport sector accounts for 14 per cent of Australia 's total greenhouse gas emissions .
PHEVs have the potential to reduce our emissions and may also provide a way to manage peak demand on the electricity grid .
By controlling when PHEVs are recharging from the electricity network the burden of demand can be shifted .
Furthermore , the car battery can be drawn upon to provide power during peak periods of demand , prevent blackouts when there is a network supply interruption and assist in maintaining the overall stability of the network .
The road trial is the first phase in understanding the potential for using PHEVs in Australian homes .
The PHEV technology will also be used in the home energy system of CSIRO 's Zero Emission House ( AusZEH ) project .
The demonstration home will be open to the public in summer 2009 .
###
CSIRO initiated the National Research Flagships to provide science - based solutions in response to Australia 's major research challenges and opportunities .
The 10 Flagships form multidisciplinary teams with industry and the research community to deliver impact and benefits for Australia .
Image available at : http://www. scienceimage .
csiro . au/ mediarelease / mr09-186 . html
Further Information :
Phillip Paevere , Energy Transformed Flagship
Ph:03 9252 6220
E:Phillip.Paevere@csiro.au
Sean Sampson , SP Ausnet
Ph:03 9625 0199
Background information available at :
http://www. csiro . au/ resources / Plug - In - Hybrid-Electric - Vehicle .
html
Media Assistance :
Keirissa Lawson , Energy Transformed Flagship
Ph:02 4960 6109
Mb:0418282055
E:Keirissa.Lawson@csiro.au
www.csiro.au
On this Thursday edition of The Lost Podcast : We discuss the first 3 episode titles of Season 6 .
Premiere a new Lost Parody Song from Jack titled “ Long Live Locke ” .
We also get into some Listener Feedback .
Be sure to check out our new sponsor at GlobalCashCard.com
Subscribe ( AAC : MP3 ) l Talk LOST l Be our friend l Jay and Jack Store l Survey
Lost Podcast ( AAC ) : Ep. 4.42 “ Long Live Locke ” .m4a
The genome of the cucumber has been sequenced by an international consortium lead by Chinese and U.S. institutions .
The annotated genome is published online Nov. 1 by the journal Nature Genetics .
The cucumber genome will give insight into the genetics of the whole cucurbit family , which includes pumpkins and squash , melon and watermelon , and be a platform for research in plant biology , said William Lucas , professor and chair of the Department of Plant Biology at the University of California , Davis .
Lucas helped with the development and management of the project .
" This is going to help a large community -- we can now go ten times faster than we could before , " Lucas said .
Lucas studies the vascular transport systems , phloem and xylem , that plants use to move nutrients , minerals and signaling molecules throughout the body of the plant .
Pumpkins and cucumber are model plants for studying vascular transport , because their vascular system is large and easy to access .
The Lucas research group has shown that plants use both proteins and RNA -- molecules copied or transcribed from DNA -- as signaling molecules that are transported around the plant through the phloem .
These signals can affect plant growth , coordinate activity through the plant and help it fight infection .
For example , in 2007 they showed that " florigen , " the signal that tells the growing tips of plants to make flowers in response to seasonal changes , is a protein transmitted through the phloem .
The new study identified 800 phloem proteins in the cucumber genome .
With the help of the genome data , researchers will be able to rapidly identify and characterize all the protein , RNA and other molecules in the phloem sap , Lucas said .
There are already indications that far more is going on in the phloem than anybody , " including me , " had previously expected , he said .
The study shows that five of the seven chromosomes in cucumber arose from ten ancestral chromosomes shared with melon , and gene - coding stretches of DNA share about 95 percent similarity to melon .
Preliminary studies in the Lucas lab at UC Davis have established comparable similarity between cucumber and pumpkin .
The cucumber genome will also provide insights into traits such as disease and pest - resistance , the " fresh green " odor of the fruit , bitter flavors and sex expression .
The cucumber is the seventh plant to have its genome sequence published , following the well - studied model plant Arabidopsis thaliana , the poplar tree , grapevine , papaya , and the crops rice and sorghum .
The sequencing effort , begun earlier this year , was coordinated by Professor Sanwen Huang of the Chinese Academy of Agricultural Science and included the Genome Center at the Beijing Genome Institute - Shenzhen and UC Davis as well as several laboratories in China and others in the U.S. , Denmark , the Netherlands , Australia and South Korea .
Part of the effort relied on new methods developed by the Beijing Genome Institute to assemble short pieces of DNA , about 50 base pairs , into the sequence .
The Beijing Genome Institute - Shenzhen can now sequence and assemble genomes much faster , and at lower cost , than previously possible , Lucas said .
" This will be the forerunner for many genomes done at a cost - effective rate , " he said .
Source : University of California - Davis
Explore further Flowering Signal Found
As you know over the past couple of months we have been working on the new features for WordPress 2.9 .
We have also been working on trying to make WordPress as secure as possible and during this process we have identified a number of security hardening changes that we thought were worth back - porting to the 2.8 branch so as to get these improvements out there and make all your sites as secure as possible .
The headline changes in this release are :
A fix for the Trackback Denial - of - Service attack that is currently being seen .
Removal of areas within the code where php code in variables was evaluated .
Switched the file upload functionality to be whitelisted for all users including Admins .
Retiring of the two importers of Tag data from old plugins .
We would recommend that all sites are upgraded to this new version of WordPress to ensure that you have the best available protection .
If you think your site may have been hit by one of the recent exploits and you would like to make sure that you have cleared out all traces of the exploit then we would recommend that you take a look at the WordPress Exploit Scanner .
This is a plugin which searches the files on your website , and the posts and comments tables of your database for anything suspicious .
It also examines your list of active plugins for unusual filenames .
You can read more about this plugin here – “ WordPress Exploit Scanner “
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Email
Drug company funding of continuing medical education for doctors has become one of the most lucrative ways for pharmaceutical firms to promote and sell their products , adding to the enormous cost of health care in the United States , according to testimony Wednesday before a U.S. Senate hearing .
" CME ( continuing medical education ) has become an insidious vehicle for aggressive promotion of drugs and medical devices , " said Steven Nissen , chairman of cardiovascular medicine at the Cleveland Clinic .
" CME has largely evolved into marketing , cleverly disguised as education . "
Nissen was one of several experts to testify on conflicts of interest in doctor education activity before the Senate Special Committee on Aging , led by Sen. Herb Kohl ( D - Wis . ) .
In questioning from Kohl , Nissen said the U.S. spends , on a per capita basis , $ 90 billion a year more than other industrialized countries , largely as a result of prescribing habits promoted by doctor education activities .
If those costs were eliminated , it could fund a major portion of health care reform , he said .
Drug companies now spend more than $ 1 billion a year to fund doctor education , accounting for more than half of all such activity .
Influencing use
Critics contend that it leads to more use of expensive brand - name drugs and the use of those drugs for unproven therapies .
The Journal Sentinel has published a series of stories this year raising questions about the influence of pharmaceutical companies at the University of Wisconsin School of Medicine and Public Health , including several stories on drug company - funded doctor education .
Drug companies spend about $ 13 million a year to fund UW medical education courses , and the university receives about $ 3 million of that .
In written statement to the committee , Robert Golden , dean of the UW medical school , said all of America 's health care teaching institutions should abide by clear standards that eliminate or manage conflicts of interest .
" Transparency , however , must be a basic element of any approach to conflict of interest , " Golden said .
However , Nissen noted that the flow of money is so enticing that large academic medical centers now compete with for - profit entities known as medical education companies for industry funding .
Often those firms work with medical schools such as UW to produce doctor education material with funding from drug companies .
While the grants are supposed to be unrestricted , often there is a " wink and a nod " in which the private companies pick speakers and topics that will please the drug company , Nissen said .
Eye on the market
Drug companies can use their sponsorship of doctor education to increase market share and maximize their return on investment , said Lewis Morris , chief counsel for the Office of Inspector General in the Department of Health and Human Services .
He noted a study showing that every dollar spent by a drug company on doctor education activities generated $ 3.56 in increased revenue .
Sometimes continuing medical education can work as a cleverly disguised form of a kickback , he said .
In such cases , a drug company might reward a doctor who prescribes large amounts of its drugs by directing a contractor to pay or overpay that doctor to be a CME faculty member , he said .
He noted that in 2006 , Medtronic paid $ 40 million to settle allegations that it illegally paid doctors to promote and use its spinal devices .
The payments included free travel and lodging for the surgeons and their families at lavish locations in Hawaii , Cancun and Malaysia for discussion groups of no or limited substance , he said .
Sometimes drug company - sponsored doctor education does not mention a specific drug , but rather a disease or condition that can be treated by the company 's drug , said Adriane Fugh - Berman , a physician with Georgetown University Medical Center and director of PharmedOut , an organization that helps doctors resist inappropriate drug promotion .
Focus on disease
She said drug company - sponsored doctor education is used to sell drugs by selling diseases , often by emphasizing the severity or prevalence of a disease to expand a market .
" Manipulating physicians ' understanding of the prevalence or severity of a medical condition can lead to over - treatment and expose patients to the adverse effects of drugs without significant benefit , " she said .
In a statement , the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America said there is no conclusive evidence that drug company funding of doctor education creates bias .
" Eliminating commercial funding of CME would not benefit patients or doctors , " the group said .
Nevertheless , the group said its revised code calls for drug companies to separate doctor education grant - making decisions from the sales and marketing departments .
In an interview after the hearing , Kohl said continuing medical education for doctors is important and also expensive .
While drug companies expect the money they spend will help promote their products , he did not think those financial relationships were rife with corruption .
" We need a firewall to separate science from commerce , " he said .
" Hopefully , the industry will become more self - policing .
( But ) we may need some legislation on that . "
LHCb catches a splash from the LHC beam
LHC has restarted on November 21st .
Two LHC beams have made a full turn of the LHC .
Afterwards , after synchronization with the LHC accelerating system ( RF capture in technical language ) , the beams made few hundred turnes .
During LHC operation LHCb has recoded splash events shown in the movie above .
Quoted from QUOTE :
Tanooki - New !
Super Mario Bros. Wii Level Editor
Version 0.1 BETA
Created by Virus and Vash
www.Game-Hackers.com
Features :
- Interactive level render
- Edit item types and location
- Change player start position
- Detailed item list
Coming Soon :
- Ground editor
- Block editor
- Warp pipe editor
- Complete item list
- Color - coded render
- GeckOS code generator
Usage :
- Load stage ARC file ( ie. 01-01.arc ) directly from the ISO image .
( Partition 2 > ROOT > Stage )
- Tanooki will ask you which Course file to open from the archive .
- Edit the level to your liking , File > Save , and Tanooki will export a new ARC .
- Replace the ARC in the ISO image and enjoy !
U8 Compiler created by Crediar
Un8 Decompiler created by Virus
Special Thanks to Maniac , WiiFan420 , and the Game - Hackers community !
* NOTICE *
We do not endorse piracy or the use of illegal ISO image backups .
This project was created strictly for experimental and educational purposes .
You use it at your own risk and we are not liable for any damages .
Click to expand ...
Once again , Big Media shows that it does n’t want to share its profits with anyone else .
Today ’s action by the MPAA representing the major movie studios undercuts the entire process of theatrical release .
It would put the struggling theater chains virtually out of business .
Washington , D.C. –
In a filing today with the Federal Communications Commission , the Motion Picture Association of America , Inc. ( MPAA ) reinforced the benefits of allowing studios the option of sending movies fresh from the box office to tens of millions of American households .
“ Many of us love movies , but we just ca n’t make it to the theater as often as we ’d like .
That is especially true for parents of young children , rural Americans who live far from the multiplex and people with disabilities that keep them close to home , ” MPAA Chairman and CEO Dan Glickman said .
“ Having the added option to enjoy movies in a more timely fashion at home would be a liberating new choice . ”
In its filing , which was in response to letters of opposition filed by the group Public Knowledge , the MPAA said : “ grant of the waiver would for the first time allow millions of consumers to view high - value , high - definition theatrical films during an early release window that is not available today .
MPAA has explained that release of this high - value content as part of an earlier window , especially with respect to movies released for home viewing close to or even during their initial theatrical run , necessarily requires the highest level of protection possible through use of SOC . ”
SOC , or selectable output control technology , would allow televisions with digitally secure interfaces to receive first - run , high - definition content from a cable or satellite provider .
Using SOC protects content because it essentially disables non-secure , analog outputs to avoid illegal circumvention and distribution of copyrighted material .
These outputs would be disabled ONLY with respect to the proposed new content , and this technology would NOT have any impact whatsoever on the ability of existing devices to receive all of the content that they get today .
Consumers will continue to have access to everything they have today , including DVDs , Netflix , etc .
The MPAA filing noted : “ By Public Knowledge ’s odd reckoning , however , no consumer - oriented technological breakthrough ever could be introduced to American homes unless and until every single American home had access to the same opportunity at the same moment in time .
That is a recipe for holding every innovation hostage until the last consumer adopts a new technology .
“ Under Public Knowledge ’s approach , the Commission would have taken decades to permit television stations to broadcast in color , since millions of American homes already had purchased black - and - white sets when color broadcasts were introduced in the 1950s .
Indeed , whenever innovative technologies bring consumers new and better opportunities to media content , there is always a lag between when early adopters take advantage of these opportunities and when they become ubiquitous . ”
Glickman added : “ I , like most movie - goers believe the best way to enjoy a movie is to go to the theater with friends and share a communal laugh or adventure together .
But I also believe there is ample room for additional choices that satisfy consumer demand to enjoy movies in diverse new ways .
If allowed by the FCC , I believe this new choice will be just one of many exciting innovations to come that benefit consumers and sustain the future of this unique creative medium . ”
As soon as Mebrahtom Keflezighi , better known as Meb , won the New York City Marathon on Sunday , an uncommon sports dispute erupted online , fraught with racial and nationalistic components : Should Keflezighi ’s triumph count as an American victory ?
He was widely celebrated as the first American to win the New York race since 1982 .
Having immigrated to the United States at age 12 , he is an American citizen and a product of American distance running programs at the youth , college and professional levels .
But , some said , because he was born in Eritrea , he is not really an American runner .
The debate reveals what some academics say are common assumptions and stereotypes about race and sports and athletic achievement in the United States .
Its dimensions , they add , go beyond the particulars of Keflezighi and bear on undercurrents of nationalism and racism that are not often voiced .
“ Race is still extremely important when you think about athletics , ” said David Wiggins , a professor at George Mason University who studies African - Americans and sports .
“ There is this notion about innate physiological gifts that certain races presumably possess .
Quite frankly , I think it feeds into deep - seated stereotypes .
The more blatant forms of racial discrimination and illegal forms have been eliminated , but more subtle forms of discrimination still exist . ”
SYDNEY ( Reuters ) - Australians Lesley and Doug McGrath have for decades battled ocean swells that have eaten away at the backyard of their multi-million dollar Sydney home .
Australian Lesley McGrath stands at her multi-million dollar beachfront property at Collaroy beach in Sydney August 17 , 2009 .
Around the world , owners of prized seaside properties face the prospect of not just losing their homes but receiving no compensation as insurance policies may not cover climate change losses in the future .
Sea levels are widely expected to rise about one metre ( 3.3 feet ) this century due to climate change , faster than the 18 - 59 cms ( 7 - 23 inches ) outlined in a United Nations Climate Panel report in 2007 .
And coastal communities around the world are already feeling the destructive effects of more frequent and violent ocean storms -- a portent of rising seas .
" If you live in paradise you accept what the ocean gives and takes .
We 're not worried , " Lesley McGrath told Reuters .
REUTERS / Daniel Munoz
They bought an old beach shack on Collaroy Beach in 1976 and replaced it with a two storey home anchored to the land by 12 meter ( 35 feet ) long piers , a concrete slab , and an underground seawall of giant boulders .
Even with all that protection , the fury of the ocean has at times torn up their backyard , large chunks of prime real estate disappearing under waves .
With scientists predicting a 90 cm ( 3 feet ) sea level rise in Sydney by 2050 due to climate change , the house itself may yet be in danger .
The McGrath home is one of an estimated 700,000 plus coastal properties in Australia alone that are threatened by rising seas .
Around the world , owners of prized seaside properties face the prospect of not just losing their homes but receiving no compensation as insurance policies may not cover climate change losses in the future .
“ If you live in paradise you accept what the ocean gives and takes .
We ’re not worried , ” Lesley McGrath told Reuters .
Her family photo album tells an amazing story of their battle against the ocean :
At times , an expansive beach separates their home from the sea , and at other times , the surf is so close that photos show her son jumping into the water from the backyard .
Sea levels are widely expected to rise about one meter ( 3.3 feet ) this century due to climate change , faster than the 18 - 59 cms ( 7 - 23 inches ) outlined in a United Nations Climate Panel report in 2007 .
And coastal communities around the world are already feeling the destructive effects of more frequent and violent ocean storms -- a portent of rising seas .
Powerful storms along China ’s coast are washing salt onto farmland , severely reducing crop yields and there are fears saltwater may be contaminating vital fresh water aquifers .
The first wave of climate change refugees have started leaving their island homes in the South Pacific as storm surges contaminate fresh water supplies and flood coastal crop lands .
“ We have a feeling of anxiety , a feeling of uncertainty because we know that we will be losing our homes .
It ’s our identity .
It ’s our whole culture at stake , ” says Ursula Rakova , from Carteret Island off Bougainville in Papua New Guinea .
Carteret islanders have decided to abandon their island home for the nearby and bigger Bougainville island after years of worsening storm surges and king tides infected their fresh water supplies and ruined their staple banana and taro crops .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
Other islanders tell stories of sitting and watching the ocean slowly devour their homes , and desperately trying to climate - proof their villages by constructing seawalls , planting mangroves to halt erosion and testing salt - resistant crops .
“ We thought of ourselves as living on the coast .
Now the house where I was born is a couple of hundred meters out to sea , ” says Kini Dunn from Togoru in Fiji .
Despite moving inland , the waves are again breaking on Dunn ’s doorstep , but he is determined not to leave .
“ We can not see ourselves moving , even though the ground our ancestors trod is gradually disappearing into the sea , ” says a defiant Dunn .
LITIGATION MAY RISE WITH SEAS
John Vaughan is fighting in court for the right to try and save his multi-million dollar beach house .
Waves washed away 800 sq meters ( 8,600 sq feet ) of Vaughan ’s beachfront land in May after a bad cyclone and storm season , wiping more than one million dollars off the value of the property , say real estate agents .
Vaughan fears that if he is not allowed to build a stone seawall , his home may one day become worthless .
“ I ’d be on the edge of an island and washed away probably , ” he told Reuters .
Sydney Coastal Councils , which represents 15 local governments , says the multi-million dollar price tags of beachfront homes are unrealistic given climate change .
“ A lot of those structures have been put in place without any consideration of climate change .
Private properties in coastal areas do n’t reflect the risk , ” says Wendy McMurdo , chair of Sydney Coastal Councils .
In Australia , 711,000 homes and billions of dollars worth of assets and infrastructure are at risk from rising sea levels and storm surges , says Australia ’s climate change office .
Coastal flooding and erosion already costs Australia ’s most populous state New South Wales A$ 200 million a year .
Australia ’s coastal authorities fear litigation may rise as more and more people try to save their properties from storm surges and rising sea levels or lose property to the ocean .
“ It ’s in no one ’s interest for decisions on the impact of climate change to be made by the courts , ” says McMurdo .
DEFEND OR RETREAT
Australia is an island continent with 80 percent of its 21 million people living on the coast , but combating rising sea levels is piecemeal , says McMurdo .
Australian authorities are split on adopting a policy of retreat or defend against rising seas .
Those opposed to defending the coast argue seawalls and breakwaters often see the beach lost to a stone structure , prevent the shoreline from naturally adapting to changing ocean conditions , and move the problem further along the coast .
Byron Bay , a resort town in Queensland state , has had a retreat policy for 20 years , angering residents who bought multi-million dollar beach homes in recent years .
One hour drive north , a defensive line of seawalls and years of pumping sand onto beaches has replenished the tourist Gold Coast , protecting them from powerful cyclones this year .
In Sydney , there is little chance of retreat given the high coastal population .
A sea level rise of just 20 cms and a 1 - in - 50 year storm would see Narrabeen beach recede by 110 meters ( 361 feet ) causing around A$ 230 million damages .
Sand pumping may help homes at Collaroy Beach , south of Narrabeen where the local council has a policy of buying threatened homes , bulldozing them and building protective sand dunes .
In Sydney ’s south , a metal sea barrier has been planted at Cronulla Beach to stop wave erosion of an existing seawall .
Three Good Commercials for Three Good Books
For some reason , Penguin 's new " 10 Essential Penguin Classics " book campaign targets doughy party people who can't pick up strangers because they do n't know who Dante is or why Walden is important .
Basically , with this new ad campaign , Penguin has given up on selling books as art or entertainment .
Apparently , they have utter contempt for the intrinsic virtues of reading and are now selling literature as a way to trick smart people into mating .
This obscures the painful reality that growing more literate actually makes it harder to find suitable matches .
Now you demand creativity and imagination in your lover beyond simple " sex appeal " or " proximity .
" Another fun thing about these videos is that the " experts " on these books are all simply Penguin staff .
It is both sad and exciting to see Penguin 's finest try to explain books that they clearly do not understand and possibly have not even read .
Just like at a publishing party !*** Here are three better commercials for " literature " : ONE ( A group of ragged street children run through a snowy city , jeering and yelling at one another .
The camera zooms in close to their faces .
Their dirty faces twist with hate and murder .
They are chasing someone . )
Child Street Leader : " He went this way !
" Child Street Toadie : " Git him !
" ( The children -- now carrying rocks , planks , and chains -- run into an alley .
They slow down and begin smiling menacingly to one another as they advance , having now cornered their prey . )
( Their prey is revealed to be Jesus Christ .
He is dressed in white robes and is bleeding from the crown of thorns on his forehead and from his punctured side . )
Child Street Leader : " You got to pay for what you done .
" Child Street Toadie : " Yeah , you got to pay ! " ( Jesus draws an animated heart in the air with his index fingers .
He presents this heart with his plaintive open palms and a plaintive expression . )
( The Child Street Toadie spits at Jesus .
The gob of spit catches Jesus in the cheek and makes him wince .
The animated heart evaporates . )
Child Street Leader ( Smiling cruelly ) : " You are bullshit , Jesus .
Bullshit .
And now you are gonna get yours .
" ( The children advance , cackling and violent .
Jesus cowers , falling to his knees , turning his shoulder to the children .
Their brutal shadows fall across him .
Suddenly , he is hit by a rope ladder from high above .
He looks up into the sky .
An airship is hovering above the city and has lowered this lifeline to him .
He grabs onto the rope ladder and is pulled out of the alley just as the children reach him .
They tug at his sandals but get nothing .
The Child Street Leader throws his cap on the ground and stomps on it out of frustration . )
( In the airship , a gigantic Russian man with a fantastical mustache is wearing a giant fur papakha hat and is peering over the side at Jesus dangling below him .
The deck of the airship is covered with other Russians dancing , drinking , and playing cards .
The gigantic Russian with the fantastical mustache throws his head back and laughs and laughs .
He throws his fist over the side of the airship in a hearty salute .
From the ladder , Jesus salutes back .
Jesus is weeping .
He begins to climb the ladder . ) ( A black title card reads : " THE BROTHERS KARAMAZOV " ) TWO ( A young woman wearing a plain brown bun is seated at a writing desk .
Her pen scratches like a scalpel and the words " PRIDE AND PREJUDICE " are carved out on the screen as she furiously composes . )
( It is night and her room is dark .
She writes and writes , scratching into the paper with hard sexual severity .
She massages her temples with her fingers and blots the paper .
She shakes some powder onto it and blows the powder away . )
( She reads over what she has written , smiling .
She leaves her room and runs out into the British countryside .
She gets into a carriage .
The carriage driver lashes his horses onward .
She curls up in the back of the carriage , smiling knowingly in the darkness )
( The horses travel over fen and dale until at last the carriage arrives in front of a large country manor .
She bursts into the manor , startling the servants who merely gape at her as she dashes through the rooms .
She climbs the stairs , darting in and out of elaborate ballrooms filled with wooden furniture , patterned wallpaper , and ceramics .
She throws open one last door and then tosses aside a Chinese screen .
Behind the screen is an imperious man who is staring out of a window with his arms behind his back .
He turns slightly to look at her , but he is so imperious that he can only look at her with one eye . )
( Her courage falters , but she hands him the letter anyway .
He snatches it out of her hand , unimpressed , and begins to read it .
As he reads , his expression slowly changes .
He crumbles .
He quails .
He metamorphoses until he is nothing but a humble wretch .
He falls onto the floor in front of her , kneeling .
Abasing himself .
His fingers clench against the hard wood .
The young woman breathes heavily .
The formerly imperious man 's servants come to the threshold of the room and stare at him .
Shocked .
Appalled .
Triumphant , the young woman rips open her sensible blouse , exposing her taut naked breasts .
The nipples are pierced with gleaming steel hoops . ) THREE ( A homeless woman with a profound limp pushes open the door of a Starbucks and looks around .
The Starbucks is full of young upwardly - mobile modern folks , talking on cell phones , working on laptops , sipping expensive coffees , and flirting .
The homeless woman blinks .
She is clutching something in her dirty hands .
The camera reveals that it is a harpoon . )
( The homeless woman limps across the Starbucks , provoking stares and causing the whole room to slowly fall silent .
The barista -- a nice young man with tan skin and a fauxhawk -- looks at her , mugging for the camera , as if he can't believe what he is seeing .
He and a young female barista whisper to each other and conspire ) ( The camera shows that the homeless woman is leaving a slug trail of fetid water behind her as she limps across the coffee shop .
She licks her brown lips and narrows her fiery blue eyes ) HOMELESS WOMAN : " Black coffee is what I want and black coffee is what I shall receive .
Neither the fires of hell nor heaven 's foamy loins will sway me from my destiny , and the red dogs of the abyss will feast on your young eyes this night if you stand against me .
"
FAUXHAWKED BARISTA : " Ma'm , you can't bring that sword in here .
This is a Starbucks .
Not ... hah hah ... a renfair .
" ( The homeless woman leaps over the counter and stabs him in the chest with her harpoon .
She stabs him again and again .
His body is hidden by the Starbucks counter , but blood spurts up and soaks the woman 's face .
All the customers run screaming out the door .
She stabs and stabs and stabs and stabs .
Finally , she drops the harpoon and looks around .
She is alone .
Police sirens wail . )
( The homeless woman limps over to the coffee tureen and pumps hot coffee straight into one of her gnarled , brown hands .
She brings her hand to her mouth and sips the coffee , shutting her eyes .
She is in ecstasy .
The camera drifts over her shoulder , traveling deep into the Starbucks logo until the face of the star - crowned wavy - haired logo mermaid fills the screen .
Underneath the mermaid 's smiling cartoon face , the screen flashes " READ MOBY DICK " in red ) ( The homeless woman enters the frame one last time , slurping another handful of steaming black coffee )
Tobias recently blogged about Nepomuk , and from the comments it seems that people are a bit in the dark about what Akonadi , Nepomuk and Strigi actually do and how they interact with each other .
So if you want to understand those technologies , read on !
This blog post is an attempt to clear things up a bit .
Soprano
Let me start with Soprano .
Soprano is a Qt library for accessing semantic storage ( RDF ) .
In many ways , Soprano can be compared to the QtSql module , the key difference is that QtSql accesses relational data with SQL as the query language , whereas Soprano accesses semantic data with SPARQL as the query language .
Semantic Data
But what is semantic data , and what is the difference to relational data ?
You probably all know relational databases , which use tables to store data .
Semantic databases , on the other hand , use statements , also sometime referred to as sentences , to store data .
Statements consist , just like real - world sentences , of a subject ( noun ) , a predicate ( verb ) and an object .
By storing many sentences in a database , one can create a big network of data .
The best way to make this clear is probably by examples , so here are some :
.
“ image.jpg ” “ has the width ” “ 800 pixels ”
“ image.jpg ” “ is tagged with ” “ example - tag ”
“ image.jpg ” “ was photographed by ” “ Max Mustermann ”
“ example - tag ” “ has the title ” “ Holidays ”
“ example - tag ” “ has the icon ” “ beach.svg ”
“ Max Mustermann ” “ lives in ” “ London ”
“ Max Mustermann ” “ was born on ” “ 01.01. 1970 ”
As you can see in those examples , it is possible to link together totally different topics , such as information about a file , a tag and a person .
Those examples are of course a bit fabricated , real data would look different .
However , you can see the basic sentence structure consisting of subjects , predicates and objects .
One can add an arbitrary number of statements about things to a semantic database .
The powerful aspect about semantic data is the way it is linked together .
With the above statements , you could for example search for all images tagged with “ example - tag ” .
You could also do much more interesting searches , like searching for all pictures taken by people living in London , or searching for all files that were sent as e-mail attachments from your boss .
Read the RDF Primer from the W3C for an in - depth introduction about RDF and semantic data ( RDF is one way to describe semantic data , but not the only way ) .
Backends
Like QtSql , which supports different backends such as SQLite or MySQL , Soprano also supports different backends .
Currently , there are three backends for Soprano : Redland , Sesame2 and Virtuoso .
Redland is C++ based and orders of magnitudes too slow for what we need in Akonadi , so basically Redland should never be used at all .
Sesame2 is Java based and performs well .
This currently seems to be the only usable backend for Soprano .
Read Tobias ’ blog entry for the details about this .
The third backend is Virtuoso , which combines the strength of the other two backends :
It is C++ based and performs well .
To my knowledge , this backend is currently in development and therefore not usable , but it will certainly be an interesting choice in the future .
Nepomuk
Ok , now you should have a basic understanding about what semantic data is and what Soprano is .
Read on to find out what Nepomuk is !
Nepomuk is the KDE library for accessing semantic data .
It uses Soprano for storage access .
Nepomuk provides a KDE API for many high - level functions such as tagging and annotating .
An important point is that Nepomuk also provides a set of standard ontologies , and convenience classes to use them .
Let me explain what an ontology is .
Although you can store arbitrary statements in a semantic database , that rarely is useful .
Consider the case that you store the sentence “ Laura lives in Leeds ” and the sentence “ Ralf resides in Leeds ” .
Notice that the predicate , i.e. the verb , is different in those sentences , once it is “ resides in ” , and once it is “ lives in ” .
Now , if you attempt to do a semantic search for all people living in Leeds , you will not find Ralf , since the statement about him uses a different predicate .
Therefore it is a good idea to have a set of standard predicates and other terms , to have a clearly defined vocabulary about things .
This is what ontologies are .
Nepomuk comes with a set of standard ontologies which define vocabulary for talking about annotations , files , contacts , mails , calendars , music and more .
These ontologies are now also a freedesktop standard , GNOME ’s Tracker uses them as well .
Now , Nepomuk would be useless without any data .
There are basically two ways of getting data into Nepomuk :
One way is by manual user action , for example when a user tags a file in Dolphin .
The other way is automatic indexing , which is done by both Strigi and Akonadi .
Read the next sections for details .
Strigi
Strigi is the file indexer for KDE .
It looks at every file on your hard disk , extracts semantic data out of the file , and then feeds the data into Nepomuk .
When saying that Nepomuk uses a lot of CPU or IO , that is usually because Strigi is indexing files in the background .
There are however many settings to improve this , for example indexing is disabled while on battery , and the IO niceness is set to a low level .
Also , Strigi indexing can be disabled completely , without disabling any other parts of Nepomuk , because the file indexing is just one way to get data into Nepomuk .
What currently is badly missing , in my opinion , is a good GUI client to actually search for all the data that has been indexed .
It seems that there was some very nice progress during this year ’s summer of code with that , so I am sure the situation will get a lot better in the future
Akonadi
Now , on to the last technology of this blog post !
Akonadi is a framework to access PIM data like mails , contacts and calendar events .
Think of it as a cache or a proxy to your PIM data :
The real data is still stored in local Maildir folders , local vCard files , IMAP servers or in your Google address book .
Akonadi provides an easy API to access that PIM data in an uniform way .
Additionally , it can act as a cache , for things like disconnected IMAP or for offline access to your Google address book .
Another advantage is that the PIM data can easily be shared between applications .
Now not only KMail can access your mail , but also LionMail or Mailody .
Additionally , there is no need to have KMail running to access your calendars and contacts on your Kolab server .
Akonadi furthermore replaces the brittle system of index files in KMail , and the new Akonadi IMAP resource is already much faster than KMail ’s old IMAP code .
So as you can see , Akonadi will bring many advantages to the end user , once the applications are ported to use Akonadi .
For KDE 4.4 , only the new KAddressbook and KPilot will use Akonadi natively .
Ports of KOrganizer , Akregator and KMail are in progress and ( hopefully ) expected to be released with KDE 4.5 .
Akonadi of course needs to store information about the PIM items and folders it knows about somewhere .
For this , we use a classical SQL database .
For now , we support only MySQL , but there is work done on PostgreSQL and SQLite support .
Those two database backends are both work in progress , help there would be very welcome .
Now , how is Akonadi related to Nepomuk ?
Applications which use Akonadi require a fast search and good support for virtual folders .
Now , we did n’t want to code our own search support into Akonadi .
It is quite a lot of work and difficult to get right .
The virtual folders in KMail 1 are for example too slow to be useful for larger volumes of mail .
What we did for searching instead was to use a technology that is actually good at finding stuff : Nepomuk .
We use Akonadi agents to feed information about contacts , events and mails into Nepomuk .
So just like Strigi , those Akonadi agents will put data into Nepomuk .
We use the standard ontologies , like the NMO ( Nepomuk Mail Ontology ) to store the mails .
This data is then used for searches and virtual folders .
By using Nepomuk , we hope to overcome many of the KMail 1 shortcomings , like the slow virtual folders mentioned earlier or the inability to search in base64 - encoded attachments .
It already works quite good , for example we have a working tag resource to show all your mails tagged with specific tags , and searches with SPARQL are also working ( although there is no GUI for it , yet , for now you need to use the development tool akonadiconsole to see them ) .
That ’s it , folks .
I hope I made some things clearer to you .
If anything is unclear , please ask in the comments section .
My next blog post will have screenshots again , I promise 🙂
U.S. Debt ,
Where ’s the Money Going to Come From ?
A lot of what passes for analysis of the US economy is far too complicated .
The reality is that you only need to do basic arithmetic to see that the US is STILL in a recession if not depression .
Let ’s break it down .
The US consumer accounts for 70 % of the US GDP .
The US GDP ( after the recession ’s impact ) is in the ballpark of $ 11 trillion .
So the US consumer accounts for $ 7.7 trillion in dollar terms .
This is THE driver of our economy .
So let ’s focus on the consumer ’s balance sheet .
According to the Fed , total US household wealth currently stands around $ 53 trillion .
Personally I think the Fed ’s number is bogus since it lumps non-profits and households together .
It also claims $ 20 trillion of this wealth comes from real estate including “ All types of owner - occupied housing including farm houses and mobile homes , as well as second homes that are not rented , vacant homes for sale , and vacant land . ”
I ’m sorry , but a house is not “ wealth . ”
It is a MASSIVE debt you owe until you own it outright .
And given the housing prices are falling ( the assets are depreciating ) and home sales anemic , I DO NOT agree that you can identify your home as a status of wealth in this market .
So let ’s create our own measure of household wealth by focusing on liquid assets and deposits that can be sold relatively easily or transferred in a pinch .
So total liquid assets equals roughly $ 41 trillion .
Total liabilities equals $ 14 trillion .
This brings household net - worth to $ 27 trillion .
On the surface , the debt seems somewhat serviceable , except it is n’t without some kind of systemic implosion .
Let ’s say consumers wanted to pay off the $ 14 trillion in debt by cashing out deposits .
Well , total deposits in the US only equals $ 7 trillion .
Setting aside what would happen if there was a $ 7 trillion “ run on the bank ” ( hint : KABOOM ) , even if consumers cashed out every last cent of savings they ’d still owe $ 7 trillion in debt ( $ 14 trillion - $ 7 trillion= $ 7 trillion ) .
Ok , so savings do n’t take care of the mess … what about stocks ?
All told , consumers own ( through pension funds , mutual funds , and private holdings ) $ 30 trillion in equities .
The pension funds are not easily accessible so we ’ll take them out , leaving roughly $ 20 trillion in equities available to be sold .
That ’s definitely enough to cover the $ 14 trillion in debt consumers owe .
So let ’s put that scenario into perspective .
The total market capitalization of EVERY stock in the world COMBINED is $ 36 trillion .
So IF consumers sold their equity holdings to pay off their debt , we ’re talking about worldwide markets trading 40 % lower than they are now .
Obviously , neither of the above scenarios will happen .
After all , debt can be paid off gradually and does n’t require immediate full payout .
But given that consumers cannot print money out of thin air , and that incomes are falling off a cliff ( as evinced by the 17 % year over year drop in tax receipts and the fact that Uncle Sam currently accounts for 17 % of all US incomes ) the money needed to pay off the $ 14 trillion consumers currently owe will HAVE to come from somewhere at some point in the future .
This means that at some point stocks or deposits or some other asset will have to be sold to pay off debt or the debt will be defaulted on .
Given that both US corporations AND the US government get most of their money from the consumer , this has DIRE implications for the US economy and corporate earnings going forward ( not to mention how on earth we ’ll roll over our trillions in Federal debt since foreign governments are increasingly loathe to lend us money ) .
At best we shall see anemic growth in the real economy and corporate income statements ( the year over year 20 - 30 % drop in sales is just the beginning ) .
At worst this means a full - scale depression marked by continued deflation in most major asset classes as consumers sell what they OWN ( stocks , homes , etc. ) to pay back what they OWE .
This also indicates that bank stocks are in for a very rough decade going forward .
The banks that do not engage in investment banking or trading ( the non-Goldman Sachs ) will suffer from a lack of consumer borrowing , continued defaults on consumer debt , and more .
Our new era of frugality is the product of consumers owing too much money .
And whether they try to pay it off quickly or bit by bit is irrelevant .
Either way the economy , corporate profits , and banks will suffer going forward .
This is the medicine we all must take .
The government is trying to fight it by shifting private debts onto the public balance sheet .
But the consumer cannot fund those debts as well ( none of my above math includes the federal debt ) .
In a sense , the government is throwing in a spoonful of sugar in the form of continued spending on social programs to make the medicine more palatable .
The only problem is that this is a bursting credit bubble … not Mary Poppins .
Speaking of which , I ’m already preparing investors for what ’s to come with a FREE Special Report detailing THREE investments that are set to explode when the next Crisis hits .
I call it Financial Crisis “ Round Two ” Survival Kit .
Not only can these investments help protect your portfolio from the coming carnage .. they can ALSO show you enormous profits : they returned 12 % , 42 % , and 153 % last time stocks collapsed .
Swing by www.gainspainscapital.com/roundtwo.html to pick up a FREE copy today !
Good Investing !
Graham Summers
http://gainspainscapital.com
Graham Summers : Graham is Senior Market Strategist at OmniSans Research .
He is co-editor of Gain , Pains , and Capital , OmniSans Research ’s FREE daily e-letter covering the equity , commodity , currency , and real estate markets .
Graham also writes Private Wealth Advisory , a monthly investment advisory focusing on the most lucrative investment opportunities the financial markets have to offer .
Graham understands the big picture from both a macro-economic and capital in / outflow perspective .
He translates his understanding into finding trends and undervalued investment opportunities months before the markets catch on : the Private Wealth Advisory portfolio has outperformed the S&P 500 three of the last five years , including a 7 % return in 2008 vs. a 37 % loss for the S&P 500 .
Previously , Graham worked as a Senior Financial Analyst covering global markets for several investment firms in the Mid-Atlantic region .
He ’s lived and performed research in Europe , Asia , the Middle East , and the United States .
© 2009 Copyright Graham Summers - All Rights Reserved
Disclaimer :
The above is a matter of opinion provided for general information purposes only and is not intended as investment advice .
Information and analysis above are derived from sources and utilising methods believed to be reliable , but we cannot accept responsibility for any losses you may incur as a result of this analysis .
Individuals should consult with their personal financial advisors .
Graham Summers Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Comments
Jack Lasater
01 Jan 10 , 16:47
How do you short a 30 year treasury ?
A lot of financial news letter recently are quoting Bill Tedford , VP of Fixed Income for Stephens Financial in Little Rock .
He is disagreeing with Bernake and predicting inflation .
He personally is shorting 30 year treasuries .
How does he do that ?
Do you agree that this is a good way to fight inflation ?
There are ETFs and mutuals that are inverse bond strategies .
I checked on them but Rydex says that they are for short term trading and do n't correlate over the long term .
I really like your articles .
Your illustrations do a remarkable job of picturing various economic topics .
Thanks
TJ
03 Jan 10 , 16:07 shorting bond
I am not sure how to short the 30 year other than the futures market .
You can short the 20 year 2X in TBT , ETF .
Google Waveは、電子メールを置き換える可能性を秘めたWebサービスと言われています。
Musubiは、インスタントメッセージ( IM ) を置き換える可能性を秘め たFirefoxアドオンです。
このアドオンで目指したのは、ブラウザとIMの融合です。
それは 、Webアプリケーションに、HTTPを越えた更なる力、IMによるリアルタイム性を与えることです。
HTTPは、必要なときだけサーバに接続するので、更新があってもこちらからリクエストするまでわかりません。BBSやTwitterを何度もリロードするのはそのためです。
逆に、IMが使うXMPPは、サーバと接続を保って相互にやりとりするので、更新があればリアルタイムにメッセージが飛んできます。もうリロードはいりません。
Musubiでは 、Webアプリケーションが自由にメッセージの内容を操作できるので、例えば以下のようなものが作れます。
チャット テキストをメッセー ジ
おえかきチャット 画像データをメッセー ジ
チェス 棋譜データをメッセー ジ IMに似てい る Twitterでいうと、例えば、Twitterでみんなとチェスをするというのは可能なわけです。
チェスの盤面は8x8の64文字で、140文字の制限に納まるから、みんなで棋譜データをつぶやけばいい。
だけど 、Twitterを何度もリロードしなくちゃいけないし、棋譜データの解読が面倒くさいから何かWebアプリケーションが必要になる。
そこで、ブラウザとIMの融合が必要になってきます。
WWWは、3つの柱からなります。URI、HTTP、HTMLです。そこにIMがどう融合するか。
This type defines all places where the occurrence of the respective symbol will be valid in the program .
So the complete pattern - declaration instruction looks as follows :
declare_pattern name ≔ syntax ⇒ type ➞ meaning ;
> An example : the following pattern declaration defines both the syntax and the semantics of integer - potentiation symbols like , for instance , " 174^3 " or " 2^19 " .
All constructs used here for defining the meaning of that pattern are predefined in π and can for now be interpreted in an intuitive way ( see below ; % W- suppresses the occurrence of whitespaces ) :
declare_pattern
integer_potentiation ≔
integer : i %W- " ^ " % W- integer:j
⇒ integer ➞
{
int result = i ;
for ( int k = 1 ; k <= j - 1 ; k++)
result *= i ;
return result ;
} ;
> After the declaration of that pattern , its applications can be immediately used at any place where an integer symbol may occur , e.g. , in an instruction like " print ( 174^3 ) ; " .
> We will see later that the pattern - declaration instruction and any other of the predefined instructions of π , the so called " core - pattern - set " , are patterns themselves ; they are , for instance , instruction patterns like the pattern - declaration instruction , the print instruction and the for - loop or data patterns like the integer pattern or the pattern pattern – and yes , a pattern is a pattern itself , its syntax is as follows :
name " ≔ " syntax " ⇒ " type " ➞ " meaning
> Thus , the actual pattern - declaration instruction has the following syntax , i.e. , it takes a pattern as a parameter :
" declare_pattern " pattern " ; "
> The following little code - fragment is a complete π- program consisting of two pattern - declaration instructions and two other ( predefined ) instructions , " print " and " if " , immediately making use of the just defined symbols ( the operators " > " and " ? :" are predefined patterns , too ) :
(1 ) declare_pattern maximum ≔
" max " " ( " integer : a " , " integer : b " ) "
⇒ integer ➞ ( a > b ) ? a : b ;
( 2) print ( max ( 13^2 , 101 ) ) ;
(3 ) declare_pattern absolute_value ≔
" | " integer : i " | " ⇒ integer ➞
( i ≥ 0 ) ?
i : -i ;
( 4 ) if ( max ( 13^2 , | - 171 | ) > 169 )
print ( " yes ! " ) ;
> After the first pattern - declaration ( line 1 ) , the interpreter would know the pattern " maximum " .
Therefore the second instruction ( line 2 ) is correctly interpreted .
After the second pattern - declaration ( line 3 ) , the interpreter knows both the user - defined patterns " maximum " and " absolute - value " and can correctly interpret the last instruction - symbol ( line 4 ) which is making use of both of them .
Cutting the deficit
Peter Orszag lays out the administration 's line on the short - term deficit :
Of the $ 9 trillion in deficits projected over the coming decade , nearly $ 5 trillion comes as a result of failing to pay in the past for just two policies — the 2001 and 2003 tax cuts and the creation of a Medicare prescription drug benefit .
The cost of the tax cuts will total about $ 4 trillion over the next decade , including the additional interest on the debt the federal government will have to pay since the tax cuts were deficit financed .
The Medicare prescription drug bill will add about another $ 700 billion to the deficit – bringing us to about $ 5 trillion total for the cost of just these two policies
In addition , roughly $ 3.5 trillion can be attributed to automatic economic stabilizers .
As the economy enters recession , certain spending programs , such as unemployment insurance and food stamps , automatically increase and revenues tend to decline .
Although this helps to ameliorate the economic downturn by stimulating demand , it also leads to higher deficits .
Finally , there is the Recovery Act which accounts for just 10 percent of the entire deficit over the next decade .
All told , the entire $ 9 trillion deficit reflects the failure to pay for policies in the past and the cost of the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression and the steps we had to take to combat it .
Like Kevin Drum , I 've got no problem with the White House making some real moves to cut the deficit .
But the devil is in the details .
It would be insane , for instance , to sharply cut spending in the midst of a recession .
But it makes sense to build out policies to increase revenues in 2012 or after .
Similarly , there are good ways of decreasing the deficit and bad ways .
Cutting Medicaid spending , for instance , would be a bad way .
But I 'd be glad to see the estate tax restored .
Or relatively more of the Bush tax cuts left to expire .
Obama should have the courage to say that the promise to avoid raising taxes on people making less than $ 250,000 was made before the economy collapsed , and that tax rates might have to rise in a couple of years .
Other big revenue raisers could include a tax reform that both transforms the tax code and raises rates and cap - and - trade that auctions off permits .
This is n't about some tweaks to discretionary spending .
But people should n't kid themselves about how hard this will be .
Substantially reducing the long - term deficit will require making structural changes in the health - care system far beyond anything we 're currently contemplating .
We can't tax enough , and we can't cut enough spending , to afford the projected increase in health - care costs .
As economist Jon Gruber argued yesterday , the Senate Finance bill is a good start .
But it is only a start .
Graph credit : Center for Budget and Policy Priorities .
Patrick McGoohan ’s stunning spy - fi series
The Prisoner only lasted 17 episodes before sadly disappearing in 1969 .
But its revolutionary mix of geopolitics , sci-fi and psychedelia has influenced not just television , but also music , comics , film and more .
It even made a deep impression on the most influential band of all time .
“ Before Magical Mystery Tour , the Beatles were going to do another full movie like Help , and it was all going to be based on The Prisoner , ” Dhani Harrison , son of Beatles guitarist George Harrison , told Wired.com in October , before his own Prisoner - inspired band thenewno2 kicked off its inaugural North American tour .
“ They were going to be in a movie written and directed by Patrick McGoohan in the same vein as The Prisoner , because they thought it was one of the best series ever .
They were so into his psychedelic weirdness . ”
Unfortunately , the Beatles project ultimately fell through .
But not before McGoohan inspired the Fab Four to do something that they never did again .
“ What came of it was the [ Prisoner ] episode ‘ Fall Out ’ featuring ‘ All You Need Is Love , ' ” Harrison said .
It was the only time a Beatles song was licensed to a TV show .
The aborted Beatles collaboration was just one strand of The Prisoner ‘s sonic reach .
Shortly after it appeared , the classic series encouraged Roy Harper ’s 18 - minute epic “ McGoohan ’s Blues . ”
The show has also been mashed quite brilliantly with The Rolling Stones ’ “ 2000 Light Years From Home , ” which Mick Jagger reportedly wrote while in prison , in the YouTube video at right .
Meanwhile , the new six - episode The Prisoner miniseries , which airs Sunday through Tuesday on AMC , samples the Beach Boys ’ 1966 single “ I Know There ’s an Answer ” for its finale .
That Pet Sounds song ’s cryptic lyrics —
“ I know so many people who think they can do it alone ;
They isolate their heads and stay in their safety zones ” — mind - meld perfectly with The Prisoner ‘s analysis of power and paranoia .
McGoohan ’s show has deeply influenced contemporary music as well .
Artists as different as XTC , Luke Vibert , The Clash , Supergrass and more have borrowed its themes and iconography to make their musical cases .
Legendary metal band Iron Maiden even obtained McGoohan ’s permission to sample the show for its The Number of the Beast anthem “ The Prisoner , ” a healthy bit of fandom that was continued when it recorded the banger “ Back in the Village ” for Powerslave .
The ’60s TV series made an impression on other metalheads as well .
“ I loved The Prisoner when I was a kid , ” said Corey Taylor , vocalist for shock - rock group Slipknot , whose members , like the human experiments trapped in McGoohan ’s spy - fi series , are known not by their names but their numbers .
“ Patrick McGoohan was a badass .
He was like Richard Burton without the messy delivery . ”
The late , great McGoohan , who died in January , possessed a singular delivery , shot through with impassioned enunciation that puts most of today ’s actors to shame .
His character , Number Six , offered many opportunities for McGoohan to show it off ; in fact , each episode began with his legendary battle cry shouted at the top of his powerful lungs : “ I am not a number , I am a free man ! ”
The new Number Six , Jim Caviezel , is a much more understated thespian in AMC ’s Prisoner reboot .
And while he initially learned of McGoohan ’s gravitational pull from another all - star fan , Mel Gibson , Caviezel ’s Prisoner co-star Sir Ian McKellen is well - versed in the series ’ multitalented creator .
“ He was a charismatic actor , ” McKellen told Wired.com .
“ With Patrick , it was all on his face . ”
McGoohan was also a determined idealist , who abhorred the creep of mass - marketing and surveillance technology so resolutely dissected in The Prisoner .
His popular spy series Danger Man found him early success , yet he would turn down the plum role of James Bond after Ian Fleming ’s franchise caught fire in the early ’60s .
McGoohan disliked Bond ’s misogyny , and openly mocked the theatrics and violence of popular espionage , preferring instead to survive by his wits and creativity during Danger Man ‘s run , which in the mid-’60s made him one of Britain ’s highest - paid actors .
Rather than wear out his secret agent welcome , McGoohan went metafictional , resigning from the show to go on holiday , in the form of a show about a secret agent who resigns to go on holiday , but is instead imprisoned in a panopticon disguised as a resort .
That narrative innovation helped set the standard for the hyper-real television of today , and set about influencing the next generation of filmmakers , writers and thinkers .
“ McGoohan was one of the great heroes of my childhood and adolescence , as well as a continuing influence , via The Prisoner , on all of my thinking , ” brainiac comics writer Grant Morrison told Wired.com in March . “ The Prisoner was probably the first example I ever encountered of the ergodic storytelling method I ’ve aspired to perfect ever since . ”
Ergodic storytelling ’s narrative and visual hypertexting , which has revolutionized new media , is what helped The Prisoner stand out from the sci - fi of its time , which included Star Trek .
It commanded a devotion to study the show not as passive entertainment , but as nontrivial programming to be decoded .
From its subversive mind - wiping to the knotted allegory of “ Fall Out , ” where Number One is perhaps unmasked as yet another cerebral phantom , The Prisoner presaged recent sci-fi standouts as different as The Matrix and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind .
Those films arguably would not be the same without The Prisoner ‘s influence .
According to AMC ’s timeline of the show ’s pop-culture impact , neither would David Lynch and Mark Frost ’s Twin Peaks , J.J. Abrams ’ Alias and Lost , the remake of Battlestar Galactica and many more .
The same goes for comics :
All - stars like Alan Moore , Jack Kirby and others have joined Morrison in inserting The Prisoner ‘s spirit into their respective works like Watchmen , The Fantastic Four and The Invisibles .
Yet for all its brains , McGoohan ’s Prisoner also had plenty of humor , which is amazing considering the social and political tumult of its time — the height of the confused , conflicted Cold War .
“ What I liked about the original was its style , ” McKellen said .
“ It was witty , it had its tongue in its cheek .
There was a lot of black comedy in it .
And that curious location ” — Portmeirion , Wales — “ fitted with the oddity of the stories . ”
The 2009 remake , rebooted during a more self - referential age , has no comparative style or humor to speak of .
Which perhaps says more about our self - importance than it does about our true terrors .
Given the technological and sociopolitical strides of the four decades since McGoohan ’s series ended , you ’d think we ’d be in a much better mood .
But you ’d be wrong , and McGoohan knew it before most :
After pointing the guilty finger back at his viewers in the controversial finale “ Fall Out , ” he was summarily hounded out of England and became a relative hermit in California , venturing out only sporadically to appear on television and in film ( including David Cronenberg ’s brilliant Scanners ) .
McGoohan raged against the machine the entire way .
This insurmountable rebellion against commodification is what helped both McGoohan and his visionary series make cultural history .
And while rebellion and dissent has been since commodified itself , the actor ’s impassioned protestations still find sympathetic creative minds .
“ I only knew him from the TV screen , where Number Six can never die , ” Morrison said .
“ His influence lives on as long as light spreads . ”
See Also :
Investors Buy Gold As Central Banks on Course to Crash World Economy
Investors buy gold when there is inflation and when there is a flight to quality .
They buy gold when they no longer trust currencies , due to government or central bank profligacy .
Due to those and other reasons gold has broken out to new highs .
It could well be that gold may never see $ 1,000 again .
Long ago the world ’s central banks set the course for a planned collapse of the world economy to implement world government and there is now no turning back .
We have proof stretching back to 1965 that intervention by the Treasury and the Fed was taking place in the gold market .
The illegal sale of gold on 10/19/87 was a good example of that .
Then came the FOMC memos of the 1980s and 1990s to kill the perception that gold be allowed to reflect a policy of a weak dollar unbacked by gold .
It is all there and probably more proof which our government and the Fed hides from us .
We have to laugh at the smug who say why would the Treasury bother to rig the gold price ?
The point is they have and they are still doing it .
The perception now is that the massive stimulus put into international markets , especially US markets , will be withdrawn as interest rates are allowed to float upward .
This stimulus was responsible for the stock market climbing from Dow 6600 to 10,500 , a 60 % leap built on monetization .
If the punch bowl is removed the market will return to test 6600 .
In addition , the deflationary undertow kept at bay by the stimulus , will overcome monetary policy and the nation and the world will slip into monetary , deflationary depression .
The Fed is now forced to allow gold to trade higher and the dollar to fall lower .
What else would one expect under current monetary circumstances ?
This policy will allow both gold and the dollar to play out to their full extent .
The Fed ’s job has been very difficult considering a fiscal budget deficit of $ 1.5 trillion not counting off budget items that take it over $ 2 trillion – a condition we are told that will persist for the next ten years .
The solution has been the creation of ever more money and credit .
There has been no cooperation .
Nothing has worked together .
All the problems have gone spinning off into a number of directions .
There is no control on fiscal or monetary policy .
What the players refuse to understand is that until the system is purged the situation is only going to get worse .
There is no recovery .
It is only an interlude in an ongoing depression .
The result will be gold at $ 2,500 by the end of 2010 , and perhaps much sooner .
The buyers know what we know .
Real inflation since 1980 dictates $ 6,700 to $ 7,200 gold .
Even official inflation demands a $ 2,400 price .
In both instances how much inflation will 2010 bring ?
We are projecting 14 % real inflation and government and the Fed keep telling us inflation is 1.2 % .
Our figures show 6 - 1/8 % .
In addition the fundamentals show us that gold production has been in shortfall to usage by 150 or more tons for years and that situation will worsen over the next ten years .
Yes , we have hit peak gold .
Interest rates rises wo n’t come for at least a year , if ever , and 5 % growth in aggregates is in the realm of wishful thinking .
Less gold is currently produced annually than in 1980 and there are trillions more dollars sloshing about the world financial system , a good part of it for speculative purposes .
Without changes in monetary and fiscal policies , gold and silver prices will just keep rising .
The further our government , via Goldman Sacks , JPMorgan Chase , HSBC and Citigroup , short gold and silver and the shares , the greater price appreciation will be in the future as they ultimately will have to cover their shorts .
We are at the confluence of big things happening .
The fiscal debt overhand is so onerous that a ¾ % rise in interest rates would mean the Fed would have to monetize another $ 150 billion and a 5 % increase in interest rates would increase debt service interest by $ 600 billion additional dollars .
Yes , gold could reach $ 3,000 in 2010 and 2011 could bring another doubling as a result of the Fed and government just continuing what they are doing .
Will inflation reach 25 % or 30 % in 2011 ?
We do n’t know , but as we reflect on what the Fed has been doing we say that possibility certainly exists .
Could that mean $ 11,000 gold ?
Perhaps it does , we wo n’t know until we get there .
Even if inflation abated in 2011 or 2012 and a deflationary depression took command , gold would still be the go to investment .
That is because for 6,000 years it has been the only currency that has owed no one anything .
Would you really be ready to trade it for a fiat currency ?
We do n’t think so .
All bond markets as well as stock markets would have collapsed with the exception of gold and silver shares .
Just look at the 1930s and see the gains Homestake had , if you do n’t think gold stocks can make fortunes during a depression .
Gold and silver are the investments for all seasons as long as you have patience .
The banking system may collapse .
What better to use than gold and silver coins for barter .
This past year we have seen lending by banks fall 16.2 % y- o -y or by $ 600 billion .
Just double that figure and you are in depression .
Can you imagine what it will be like with little or no lending ?
Unemployment is 22.2 % .
Under such conditions the unemployed could be 35 % or more .
What do we do , let the Illuminati create another world war to cover up their machinations ?
The dollar is already falling and probably will eventually collapse .
Could it be 1 - 1/ 2 to 2 - 1/2 years from now that there will be an official 2/3 ’s devaluation ?
The exchange of three old dollars for one new dollar and a 2/3 ’s default on all debt by all nations with one another and the revaluation and devaluation of all currencies followed by a new international trading unit made up of the top G - 20 currencies weighted in an index .
That is certainly plausible as the dollar ceases to be the international reserve currency .
These events could push residential and commercial values down 75 % or more from their highs .
All investments except gold and silver could fall 60 % to 95 % as they did during the 1930s .
The Fed wo n’t be able to cut interest rates , which will already be at zero .
Demand for capital will force real rates higher and bonds lower .
All issuers of consumer debt will most likely go broke , as 50 % of debtors wo n’t be able to service their debt .
Real nasty times are just around the corner and nothing can be done to prevent them .
The system must be purged .
More major layoffs are on the way , real wages will fall and taxes will rise .
The Dow will settle somewhere between 1,500 and 4,200 .
We wo n’t know where until we get a lot closer .
Companies have maintained the bottom line by firing people , offshoring and outsourcing and using illegal aliens .
That method of cutting costs is approaching a threshold of diminishing returns .
The next big wave of layoffs will be municipal in towns , cities , counties and states that no longer have the reserve to pay employees .
Some states , such as Florida has no funds to pay for unemployment benefits and were it not for the stimulus plan they would have stopped issuing checks a year ago .
At this rate in many states municipalities will cease to function and schools , fire and police will be disbanded .
That is where this is all headed .
Americans have to be told the truth about what is really going on and who and what caused it and how we can fix it .
There is no question in our minds that the Fed will monetize and inflate until they cannot anymore .
We see no end to increasing deficit spending .
That first will perhaps bring about an Argentinean economy and if we do not come to terms with reality than it is Weimarization or Zimbabweization .
When this happens everything will be out of control .
Who knows where gold and silver will go , but everyone will want them .
You had best make preparations now or you will be very sorry you did n’t .
Remember , he who holds the gold makes the rules .
We usually deal with these issues in our gold section , but because they are so important and pressing at this time we bring them to the forefront .
Financial fraud is nothing new .
Silver coins were clipped long before Julius Caesar ’s Roman legions invaded Gaul in 110 BC .
This enabled Caesar to pay his troops as others had done before him .
The fraud allowed him to cross the Rubicon and become dictator of Rome , albeit for a short time .
As we look back some years from now when most of us will be in the Elysian Fields , history will comment on America a nation run by common criminals .
Many of you know who they are , and those who do not are about to find out .
Richard Nixon rolled for the Illuminati on 8/15/71 by taking us off the gold standard .
In the year 1987 we were beset upon by the master criminal Alan Greenspan .
He was later joined by other Illuminists , including Robert Rubin and Ben Bernanke and many others too numerous to mention .
All of these immoral , diabolical people have destroyed our financial system and they did it deliberately to enrich themselves and to bring about world government .
Others throughout the world have seen this period of looting since WWII and want to bring an end to it , but heretofore have been threatened with extinction if they disagreed with these illuminated masters of the universe .
That time for the end to begin is fast approaching and the elitists are well aware of that , thus , the final push for one - world government .
The process of dumping dollar denominated assets has been moving forward for the past few years .
They are being exchanged for many things , but gold is the most important .
Foreigners are tired of receiving constantly depreciating dollars for their goods and services .
They also do not want US bonds and mortgage paper .
Incidentally , the current high absorption of US government debt by foreign central banks is by a handful of banks that are being fed money and credit by our Federal Reserve .
The funds to buy this paper are being supplied by our privately owned Federal Reserve .
The eventual redemption will be met by further depreciated dollars until such time as there is official devaluation .
That is why china , Russia , Brazil , Iran , India and others are dumping dollars .
The only time they hold or buy is when they need to devalue their own currencies .
A good example is the Chinese Yuan , which is unchanged for the past year as the dollar dropped from 89.5 to 75.50 just since early May .
Next comes the scandals .
In the forefront are the tungsten bars coated with gold discovered by the Chinese several weeks ago , which has been blacked out in the elitist owned media .
The bars were held and delivered from London and believed to be from the ETF - GLD , which received them from the US government .
Our question is how much gold held by the US government is a fraud ?
Is GLD a fraud ?
Is SLV a fraud ?
Why ca n’t London OTC gold dealers deliver gold and have to borrow it from the Bank of England ?
Why does Comex not have gold to deliver and has to borrow it from Canada and the ECB ?
When is the CFTC going to stop the short side concentration in gold and silver ?
When is the SEC going to stop black box front - running and naked shorting ?
Once these factors assert themselves will the system break down and finally will some of these crooks go to jail ?
Wall Street , banking and our government continue to steal from the American people with the assistance of the Federal Reserve .
Is it no wonder that 75 % to 80 % of Americans want the Fed audited ?
We must also keep in mind that the public still only knows a fraction of what has been done to them .
They know little about front running , naked shorting or bogus gold bars , thanks to our media .
Criminals are doing 20 to 30 years for much less than what these crooks have done and the core , the heart of the mechanism , springs from the Federal Reserve .
The Fed is the center from which the fraud emanates .
When we write and present articles such as this they often appear in other media , but are quickly deleted after a day or two .
It will be interesting to see if this article appears at all .
We have been told by some sites that government has brought to bear pressure to stop the reprinting of material of a select few writers .
Further to the latest scandals regarding gold and silver : December is usually the largest delivery month of the year and we expect delivery problems again on both gold and silver contracts .
The first line of defense by the exchanges will be intimidation and then offers of dollar premiums for not taking delivery as has been recently done in London .
Over the next week and into December the drama will again be played out .
The question again arises can London and Comex make delivery ?
Another factor not yet considered is when will those who were involved in the tungsten gold bar caper be exposed ?
Who created the bars and then sold them ?
It is a scandal that is really an afterthought to the massive physical buying in the marketplace , particularly by the Chinese and Indians .
As we announced long ago the dollar has decoupled from gold .
They are both on their own , although we must concede that a weaker dollar has to help gold prices .
Gold still is making gains against all currencies .
We have a number of European nations who are upset about the falling dollar and rising euro , etc. , especially the Germans .
They want business as usual .
Evidentially no one has told them the world is in a depression .
Western banks are bankrupt and the Chinese and others realize that , so they will not stop buying gold .
There is a put behind the price and every time gold softens the Chinese come to the rescue along with others .
Goldman and Morgan ’s shorts are going to get buried this time .
Due to the frightful weather in Scotland during the G - 20 meeting no one got to play golf , and they almost called the meeting because of it .
The course for dollar abandonment was only talked about in secret meetings , but quantitative easing was still in vogue .
No one really wanted to raise interest rates nor stop the flow of massive money and credit .
They may have cut back but no less aggregate creation is in sight .
It is no wonder almost all currencies are falling versus gold .
This has caused the end of the G - 8 with all power now going to the G - 20 .
This is why we believe the new international trading unit will be a combination of 20 currencies , weighted in an index , and backed 10 % to 15 % gold .
That is where we believe the next move is headed .
In the end each currency will fall versus gold , some more than others .
Few countries have an exit strategy and to a great extent follow the western nations .
That is because they all believe recovery is on the way .
This is all part of a propaganda game to make the world believe that deliverance is upon them .
Nothing could be further from the truth .
If the financial and economic conditions were going to improve why would most countries need such low interest rates and why would they need such money and credit creation ?
They all know there is only one way out and that is to inflate and that is what most all of them are doing and why all their currencies will continue to fall versus gold .
Carl Levin , chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , said higher - income Americans should be taxed to pay for additional troops sent to Afghanistan and that NATO should provide half of the new soldiers .
An “ additional income tax to the upper brackets , folks earning more than $ 200,000 or $ 250,000 ” could fund more troops
Legislators , at all levels of government , still do n’t get it .
It ’s over - the socialism and crony capitalism has busted the system .
The debt is unserviceable ; the economy is in tatters on the back of too much debt , taxes and regulations .
Yet the remedy is to tax , spend and borrow even more !
A Quinnipiac University poll of a national cross section of voters reported its latest results … and one question was particularly interesting to me .
It read : " President Obama has pledged that health insurance reform will not add to our federal budget deficit over the next decade .
Do you think that President Obama will be able to keep his promise or do you think that any health care plan that Congress passes and President Obama signs will add to the federal budget deficit ? "
The answer : Less than one - fifth of the voters -- 19 percent of the sample -- think he will keep his word .
Nine of 10 Republicans and eight of 10 independents said that whatever passes will add to the torrent of red ink .
By a margin of four to three , even Democrats agreed this is likely .
That fear contributed directly to the fact that , by a 16 - point margin , the majority in this poll said they oppose the legislation moving through Congress .
The real star of the health care debate this weekend has been the 2,074 - page bill .
… " It 's a massive increase in government , as shown by this bill , " Mr. Ensign told a reporter off the floor later , spreading his arms wide as if to encompass the stack of papers that comes in at more than a foot tall and , according to Sen.
Lisa Murkowski , weighs in at more than 20 pounds .
The bill contains the word " tax " 511 times and includes 18 tax hikes , according to Americans for Tax Reform , a conservative lobby group .
It uses the word " require " more than 1,000 times , the word " shall " more than 3,500 times , and talks about studies required by the bill 150 times .
Can the Postal Service be Saved ?
With Losses Mounting , Postal Service Seeks Autonomy , Pushes to Cut Saturday Service ; Rep. Danny Davis Calls for a Bailout
The agency cut $ 6 billion in expenses over the past year , eliminating 40,000 of its roughly 750,000 jobs and slashing overtime hours .
But it says that is n't enough .
The comments , from mayors of Philadelphia , San Jose , Calif ; Mesa , Ariz . , and Bowling Green , Ky. , at a panel discussion sponsored by the Brookings Institution and the National League of Cities , underscore how the recession for local government is far from over .
Mesa 's mayor , Scott Smith , said the steep drops in sales - tax revenue , the city 's primary source of money , are " changing our reality . "
" We treat this financial crisis as something we 're not going to get out of , " said Mr. Smith , whose city has about 500,000 citizens and is in the Phoenix metropolitan area .
Even as economists declare the recession over , local revenues continue to fall .
That 's because the lion 's share of their receipts -- sales , income and property taxes -- are connected to the job market and real - estate prices .
Jobs and real - estate prices are expected to lag the broader economic recovery , reducing city revenues for months or years after the technical end of the recession .
We have argued that those that bombast about ‘ saving capitalism for the US ’ are duplicitous or ignorant .
Capitalism died decades ago .
If there had been capitalism , Goldman would ’ve disappeared in 1987 as would have Citi in 1991 - 1992 .
Solons are trying to save the socialist state that keeps them in power .
Investment funds are buying billions of dollars ’ worth of home loans , discounted from the loans ’ original value .
Then , in what might seem an act of charity , the funds are helping homeowners by reducing the size of the loans .
But as part of these deals , the mortgages are being refinanced through lenders that work with government agencies like the Federal Housing Administration .
This enables the funds to pocket sizable profits by reselling new , government - insured loans to other federal agencies , which then bundle the mortgages into securities for sale to investors .
While homeowners save money , the arrangement shifts nearly all the risk for the loans to the federal government — and , ultimately , taxpayers — at a time when Americans are falling behind on their mortgage payments in record numbers .
On August 12 , excess reserves at the Fed stood at $ 708.501B .
For November 18 , the figure has soared to $ 1.046180 trillion .
Now that the Fed pays interest on reserves , banks are receiving free money from the Fed , indirectly on US taxpayers .
Why lend when you can mint money for free on the arb ?
The United States government is financing its more than trillion - dollar - a - year borrowing with i.o.u.’s on terms that seem too good to be true .
But that happy situation , aided by ultra - low interest rates , may not last much longer .
Treasury officials now face a trifecta of headaches : a mountain of new debt , a balloon of short - term borrowings that come due in the months ahead , and interest rates that are sure to climb back to normal as soon as the Federal Reserve decides that the emergency has passed .
Reports reach us that China intends to purchase an additional 10,000 tons of gold to fund the renmimbi , so that China can invest more widely and develop new technologies .
There is also talk of the Hong Kong dollar replacing the US dollar .
All this is positive for China ; it is just that they are mired in Keynes philosophy of stimulating the economy .
They have used $ 1.8 trillion since February and created new bubbles in the stock market and real estate .
The subjective October sales figures by the national Association of Realtors said sales surged a record 10.1 % , the highest since February 2007 .
Year - on - year sales rose 23.5 % .
We will have further comments later after we see the internals .
The St. Louis Fed President Bullard says the Fed should extend its authority to purchase more MBS , mortgage - backed securities and agency , Fannie , Freddie , Ginnie and FHA bonds .
The Fed will buy $ 1.25 trillion of MBS by March and $ 175 to $ 200 billion in agencies .
They refuse to tell us what they are paying for this toxic garbage .
The Chicago Fed national Activity Index fell to minus 1.08 from minus 1.01 in September .
The 3 - month moving average fell to minus 0.91 from minus 0.67 .
Growth is below historical trends .
That move below minus 0.70 in the 3 - month average index .
Of 85 indicators 53 were negative in October .
Schools all over the nation are going to force furloughs on teachers to save money .
Now that the stimulus loans for schools and unemployment have been spent , massive cuts are coming .
We warned our daughter , a teacher , months ago of what was coming .
Banking , Wall Street , insurance and Washington are living fat and high on the hog .
They even tell us Obama saved the system from collapse and that economic conditions are improving .
Then again , Wall Street in their arrogance tells us they are doing God ’s work .
That is why they get giant bonuses as the public starves .
The modern version of “ Daddy Warbucks . ”
In case you had n’t noticed there has been little change .
What change is trying to be stuffed down our throats is Medical Reform , Cap & trade , more war and a tax on us for creating global warming that does n’t exist .
Iran says it has saved $ 5 billion due to shifting away from the US dollar .
As you know 3 - month Treasuries are yielding 0.01 % ; the one - year 0.26 % ; the 2 - year 0.77 % and the 10 - year 3.35 % .
As a result $ 260 billion has gone into bond funds this year and $ 2.6 billion into stock funds .
We find that revealing inasmuch as the Dow has gone from 6600 to 10,500 .
You can now clearly see the dynamics created by leveraged TARP funds - $ 400 billion left money market funds due to miniscule yields and the end of federal guarantees on 9/18/09 .
A good part of the funds ended up in US Treasuries .
A move calculated to drive funds into Treasuries .
The relatively new dollar carry trade has fueled the market as well .
That is when you borrow dollars at near zero interest rates and purchase a different currency paying a higher interest rate .
The dollars are used to speculate as well usually using leverage .
As long as the dollar falls the trade remains very profitable .
The market is discounting a 5 % rise in GDP in 2010 and earnings increases of 40 % as 22.2 % or more than 25 million people remain out of work .
The P/E ratios are as a result at 23 .
In addition the Fed has indicated it wo n’t raise interest rates for 1 year to 1 - 1/ 2 years and perhaps longer .
That is what Japan has done for 18 years and has wallowed in depression as a result .
Evidentially that is the intention of the Fed as well , only the US will have much higher inflation than the current real inflation of 7 - 1/8 % , not the official 1.2 % .
The creation of money , credit and monetization of dollars is causing China , Brazil and perhaps Russia to put a tax on short term hot dollar capital from coming into their countries , which builds up inflationary pressure in the US .
Mark Hanson explains : NAR ’s Voodoo made for another headline that paints an inaccurate picture of reality .
Yes ,
Oct sales counts did not fall as they typically do because of the a ) last minute rush to close by the original Oct 31st tax credit sunset b) sudden plunge in mortgage rates to historic lows in September , c ) and continued price depreciation that carried the market into the shoulder season .
But taken in context of as small of a time frame as even year - to - date and examined in real terms , the picture is much different .
In fact , the total dollar amount spent on Existing Houses YTD 2009 in nearly 10 % less than Oct YTD 2008 .
We have heard nobody mention this fact -- measured in this context , housing is still falling sharply .
October Existing Home Sales ( NSA ) came in at 499 k … the exact same amount is in August .
This compares to September ’s downwardly adjusted 468k and last October ’s 413 k .
“ Flip - Adjusted ” , total sales were closer to 425k .
Prices at the median and average continued to fall -- five months straight since June .
MoM prices fell 1.6 % and 1.7 % on average , both larger than the average monthly declines for 2009 .
So , a ) the Fed spends a trillion + to push rates to historic lows b) the gov’t gives out a tax credit ; prices continue to fall c ) overall financial market sentiment improves considerably over a year ago d ) rates plunge again in Sept e ) and during the first half of 2009 foreclosure inventory was huge -- and only 61 k more houses were sold though Oct 2009 than during the same period last year with the total amount spent 10 % lower .
Compared to Oct YTD 2007 , sales are DOWN 635k .
And remember , in 2007 prices were at or near all time highs .
Only 61 k additional sales in 2009 YTD vs. 2008 may be an ‘ improvement ’ but in the grand scheme of the housing market and trillion + spent to support it , these results are anemic at best and not self - sustaining .
Single - family home sales rose 9.7 percent to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 5.33 million in October from a pace of 4.86 million in September , and are 21.4 percent above the 4.39 million - unit pace in October 2008 .
The median existing single - family home price was $ 173,100 in October , down 6.8 percent from a year ago .
Existing condominium and co-op sales surged 13.2 percent to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 770,000 units in October from 680,000 in September , and are 40.8 percent above the 547,000 - unit level a year ago .
The median existing condo price4 was $ 172,900 in October , which is 10.4 percent below October 2008 .
Preliminary tax collection data for the July - September quarter of 2009 show continued widespread and sharp declines for most states for all three major sources of tax revenue , as well as for overall taxes .
The Rockefeller Institute ’s compilation of data from individual states shows collections from major tax sources were $ 119.7 billion in the third quarter of 2009 , compared to $ 134.0 billion for the same states during the comparable quarter of 2008 .
Overall , tax revenue declined by 10.7 percent in nominal terms .
After adjusting for inflation , tax revenues declined by 11.3 percent in the third quarter compared to the same quarter of 2008 .
Personal income tax declines represented a $ 6.7 billion loss and the sales tax a $ 3.8 billion loss for the period .
Corporate income tax saw the sharpest rate of decline at 19.4 percent , followed by the personal income tax and sales tax at 11.4 and 8.2 percent , respectively .
New Englanders are projected to spend on average about $ 445 on gifts this season , down 17 percent from last year .
The national picture is only slightly better : Shoppers are expected to spend $ 452 on gifts , a 15 percent drop compared with last year , according to a Deloitte LLP survey of nearly 11,000 consumers across the country .
But if panic reigned last holiday season , resignation is this year ’s king .
Merchants are keeping expectations low and running leaner with aggressive , early promotions and scaled back inventory .
Eager to grab consumers ’ dollars before they spend them elsewhere , some retailers are offering preview sales to the doorbuster deals that will be available on Black Friday , the day after Thanksgiving and typically the busiest shopping day of the year .
The Catholic Diocese of Wilmington is obligated to pay retirement benefits to six priests who are confirmed pedophiles , church officials argued in a bankruptcy court filing seeking permission to keep making the payments .
After filing for Chapter 11 protection last month , the diocese agreed not to make payments to priests accused of sexual abuse without court approval .
That agreement was made after objections were raised by attorneys for alleged abuse victims who now sit on a creditors committee .
In a filing submitted late Thursday , attorneys for the diocese now seek authorization to provide pensions , housing costs , and medical coverage to six confirmed child abusers .
They cited an obligation to care for retired clergy , including priests dismissed from public ministry and facing laicization , or defrocking .
“ Only the Vatican has the power to laicize clergy , ’’ the diocese said .
“ Thus , while several priests have been dismissed from the public ministry and have laicization proceedings pending against them , for the time being they remain clergy whom the debtor supports , and must continue to support . ’’
James Stang , an attorney for the creditors committee , described the filing as “ outrageous . ’’
Officials with the Survivors Network of Those Abused by Priests , or SNAP , could not recall a similar motion in the six other bankruptcies involving Catholic dioceses in the United States .
The group also noted that the Wilmington diocese is paying a public relations firm a minimum of $ 100,000 for bankruptcy - related work .
Defending himself against critics , Representative Ron Paul of Texas played down continuing concerns on Friday that his amendment to give Congress sweeping new oversight powers over the Federal Reserve would compromise the central bank ’s political independence .
He asserted that the Fed was not truly as independent as it would like the public to believe .
“ There is already a tremendous amount of political pressure on the Fed , ” Mr. Paul , a libertarian Republican , told DealBook .
“ The Federal Reserve Board chairmen have notoriously been sympathetic to the presidents who might be reappointing them and there has been evidence to show that . ”
Mr. Paul also asserted that the Fed was beholden to pressures beyond the government from special interests , including Wall Street .
“ It ’s not like the banks and Goldman Sachs does n’t have influence over the Fed , ” Mr. Paul said .
“ Every time the Fed says it wants its independence , what they are really saying is we want to keep our secrets . ”
The renewed attacks on Mr. Paul ’s controversial amendment to provide audits of the Fed comes after the House Financial Services Committee voted Thursday night to insert the amendment into its version of the financial overhaul bill .
The amendment would allow the Government Accountability Office , the investigative arm of Congress , to have access to a vast array of information on the nation ’s monetary policy currently out of their reach , including information on the Fed ’s emergency lending programs , information on the financial bailouts , the Fed ’s dealings with foreign central banks and the Fed ’s decisions to drive down interest rates by intervening in bond markets .
Representative Barney Frank , the Massachusetts Democrat who is chairman of the House Financial Services Committee , told DealBook that he voted against the amendment because he said he felt “ it went a little bit too far . ”
But he noted that he could support it going forward if it did not dispel the “ perception ” that the Fed is independent .
“ The problems with monetary policy is that perception plays a real role and I did worry that that could lead people inside America and also outside to be worried about the integrity of the monetary policy function , ” Mr. Frank said .
“ If it turns out that the amendment does not cause these kind of concerns , then I would be fine with that . ”
Meanwhile , other critics of Mr. Paul ’s amendment contend that Congress is “ pandering to public anger ” and fear that the Fed would lose its ability to set interest rates , putting Congress in charge of this very important subset of monetary policy .
“
Yesterday ’s passage of the Paul amendment by the House Financial Services Committee is a dangerous move by this Congress to pander to the populist anger currently directed against our central bank , the Federal Reserve , ” Senator Judd Gregg , Republican of New Hampshire , said in a statement .
“ Congress has demonstrated time and again its inability to manage the nation ’s fiscal policy , illustrated by our staggering national debt in excess of $ 12 trillion , so how can anyone think that its involvement in monetary policy would be good for the country ? ”
Mr. Paul shot back at Mr. Gregg .
“ It ’s not pandering , it ’s listening , ” Mr. Paul said .
“ The people are angry because they are finding out what the Fed is doing . ”
One of the more controversial things the Fed has done during the crisis was to buy up billions of dollars ’ worth of mortgage - backed securities from banks and government - sponsored entities .
Since the Fed is shielded from oversight , Congress has little idea what the Fed bought or exactly how much it paid for the potentially toxic securities .
Mr. Paul said he feared that the government could be paying full price for the securities , which could end up being worthless .
Mr. Paul also said the amendment specifically barred Congress from intervening in any aspect of monetary policy and that any audits of the Federal Reserve ’s decisions to raise or lower interests rates would be made available to Congress on a six - month time lag .
The bill will be voted on by the committee at the end of the month and it will then go to the House floor for debate and a vote .
The Senate , meanwhile , is considering its own financial overhaul bill .
If those bills are approved , they would then have to be reconciled by both houses of Congress before going to the president .
Unemployment in the District soared to a record high of 11.9 percent in October , according to government data released Friday , ranking it among California , Nevada , Michigan and other states with the highest jobless rates .
The District 's jobless rate climbed a half a percentage point in October to reach its highest level in 34 years of record keeping .
In Virginia , the unemployment rate remained steady at 6.6 percent , while in Maryland , it rose slightly , to 7.3 percent from 7.2 percent .
The data offered a mixed picture of the region , with Maryland and Virginia remaining below the national unemployment rate of 10.2 percent for October and the District continuing to climb above it .
" We see that Maryland and Virginia are benefiting from federal spending -- defense spending accounts for 20 percent of jobs in Virginia , " said Stephen S. Fuller , director of the Center for Regional Analysis at George Mason University .
" The District is too small to be diversified across the sectors like you 'd see at the state levels . "
Only five states had higher unemployment rates than the District , including South Carolina at 12.1 percent , California at 12.5 percent and Nevada at 13 percent .
Michigan , which has been suffering from the decline of the auto industry and manufacturing , had the highest jobless rate in the nation -- 15.1 percent .
Alaska was the only state where the monthly jobless rate grew more than in the District , up 0.6 percentage points .
Joseph P. Walsh Jr. , director of D.C.'s Department of Employment Services , said the District 's unemployment rate , while high compared to Maryland and Virginia , is more in line with other big cities .
For instance , government data from September , the latest month for which city numbers are available , show New York at 10.2 percent unemployment , Chicago at 11.3 percent , Los Angeles at 14 percent and Detroit at 27.9 percent .
The District lost 500 jobs in professional and business services , information technology and construction .
At the same time , it added 10,200 jobs in such sectors as education , health services , and leisure and hospitality .
Experts attributed the apparent disconnect between the dramatic job growth and the dramatic rise in the unemployment rate to the sources of the data :
The jobless rate is based on a household survey of unemployed people , while the jobs data are based on a survey of employers .
If you ’ve ever wondered about those ATMs you see in bars and neighborhood stores that are n’t affiliated with a bank , what Robert Siciliano demonstrated probably wo n’t inspire much confidence .
Siciliano , a Boston - based security expert for Intelius , an identity theft protection company , decided earlier this fall to buy one of those ATMs .
“ I quickly found an ad from a bar north of Boston .
They were selling pool tables , Budweiser neon signs , and an ATM , ’’ he said .
Siciliano then used an associate , a hacker , to see what they could find in the machine .
“ The next day after we bought it , my hacker comes over to my garage , manual in hand , all giggly , like hackers sometimes do and says , ‘ Watch this . ’
He punches the master codes to access the machine ’s data . . . and hundreds of credit and debit card numbers just start falling all over the floor . ’’
There were more than 1,000 numbers recorded in the machine that Siciliano and his colleague printed out .
ATMs like that are resold all the time , Siciliano said .
They are particularly easy to find in big cities and can be found from time to time in the Boston area .
“ The issue with these types is the portability of them and anyone can get one and put it anywhere , ’’ he said .
They are easily hacked and the innards can be reconfigured to store your card data and PIN .
A criminal can also affix skimming devices that capture your data from the card ’s magnetic strip and they install wireless cameras that record your PIN codes . ’’
Siciliano said people also need to be wary of so - called rogue ATMs that are set up to do little else but steal your personal information .
For most people there is little to distinguish one of those machines from a well - meaning nonbank machine .
And even legit nonbank machines , Siciliano points out , do n’t have security cameras built into them like those at banks .
Before you use a nonbank ATM , be sure you want to take that chance .
The Senate narrowly overcame the first of two critical hurdles to passing sweeping health care legislation last night , mustering the minimum of 60 votes required to begin debate on the bill and opening a volatile floor fight likely to last weeks .
Although the vote added to the sense of momentum for the most significant attempt to expand health coverage in decades , the struggle by Democratic leaders in the Senate to secure enough support yesterday demonstrated that final passage remains far from certain .
In the coming weeks , Democrats must resolve an intraparty dispute over whether to establish even a limited government - run insurance option , a disagreement that threatens to unravel the effort .
Senate majority leader Harry Reid of Nevada said last night that lawmakers are working on a new compromise version , but some Democrats said they believe wavering senators would not sacrifice the entire health care bill over that one issue .
Gulf states , including Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates , may revalue their currencies while maintaining their pegs to the U.S. dollar , a person familiar with Saudi monetary policy said .
The states may revalue by an unspecified amount in as soon as a month 's time , the person , who declined to be identified because the matter is confidential , said yesterday .
No decision has been made on whether to revalue , he said .
The comments came as heads of state of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries began a summit meeting in Riyadh .
Gulf states are facing record inflation , caused partly by the weakening dollar , which has made imports from Europe more expensive .
Consumer prices rose a record 4.9 percent in Saudi Arabia in August while inflation in the U.A.E. increased to a record 9.3 percent last year .
Qatar has the highest inflation in the region , reaching 14.8 percent in the first quarter .
`` It makes sense for them to do it , '' said Jens Nordvig , senior global markets economist at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. in New York , in a phone interview .
``Given the emerging inflation pressures , there are very good reasons for them to allow currency appreciation . ''
The decline in the value of the dollar is a ``concern '' to OPEC members , Qatar 's Energy Minister Abdullah Al - Attiyah said after a meeting of OPEC oil , finance and energy ministers in Riyadh Nov. 16 .
Home resales leaped up in October , rising far more than expected as a fat tax credit offset fears about joblessness .
Sales of existing homes increased by 10.1 % to a 6.10 million annual rate from 5.54 million in September , the National Association of Realtors said Monday .
Inventories kept shrinking .
Prices fell , but the NAR said the decline was the smallest in more than a year .
The 6.10 - million rate was the highest since February 2007 .
Economists surveyed by Dow Jones Newswires expected a 2.3 % increase in sales during October , to a rate of 5.70 million .
" Many buyers have been rushing to beat the deadline for the first - time buyer tax credit , " NAR economist Lawrence Yun said .
September sales rose 8.8 % to 5.54 million ; the NAR originally reported sales for that month jumped 9.4 % , to 5.57 million .
Existing - home sales , year over year , were 23.5 % higher last month than the level in October 2008 .
The October surge in sales follows a very disappointing housing sector report last week showing U.S. construction tumbled in October to the lowest point in six months .
A reason for the sharp , unexpected drop might have involved uncertainty over a government tax incentive for home buyers that had been due to lapse in November .
Congress extended the tax credit earlier this month through April , a move seen fueling sales and construction into the new year .
" There is still a large pent - up demand that can be tapped before the tax credit expires , " Yun said .
Aside from the tax credit , low prices and mortgage rates have drawn in buyers , concerned as the U.S. unemployment rate climbed in October to 10.2 % .
The average 30 - year mortgage rate was 4.95 % in October , down from 5.06 % in September , Freddie Mac data showed .
The NAR reported the median price for an existing home last month was $ 173,100 , down 7.1 % from $ 186,400 in October 2008 .
Inventories of previously owned homes decreased by 3.7 % at the end of October to 3.57 million available for sale .
That represented a 7.0 - month supply at the current sales pace , compared to 8.0 in September .
Regionally , sales in October compared to September rose 11.6 % in the Northeast , 14.4 % in the Midwest , 12.7 % in the South , and 1.6 % in the West .
Of the 6.10 million in overall U.S. sales , 30 % were distressed , which includes foreclosures .
That compares to a range of 45 % to 50 % in months during late 2008 and early 2009 .
For the first time in a decade , more people paid their credit card bills on time in the third quarter this year than in the second quarter .
The delinquency rate on bank - issued cards like those bearing MasterCard and Visa logos fell to 1.1 percent for the June - to - September period , from a rate of 1.17 percent in the prior three months , according to credit reporting agency TransUnion .
The 6 percent drop is significant not just for its size but also for its timing , since delinquency rates usually rise in the third quarter from the prior period , said Ezra Becker of TransUnion ’s financial services group .
Taken together with the more than 11 percent decline seen between the first and second quarters , the results indicate that consumers are getting better at handling their debt .
It ’s too early to tell how the recession has affected consumer behavior long - term , Becker said , but the holiday shopping season will provide some clues .
The National Retail Federation , a retail trade group , expects total holiday sales will drop 1 percent from last year .
The United States is borrowing trillions of dollars under terms that seem " too good to be true " just as a " spending explosion " on benefits programs like Medicare and Social Security is set to begin , according to the New York Times .
In a series titled " Payback Time : Debt Bomb , " the Times details the magnitude of our nation 's borrowing and warns of an impending and monumental reality check :
The government faces a payment shock similar to those that sent legions of overstretched homeowners into default on their mortgages .
With the national debt now topping $ 12 trillion , the White House estimates that the government 's tab for servicing the debt will exceed $ 700 billion a year in 2019 , up from $ 202 billion this year , even if annual budget deficits shrink drastically . "
Freddie Mac , the government - backed mortgage finance giant , said Monday it 's trying to minimize losses on more than $ 1 billion in assets at risk because of the summer collapse of mortgage lender Taylor , Bean & Whitaker and a regional bank with which it did business .
McLean - based Freddie Mac said it filed a petition to claim about $ 595 million that Taylor Bean had collected on its behalf and placed on deposit at Colonial Bank , an Alabama - based bank that was shut by regulators in early August , a few weeks before Taylor Bean filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection .
Colonial Bank is now in the hands of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp .
For a fee , Taylor Bean collected the monthly payments on home loans that were owned by Freddie Mac .
Freddie Mac also reiterated on Monday that it is due $ 500 million for home loans that Taylor Bean had sold the company with the promise that it would buy them back if they did n't meet Freddie Mac 's standards .
Freddie Mac says the loans did not pass muster and wants to sell them back , but Taylor Bean 's bankruptcy prevents the sale .
It is not clear what the price tag associated with the collapse of Taylor Bean and Colonial Bank will ultimately be for Freddie Mac .
" Freddie Mac is currently assessing its other potential exposures to [ Taylor Bean ] and is working with the debtor in possession , the FDIC and other creditors to quantify these exposures , " the company said in a statement .
" At this time , Freddie Mac is unable to estimate its total potential exposure related to [ Taylor Bean 's ] bankruptcy ; however , the amount of additional losses related to such exposures could be significant . "
Freddie Mac earlier this month posted a $ 5 billion loss for the third quarter , but said for the second time in a row that it did n't need any more federal aid .
Freddie Mac and its rival , Fannie Mae of the District , have received $ 111 billion in aid since the government seized the firms in 2008 .
Fannie Mae also did business with Taylor Bean but the company said it has reported the extent of its exposure .
Home prices rose slightly in September , the fourth straight monthly increases and a clear sign that the housing market 's recovery is continuing .
The Standard & Poor 's / Case - Shiller home price index of 20 major cities released Tuesday rose 0.3 percent to a seasonally adjusted reading of 144.96 in September .
Prices rose month - over - month in 11 metro areas .
Industry experts , however , still worry that rising unemployment and foreclosures could stifle the rebound in prices .
The U.S. economy expanded at a 2.8 percent annual rate in the third quarter , less than the government reported last month , reflecting a smaller gain in consumer spending and a bigger trade deficit .
The increase in gross domestic product from July through September reported today by the Commerce Department in Washington compares with a 3.5 percent gain previously estimated .
Corporate profits climbed by the most in five years .
Smaller increases in spending show the U.S. was dependent on government stimulus programs to help dig the world 's largest economy out of its worst recession since the 1930s .
Growing profits lifted purchases of equipment and software , indicating investment by companies such as Verizon Communications Inc. will help make up for smaller gains in household purchases as unemployment mounts .
More than 57,000 unemployed Arizonans may be eligible for additional weeks of unemployment compensation .
Click on the video link to the right to hear from Pat Harrington with the Arizona Department of Economic Security .
Pat explains who is eligible , how you can find out if you 're included , how much additional compensation you may be entitled to , and where to go for help .
The bottom line : Anyone currently receving benefits or who exhausted benefits this year , is entitled to 14 more weeks of unemployment compensation .
These weeks of compensation can go into 2010 .
If you 've exhausted benefits you should have received a letter by now from DES , if not , contact them at AZCALLCENTER@AZDES.GOV .
If you are still receiving benefits , you will receive your letter at the time you exhaust them .
Both groups may be eligible for 6 more weeks but that is subject to Congress passing an extension by 12/31/09 .
JPMorgan Chase & Co. , the second - largest U.S. bank , said the dollar will fall to a record low next year on signs the Federal Reserve will keep interest rates near zero until 2011 and investors seek higher - yielding assets .
The dollar will weaken to $ 1.62 per euro in the second quarter , JPMorgan foreign - exchange strategists led by London - based John Normand wrote in the bank ’s Global FX Outlook 2010 , published today .
The bank previously predicted a trough of $ 1.50 in the first quarter .
U.S. rates at an all - time low make the dollar attractive to sell in so - called carry trades , in which investors use the greenback to fund purchases of higher - yielding currencies such as the Australian dollar and Norwegian krone .
The greenback also weakened this year as central banks increased the percentage of foreign reserves held in euros at the expense of the dollar .
“ Fed policy is a key driver because it determines the dollar ’s attractiveness as a funding currency and the cost of hedging the foreign - exchange risk on long - term investments , ” Normand said in an interview .
“ The dollar ’s decline is more than a carry trade .
Global investors ’ preference for non-U.S. equities , rising merger and acquisition outflows from the U.S. and central - bank reserve diversification are compounding the dollar ’s decline . ”
Richmond Fed Manufacturing Index declines to 1 in Nov from 7 .
Sept. S&P / Case - Shiller Home Price Indices fall 9.4 % .
National chain store sales rose 4.8 % in the first three weeks of November versus the previous month , according to Redbook Research 's latest indicator of national retail sales released Tuesday .
The rise in the index was compared to a targeted 4.8 % gain .
The Johnson Redbook Index also showed seasonally adjusted sales for the period were up 2.1 % from last year and compared to a targeted 2.2 % increase .
Redbook said , " The week ended on a stronger note than it began .
Not surprisingly , food and pre-Thanksgiving special promotions drew in customers .
Department stores indicated that sales were driven by strength in apparel and seasonal merchandise . "
3Q Real Personal Consumption Expenditures increase 2.9 % .
U.S. consumer confidence improved in November , recovering somewhat from a sharp drop in October to beat economists expectations , according to a report Tuesday .
However , other elements of the report showed that U.S. consumers continue to be especially anxious about a sluggish U.S. economy .
The Conference Board , a private research group , said its index of consumer confidence for November moved to 49.5 from a revised 48.7 in October .
The October index had previously been reported at 47.7 .
The current month 's reading was above economists ' expectations for a 47.0 reading , according to a survey conducted by Dow Jones Newswires .
The index continues to be held up by respondents ' expectations for economic activity in the future , with that component showing an increase to 68.5 from 67.0 in October .
But this was again offset by a weak present conditions index , which fell slightly to 21.0 from 21.1 .
The International Council of Shopping Centers and Goldman Sachs Retail Chain Store Sales Index was unchanged in the week ended Saturday from its level a week before on a seasonally adjusted , comparable - store basis .
On a year - on - year basis , the reading climbed 3.3 % , with an easy comparison allowing the figure to post its biggest increase since July 2007 .
Nonetheless , ICSC trimmed its forecast for November same - store sales growth to 4 % to 6 % from 5 % to 8 % .
But ICSC chief economist Michael P. Niemira noted , " So much of the monthly performance rides on Bargain Friday shopping " the day after Thanksgiving .
The group also noted that 15 % of households have completed at least half of their holiday shopping , the highest level in five years .
Week Ending Index 1977=100 Yr / Yr Change Weekly Change
21 - Nov-09 490.2 3.3 % 0.0 %
14 - Nov-09 490.2 2.4 % - 0.1 %
07 - Nov-09 490.9 2.9 % - 0.1 %
31 - Oct-09 491.3 1.9 % 0.1 %
S&P Case - Shiller says 20 metro area home prices rose for the 5th straight month .
Their home index rose 0.3 % in September from August .
The 20 - city index yoy fell 9.4 % .
the national index for the 3rd quarter rose 3.1 % qoq , the same as in the 2nd quarter .
The FDIC insurance fund is broke with an $ 8.2 billion debit balance , as the banking industry had 3rd quarter profits of $ 2.8 billion .
The Fed on Tuesday sold $ 42 billion in 5 - year notes .
S&P says most global banks are still unsafe .
That includes every bank in Japan , the US , Germany , Spain and Italy .
The broke FDIC says the number of banks on the problem list rose to 552 from 416 .
These same banks recently borrowed $ 11.7 trillion .
Where did all the money go ?
The savings of the average American are being squandered .
Total US government obligations are $ 114.7 trillion as of the end of 2009 .
Lending by U.S. banks plunged by 2.8 percent in the third quarter , the largest drop since at least 1984 and the fifth consecutive quarter in which banks have reduced lending , the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. reported Tuesday .
The decline in lending is emerging as a serious impediment to economic recovery .
Banks reduced the amount of money extended to their customers by $ 210.4 billion between July and September , cutting back in almost every category , from mortgage lending to funding for corporations .
Theinternationalforcaster.com
Global Research Articles by Bob Chapman
© Copyright Bob Chapman , Global Research , 2009
Disclaimer :
The views expressed in this article are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of the Centre for Research on Globalization .
The contents of this article are of sole responsibility of the author(s ) .
The Centre for Research on Globalization will not be responsible or liable for any inaccurate or incorrect statements contained in this article .
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Background
Update 2015 : After much thought , I no longer think math is a science .
Science must be empirical , meaning it must be based on observations of nature , and it must be potentially falsifiable by new observations of nature .
This article makes some valid points but does n't adequately emphasize science 's empirical requirement .
I 'm leaving this article on my website as a historical artifact , not as a reflection of my current views .
For a detailed exposition of why , in spite of its great importance to science , math cannot itself be a science , read my more recent article
After much thought , I no longer think math is a science .
Science must be empirical , meaning it must be based on observations of nature , and it must be potentially falsifiable by new observations of nature .
This article makes some valid points but does n't adequately emphasize science 's empirical requirement .
I 'm leaving this article on my website as a historical artifact , not as a reflection of my current views .
For a detailed exposition of why , in spite of its great importance to science , math cannot itself be a science , read my more recent article Scientific Paradigm
This article is meant to be a counterpoint to my article " Is Psychology a Science ? " , an article that has led to a somewhat circular debate about the nature of science , a debate whose fervor increases in inverse proportion to the presence of testable propositions .
During that debate I 've heard from a number of psychologists and others who , in the heat of the moment , have claimed mathematics is n't a science .
Here are two representative quotes : " In passing , I 'll observe that mathematics is not a science either , contrary to your claim ...
Mathematics is a formal logic game , resting on untested ( and untestable ) principles of representation and meaning ( e.g. , the notion of symbol ) , logic and deduction ( e.g. , syllogism ) , definition ( e.g. , set ) . "
" Mathematics is a formal abstraction of quantity and logical deduction .
There is no concept of evidence within it .
Everything is deductive .
Deduction is a fundamentally different kind of knowledge than observation .
You can do it all in your head , with your eyes shut , in a sensory deprivation tank , at least in principle .
There 's no such thing as mathematical hypotheses and experiments . "
Educated readers will quickly see the errors in these positions , but I regularly hear from people who hold views like these ( they are invariably people unfamiliar with mathematics ) .
In this article I address these claims in a way that I hope will prove useful even for those already familiar with the place of mathematics among sciences .
In this article I present mathematical hypotheses , experiments and results , in order to show that these elements of science are present in mathematics , indeed they represent the essence of mathematical reasoning .
The primary handicap while discussing science in psychology is that one is placed in the position of trying to demonstrate the absence of something , a tenuous debating position .
By contrast , in this article I am able to show the presence in mathematics of all key elements of science , e.g. theory , evidence , and falsifiability .
Science Defined
Before we test the connection between mathematics and science , we should define science .
We might otherwise make a plausible claim based on an implausible premise .
The essentials of science are : Evidence gathered in experiments and observations .
Theories about the evidence , theories that move from the particular to the general .
The requirement that contradicting evidence falsify a theory .
I placed these elements in a readable order , but the third element is by far the most important — the so - called " falsifiability criterion " is what sets science apart from superstition .
Also , elements ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) are interchangeable — one might shape a theory before evidence ( as in relativity ) , or gather evidence in advance of a theory ( quantum mechanics ) , but however one arranges ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , they must lead to ( 3 ) : falsifiability .
This does n't mean scientific theories are legitimized by being falsified , it means they are perpetually subject to falsification by evidence .
That is the unadorned kernel of science .
But people sometimes confuse these core issues with less important points like where and how one gathers evidence .
However it is gathered , evidence must be unambiguous and repeatable , and it must be objective ( two impartial observers must come to the same conclusion ) .
As it turns out , science does n't require that evidence come from nature .
If I invent an imaginary world with clearly expressed , consistent rules , I can use the rules to gather meaningful evidence about that imaginary world and I can shape a falsifiable theory based on observation .
The result is scientific because the evidence looks the same to all observers , and because the derived theories can be falsified using evidence .
Astute readers will see that this is more than a hypothetical argument — some mathematical systems represent just such an imaginary , detailed , internally consistent world amenable to scientific study .
People sometimes create an imaginary world and falsely claim it represents nature , but that is a separate issue .
There are various reliable ways to establish whether a mathematical model has a corollary in nature .
Varieties of Mathematics
If we look on mathematics as an imaginary world with no connection to reality , we can still do science .
Let 's call that " Platonic mathematics . "
If instead we claim that mathematics is nature 's language , then we can explore nature through mathematics , and again , it 's legitimate science .
Let 's call that " natural mathematics . "
I propose these definitions : Platonic mathematics the kind of mathematics having no essential connection with the physical world .
I say " essential connection " because links between nature and esoteric mathematical notions spring up in unexpected places , like the surprising connection between locusts and prime numbers .
Natural mathematics the kind of mathematics arising from the uncanny efficiency with which mathematics describes nature .
In this article we will explore science derived from both Platonic and natural mathematics .
The Platonic Playground
At first glance Platonic mathematics appears to represent a challenge to the conventional understanding of science .
In the common view , one tests theories against nature — but nature is just one source of experimental evidence , it 's not the only one .
Any internally consistent system can serve as a source of theories and experimental evidence .
This argument can be turned on its head — there is a longstanding belief about nature that it will turn out to be based on a handful of easily expressed rules , and the only reason we do n't know those rules is because we have n't thought about them hard enough .
It turns out that our expectations about nature have a lot in common with our expectations about mathematics — simple , easily expressed theories tend to prevail over complex ones .
It is important to understand that this precept ( popularly known as " Occam 's Razor " ) is vindicated repeatedly in the history of science — as time passes , more and more of nature is described using fewer , simpler rules .
My point is that we expect to be able to craft a realistic theory about nature that is expressible in a few algorithms or equations , but that can reliably produce something very complex in nature .
It is only a small conceptual step from there to the notion of an internally consistent , testable system that is not intended to represent nature , but that can be explored just as though it did .
Now let 's express a hypothesis about a system disconnected from nature , then gather evidence from the system .
My intent is to show that all essential scientific criteria can be met by a purely mathematical idea .
Euler 's Prime Generator Function
Let 's say I make the claim that this function — f( x ) = x2 + x + 41 ( from Euler ) — if provided with natural numbers as arguments , will produce only prime numbers ( numbers divisible only by themselves and one ) as results .
This claim has all the properties required for science — it poses a theory testable using evidence , and if the evidence contradicts it , the theory is falsified .
And it even possesses a diligence factor — if the experiment is n't conducted with sufficient zeal , it may produce an unreliable result .
As it turns out , this remarkable function will generate a prime result for each argument in the range 0 <= x <= 39 , but at x = 40 it fails .
Back in the days of hand computation , several days might be required to generate and test the results .
This problem also has what I call a " coffee break " property — we might start at zero , struggle up to 39 and then ... coffee break !
Euler 's prime generator makes a statement about pure mathematics , not nature , yet it is testable and falsifiable in a scientific way .
The Monty Hall Problem Monty Hall
This is a problem that only appears to be connected to nature — it is actually an example of Platonic mathematics .
The fact that it involves a game show host ( Monty Hall ) , a contestant and a set of doors hiding a prize is coincidental — the game - show setting is just a convenient way to state a problem from the realm of pure mathematics .
In the game , you 've chosen one of three doors , behind which you hope is a nice car , but if you 've chosen badly , you get a goat .
Monty
Hall then teases you by opening one of the two unselected doors and revealing a goat ( he always chooses a losing door ) , and he offers you the option of switching doors .
Is there an advantage in changing doors ?
At first glance , there does n't seem to be an advantage in switching — the prize 's placement is random and the two unopened doors are equally likely to contain the prize .
But counterintuitively , if you do not take Monty Hall 's offer , your overall chance of winning is 1/3 , but by switching doors your chance to win rises to 2/3 — you double your chances !
This counterintuitive outcome is called a " veridical paradox " — not a classic paradox , but a result that defies intuition .
This problem originally appeared in Parade magazine in a column written by Marilyn Vos Savant , a woman reputed to have a very high I.Q. .
After publication about 10,000 readers , including many academics , wrote to object that the published result was wrong .
One issue was the ambiguous wording of the original problem statement — it did n't make clear that Monty always opened a door , the door he chose never contained the prize , and Monty always offered the option to switch .
Most of these 10,000 correspondents objected without first thinking the problem through , while others thought it through and came to a mistaken conclusion .
What is astonishing is that , before voicing their objection , each of these correspondents could ( in principle ) have written a computer model of the system and discovered their error .
Such a model is included with this article , in the Resources section .
( The irony is that most people do n't see the correct answer to this problem , but a computer , being perfectly stupid and literal , sees it right away . )
Again , this is a Platonic math problem that only coincidentally has a real - world expression .
Notwithstanding its distance from nature , it makes an unambiguous claim and is subject to falsification through experiment , therefore it is scientific .
Contrary to the position taken by the second of my correspondents above , it is testable and formally inductive — it is a general statement about a class of similar problems .
Mathematical Proof
Let 's move away from examples of laborious , sometimes inelegant experiments into a more powerful property of mathematics : the possibility of formal proof .
In everyday earthly science , because of the eternal possibility of new evidence contradicting old , a theory can only be proven false , never true .
Some theories come to be regarded as very likely , but none of them is ever pronounced " true , " at least not in science .
Mathematical proof stands as an exception to this rule .
In Platonic mathematics , because of its separation from nature , it 's possible to construct an argument that has the widest possible generality — it applies to the entire set it makes a statement about .
For example , a suitably constructed assertion about particular numbers might apply to all numbers :
A natural or counting number is a non-negative integer , a member of the set { 0,1,2,3 , ...} .
A prime number is a natural number divisible only by itself and 1 .
A composite number is a non-prime natural number that is composed of primes ( 65535 = 3 * 5 * 17 * 257 ) .
All natural numbers greater than 1 are either themselves prime , or are composed of primes ( this is called the fundamental theorem of arithmetic ) .
This is a mere statement , not a proof , but for our purposes it may stand in for one or more proofs .
A proof in mathematics has no corollary in the ordinary sciences , because theories about nature are held hostage by nature and by the prospect of new evidence .
But mathematics and the other sciences have a great deal in common , for example all have the property of falsifiability .
I might assert that all primes are odd numbers , but this is easily falsified by 2 , the only even prime .
There is only one even prime , but one is not none and my claim is therefore falsified .
( Also consider that without 2 in the set of primes there would be no even composites . )
I have only touched the subject of mathematical proof without elaboration , but it 's important to understand this distinction between mathematics and the other sciences — in mathematics , you can construct a true or false statement , while in other sciences you can only construct statements that are either probably true or definitely false .
The Four - Color Map Problem Mapmakers have long thought that four colors are all that is necessary to color a map so that no adjacent map regions share the same color , but this idea was n't actually tested until the computer era .
The reason is the problem is n't easily resolved by formal mathematical proof , instead it might in principle be attacked by simply testing each possible case .
In 1976 this principle was reduced to practice by Kenneth Appel and Wolfgang Haken at the University of Illinois , who constructed an elaborate computer program meant to test each case ( in a set of 1,476 possible configurations ) .
Many workers in the field of topology dislike this proof because of its complexity and inelegance , but it seems to be correct .
More to the point of this article , this is an example of a finite - domain theory being confirmed by experiment , where both theory and evidence live in the Platonic domain .
Fermat 's Last Theorem
This is actually a very old theorem ( strictly speaking , before proof it was a conjecture ) , known to the ancient Greeks ( appearing in a textbook by Diophantus ) .
It goes like this :
For numbers n greater than 2 , the equation : an + bn = cn has no solutions in nonzero integers a , b and c .
By writing a perplexing note in the margin of a textbook , Pierre de Fermat made this theorem his own .
Here is Fermat 's note ( translated from the Latin ) : " It is impossible to separate a cube into two cubes , or a fourth power into two fourth powers , or in general , any power higher than the second into two like powers .
I have discovered a truly marvellous proof of this , which this margin is too narrow to contain . "
Fermat 's Last Theorem has a storied history .
Because of its simple statement coupled with the difficulty of solution , it has probably created more false proofs than any other mathematical idea .
According to a story , the Theorem attracted so many amateur mathematicians and useless correspondence that a university created a form letter for replies , saying :
Thank you for your submission of a proof of Fermat 's Last Theorem .
The first error in the proof can be found on line ____ of page ____.
Sincerely ,
In early attempts to prove this theorem , many workers attacked it piecemeal ( reminiscent of the four - color map theorem ) , proving it for specific exponents or ranges of exponents , but without attempting to construct a general proof .
Finally , in 1993 Andrew Wiles solved the problem with an unconventional approach involving elliptic curves .
After a few corrections , his result has come to be regarded as a formal proof of the Theorem .
In this case as with the others , a conjecture is made ( equivalent to a hypothesis in normal science ) , evidence is gathered and tested , and a solution is produced that must survive the most detailed scrutiny .
Unlike normal science , a formal mathematical proof answers a conjecture in a conclusive way , without the possibility of later refutation , although in some cases a more elegant , shorter proof may supersede an earlier approach on aesthetic grounds .
The Mathematics of Nature
We now turn to what many scientists regard as the language of nature , the sort of mathematics we use to describe the natural world .
Nobel Prizewinner Richard Feynman had this to say about mathematics :
To those who do not know mathematics it is difficult to get across a real feeling as to the beauty , the deepest beauty , of nature ...
If you want to learn about nature , to appreciate nature , it is necessary to understand the language that she speaks in .
As we learn more about nature , it becomes increasingly apparent that an accurate statement about nature is necessarily mathematical .
Anything else is an approximation .
A Plague of Prime Numbers Physicist Eugene Wigner once wrote an article named " The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Mathematics in the Natural Sciences " in which he makes some of the same points I am making here .
In his article Wigner says " ... mathematical concepts turn up in entirely unexpected connections . "
This is an example of such an unexpected connection .
It is well - established that plagues of locusts ( actually cicadas ) historically reappear in huge swarms on either 13 - year or 17 - year cycles .
This has been known for centuries , but until recently no one understood the reason — it was thought to be a simple coincidence .
But the numbers 13 and 17 have something in common — they are both prime numbers .
Is this a coincidence , or does this reappearance interval confer a survival advantage ?
Let 's think about this :
The cicadas who survive do so by evolving toward an optimal survival strategy .
One strategy would be for a lot of cicadas to appear at once , so the predators are overwhelmed by their sheer numbers .
Another strategy would be to appear during years when there are fewer predators to attack them .
The third strategy is easier said than done , considering all the species of birds , lizards and other creatures poised to eat the cicadas .
Maybe there is a strategy that minimizes predator risk no matter who the predators are or what strategy they adopt .
Is that even possible ?
Well , as it turns out , yes , there is a strategy .
To understand it we need to know something about numbers and their possible divisors .
Let 's say that b represents the reproductive cycle of some predator in years , and a represents the reproductive cycle of the cicada .
It turns out that if b evenly divides a , then predator b is likely to appear in synchrony with the cicadas and perhaps eat them .
For example , if the cicadas reappear at 12 - year intervals , then any predators that reproduce on 2,3,4 and 6 - year cycles will have a good chance to eat some cicadas ( notice that 12 is evenly divisible by 2,3,4 and 6 ) , so on that basis a 12 - year reproductive cycle would seem to be a particularly bad choice .
Another helpful strategy is to stay in hiding for a long time between appearances , to minimize the chance of being attacked .
This strategy must be balanced against the slow pace of reproduction created by spending a lot of time in hiding .
A fast reproduction cycle exposes the cicada to too many attackers too often , but a slow reproductive cycle might allow the cicada to be outcompeted by creatures willing to take more risks .
And a very important point .
Evolution is not a plan , it is an algorithm .
Cicadas that happen to have a bad strategy simply die , and those that happen by chance to have a better strategy reproduce in greater numbers .
There is no grand plan , instead there are a lot of creatures eating each other in a big , open - air experiment .
Cicadas that survive might randomly change their strategy and gradually move toward an even better strategy over time , but on the basis of random mutations , not choices .
So we have a survival strategy with two parts :
Choose a reproductive cycle time that balances risk with opportunity .
A short cycle risks encountering too many predators .
A long cycle means the cicadas will be outcompeted by creatures willing to take more risks .
Choose a specific reproductive cycle that minimizes the risk of falling into synchrony with any predator 's reproductive cycle .
This means choosing a cycle time that has as few divisors as possible .
What kind of number has few divisors ?
Well , prime numbers have no divisors except themselves and 1 , so they 're an obvious choice .
Interestingly , among reasonable year numbers , we just showed that 12 is a bad choice , but its immediate neighbors 11 and 13 are prime numbers , therefore good choices .
The next prime after 13 ( 17 ) is a good choice as well , and perhaps optimal .
These numbers minimize the risk of falling into synchrony with the reproductive cycles of various predators .
Figure 1
Is n't a conversation like this just contentless hypothesizing , with no possibility for acquiring evidence ?
Well , no , in fact one can easily write a computer model that compares various survival strategies and test these ideas .
I know because I did just that , and the model 's result is shown as Figure 1 on this page .
( The model itself is in the Resources section of this article . )
In my model I generated a large number of different reproductive cycles for cicadas and predators and compared them .
Whenever predators and cicadas appeared at the same time , I let the predators eat the cicadas .
The remainder of the time I allowed normal population increases .
And I penalized overly long reproductive cycles , just as nature does .
My very simple computer model shows a clear advantage for reproductive cycles that are prime numbers — notice in Figure 1 that the numbers 7,11,13,17,19 and 23 ( all primes ) have more surviving cicadas than other numbers .
Also notice that the number 12 , nestled between two primes , shows a particularly bleak cicada survival rate , for the reason that 12 has a lot of divisors ( e.g. encounters with predators ) .
It 's important to understand that my simple computer model does n't know anything about prime numbers , and neither do cicadas .
All the model does is allow a cicada feast any time predators and cicadas appear at the same time .
Using that simple rule , the model rewards reproductive cycles based on primes because that strategy favors the cicadas — just as in nature .
One additional note .
In nature , cicadas are n't really free to choose any prime number as in my model , because to survive they need to appear in a huge swarm , also they need to meet others of their own kind in order to reproduce .
So unlike this simulation , the seven real - world cicada species have evolved just two behaviors — 13 - year ( southern U.S. ) and 17 - year ( northern U.S. ) reproductive cycles .
This experimental result leads to several important conclusions :
A theory about evolution in cicadas , that claims an advantage for a prime - number reproductive cycle , can be tested by writing a simple computer model .
Even though the model and the theory behind it live in an abstract mathematical domain , they tell us something about nature .
This example shows a classic scientific event sequence : Hypothesis Experimental design Experiment Analysis Conclusion
Because this purely mathematical idea can be tested and is subject to falsification , it meets the definition of a scientific theory .
This example shows the degree to which natural phenomena only make sense to someone who understands mathematics .
It seems Richard Feynman was right — nature speaks to us in mathematics .
Dirac 's Equation
When mathematical physicist Paul Dirac was asked what he believed , without hesitation he replied that the laws of nature should be expressed in beautiful equations .
This is a story of one of the more beautiful convergences of mathematics and nature , one that vindicated Dirac 's belief and won him a unique place in the history of both physics and mathematics .
To put this in perspective , I need to describe the quantum world .
Physics at a large scale is made up of continuous quantities — you can measure a meter , or a millimeter , or a micrometer , and all these measurements have meaning and can be added up .
But at a very small scale , the universe acts differently .
To give a sense of this microscopic world , let 's use this thought experiment :
Let 's say that individual atoms are coins that can only have two states — " heads " or " tails . "
Let 's say further that an atom that is " heads " has a value of one and " tails " has a value of zero .
Nature flips the atoms in a completely unbiased way , so a large collection of atoms has an average value very likely to be near 1/2 .
Even though a large collection of atoms should have an average value near 1/2 , a small , random probability exists for values other than 1/2 , which means quantum effects can sometimes influence the macroscopic world .
Nature randomly flips the atoms , at times and places of her own choosing , and we cannot discover which atoms nature has flipped until we examine them .
At a large scale , we can rely on an object being the same from moment to moment , but as we magnify the picture , we eventually get to a scale at which matter is n't continuous , but is broken up into little packets of matter and energy — " quanta " — whose state depends on rules of probability .
I emphasize that this thought experiment is greatly simplified and is meant only to give a sense of the quantum world .
Because of the discontinuous nature of quantum theory , it seems the large - scale ( macroscopic ) and quantum worlds operate on different principles — I can have a kilogram of uranium , or a gram , or a tiny mote , but I will eventually get to a point at which I can't measure the uranium on a continuous scale , and more important , I can't be sure the uranium will behave according to classical rules — at a random time it might turn into something else , like lead .
The physicists who studied the quantum world created a new theory to describe reality at this scale .
Quantum theory is based on probability and is discontinuous at small scales of space , time , mass and energy .
In spite of the built - in uncertainties , the quantum theory is very successful at predicting certain aspects of the world around us , and most of modern technology derives from our understanding of quantum theory .
Because of quantum theory we now have two kinds of physical theories — those that work at a large scale , and those that work at the scale of individual atoms .
Unfortunately for physics , these theories are incompatible — the very successful theory of relativity is n't expressible in quantum terms , and vice versa .
When you read about the search for a " unified " physical theory , this is the reason — our present theories conflict with each other , and we are now seeking a more complete theory to resolve the conflicts .
Paul Dirac
Even though we do n't have a unified theory that works at all scales , physicists have discovered elements of such a theory .
One of these elements is an equation written by Paul Dirac in 1928 .
Dirac 's equation successfully predicts the behavior of particles moving at relativistic velocities , so to some degree it reconciles the relativistic and quantum views of reality .
In 1933 Dirac won a Nobel Prize for his work , and while delivering his acceptance speech he revealed an interesting side effect of his equation .
To put Dirac 's revelation in its simplest terms , let 's use this equation : ( 1 ) If we solve equation ( 1 ) for x , we get : ( 2 ) What does " ± " mean ?
In mathematics it means there are two solutions to the equation , one positive and one negative .
This follows from the fact that : ( 3 ) To say this another way , when we square a variable we throw away the sign of the original value , and if we rewrite the equation , we must remember to acknowledge the two possible signs ( or roots ) .
While writing his equation Dirac realized it had two possible roots .
At that point , Dirac could have decided his equation was only an approximation of reality ( there are plenty of those ) , or he could claim his equation accurately described nature , therefore nature allowed two different kinds of matter , with positive and negative signs .
Dirac decided his equation described nature .
Was n't this arrogant behavior ?
Is n't it more likely that an equation is just a weak imitation of nature and likely to include absurd possibilities ?
Yes , that sometimes happens , but the history of science teaches us that , overall , equations tend to reflect nature in direct proportion to their beauty and simplicity .
Dirac realized he could rewrite his equation to eliminate the negative root , but that equation would have been complex and unattractive , solely to eliminate the strange possibility that nature allowed two kinds of matter .
Acting primarily on instinct , Dirac decided his equation accurately reflected nature , and he described the possibility of something he called " antimatter . "
Dirac 's antimatter idea was first regarded as a weak hypothesis or an alternate universe that could not coexist with this one ( since matter and antimatter do n't get along very well ) .
But within a few years antimatter had been observed .
In 1932 Carl Anderson , a young physicist at the California Institute of Technology , was observing cosmic rays pass through a cloud chamber .
To his astonishment he observed the passage of " something positively charged , and with the same mass as an electron . "
Unsure of his conclusion he continued observing until he had enough data to be certain — he had discovered a particle like an electron , but with a positive charge ( normal electrons have a negative charge ) .
The particle , now called a " positron , " was the first experimental confirmation of Dirac 's antimatter — his instincts had served him well .
Conclusion
Let me ask a question .
Did Dirac invent his equation , or did he discover it ?
If we claim he invented it , because nature subsequently obeyed Dirac 's equation and in ways no one could have expected , this must make Dirac God .
But Dirac is n't God , therefore he discovered his equation .
If Dirac discovered his equation , where did he find it ?
He found it in nature .
For the entire history of the universe , Dirac 's equation lay as an undiscovered treasure in the bosom of nature , until Dirac happened upon it .
Conclusion ?
Nature is innately mathematical , and she speaks to us in mathematics .
We only have to listen .
Because nature is mathematical , any science that intends to describe nature is completely dependent on mathematics .
It is impossible to overemphasize this point , and it is why Carl Friedrich Gauss called mathematics " the queen of the sciences . "
I decided to write this article after debating psychologists about the low scientific standing of their field .
During these conversations it became apparent that many psychologists do n't understand or have any use for mathematics and may not even recognize it as science .
In a field like psychology , one that believes itself to be scientific , this level of ignorance represents a profound and crippling disconnect , and for individual psychologists to try to explain why mathematics is n't scientific can only reveal an astonishing degree of narcissism and arrogance .
This degree of mathematical ignorance , which in my experience is typical of clinical psychologists , eloquently answers the question raised by my article " Is Psychology a Science ? . "
I found that the psychologists who felt justified in questioning the scientific standing of mathematics were in fact incompetent either to describe or explain it , and in my view they would have been better off learning the topic before expounding on it .
As to the reverse case , after debating psychologists for several years , I think I can describe them in some limited ways , but I have no chance of explaining them .
A closing thought .
Please submit this article — I think it deserves to be widely read .
Resources
First , please click this link for a rather funny cartoon on this article 's topic .
Randall Munroe is a pretty funny guy , but what sets him apart is that his cartoons provoke thought .
Next , I wrote a number of computer programs in support of the research that led to this article .
This section provides the programs and describes their use .
They are all written in Ruby ( easily rewritten in other languages ) , and some of them assume a Linux platform for particular behaviors or results ( but none of them require a Linux platform ) .
To use these programs , download them , remove the " .txt " suffix , and make them executable .
Euler 's Prime Function
This Ruby program tests Euler 's Prime Function .
For tutorial reasons it is written as though the outcome is not certain , then proclaims " Hypothesis falsified " at the end of its run .
Note the inefficient prime testing function — in a faster , more efficient program of this kind , one would write a Sieve of Eratosthenes .
The Monty Hall Problem
This Ruby program compares the two cases of the Monty Hall Problem ( the cases where the contestant does n't , and does , switch doors ) .
The output will look something like this ( it differs from run to run because pseudorandom numbers are used ) : Monty Hall Problem : Switching doors : win probability 0.66723
Not switching doors : win probability 0.33286
The discrepancy between these results and the canonical probability results of 2/3 and 1/3 respectively , is due to finite floating - point resolution and limited sample size .
A Plague of Prime Numbers
This Ruby program models the environmental interaction between cicadas and predators .
It is a simple model that leaves out a number of real - world factors that are difficult to simulate but that do n't affect the broad result .
In development I tested an exponential growth strategy , but this created unrealistic results in which the sole outcome was a single prime number period , unlike what is seen in nature .
Because real environments have limited exploitable resources , a model that adds and subtracts members turns out to be more realistic than one in which the population is multiplied by a growth rate factor on each round .
This model also penalizes long reproductive cycle rates , assuming that the longer the cicadas lie dormant , the more likely they will fall prey to drought , flood , fire , and predators willing to dig them up , or be outcompeted by faster - reproducing species .
The program creates a simple text histogram for testing purposes , and it also creates a nice - looking plot of its results ( seen in the main body of this article ) if your system happens to have " gnuplot " installed .
Feedback
Posted by John , November 3rd , 2009 - under Obama , United States , US foreign policy , US imperialism , US politics .
Tags : America , American imperialism , Barack Obama , Bush , George W Bush
It is now 12 months since Barack Obama won the US Presidential election and created real hope for fundamental change around the world .
A frank assessment of his results to date would suggest that rather than representing a fundamental break with the policies of George W Bush , he represents their continuity .
That is true certainly of foreign policy , where Obama ’s actions in Iraq , Afghanistan and the Middle East look remarkably similar to George W Bush ’s in their fundamentals .
The US under Obama continues its long and bloody interventionist strategy with , as Howard Zinn commented recently , over 100 bases around the world .
It was Harold in a video recently who drew the connection for me that the wars overseas are a mirror of the war at home when he was asked what Obama should do differently .
Bring the troops home – not just from Iraq and Afghanistan but from every one of the countries the US has bases in , Zinn said .
That would save trillions which could then be used to make health care absolutely free for every American .
Of course Obama wo n’t do that because his priorities are not the American people but the profits of American corporations .
The two are not synonymous ; they are counterposed .
Obama used the idea of change to win power to stabilise the status quo and rescue it from the disaster that was Bush .
That disaster is clearest , to someone like me far removed from the US , in foreign policy with failed invasions in Iraq and Afghanistan and now , using the Pakistan Army as a proxy , spreading the failure to that country .
Hilary Clinton has ripped off the mask of ‘ even handedness ’ in the Middle East by supporting the Israelis building new settlements .
This slow Israeli genocide of the Palestinians may produce an explosion of resistance , perhaps in another Intifada .
The Intifada is an expression of the hopelessness of a beaten people who see no future as Israel continues its slow strangulation of Palestine .
While the uprisings have been a symbol of hope to all around the world – much like the inspiration we can draw from the Warsaw Ghetto in its resistance against overwhelming odds and the victory of the liberation forces against apartheid – that strategy alone cannot alone defeat the might of Israel , a might built almost exclusively on the labour of American workers and the expropriation of their surplus value by the American bourgeoisie and its state .
Obama now runs that state and since Israel is the armed wing of US imperialism in the region it is no surprise that his administration has sided with the Israelis in their efforts to eradicate the Palestinians over time .
Obama is the commander in chief of terror .
That role , as the military protector of the US profit machine , mandates he rule with bloody might and power .
He has already killed hundreds of innocent people in Pakistan and Afghanistan with his drones and as the population of the occupied countries and Pakistan fight back against the US and its puppets , the numbers Obama murders will increase .
Domestically Obama has not addressed and cannot address unemployment within the narrow strictures the profit system imposes .
His trillions to Wall Street have temporarily restored the swill from which they feed , but that has n’t created one extra job in downturn America .
And despite the historical significance of a black American winning the Presidency , minority groups have disproportionately borne the economic burden of the Global Financial crisis .
Obama will not shake the foundations of the system but rather prettify its front gate .
That provides no protection for jobs , for wages , for health care or for education .
It does n’t challenge racism , or homophobia or women ’s oppression .
It does n’t address climate change .
Obama mobilised millions to get elected .
Once ensconced in the White House , he has de-mobilised his supporters because they might threaten the structures of power which he now manages .
There ’s a famous ditty about the Duke of York that comes to mind .
Oh , the noble Duke of York .
He had ten thousand men .
He marched them up
to the top of the hill .
And he marched
them down again
Obama ’s supporters became foot soldiers not in a campaign of change but of electoral dilettantism .
Now they are back at the bottom of the hill Duke Obama ’s troops are dazed , confused and tired .
The right in America is on the offensive .
One word from the President could see his supporters on the streets in their millions , and even more importantly , taking action in their workplaces , to defend jobs , demand green jobs , win better wages and conditions and force through a real free health care system for all .
But Obama wo n’t do that because his role is to control the masses for the bourgeoisie , not inflame and excite them .
The task is now to build a mass movement from the grassroots up to challenge Obama and his cronies of capital .
Obama is playing the bosses ’ game , not that of ordinary Americans .
Workers in the US have elected a charismatic George W Bush .
Readers might also like to look at some early pieces I wrote when Obama was elected and then two months later sworn in .
They include All change at Obama station ?
and Barack Obama is not Jesus Christ .
Mr. S. and Mr. P. October 23 , 2009
John McCarthy , who discovered Lisp , attributes this puzzle to Hans Freudenthal :
We pick two numbers a and b , so that 99 ≥ a ≥ b ≥ 2 .
We tell Mr. P. the product a × b and Mr. S. the sum a + b.
Then Mr. S. and Mr. P. engage in the following dialog : Mr. P. : I do n’t know the numbers .
Mr. S. : I knew you did n’t know .
I do n’t know either .
Mr. P. : Now I know the numbers .
Mr. S. : Now I know them too .
Find the numbers a and b .
Your task is to find the two numbers .
When you are finished , you are welcome to read or run a suggested solution , or to post your solution or discuss the exercise in the comments below .
CALNRA : LETTERS TO THE LEGISLATURE SUPPORTING AB373 ( Updated : Online petition ! )
As you might have heard NRA - ILA CA State Liaison Ed Worley say on NRANEWS.com , we are planning to deliver a huge number of support letters to the Capitol during the Legislative Hearings on AB373 in January 2010 .
We can't do this alone .
We need everyone to get together and help us gather the volume necessary to be heard .
And we want our message to be so " loud " that EVERYONE hears it .
Please download the letter at this link :
EDIT / UPDATE : Mike Haas was up all night creating an online petition version of the AB373 support letter .
Go to
Forward this message to every list of gun owners that you have .
Send it to everyone !
I would like to have tens - of - thousands of these letters to drop on the Capitol during the first hearing !
Please help us continue to fight for our Second Amendment freedoms here in the Golden State .
BTW , for those of you looking for the exact text of AB373 , the language has not been returned by the legislature yet .
We will post the actual text of AB373 when it officially exists .
Currently , we are out - in - front of everything on this and that is where I want to stay .
Paul Almost everyone now knows that the NRA is currently engaged in an effort to repeal the ammunition buyer registration scheme ( AB962 ) , that Governor Schwarzenegger signed into law , by passing AB373 next year .
As you might have heard NRA - ILA CA State Liaison Ed Worley say on NRANEWS.com , we are planning to deliver a huge number of support letters to the Capitol during the Legislative Hearings on AB373 in January 2010 .
We can't do this alone .
We need everyone to get together and help us gather the volume necessary to be heard .
And we want our message to be so " loud " that EVERYONE hears it .
Please download the letter at this link : http://www.calnra.com/doc/supportab373.pdf and print as many copies as you wish .
Circulate these letters and send them back to me as soon as possible .
Distribute them at gun clubs , Members ' Councils , gun shows , gun stores , and anywhere else you can think of .
Mike Haas was up all night creating an online petition version of the AB373 support letter .
Go to http://www.calnra.com/petition/ to sign the letter of support online .
Forward this message to every list of gun owners that you have .
Send it to everyone !
I would like to have tens - of - thousands of these letters to drop on the Capitol during the first hearing !
Please help us continue to fight for our Second Amendment freedoms here in the Golden State .
BTW , for those of you looking for the exact text of AB373 , the language has not been returned by the legislature yet .
We will post the actual text of AB373 when it officially exists .
Currently , we are out - in - front of everything on this and that is where I want to stay .
Paul
Fighting for the restoration and preservation of the Second Amendment , right here in California since 1989 !
H. Paul Payne
NRA Liaison to the Executive Vice President
NRA Members ' Councils Program Administrator
( 951 ) 683-4NRA Office nrausmc@earthlink.net Email
http://www.calnra.com
California NRA Web Site ----- CLICK HERE to Join NRA 's California Team of Volunteers
Proud to be an NRA Benefactor Member __________________
Last edited by H Paul Payne ; 10-15-2009 at 9:44 AM
.. Reason : new information
Warning : mysqli_query ( ) : ( HY000 /1030 ) : Got error 28 from storage engine in /home / sportsun/ public_html/wp-includes/wp-db.php on line 1942
Kobe Bryant scored 40 points for the 100th time in his career — with a groin injury —
Tuesday night in the LA Lakers 106-93 victory over the Detroit Pistons , prompting me to come up with a list of 100 reasons ( one for every game , obviously ) why he ’s so awesome .
Just kidding .
Who has time ( or wants ) to sit around and come up with 100 different reasons why Kobe Bryant is good at basketball ?
Let ’s go with 10 of them for now in Chuck Norris Facts fashion .
Feel free to add your own ridiculous lies to the list .
10 . Kobe Bryant does n’t say “ who ’s your daddy ” because he knows the answer .
9. Kobe Bryant can set ants on fire with a magnifying glass .
At night .
8. Kobe Bryant can touch MC Hammer .
7. Kobe Bryant does n’t read play books .
He stares them down until he gets the information he wants .
6. Kobe Bryant can blow bubbles with beef jerky .
5. Kobe Bryant does n’t daydream .
He ’s too busy giving other players nightmares .
4. Kobe Bryant knows every word to every Elton John song ever written and he ’ll sing them all to your wife , who will immediately leave you .
3. Kobe Bryant can sneeze with his eyes wide open and will dribble all over your face if you do n’t say “ bless you . ”
2. Kobe Bryant once drank an entire gallon of whole milk in 30 seconds .
1 . In a one - on - one game between Michael Jordan and Dr. J , the winner would be Kobe Bryant .
In case you doubt the badassery of chugging a gallon of milk in 30 seconds , try it at home .
If you hate milk and / or are too much of a sissypants , check out this tough guy who barfed after like 50 seconds and did n’t even finish it .
Plus , I ’m pretty sure he totally cheated , what with all the cut scenes ( a.k. a puke breaks . )
Once upon a time a boy went to business school .
The boy was not sure he wanted to go into business , because what he most loved was writing stories about aliens and monsters and girls who did not love him back .
But he knew he could not hope to earn a living from such stories , so business school it was .
The boy learned many interesting things , until he began to think perhaps business was for him after all .
One day , he attended a class in which students were divided into groups and asked by the lecturer to solve the following puzzle :
“ A man buys a horse for $ 400 .
He feeds it , trains it , and sells it to a racetrack manager for $ 500 .
However , soon he regrets his decision , and asks the racetrack manager if he can have the horse back .
The racetrack manager , being a good capitalist , asks for $ 700 .
The man objects , seeing no reason why the horse should be worth so much more than the day before , but eventually he relents and accepts the loss .
Some years later , he finally sells the horse to neighbor for $ 800 .
Question :
What is his total profit or loss ? ”
The boy ’s group began to discuss this puzzle .
The boy thought the solution was fairly obvious : the man bought and sold the horse twice , making $ 100 profit each time .
However , his teammates were seduced by the puzzle ’s suggestion of a loss , and insisted this be accounted for .
They thought the man broke even .
The boy tried to explain his reasoning a different way .
He added up the man ’s outlays and revenues , showing the difference was $ 200 .
The group agreed , but insisted this was then canceled out by the loss .
The boy tried again .
“ Imagine it ’s not the same horse , ” he said .
“ The man buys and sells one horse , then buys and sells a second horse . ”
The debate became heated .
There was no second horse , the group insisted .
There was one horse , and the man broke even .
After a few minutes , the lecturer halted the exercise and asked each group for its verdict .
Only unanimous decisions would be accepted .
Every other group in the class declared their belief that the man broke even .
The boy ’s group hissed at him to bow to the majority opinion , but he could not bring himself to do it .
They informed the lecturer that they could not agree .
The answer , said the lecturer , was that the man made $ 200 profit .
However , the exercise was not about that .
It was designed to test teamwork .
He had observed most groups working effectively : establishing leadership roles , managing divergent opinion , and finding common ground to reach a shared solution .
The boy ’s team , however , was a textbook example of failure : it had allowed a disruptive element to block them from consensus .
It was then that the boy decided business was probably not for him .
On November 15 , 2009 , former President Clinton stated in Jerusalem : " Two things remain unchanged since 1993 – geography and demographics .
Palestinians have more children than Israelis can have or import . "
Clinton 's intentions are positive .
However , he is mistaken and misleading , while trying to convince Israelis to support a policy ( withdrawal to the 1967 lines ) , which could determine the fate of the Jewish State : Oblivion or survival .
Hawks and doves would concur that public debate is dysfunctional when employing invalid numbers in order to frighten Israel into adopting a potentially - dangerous policy .
Hawks and doves are aware that demographic - fatalism erodes confidence in Israel 's cause and in Israel 's steadfastness .
It minimizes options and produces hasty decisions concerning critical national security issues .
Decisions based on erroneous assumptions yield erroneous policy .
Public debate should distance itself from baseless assumptions and position itself upon well - documented data .
In contrast to Clinton 's statement , Israel 's Jewish demography has been enhanced since 1993 .
A solid and a long - term 67 % Jewish majority , west of the Jordan River ( without Gaza ) is documented by birth , death and migration records of the Palestinian Health and Education Ministry and Election Commission , as well as Israel 's Border Police ( which acts like the American INS ) , the World Bank and the Israeli and Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics .
In 2009 , the Jewish population benefits from a substantial demographic tailwind , which could expand its majority .
And , here are the facts :
According to Israel 's Central Bureau of Statistics , the number of annual Jewish births has increased by 45 % from 1995 ( 80,400 ) to 2008 ( 117,000 ) , in spite the cuts of child allowances – a global rarity .
The number of Arab births within pre-1967 Israel has stabilized , around 39,000 , during the same period .
The Jewish tailwind has persisted during the first eight months of 2009 : 77,797 Jewish births , which amount to over 75 % of total births within pre-1967 Israel , compared with 69 % in 1995 .
The significant decline in Arab fertility rate reflects a significantly improved standard of living , resulting from successful integration into Israel 's infrastructures of health , education , employment , commerce , politics , media , sports , culture and the arts .
The Arab - Jewish fertility gap was reduced from six births per woman in 1969 to 0.7 in 2008 .
The Jewish secular sector – and especially the Olim ( immigrants ) from the USSR – is chiefly responsible for the upward trend of Jewish demography .
The one million Soviet Olim arrived with a typical Russian fertility rate of one birth per woman , but they have adopted the typical secular Jewish fertility rate of 2 - 3 births per woman .
In addition , Israel 's yuppies are switching over from the European rate of 1 - 2 births to 3 - 4 births per woman .
A September 2006 World Bank survey of education in Judea , Samaria and Gaza documented a 32 % distortion of Arab births by the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics .
According to the Bank , the Arab demographic decline resulted from a drop in fertility and a rise in emigration .
The decline in Arab population growth follows a 20 - year surge , which was a result of the post - 1967 access to Israel 's health infrastructure .
The decline has been caused by urbanization ( from a 70 % rural to a 70 % urban population in Judea and Samaria ) , unprecedented expansion of the education system , especially among women , and family planning .
Net-emigration has accelerated the fall of the Arab population growth rate in Judea and Samaria .
From 1950 to 2009 , there have been only six years of net - immigration .
Net-emigration skyrocketed during the 1950 - 1967 Jordanian occupation , slowed down drastically following 1967 , in response to the enhancement of health , education and employment , surged as a result of the 2000 Intifada and shifted to a higher gear in 2006 , due to the rise of Hamas and the Hamas - PLO war .
The Arab fertility rate in Judea and Samaria declined to four births per woman and is trending downward .
According to the UN Population Division , the decline typifies all Muslim countries other than Afghanistan and Yemen .
For example , Jordan ( a " twin- sister " of Judea and Samaria ) has three births per woman , Iran – 1.7 , Egypt – 2.5 , Syria – 3.5 and Algeria – 1.8 births per woman .
The Judea and Samaria Arab population of 1.55 million – and not 2.5 million as claimed by the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics – was documented in December 2008 : a 66 % distortion !
Theodore Herzl ( 1900 ) and David Ben Gurion ( 1947 ) did not subordinate their Zionist vision to the prophets of demographic doom – Simon Dubnov and Prof.
Roberto Bacchi – although Jews were a minority of 8 % and 33 % respectively .
In 2009 , Israel 's leaders should refrain from subordinating the future of the Jewish State to Clinton 's pernicious demographic fatalism .
The Obusha AfPak Money Pit
By Lori Price , www.legitgov.org
Updated : 22 Aug 2011
Unlike the ' public option , ' Congress does n't ask if funding the Taleban to blow up contractors ' bridges will add to the US deficit .
WHY ( besides protecting gas and opium pipelines ) is the US is * still * in Afghanistan ( and Pakistan ) ?
WHY are US taxpayers funding infrastructure programs in * Afghanistan * ( and Pakistan ) instead of in the US ?
If you 're not outraged , you 're not paying attention .
Xe company tapped for Afghan intel work -- Task order is valued at $ 17.6 million -- Xe Services LLC is USTC 's parent company 17 Aug 2011 U.S. Training Center Inc. has been awarded a U.S. Department of Defense task order in support of counter - narcoterrorism activities in Afghanistan .
Under the order , USTC will be responsible for providing all - source intelligence analyst support and material procurement for U.S. and coalition forces in Afghanistan through the Counter - Narcoterrorism Technology Program Office 's TORP 0236 Afghanistan Combined Joint Interagency Task Force NEXUS Support Task Order .
$ 360 M lost to insurgents , criminals in Afghanistan 16 Aug 2011 After examining hundreds of combat support and reconstruction contracts in Afghanistan , the U.S military estimates $ 360 million in U.S. tax dollars has ended up in the hands of people the American - led coalition has spent nearly a decade battling : the Taliban , criminals , and power brokers with ties to both .
More than half the losses flowed through a large transportation contract called Host Nation Trucking , the official said ...
HEB International Logistics of Dubai , a Host Nation Trucking prime contractor , " made payments directly to malign actors , " [ LOL ! ] one of the task force documents reads .
The day ends in 'y , ' so it 's time for another taxpayer - funded blowjob for US contractors , to bribe Pakistan to allow the US to slaughter civilians with CIA killer drones : AP : US to give Pakistan $ 2B in new military aid 22 Oct 2010 The Obama administration is laying out a new multiyear , multibillion - dollar military aid package for Pakistan as it presses the Islamabad government to step up the fight against foment extremists there and in neighbouring Afghanistan , U.S. officials say .
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton and Pakistani Foreign Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi were to unveil the plan Friday at the end of the latest round of high - level U.S. - Pakistani strategic talks here , the officials said .
The money will be provided over the next five years under the State Department 's Foreign Military Financing program that funds other countries ' purchases of U.S. - made arms , ammunition and accessories , the officials said .
Pentagon's $ 300 million air base expansions reflect long - term investment in Afghanistan 23 Aug 2010
Three $ 100 million air base expansions in southern and northern Afghanistan illustrate Pentagon plans to continue building multimillion - dollar facilities in that country to support increased U.S. military operations well into the future .
Despite growing public unhappiness with the Afghan war -- and President Obama 's pledge that he will begin withdrawing troops in July 2011 -- many of the installations being built in Afghanistan have extended time horizons .
None of the three projects in southern and northern Afghanistan is expected to be completed until the latter half of 2011 .
All of them are for use by U.S. forces rather than their Afghan counterparts .
U.S. to Double Mercenary Forces in Iraq After 2011 Military Pullout --' It is unprecedented in scale . '
-- Some veteran Iraq hands suggest that thousands of additional troops will be needed after 2011 .
19 Aug 2010 By October 2011 , the State Department will assume responsibility for training the Iraqi police , a task that will largely be carried out by contractors .
... It will be up to American diplomats in two new $ 100 million outposts to head off potential confrontations between the Iraqi Army and Kurdish Peshmerga forces .
The department ’s plans to rely on 6,000 to 7,000 security contractors , who are also expected to form " quick reaction forces " to rescue civilians in trouble , is a sensitive issue , given Iraqi fury about shootings of civilians by American private guards in recent years ...
The startup cost of building and sustaining two embassy branch offices -- one in Kirkuk and the other in Mosul -- and of hiring security contractors , buying new equipment and setting up two consulates in Basra and Erbil is about $ 1 billion .
It will cost another $ 500 million or so to make the two consulates permanent .
And getting the police training program under way will cost more than $ 800 million .
[ OMG , why no complaints about the * deficit ? *
And , Obama has manifestly out - Bushed Bush !
Impeach these hypocritical lunatics and corporaterrorist trolls NOW !!]
The day ends in 'y , ' so it 's time for another big taxpayer - funded blowjob for US contractors , to bribe Pakistan to allow America to bomb civilians with killer drones in North Waziristan : US to give another $ 1.5 billion to Pakistan for energy , health , counterterrorism projects 18 Jul 2010 Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will begin U.S. - Pakistan talks today with a major aid announcement meant to strengthen an alliance central to the Obama administration 's war ' strategy ' in neighboring Afghanistan ...
By the end of fiscal year 2010 , Pakistan US contractors will have received about $ 6 billion in U.S. development and ' humanitarian ' aid since 2001 , according to a June report by the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service , which serves the U.S. Congress .
The aid includes funds from a 2009 bill passed by the U.S. Congress that allocates $ 1.5 billion a year for five years .
[ Notice the hypocritical GOPers never complain about the deficit when the US funds * other * countries ' health care and road projects ?
That 's because they know the money goes directly to US corporaterrorists , and does not benefit the people .
-- LRP ]
Corruption in Afghanistan - US Cuts Aid After Millions Siphoned Off to Dubai 05 Jul 2010 Billions of dollars are being secreted out of Kabul to help well - connected Afghans buy luxury villas in Dubai .
Amid concerns that the money could be the result of corruption , American politicians have temporarily cut off aid to the Afghan government .
According to some estimates , since 2007 , at least $ 3 billion ( €2.4 billion ) in cash has left the Afghanistan by plane in boxes and suitcases .
The preferred destination for these funds is Dubai , the tax haven in the Persian Gulf .
Corruption Suspected in Airlift of Billions in Cash From Kabul 25 Jun 2010
More than $ 3 billion in cash has been openly flown out of Kabul International Airport in the past three years , a sum so large that U.S. investigators believe top Afghan officials and their associates are sending billions of diverted U.S. aid and logistics dollars and drug money to financial safe havens abroad .
The cash -- packed into suitcases , piled onto pallets and loaded into airplanes -- is declared and legal to move .
Officials believe some of the cash , if not most , is siphoned from Western aid projects and U.S. , European and NATO contracts to provide security , supplies and reconstruction work for coalition forces in Afghanistan .
CIA defends Blackwater contract worth $ 100 m 27 Jun 2010
The head of CIA has defended awarding a large contract to the controversial security company terrorist group formerly known as Blackwater .
The director of the CIA , Leon Penatta , said the company 's bid was US $ 26 m less than its nearest rival .
The contract , worth $ 100 m , is to provide security at US consulates in the cities of Herat and Mazar - e - Sharif .
CIA hires notorious Xe in Afghanistan 24 Jun 2010 A report indicates that the US has hired a notorious private security contractor terrorist group to guard its facilities in Afghanistan and elsewhere despite Washington 's rejection of the claim .
An unnamed source told the Washington Post on Thursday the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) signed a USD 100 million contract with Xe Services , formerly known as Blackwater Worldwide .
" It 's for protective services ... guard services , in multiple regions , " the source said .
CIA gives Blackwater firm new $ 100 million contract By Jeff Stein 23 Jun 2010 The Central Intelligence Agency has hired Xe Services , the private security firm [ terrorist group ] formerly known as Blackwater Worldwide , to guard its facilities in Afghanistan and elsewhere , according to an industry source .
The previously undisclosed CIA contract is worth about $ 100 million , said the industry source , who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss the deal , which is classified .
As CLG has reported for * years , * the PentaPost * finally * observes : U.S. paying millions to insurgents , Taliban and Afghan warlords 22 Jun 2010 The U.S. military is funding a massive protection racket in Afghanistan , indirectly paying tens of millions of dollars to warlords , corrupt public officials and the Taliban to ensure safe passage of its supply convoys throughout the country , according to congressional investigators .
The security arrangements , part of a $ 2.16 billion transport contract , violate laws on the use of private contractors terrorists , as well as Defense Department regulations , and " dramatically undermine " larger U.S. objectives of curtailing corruption and strengthening effective governance in Afghanistan , a report released late Monday said .
The report describes a Defense Department that is well aware that some of the money paid to contractors winds up in the hands of warlords and insurgents .
U.S. Troops , Contractors in Iraq and Afghanistan Suspected of Corruption -- Officers Charged With Theft , Bribery in Oversees Reconstruction Projects 20 Jun 1010 Cases of suspected fraud and other wrongdoing by U.S. troops and contractors overseeing reconstruction and relief projects in Iraq and Afghanistan are up dramatically .
James Burch , the Defense Department 's deputy inspector general for investigations , says his agency is investigating 223 cases -- 18 percent more than a year ago .
Investigators have charged an Army officer with pocketing cash meant to pay Iraqi civilian militiamen , contractors offering an Army officer $ 1 million for the inside track on a road project in Afghanistan , and three contractors for an alleged conspiracy to steal hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of fuel from a U.S. base in Baghdad .
Blackwater Firm Gets $ 120 M U.S. Gov't Contract 18 Jun 2010 CBS
News has learned in an exclusive report that the State Department has awarded a part of what was formerly known as Blackwater Worldwide a contract worth more than $ 120 million for providing security services in Afghanistan .
Private security firm U.S. Training Center , a business unit of the Moyock , N.C. - based Blackwater , now called Xe Services , was awarded the contract Friday , a State Department spokeswoman said Friday night .
Under the contract , U.S. Training Center will provide " protective security services " at the new U.S. consulates in Herat and Mazar - e - Sharif , Afghanistan , the spokeswoman said .
' We 're funding both sides of the war . '
Afghanistan : Security Companies Using American Money to Fund Insurgents , Bribe Taliban -- Official : Millions of dollars ' making their way to the Taliban ' 06 Jun 2010
Although the investigation is not complete , the officials suspect that at least some of these security companies -- many of which have ties to top Afghan officials -- are using American money to bribe the Taliban .
The officials suspect that the security companies may also engage in fake fighting to increase the sense of risk on the roads , and that they may sometimes stage attacks against competitors .
" We ’re funding both sides of the war , " a NATO official in Kabul said ..
Army Plans $ 100 Million Special Ops HQ in Afghanistan By Noah Shachtman 03 Jun 2010
The Army is looking to spend as much as $ 100 million to expand its Special Operations headquarters in northern Afghanistan .
All around Afghanistan , from Kandahar Airfield to the Bagram jail , the U.S. military is on a building spree , spending hundreds of millions of dollars on wartime encampments .
By one count , America and its allies now have 700 bases in Afghanistan .
But most of the construction -- and most of the extra troops " surging " into the country -- are going to the violent south and the dangerous east .
[ That 's so the USociopaths can pay contractors to rebuild that which they had destroyed .
US Senate passes $ 349 million economic stimulus for Pakistan 29 May 2010
The US Senate has passed $ 349 million in economic and security aid for Pakistan , as part of a $ 60 billion war supplemental bill to fund Afghan operations and some other projects requested by the Obama administration .
The summary of the measure , passed on Thursday , said that of the $ 349 million assistance for Pakistan , $ 259 million was for social and economic support programmes and activities , including $ 10 million for the Pakistan Civilian Assistance Programme [ instead of funding such projects in the US ] .
The Obama administration had requested the money in economic , law enforcement , and military assistance for Pakistan .
Pentagon Confirms
It Gave $ 1.4 Billion in No-Bid Fuel Contracts to Mysterious Companies 28 Apr 2010
The Pentagon 's main supply agency has acknowledged awarding $ 1.4 billion in no-bid contracts to two foreign companies whose ownership and management seem extremely mysterious .
The contracts , involving delivery of aviation fuel to U.S. - run air bases in Kyrgyzstan and Afghanistan , are currently under investigation by a subcommittee of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform ...
Kyrgyz opposition leaders who were involved in Bakiyev 's ouster have been quoted in The New York Times as charging that companies controlled by Maksim Bakiyev " skimmed as much as $ 8 million a month from fuel sales to the [ American ] base . "
U.S. military playing expanded role in Pakistan -- Officials : Elite trainers number more than 100 12 Apr 2010 U.S. Special Operations Forces on a ' training ' mission in Pakistan are playing an expanded but largely unseen role in the country 's counterinsurgency campaign , working with paramilitary units to " hold and build " tribal areas as militants are cleared .
A Pentagon proposal would deepen that role by creating a special $ 10 million pool of funds the trainers could spend more quickly on civil affairs and humanitarian projects contractors ' bogus ' rebuilding ' projects in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas in coordination with their Pakistani counterparts .
Pentagon wants $ 33 billion more for war in Afghanistan 25 Mar 2010 The Pentagon wants $ 33 billion in additional funding to pay for the war in Afghanistan this year and train the Afghan military , but members of Congress want to make sure they ’re not writing a blank check .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton appeared before Senate appropriators to defend the war supplemental , which is on top of the $ 708 billion baseline budget submitted to Congress in February .
Most of the war supplemental -- a separate account used to pay for war costs -- will pay for Afghanistan operations .
[ See : Barack Obama : Change We Can Deceive
In -- A critique from the Left By Lori Price 19 Aug 2009 . ]
Pakistan hands over wish list to US -- List includes requests for drones , helicopter gunships , help on energy crisis [? ] , more intelligence cooperation -- Clinton says US will do ‘ everything ’ to address Pak financial challenges 24 Mar 2010 Pakistan has submitted a wish list to Washington ahead of strategic talks scheduled to start today , asking for pilot - less drones and helicopter gunships as well as economic and other aid , US and Pakistani officials said on Tuesday .
The 56 - page document includes requests for more help in dealing with water and energy crises , greater cooperation between the ISI and US intelligence outfits , more helicopter gunships and other military hardware .
Pakistan also wants a civilian nuclear energy cooperation deal with the US , and a role in any future peace talks between the Afghan government and the Taliban .
[ If USociopaths were n't paying for Pakistan 's * nuclear * programs ( LOL !
What happened to the phony fear of ' al - Qaeda ' getting hold of Pakistan 's nuclear material ? ) , we could have single - payer health care and fix US infrastructure !
But no .
Instead , US taxpayers have to fund contractors ' bl*w jobs in Pakistan , Afghanistan , Iraq - * everywhere * but here , as the Reichwing refuses to allow the people to have anything , under cover of the monstrous deficit ( created by George W. Bush ) .
Now , how come the ' deficit ' and ' CBO scoring ' is n't raised when the US wants to fund Pakistan 's nuclear energy and Afghanistan 's roads ?
-- LRP ]
Russians Give Message to U.S. Generals in Afghanistan : Bribe the Taliban -- Minutes of Secret Meeting Between Russian Veterans and Gen. Stanley McChrystal Also Say ' More Troops Wo n't Make a Difference ' 18 Mar 2010 Two Russian veterans of the Soviet Afghan war privately warned Gen. Stanley McChrystal last summer that the key to winning the war would be to pay off the Taliban .
The official who wrote a summary of two meetings between the Russians and U.S. military commanders also wrote that one of the " key take - aways " from the meetings was that extra troops were not the key to victory .
ABCNews.com has obtained a document summarizing the discussions between two veterans of the Soviet Union 's failed Afghan war and McChrystal , the top U.S. general in Afghanistan , during an August 2009 video teleconference .
[ USociopaths are already doing that .
See : US to pay Taliban fighters to ' lay down their arms ' 23 Jan 2010 . ]
Afghan police training contracts likely to go to Blackwater and Lockheed By Laura Rozen 25 Feb 2010 Former officials familiar with the deal say that Blackwater is likely to get a Defense Department - issued contract worth several hundred million dollars to train and mentor the Afghan police .
The police training contract , known as TORP 150 , is supposed to be decided next month , and the company has not been officially notified that it will get it .
But the only competing bid for the police training contract , submitted by Northrop with MPRI , has been disqualified , a former official knowledgeable about the contract said .
Blackwater up for Afghan police training contract ?
By Laura Rozen 23 Feb 2010 Controversial defense contractor terrorist group Blackwater , now known as Xe , is being told that it is likely to win a major contract to do police training mentoring and logistics in Afghanistan , a source tells POLITICO .
According to the well - informed source , U.S. authorities in Iraq including Gen. Stan McChrystal and US Ambasador to Afghanistan Karl Eikenberry had urged the Defense Department to issue the police training contract through DoD as opposed to through State / International Narcotics and Law Enforcement .
[ Thanks , Obusha ! ]
Defense source : US to spread training in Pakistan 11 Feb 2010
The U.S. military is planning to set up new training centers inside Pakistan where American special operations trainers would work with Pakistani forces close to the Afghan border battle zone , a senior defense official said .
The new centers would supplement two already operating in Pakistan , and they would be used to accelerate and expand the training of Pakistani forces considered key to rooting out enbolden al - Qaida leaders hiding along the mountainous border , the official said .
US to pay Taliban fighters to ' lay down their arms ' 23 Jan 2010 Afghan President Hamid Karzai unveiled an ambitious Western - funded plan Friday to offer money and jobs to tempt Taliban fighters to lay down their arms in an effort to quell a crippling insurgency .
His comments to the BBC came as US Defence Secretary Robert Gates described the Taliban as part of Afghanistan 's " political fabric " , but said any future role would depend on insurgents laying down their weapons .
[ Paying Taliban fighters to ' lay down their arms ? '
That 's like Obama supplicating himself to get Lieberman 's vote on health care : * Not gonna happen . *
I 've covered a lot of BULLSH*T in 8 years , but this takes the cake .
We can't get single - payer health care in the US because the GOP sociopaths and their little DemocRATic blue puppy dogs ( and their little blue dog Obama , too ) claim that such a measure would add to ( the Bush - born ) trillon - dollar deficit .
But we can simultaneously fund the Taliban AND pay Blackwater to ' stop ' those who we are paying ?
Hello , McFly ?
To top it off , Bush 's High Whore Court just opened the corporate floodgates to * steal * the any last remaining vestiges of democracy in the US - most of the lamestream media was mostly silent on this jaw - dropper .
-- LRP ]
Pakistan govt .
urged to explain Blackwater presence 23 Jan 2010 Pakistani lawmakers say the government must to come clean about the presence of the notorious American security firm Blackwater ( now known as Xe Services LLC ) in the country .
The lawmakers , both pro-government and opposition parties , during a heated debate on Friday , urged Islamabad to break its silence and own up as there are strong evidences of the presence of Xe Services LLC in Pakistan .
The call came after US Secretary of Defense Robert Gates admitted that Xe Services and DynCorp have been operating in Pakistan .
Gates confirms Blackwater presence in Pakistan 22 Jan 2010 US
Defense Secretary Robert Gates confirms that American security firms terror groups Xe Services LLC , formerly known as Blackwater , and DynCorp have been operating in Pakistan .
The two firms are operating in private capacities , Gates said on Thursday , adding that the companies were abiding by Pakistani laws .
However , he said that if the Pakistani parliament votes for a ban on the presence of the firms , the US government would comply with it .
Number of Private Security Contractors In Afghanistan Doubles In Just Four Months 21 Jan 2010
The military is increasingly relying on private security contractors mercenaries as President Obama ramps up the war in Afghanistan , with contractors now making up as much as 30 % of the armed force in the country , a just - released congressional report shows .
In the period roughly tracking with President Obama 's first nine months in office , the number of Defense Department armed security contractors soared 236 % -- from 3,184 to 10,712 between December 2008 to September 2009 .
The number roughly doubled between June and September 2009 alone .
US emergency war budget sees 9bn for Afghan war -- Includes 190 million dollars in Hellfire missile orders used by killer drones 21 Jan 2010
The US Army 's emergency war budget for 2011 will cover big orders for weapons for a major build - up of troops in Afghanistan .
The Army has called for 33 billion dollars in emergency war funding , which includes over nine billion dollars for Afghanistan , Reuters reported on Wednesday .
A draft budget document shows a significant increase in purchases of unmanned aerial vehicles , and stepped up intelligence and surveillance efforts .
Xe , a Blackwater You Can Believe In : Xe Services Aiming for Afghan Police Training Deal -- Xe ( formerly Blackwater ) aims to be part of Obama 's Afghanistan strategy 10 Jan 2010 Blackwater Worldwide 's legal woes have n't dimmed the company 's prospects in Afghanistan , where it's a contender to be a key part of President Barack Obama 's strategy for stabilizing destroying the country .
Now called Xe Services , the company is in the running for a Pentagon contract potentially worth $ 1 billion to train Afghanistan 's troubled national police force .
The expanded role would seem an unlikely one for Xe because Democrats have held such a negative opinion of the company following the Iraqi deaths , which are still reverberating in Baghdad and Washington .
During the presidential campaign , then - Sen . Hillary Rodham Clinton , now Obama 's secretary of state , backed legislation to ban Blackwater and other private security contractors from Iraq .
[ Obama keeps faith with these mass - murderers , rapists and child - molesters ?
Xe , a Blackwater you can believe in ! -- MDR ]
Warlord calls the shots over Afghanistan military transport -- The warlord usually receives around US $ 2500 for each truck that passes .
08 Jan 2010
An Afghan warlord has told Radio Netherlands that he is receiving money to protect convoys of army vehicles .
The warlord , Mathiullah Khan , has confirmed he charges for the transportation of water , food and fuel from Kandahar to the Dutch bases at Camp Holland or Tarin Kowt in the neighbouring province to the north .
' In terms of security we have failed . '
Karzai : I do n't need foreign forces in Afghanistan 08 Jan 2010 Afghanistan 's President Hamid Karzai says he does not need anymore ' the favor ' of the US - led foreign forces in his war - weary country .
" If these forces are coming only to chase the Taliban at the cost of Afghan civilians , of course that 's not going to produce any good consequences for us , " Karzai said in an interview with al - Jazeera on Friday ...
The president 's remarks come after thousands of Afghan people took to the streets to protest the rising civilian death toll by the US - led forces in the country .
Allegation : Blackwater hiring youths in Peshawar to carry out attacks and suicide bombings 31 Dec 2009 Just as the CLG has asserted from the get - go .
Wait until Blackwater gets hold of one of Pakistan 's nukes , detonates it , blames ' al - Qaeda ' and plunges the US into WWIII .
I am thinking the lucrative contract for Xe to ' clean up ' in the aftermath of the nuclear explosion has already been drafted .
Blackwater needs to be eliminated before they become as big as Goldman Sachs and Citi - ' too big ' to destroy .
--- Lori Price
Mufti Usmani holds
Blackwater responsible for blast 31 Dec 2009 Contrary to the claim and media reports by the media about Tehreek - i- Taliban Pakistan taking responsibility of the Ashura bomb blast , Mufti Mohammed Rafi Usmani held US agency Blackwater responsible for the gory incident that claimed more than 40 lives .
Addressing a news conference along with Muhammed Taqi , Mufti Muhammed Naeem , Maulana Tanver - ul - Haq and others on Wednesday , Mufti Usmani said that Blackwater was involved in the killing of innocent people in the Muharram procession .
He said that soon after the blast , shops in the city ’s economic hub were set ablaze which proved that the attack was " pre-planned and organized " .
Mufti Usmani said that the incident was a conspiracy against Islam and the government totally failed to control the situation , as it was the responsibility of the government to provide security to the citizens and to protect the property ...
He alleged that Blackwater was hiring youths in Peshawar to carry out attacks and suicide bombings .
US pledges $ 16 bn for training Afghan security forces [ so they can kill more US soliders ]
31 Dec 2009
The United States has pledged $ 16 billion to spend on training and equipping Afghanistan ’s army and air force , but the country needs more to build a force that can guarantee stability , an Afghan army official said on Wednesday .
Defence Ministry spokesman Zaher Azimy said Kabul hoped a donor conference in London next month would provide cash and supplies needed for ambitious plans to expand the army to 240,000 soldiers from over 100,000 at present ...
Part of the US cash is likely to cover planned spending on over 150 aircraft -- including helicopters , and reconnaissance , combat and transport planes .
[ See : Soldier killed by friendly fire in Afghanistan 21 Dec 2009 . ]
Was the Afghan Bomb Attack an Inside Job ?
Possibility Arises that Someone Working with U.S. Forces was on the Side of the Terrorists 30 Dec 2009
It all happened at a well - fortified combat outpost in Eastern Afghanistan .
Somehow a suicide bomber was able to bring his explosives on the base , walk up to a group of American civilians and blow himself up .
It will take an investigation to determine how he did it .
But the outpost is located in the middle of a notorious stronghold for Afghan insurgents near the border with Pakistan , reports CBS News .
Afghan soldiers and civilians are present at almost every American outpost since one of the chief principals of the U.S. strategy is to partner with the Afghans .
According to Christine Fair of Georgetown University , some of them may actually be working for the Taliban .
Afghanistan suicide bombing kills 8 CIA officers -- The Taliban takes responsibility for the explosion at a U.S. base in Khowst province where the agency has a major presence .
31 Dec 2009
A bomber slipped into [?!?]
a U.S. base in eastern Afghanistan on Wednesday and detonated a suicide vest , killing eight CIA officers in one of the deadliest days in the agency 's history , current and former U.S. officials said .
The attack took place at Forward Operating Base Chapman in Khowst province , an area near the border with Pakistan .
An undisclosed number of civilians were wounded , the officials said .
A U.S. official who spoke on condition of anonymity said the CIA had a major presence at the base , in part because of its strategic location .
Afghanistan : soldier shoots dead US serviceman 29 Dec 2009
An Afghan soldier shot dead a US serviceman and wounded two Italians when he opened fire on foreign troops at an army base in western Afghanistan .
The shooting in Herat is the latest in a string of such incidents , including the death of five British soldiers last month , at a time when Western countries are pouring resources into training Afghan soldiers and police to fight the Taliban insurgency Blackwater 's coffers .
" The soldier opened fire on the two Italians and one American in a joint Afghan and foreign base , " said General Khair Mohammad Khawari of the Afghan army .
" Two Italian soldiers were wounded , one American soldier was killed . "
' Good ' Taliban destroy Afghan Army base 20 Dec 2009 Forces under the command of a leader considered to be one of the " good Taliban " by the Pakistani military destroyed an Afghan Army camp .
Taliban forces commanded by Mullah Nazir blew up an the Afghan Army base , which was just across the border from the Angoor Adda region in Pakistan .
The region is under the control of Nazir , a Pakistani Taliban commander .
" Sources said the Taliban planted explosives all over the base and blew it up , destroying bunkers and installations , " Dawn reported .
The based was destroyed after " a contingent stationed there moved out of the fortified compound . "
The Taliban and " a group of tribesmen " then looted the base .
Blackwater Eyes Afghan Contractor Surge 21 Dec 2009 Virginian - Pilot
As the United States builds up its military presence in Afghanistan , private contractors mercenaries are flocking there in even greater numbers .
And Xe , the company formerly known as Blackwater , is in the hunt to get a share of the new work .
According to a report last week from the Congressional Research Service , there were about 64,000 uniformed U.S. troops in Afghanistan in September and 104,101 military contractors -- 62 percent of the Defense Department work force there .
The Obama administration 's planned deployment of 30,000 more troops in the coming months could require as many as 56,000 more contractors , the report estimated .
Xe , the Moyock , N.C. - based private military company , is already on the ground in Afghanistan despite its controversial history in Iraq , and is in the running for additional contracts .
Auditors challenge $ 1 billion in Afghanistan costs 17 Dec 2009 A Senate subcommittee says Pentagon auditors have challenged nearly $ 1 billion in charges by military contractors in Afghanistan .
That 's raising concerns on Capitol Hill about wasteful spending as the Obama administration expands the U.S. ' mission ' in Afghanistan .
According to a memo distributed to subcommittee members before the [ Thursday ] hearing , the Defense Contract Audit Agency examined $ 5.9 billion in Afghanistan troop support contracts .
The agency determined that $ 950 million of the costs were unreasonable or lacked enough documentation to support them .
U.S. spends $ 23 billion on Afghan contracts so far 17 Dec 2009 The United States has spent over $ 23 billion on reconstruction and development contracts in Afghanistan since 2002 , and auditors say about $ 1 billion of this is waste , a U.S. senator said on Thursday .
The contract spending is expected to rise with President Barack Obama 's planned [ insane ] surge of 30,000 U.S. forces into Afghanistan in the coming months , Senator Claire McCaskill said at a subcommittee hearing .
Up to 56000 more contractors likely for Afghanistan , congressional agency says -- Number of mercenaries would rise to anywhere from 130,000 to 160,000 16 Dec 2009
The surge of 30,000 U.S. troops into Afghanistan could be accompanied by a surge of up to 56,000 contractors mercenaries , vastly expanding the presence of personnel from the U.S. private sector in a war zone , according to a study by the Congressional Research Service .
CRS , which provides background information to members of Congress on a bipartisan basis , said it expects an additional 26,000 to 56,000 contractors to be sent to Afghanistan .
Rep. : US may be ' funding the very insurgents we are trying to fight '
-- Congress investigating charges of ' protection racket ' by Afghanistan contractors 17 Dec 2009 A House oversight subcommittee said Wednesday that it has begun a wide - ranging investigation into allegations that private security companies mercenaries hired to protect Defense Department convoys in Afghanistan are paying off warlords and the Taliban to ensure safe passage .
" If shown to be true , it would mean that the United States is unintentionally engaged in a vast protection racket and , as such , may be indirectly funding the very insurgents we are trying to fight , " said Rep. John F. Tierney ( D - Mass. ) , chairman of the House oversight subcommittee on national security and foreign affairs .
[ No sh*t .
This what the CLG has been asserting * for years . *]
Taliban stalls key hydroelectric turbine project in Afghanistan -- Convoy diverted British troops from front but generator may never be used 13 Dec 2009
An enormous hydroelectric turbine dragged at huge cost by British troops through Taliban heartlands last year may never be installed because Nato has been unable to secure a 30 - mile stretch of road leading to an isolated dam in northern Helmand .
Senior British officers privately say the enormous diversion of scarce military resources for the operation allowed the Taliban to make major gains in other critical areas of the province , including Nad Ali , which subsequently saw some of the most intense fighting between British forces and insurgents .
Now the United States Agency for International Development ( USAID ) , the wing of the United States government which has so far pumped $ 47 m ( £ 29 m ) into the project , intended to electrify much of southern Afghanistan , says it is packing the turbine parts away and looking for other energy projects to invest in across Afghanistan .
[ Can you believe this bullsh *t ?
We can't get any infrastructure projects in the US -- but US taxpayers pay corporaterrorists to pretend to fund hydroelectric turbines in * Afghanistan ? *
See also : US to Give $ 125 Million to Upgrade Pakistan 's Power Sector 29 Oct 2009 . ]
Blackwater Loses a Job for the C.I.A. 12 Dec 2009
The Central Intelligence Agency has terminated a contract with the security company terrorist group formerly called Blackwater Worldwide that allowed the company to load bombs on C.I.A. drones in Pakistan and Afghanistan , intelligence officials said Friday .
The contract gave employees with the company an operational role in one of the Central Intelligence Agency ’s most significant covert programs , which has killed dozens of militants hundreds of civilians with Predator and Reaper drones .
The company ’s involvement highlighted the extent to which the C.I.A. had outsourced critical jobs to private companies since the 9/11 attacks .
Blackwater operating at CIA Pakistan base , ex-official says -- Contractor said to be helping to load missiles 11 Dec 2009
The US contractor terrorist group Blackwater is operating in Pakistan at a secret CIA airfield used for launching drone attacks , according to a former US official , despite repeated government denials that the company is in the country .
The official , who had direct knowledge of the operation , said that employees with Blackwater , now renamed Xe Services , patrol the area round the Shamsi airbase in Baluchistan province .
He also confirmed that Blackwater employees help to load laser - guided Hellfire missiles on to CIA - operated drones that target ' al - Qaida ' members suspected of hiding in the Afghanistan - Pakistan border regions , confirming information that surfaced in the US media in the summer .
Mercenaries ?
CIA Says Expanded Role for Contractors Legitimate -- Blackwater , Other Firms Said to Be " Hired Guns " in Iraq , Afghanistan -- Combat Role Would Be Against U.S. Law 11 Dec 2009
The CIA and the military special forces have quietly expanded the role of private contractors , including Blackwater , to include their involvement in raids and secret paramilitary operations in Afghanistan , Pakistan and Iraq , four current and former U.S. military and intelligence officers tell ABC News .
American law specifically prohibits the use of private soldiers or mercenaries in combat , according to Jonathan Turley , a professor of public interest law at George Washington University .
" The United States Congress has never approved the use of private contractors for combat operations , " Turley told ABC News in an interview .
$ 10 million is smuggled out of Afghanistan daily , official says -- The culprits are drug cartels and corrupt officials and businesses , Finance Minister Omar Zakhilwal says .
U.S. and Afghan officials believe much of the cash is going to the Taliban .
07 Dec 2009
An estimated $ 10 million a day is smuggled out of Afghanistan , most of it through Kabul 's international airport , rather than through secret routes over the mountains or across the desert , the country 's finance minister said Sunday .
The amount of corruption , both by public officials and officials of private companies , makes him embarrassed to acknowledge while traveling that he is an Afghan , Finance Minister Omar Zakhilwal said .
Much of the hot cash ends up funding the Taliban insurgency , U.S. and Afghan officials said .
' We 're going to be in the region for a long time . '
No Firm Plans for a U.S. Exit in Afghanistan 07 Dec 2009
The Obama administration sent a forceful public message Sunday that American military forces could remain in Afghanistan for a long time ...
In television interviews , Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates , Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton and other top administration officials said that any troop pullout beginning in July 2011 would be slow and that the Americans would only then be starting to transfer security responsibilities to Afghan forces under Mr. Obama ’s new plan .
" We have strategic interests [ opium and gas pipelines ] in South Asia that should not be measured in terms of finite times , " said Gen. James L. Jones , the president ’s national security adviser , speaking on CNN ’s " State of the Union . "
" We ’re going to be in the region for a long time . "
' Taliban ' bombs fan Pakistan distrust of US -- The US embassy issued statements denying reports of a Blackwater presence .
06 Dec 2009
Clawing at debris after a massive bomb pulverised a busy market in Pakistan 's northwest capital Peshawar on October 28 , Umar Hayat could find no trace of his eldest son , 11 - year - old Mohsin .
" Soon after burying my brother , I came back to the bomb site .
I found my son's body at midnight .
The next day , in the afternoon , we found my nephew 's body , " Hayat told AFP .
But rather than feeling disgust at Taliban fighters blamed for an attack that killed 125 people , Hayat holds the United States responsible , reflecting a deep - seated distrust felt throughout Pakistan .
" I appeal to America , please leave us be .
Please stop this game , this war on terror .
Osama ( bin Laden ) is just a smokescreen to attack Muslims , " Hayat said .
" Stop it .
How many more lives will you take in revenge for the World Trade Centre ?
Do you want to destroy the whole of Pakistan ? " ... " What did my father do ?
Why did somebody do this to us ? " said Rashid Javed , who lost his father and two cousins on October 28 .
" I think America , Israel and India are involved .
The Taliban can't do this -- they used to target only police and army men . "
Pakistan legal plea to search US embassy for Blackwater weapons , explosives -- Interior secretary issued notice in Blackwater plea 05 Dec 2009 Lahore High Court ( LHC ) Chief Justice ( CJ ) Khawaja Muhammad Sharif served notice on the Interior secretary for not replying to a petition against the alleged activities of Blackwater in the federal capital ...
The CJ also called a detailed report from the Foreign Ministry on a plea to order the search of the US Embassy to recover illegal weapons .
The counsel also said that the Sihala Police Training Centre commandant had also complained that explosives were being heaped in the centre and he was not allowed to visit the sites .
Seeking search of the US embassy , Barrister Zafarullah [ the petitioner ’s counsel ] said the day Blackwater had stepped into Pakistan , terror acts and suicide attacks had been scaled up .
The counsel also alleged that in the US embassy illegal arms and ammunition were being stored , which were being used for " sabotage acts " in the country .
US taxpayers fund Afghan stimulus : Afghan security forces get 40 % pay hike 29 Nov 2009 Afghanistan yesterday increased the pay of police and soldiers by nearly 40 per cent as Western countries aimed to increase the size and quality of Afghan security forces so their own troops can go home .
Interior Minister Hanif Atmar said monthly salaries would increase by $ 45 to about $ 165 for a new recruit .
At present , there are about 95,000 Afghan soldiers and 93,000 police – a fraction of the number needed to fight help the Taleban .
Afghanistan depends on funds from the US and other Western countries for large budgetary expenses , such as military and police salaries .
The day ends in 'y , ' so it 's time for another AfPak bl*w job .
US to give $ 38.7 million to 27 Afghan provinces to reduce poppy cultivation -- A report published last month in The New York Times identified the brother of Afghan President Hamid Karzai as a CIA operative and a major opium dealer .
He was also reported to have close ties with the Taliban .
24 Nov 2009
The US government has made a commitment to provide financial aid to Afghan provinces that have reduced or eliminated the production of opium .
The United States signed a memorandum of understanding on Monday according to which it agreed to give $ 38.7 million to 27 Afghan provinces that eliminated or significantly reduced poppy production in the world 's biggest supplier country , AFP reported .
According to the MOU , the money will be handed over to Afghanistan 's counter - narcotics ministry [ Flush twice .
It 's a log way to the Afghan counter - narcotics Ministry . ] , which will disperse the cash to the 27 different provinces to finance development or alternative crops .
[ LOL .
Am I the only one to observe that US pays to * cultivate *
Afghan opium poppies , while simultaneously paying to * reduce * them ?
Oh , but we can't get single - payer health care or the public option -- too expensive . ]
US military :
We pay hundreds of millions of dollars to Afghan insurgents -- How the US Funds the Taliban By Aram Roston 11 Nov 2009
It is an accepted fact of the military logistics operation in Afghanistan that the US government funds the very forces American troops are fighting .
And it is a deadly irony , because these funds add up to a huge amount of money for the Taliban .
" It 's a big part of their income , " one of the top Afghan government security officials told The Nation in an interview .
In fact , US military officials in Kabul estimate that a minimum of 10 percent of the Pentagon 's logistics contracts -- hundreds of millions of dollars -- consists of payments to insurgents .
[ CLG has been reporting this insanity for years .
Too bad the mainstream media wo n't cover it , instead of spending 24/7 on bimbo Sarah Palin 's ghostwritten insipid Mantra of Whine . ]
U.S. Quietly Speeds Hundreds of Millions of Dollars in Military Aid to Pakistan -- The number of American Special Forces soldiers and support personnel who are training and ' advising ' Pakistani Army and paramilitary troops has doubled in the past eight months to 150 29 Oct 2009
The United States has quietly rushed hundreds of millions of dollars in arms , equipment and sophisticated sensors to Pakistani forces in recent months , said senior American and Pakistani officials .
During preparations this spring for the Pakistani campaigns in Swat and South Waziristan , President Obama personally intervened at the request of Pakistan ’s top army general to speed the delivery of 10 Mi-17 troop transport helicopters ... .
American military surveillance drones are feeding video images and target information to Pakistani ground commanders , and the Pentagon has quietly provided the Pakistani Air Force with high - resolution , infrared sensors for F - 16 warplanes , which Pakistan is using to guide bomb attacks on militants ’ strongholds in South Waziristan .
Taliban and Al - Qaeda refuse blame on Pakistan blast 29 Oct 2009
The Taliban and al - Qaeda have said they did not explode the bombs that caused 105 deaths in Peshawar on Wednesday .
Pakistani paper
The News has quoted an al - Qaeda source as saying the group was not involved in the killing of innocent women and children .
The sources instead placed the blame on " elements who want to defame jihad . "
The banned Taliban group , Tehrik - e - Taliban Pakistan , in an e-mail sent to the media , also denied its involvement in the blast .
[ Right , it was likely the terrorist group Blackwater / Xe , which * is* involved in the killing of innocent women and children .
See : Blackwater running covert recruitment drive in Pak through its website 16 Sep 2009
The controversial US private security company , Blackwater , is reportedly running a covert recruitment drive through its website in Pakistan .
See : Blackwater Recruiting Agents Fluent In Urdu and Punjabi For Pakistan -- Report suggests Pakistani envoy in Washington issued 360 visas to Americans in one month without consulting Islamabad By Ahmed Quraishi 15 Sep 2009 . ]
Oh , my God. US to Give $ 125 Million to Upgrade Pakistan 's Power Sector 29 Oct 2009 Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , seeking to bolster Islamabad 's fight against Islamic extremists US corporaterrorists ' profits , initiated a crash U.S. assistance program for Pakistan 's power sector aimed at rolling back electricity shortages that threaten to cripple the South Asian nation 's economy .
Mrs. Clinton , on the first of a three - day diplomatic mission to Pakistan , said that Washington will disburse $ 125 million to Islamabad for the upgrading of key power stations and transmission lines .
U.S. experts [!] are also beginning to work with Pakistani utility companies to reduce power outages and lost revenue caused by outmoded technologies and systemic non-payment by customers , which costs Pakistan hundreds of millions of dollars each year .
[ Clinton announces $ 125 million more to be sucked into the Obusha AfPak money pit for ... wait for it ... * Pakistan 's * power sector ( that the US bombs in its illegal killer drone attacks ) .
We can't get single - payer health care in the US -- we can't even get a so - called public option -- because the Congressional pharma - whores ( LieberBush , etc. ) tell us it may add to the US deficit .
Where are the calls for endless CBO studies on the billions wasted funding contractors , mercenaries , and terrorists benefiting from Obusha 's wars ?
Bay Bridge closed after repair falls apart 28 Oct 2009 ( CA )
Three pieces of an emergency repair to the Bay Bridge 's cantilever section made over Labor Day weekend snapped and crashed onto the upper deck of the span late Tuesday afternoon , striking three vehicles and forcing the indefinite closure of the region 's busiest bridge .
Caltrans officials ordered the closure of the bridge in both directions shortly after 7 p.m. and said late Tuesday night that it would be closed indefinitely .
Too bad the bridge is n't in Pakistan .
Then , Blackwater / Xe could blow it up , blame the Taliban , and the US could pay contractors billions to keep rebuilding it .
-- LRP ]
Brother of Afghan president reportedly on CIA payroll 28 Oct 2009
The New York Times has reported that the brother of Afghan President Hamid Karzai has been taking regular payments from the Central Intelligence Agency .
The Times , quoting current and former US intelligence officials , said Ahmed Wali Karzai had been paid for different services including the putting together of a CIA directed Afghan paramilitary force .
Brother of Afghan President Is on C.I.A. Payroll , Officials Say 28
Oct 2009 Ahmed Wali Karzai , the brother of the Afghan president and a suspected player in the country 's booming illegal opium trade , gets regular payments from the Central Intelligence Agency , and has for much of the past eight years , according to current and former American officials .
The agency pays Mr. Karzai for a variety of services , and those financial ties and the agency 's close working relationship with him raise significant questions about America 's war strategy , which is currently under review at the White House .
8 U.S. Troops Are Killed in Bombings in Afghanistan 28 Oct 2009 Eight Americans died in combat in southern Afghanistan on Tuesday , bringing October ’s total to 53 and making it the deadliest month for Americans in the eight - year war .
September and October were both deadlier months overall for NATO troops .
The troops , along with an Afghan civilian accompanying them , were killed in several attacks involving " multiple , complex " improvised bombs , according to a statement from the NATO - led coalition .
Military Seeks $ 1.3 Billion For Construction Projects in Afghanistan 18 Oct 2009
While the Obama administration weighs whether to send additional troops to Afghanistan , the U.S. military is spending billions of dollars on construction projects to ensure the country 's infrastructure can support American and coalition personnel in 2010 and years beyond .
The military has already spent roughly $ 2.7 billion on construction over the past three fiscal years .
Now , if its request is approved as part of the fiscal 2010 defense appropriations bill , it would spend another $ 1.3 billion on more than 100 projects at 40 sites across the country , according to a Senate report on the legislation .
[ Another day , another bl*wjob for US corpora - terrorists . ]
United States admits tackling Italians over payments to the Taleban 17 Oct 2009
The US Government acknowledged for the first time yesterday that payment of protection money to the Taleban by Italian forces in Afghanistan was discussed by American officials and their Italian counterparts last year .
A senior US official confirmed , two days after The Times reported that Italian authorities had paid the bribes , that " the issue [ of payments ] was raised with the Italians " .
[ I wonder if US Taleban payments should just be incorporated into the next stimulus package ?
After all , funding the Taleban ' stimulates ' the need for Obusha 's war to continue .
-- LRP ]
$ 400 per gallon gas to drive debate over cost of war in Afghanistan -- Analysts : Fully burdened cost of fuel might be $ 1,000 per gallon 15 Oct 2009
The Pentagon pays an average of $ 400 to put a gallon of fuel into a combat vehicle or aircraft in Afghanistan .
The statistic is likely to play into the escalating debate in Congress over the cost of a war that entered its ninth year last week .
Pentagon officials have told the House Appropriations Defense Subcommittee a gallon of fuel costs the military about $ 400 by the time it arrives in the remote locations in Afghanistan where U.S. troops operate .
French troops were killed after Italy hushed up ' bribes ' to Taleban 15 Oct 2009
When ten French soldiers were killed last year in an ambush by Afghan insurgents in what had seemed a relatively peaceful area , the French public were horrified ...
What the grieving nation did not know was that in the months before the French soldiers arrived in mid-2008 , the Italian secret service had been paying tens of thousands of dollars to Taleban commanders and local warlords to keep the area quiet , The Times has learnt .
The clandestine payments , whose existence was hidden from the incoming French forces , were disclosed by Western military officials .
[ Yes , it was a big surprise , as most of the Taleban 's funding comes from the US . ]
Arrest Warrant Out for USAID Contractor in Afghanistan By Aram Roston 30 Sep 2009
A federal arrest warrant was quietly issued last month for a former official employed by the major US government reconstruction contractor here in Afghanistan , in a case that underscores the lure of potential contract fraud in Afghanistan .
Scott " Max " Anthony Walker was a " security coordinator " for the $ 1.4 billion infrastructure program commissioned by US Agency for International Development and funded by US taxpayers .
The program , which builds power plants and roads [ so the Taliban ' insurgents ' the US funds can keep blowing them up and the contractor can keep getting money to ' rebuild ' them ] , is run by a joint venture of American construction conglomerates Louis Berger Group and Black & Veach .
The 36 - year - old Australian named in the arrest warrant worked for Black & Veach , and he allegedly tried to obtain a kickback -- apparently of a quarter - of - a- million dollars -- from private military companies looking for a piece of business of protecting the reconstruction effort .
" I was building a bridge , " an Afghan contactor said , one evening over drinks .
" The local Taliban commander called and said ' do n't build a bridge there , we 'll have to blow it up . '
I asked him to let me finish the bridge , collect the money -- then they could blow it up whenever they wanted .
We agreed , and I completed my project . "
Who is funding the Afghan Taliban ?
You do n't want to know .
13 Aug 2009
In Afghanistan , one of the richest sources of Taliban funding is the foreign assistance coming into the country .
Virtually every major project includes a healthy cut for the insurgents .
Call it protection money , call it extortion , or , as the Taliban themselves prefer to term it , " spoils of war , " the fact remains that international donors , primarily the United States , are to a large extent financing their own enemy .
Taleban tax : allied supply convoys pay their enemies for safe passage :
West funding insurgency in Afghanistan with Taleban payoff system --" We estimate that approximately 25 per cent of the money we pay for security to get the fuel in goes into the pockets of the Taleban . "
12 Dec 2008
The West is indirectly funding the insurgency in Afghanistan thanks to a system of payoffs to Taleban commanders who charge protection money to allow convoys of military supplies to reach Nato bases in the south of the country .
Afghanistan Contractors Outnumber Troops -- Despite Surge in U.S. Deployments , More Contractors Are Posted in War Zone ; Reliance Echoes Controversy in Iraq 22 Aug 2009 Even as U.S. troops surge to new highs in Afghanistan they are outnumbered by military contractors working alongside them , according to a Defense Department census due to be distributed to Congress .
The number of military contractors in Afghanistan rose to almost 74,000 by June 30 , far outnumbering the roughly 58,000 U.S. soldiers on the ground at that point ...
The reliance on contractors has prompted a shift in the defense industry , sending more money to logistics and construction companies that can perform everything from basic functions to project engineering .
A recent contract is worth up to $ 15 billion to two firms , DynCorp International Inc. and Fluor Corp. , to build and support U.S. military bases throughout Afghanistan .
$ 7.5 Billion more in US tax dollars for Pakistan money pit : ' US helping Pakistan to invest more in education ' -- Hillary says bills being finalised in US for socio-economic development aid to Pakistan [ Oh , but we can't extend ' Cash - for - Clunkers , ' though , right ?
Notice the GOP always votes NO for increases on health care and eduction for US citizens , but always votes for an increase in foreign ' aid , ' where US ' contractors ' distribute the monies ?
]
23 Aug 2009
The US is ' helping ' Pakistan to invest more in schools and children instead of just its military , as was the case in the past , US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said on Saturday .
In an interview with The New York Times , Hillary said spreading education was part of the Obama administration ’s policy .
Hillary said the bills being finalised in the US Senate and the House of Representatives were aimed at providing aid to Pakistan for socio-economic development , including building schools .
US lawmakers have voted to provide $ 7.5 billion for Pakistan over the next five years in non-military assistance .
US 'lost track of Afghan weapons '
12 Feb 2009
The US military has failed to keep track of thousands of [ its ] weapons shipped to Afghanistan , leaving them vulnerable to being lost or stolen , a report says .
The report has been compiled by congressional auditors , the US Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) .
It found that , in the four years up to June 2008 , the US military failed to keep complete records on some 222,000 weapons entering the country .
Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results .
Pakistan Seeks More U.S. Military Aid 23 Jul 2009 ; US to send $ 110 million in emergency aid to Pakistan 19 May 2009 ; Pakistan to get billions from U.S. despite oversight concerns 27 Mar 2009 ; Billions in U.S. Aid to Pakistan Wasted , Officials Assert 24 Dec 2007 ; US Senate approves Pakistan aid worth $ 785 m 20 Dec 2007 .
*****
To receive breaking news alerts from us , click here or the icon below .
Email this page to a friend .
Permanent URL for this page : http://www.legitgov.org/price_obusha_afpak_war_031009.html
A biologist walks into a sushi bar and orders some tuna .
What does he get ?
Escolar , a nasty fish with buttery flesh that can cause bizarre episodes of diarrhea , accompanied by a waxy intestinal discharge .
It 's not a joke .
It happened five times to the same scientists during a brief research project .
The results of that study were published Wednesday in PLOS One .
" A piece of tuna sushi has the potential to be an endangered species , a fraud or a health hazard , " wrote the authors .
" All three of these cases were uncovered in this study . "
The team of researchers from Columbia University and the American Museum of Natural History ordered tuna from 31 sushi restaurants and then used genetic tests to determine the species of fishes in those dishes .
More than half of those eateries misrepresented , or could n't clarify the type of fish they were mongering .
Several were selling endangered southern bluefin tuna .
Although their results were shocking , exposing sloppy sushi joints was n't their main goal .
The scientists were trying to improve on a new species - identification technique , called DNA barcoding .
A coalition of labs has been collecting fish , reading their genes and uploading the information to a database called FISH - BOL .
Their goal is to build a catalog of every fish species on earth so that anyone with a handheld DNA reader could definitively identify fish within minutes .
Wildlife officials could use that technology to spot - check fish markets , and fine people who are selling protected species .
Right now , the FISH - BOL database is roughly 20 percent complete , but zooligsts can't seem to agree upon the best way to condense the genetic information from each fish into a concise signature .
That 's where this study comes into play .
By checking 14 carefully selected spots on a gene called cox1 and matching them up with the database , the scientists could accurately identify any kind of tuna .
Citation : Lowenstein JH , Amato G , Kolokotronis S- O , " The Real maccoyii : Identifying Tuna Sushi with DNA Barcodes – Contrasting Characteristic Attributes and Genetic Distances . "
PLoS ONE 4 , 11 , 2009 , e7866 .
Photo : Spicy tuna roll
stuart_spivack / Flickr
See Also :
Viernes 13 de noviembre de 2009
Juan Arvizu y Andrea Merlos | El Universal
Las irregularidades detectadas a Pro�rbol , programa estelar del presidente Felipe Calder�n en materia de reforestaci�n , hicieron que diputados decidieran recortarle mil millones de pesos , con lo cual su presupuesto quedar�a en 3 mil 463 millones de pesos para el pr�ximo a�o .
A unos d�as de que venza el plazo para la aprobaci�n del Presupuesto de Egresos , la Comisi�n de Medio Ambiente de San L�zaro resolvi� “ no enviar dinero bueno a un programa que no ha cambiado la manera de operar y que no da resultados , sobre todo ahora que hay carencia de recursos en el pa�s ” , dijo el diputado Alejandro Carabias Icaza ( PVEM ) .
El legislador , quien es secretario de la Comisi�n , dijo que los fondos que se quitar�n a Pro�rbol ser�n distribuidos a planes de fortalecimiento de �reas naturales protegidas y para elevar la capacidad de gesti�n ambiental en el pa�s .
“ La operatividad de Pro�rbol se cuestion � con datos duros [ de la ASF ] , que arrojaron procedimientos y reglas que no garantizaban los resultados proyectados ” , asegur� Carabias Icaza .
La semana pasada esta Comisi�n aval� la propuesta del Ejecutivo federal de dotar al programa con 4 mil 463 millones de pesos y a�adirle con car�cter extraordinario una partida de mil 400 millones para pagar servicios ambientales .
En enero este diario document� fallas de este proyecto .
I ’ve represented a lot of clients over the years , and one constant always seems to be how many of my clients do n’t understand their rights .
One of the reasons I became an attorney is because I ’ve always enjoyed fighting for those who may not be able to fight for themselves .
When you work with me , I ’ll do everything I can to provide you with the highest level of legal counsel and representation , regardless of your individual circumstances .
I do this because I believe that everyone has the right to strong representation .
A year ago it was revealed to the American people that our banking system is a legalized Ponzi scheme in which bank and insurance CEOs pay themselves billions of dollars in personal compensation to lend and insure assets with money they do n't have to customers who can't pay back the loans .
In those dark days between the fall of Lehman Brothers and before the presidential election , we were often carried through that time by the small glimmer of hope that at least we would soon have a new leader who would hopefully fix this mess and punish those responsible .
Yet in the past 9 months , not only has the administration failed to fix anything , they have actually made things much worse for anyone who is n't a Wall Street banker .
Therefore , we are past the point where anyone in power still gets the benefit of the doubt -- the process of taking back our country for all citizens must begin now .
This is why I think we must ask if U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner is still the right person for the job .
It has become clear recently that , back in his previous role as New York Federal Reserve Governor , he unnecessarily gave billions of dollars of US tax money to banks and insurance companies with few strings attached .
And it is now becoming clear that his lack of meaningful action is helping many of these same banks steal more by legalizing their most economically dangerous , socially destructive and self - enriching practices .
Yesterday on NBC's Meet the Press , Secretary Geithner again endorsed House bank reform legislation that would allow , by my calculations , as much as 80 % , or $ 475 trillion , of the bank 's $ 600 trillion in crooked insurance schemes to still be held in secret .
It was and is the secret risks held in this very market that led to our collapse in the first place , and that continue to pose massive future risk to the global economy .
Geithner also continued to employ the bankers ' favorite and most ludicrous lie : that the taxpayer must somehow continue to pay executives at companies like AIG ungodly sums of money under the threat that , if we do n't , somehow the taxpayer will never make their money back .
Well let me tell you something , the taxpayer and our nation will never get back the lost wealth taken under these false circumstances and this colossal breach of fiduciary duty .
The idea that we must somehow perpetuate this system with our tax money and the future wealth of our children goes against the very American ideal of failure , adaptation and innovation , not to mention of our democracy .
Also last week , the Treasury Secretary endorsed a piece of legislation that , instead of stopping a select few companies from profiting from the implicit taxpayer - guarantee of Too Big Too Fail , seeks to officially condone it .
If the most prized skill in our society , economically , is the ability to lend and insure the most money without consequences , then our nation 's people are doomed to lose everything in the world 's largest ever betting parlor ; and that is precisely the system this Treasury Secretary -- Tim Geithner -- is seeking to legalize and institutionalize in America today .
However , the smoking gun for Secretary Geithner comes from a recent Bloomberg FOIA disclosure regarding events from last November .
It was then that New York Federal Reserve Governor Tim Geithner decided to deliver 100 cents on the dollar , in secret no less , to pay off the counter parties to the world 's largest ( and still un- investigated ) insurance fraud -- AIG .
This full payoff with taxpayer dollars was carried out by Geithner after AIG 's bank customers , such as Goldman Sachs , Deutsche Bank and Societe Generale , had already previously agreed to taking as little as 40 cents on the dollar .
Even after the GM autoworkers , bondholders and vendors all received a government - enforced haircut on their contracts , he still had the audacity to claim the " sanctity of contracts " in the dealings with these companies like AIG .
None of us were in the rooms when these decisions were made , so I do n't pretend to know if Mr. Geithner was the one lone , sane voice of reason fighting against mysterious forces or the primary proponent .
However , I fail to see the reasoning for why we continue to rely on those who were in the room when these horrendous decisions took place to be the same people that we choose to deal with their aftermath .
There are just certain situations that are not suited for continuity .
The best analogy I can think of is that it would be like asking Al Cowlings to spearhead the Nicole Brown Simpson murder investigation under the premise that he knows the layout and the " players " best .
The fact is that there are people who understand all of the intricacies of finance and policy as well as Secretary Geithner , but whose allegiances to the taxpayer are much clearer .
People like Elizabeth Warren , Neil Barofsky , Rob Johnson , and Senator Maria Cantwell just to name a few .
To stop the theft from continuing , the most basic rules of capitalism need to be applied to our banks .
And the future of our national wealth needs to be safeguarded by the US Government .
The current custodian of America 's wealth , Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner , is not doing a good job of either .
The time for corrective action is now .
Starting in 2010 , an international crew of six will simulate a 520 - day round - trip to Mars , including a 30 - day stay on the martian surface .
In reality , they will live and work in a sealed facility in Moscow , Russia , to investigate the psychological and medical aspects of a long - duration space mission .
ESA is looking for European volunteers to take part .
The ‘ mission ’ is part of the Mars500 programme being conducted by ESA and Russia ’s Institute of Biomedical Problems ( IBMP ) to study human psychological , medical and physical capabilities and limitations in space through fundamental and operational research .
ESA ’s Directorate of Human Spaceflight is undertaking Mars500 as part of its European Programme for Life and Physical Sciences ( ELIPS ) to prepare for future human missions to the Moon and Mars .
Following on from the successful 105 - day precursor study completed in July , ESA is now looking for two candidates and two backups for the full 520 - day study , which is due to get underway before mid-2010 after four months of training .
The crew will follow a programme designed to simulate a 250 - day journey to Mars , a 30 - day surface exploration phase and 240 days travelling back to Earth .
For the ‘ surface exploration ’ , half of the crew will move to the facility ’s martian simulation module and the hatch to the rest of the facility will be closed .
Candidates should be aged 20 – 50 , motivated , in good health and no taller than 185 cm .
They should speak one of the working languages : English and Russian .
Candidates must have a background and work experience in medicine , biology , life support systems engineering , computer engineering , electronic engineering or mechanical engineering .
Selection will be based on education , professional experience , medical fitness and social habits .
Following an initial assessment , potential candidates will have to submit results from medical tests and will then be invited for interview , to be screened in a process similar to that used in astronaut selection .
The candidates ’ nationality and residence is restricted to ESA Member States participating in ELIPS ( Austria , Belgium , Switzerland , Czech Republic , Germany , Denmark , Spain , France , Greece , Italy , Ireland , Norway , The Netherlands , Sweden and Canada ) .
The Call for Candidates and related documents are available on : http://www.esa.int/callmars500.
Completed and signed application forms should be sent to Mars500@esa.int .
The deadline for applications is 5 November 2009 .
Published online 9 September 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.901
News
Early debut for essential gas was followed by an unexpected dip .
When did oxygen flood into the Earth 's atmosphere ?
NASA
How quickly did oxygen build up in Earth 's early atmosphere ?
An analysis using chromium isotopes trapped in ancient ocean deposits has now provided an unexpected insight into this longstanding puzzle .
The usual geochemical tale is a one - two punch of oxygen molecules flooding the atmosphere , first around 2.45 - 2.2 billion years ago in what geologists call the Great Oxidation Event ( GOE ) , followed by another steep rise around 750 million years ago .
But details have been elusive .
Attempts to use molybdenum , rhenium and other metal isotopes to understand oxygen 's earlier rise have given a range of results about when the oxygenation began , how quickly it progressed and whether it was continuous .
That leaves the rise of oxygen at the GOE as " one of the two or three big questions about the early Earth " , says Tim Lyons of the University of California , Riverside .
The latest finding comes from a team led by Robert Frei of the University of Copenhagen , Denmark , who sampled banded iron formations — an iron - rich sedimentary rock — dating from around and in between the two main periods of intense oxygen increases .
They show that oxygen snuck into surface ocean waters 2.8 –2.6 billion years ago — at least 200 million years earlier than predictions based on analyses of other metal isotopes .
More surprisingly , they also claim that around 1.9 billion years ago , oxygen levels actually dipped back down to almost where they were before the GOE , at less than 1 % of today 's levels .
That 's " the most interesting part of the story " , says Don Canfield of the University of Southern Denmark in Odense and part of the research team who publish their conclusions in Nature1 .
Heavy stuff
The team 's method relies on how chromium responds to changing levels of oxygen in the air .
Without much oxygen in the atmosphere , chromium is locked into rocks in a form where each atom has three fewer electrons than elemental chromium metal — a reduced , or +3 , oxidation state .
“ Were there pulses of life associated with these pulses of oxygen ? ” Robert Frei
University of Copenhagen , Denmark
But as oxygen levels rise , metallic manganese in the same rocks is converted into manganese oxide , which then steals electrons from the landlocked chromium .
The result is an oxidized + 6 form of chromium which is much more likely to be dissolved by rainwater and washed into the ocean .
Once there , chromium reacts with iron metal and is incorporated into the banded iron formations in its + 3 form .
Crucially , the heavy chromium isotope , chromium - 53 , is more likely to be oxidized and washed into the ocean than its lighter cousin chromium - 52 .
This means that measuring the relative amounts of heavier and lighter chromium isotopes in the banded iron formations indicates how much oxygen was in the atmosphere at the time they were locked into the rocks .
" The technique is terrific , " says Robert Hazen of the Geophysical Laboratory , the Carnegie Institution for Science , Washington DC , adding that it seems more sensitive to oxygen shifts than other metal proxies .
But he adds that the chromium ions may be reacting with more than just manganese oxide and iron , which may make the picture even more complex .
" What we need to understand much better is the weathering process of chromium , " agrees Canfield .
ADVERTISEMENT
Lyons , who did not work on the research , says he is particularly pleased to see that the new proxy continues to work long after the GOE , when the signals of other metal isotopes get swamped by the growing amounts of oxygen present .
He adds that wavering oxygen levels , rather than a simple upward trend , has big implications for the development of life at the time .
" Were there pulses of life associated with these pulses of oxygen ? " wonders Frei , who hopes that the new findings will foster discussion about whether life forms were photosynthesizing long before the GOE to create these early " whiffs " of oxygen2,3 .
Whether primitive life was responsible for giving the Earth 's atmosphere its first taste of oxygen is " a whole different issue that needs to be investigated " , says Frei .
For now , he adds , both the new chromium isotope method and the team 's findings need to be confirmed by testing more rocks .
Iran 's Revolutionary Guards today vowed to take revenge after blaming Britain and the US for a suicide bombing that killed six of its commanders and 37 others in one of the country 's most unstable provinces .
The attack , which killed the deputy commander of the guard 's ground forces , General Noor Ali Shooshtari , and Rajab Ali Mohammadzadeh , the provincial commander for Sistan - Baluchistan , inflicted Iran 's worst military casualties in years and raised questions of intelligence and security failures in a region long blighted by a violent Sunni insurgency .
A Sunni group , Jundallah ( " soldiers of God " ) , claimed responsibility and said it was a response to " the constant crime of the regime in Baluchistan " .
It named the bomber as Abdol Vahed Mohammadi Saravani .
Iranian media said the attacker had detonated a bomb belt as Revolutionary Guard commanders arrived for a meeting with tribal elders in a sports hall in Pishin , near Iran 's frontier with Pakistan .
It was the latest in a series of gatherings meant to foster unity in Sistan - Baluchistan , Iran 's poorest province , after a spate of attacks .
Those caught in the explosion had to be taken to hospitals more than 150 miles away because Pishin lacked proper medical facilities .
Some are understood to have died en route .
The Revolutionary Guards condemned the bombing as the work of " terrorists " supported by " the great Satan America and its ally Britain " , and promised to respond .
" Not in the distant future we will take revenge … and Baluchis will clear this region from terrorists and criminals , " read a statement released to the semi-official Fars news agency .
The statement echoed another call for revenge by the Iranian president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , a former guard .
" The criminals will soon get the response for their anti-human crimes , " the official news agency IRNA quoted him as saying .
State television cited an " informed source " as saying that Britain was to blame " by organising , supplying equipment and employing professional terrorists " .
A US state department spokesman , Ian Kelly , dismissed allegations of American involvement as " completely false " , adding : " We condemn this act of terrorism and mourn the loss of innocent lives . "
Over the last five years it has become a standard Iranian position that the US - British alliance is a source of unrest in Sistan - Baluchistan and other provinces .
Officials point to the presence of Nato forces in neighbouring Afghanistan as a launchpad for Anglo - American interference .
While Iran has blamed Britain and the US for previous attacks on its territory , the latest allegation came as negotiations were due to resume in Vienna over its nuclear programme , which western governments fear may be designed to build an atomic bomb .
Iranian officials have previously linked Jundallah with al - Qaida , although other sources have suggested the group may have connections with the Pakistani Taliban .
In Tehran , the Iranian foreign minister summoned the Pakistani charge d'affaires to complain .
The attack appeared to be a direct challenge to the Revolutionary Guards , who took over direct responsibility for Sistan - Baluchistan 's security last April .
The guards have taken an increasingly prominent role in Iranian affairs in recent times under the auspices of the supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
Jundallah has taken up arms on behalf of Sistan - Baluchistan 's Sunni Baluch population , which it says suffers discrimination at the hands of Iran 's Shia rulers .
Commanded by Abdolmalek Rigi , the group claims to have killed more than 400 Iranian troops during its insurgency .
It claimed responsibility for a suicide bombing that killed 25 people at a Shia mosque in Zahedan , Sistan - Baluchistan 's provincial capital , last May .
The authorities responded by hanging 13 group members they said had been involved .
Sistan - Baluchistan lies on a major drug transit route from Afghanistan .
Nearly 4,000 Iranian security officers are believed to have been killed in clashes with smugglers since 1979 .
Yes , I know – it ’s the Daily Mail .
My UK friends tell me this is little more than a rag , not to be taken seriously .
But it ’s popular enough , and may in fact represent the attitudes of a portion of the public , that sometimes we have to address the claims that are made there .
In that way it is like the Huffington Post – a hopeless rag ( at least when it comes to science ) that sometimes needs a response .
This time the Daily Mail has published an incredible anti-science and anti-intellectual rant by reporter Andrew N Wilson .
The article is a discussion of the firing of science adviser , David Nutt , over his recommendations regarding recreational drugs .
The Guardian did a decent job of covering the controversy – but also had the moxy to run the headline – “ David Nutt Sacked . ”
Perhaps that does not mean the same thing in the UK as it does in the US – which is hilarious .
There are two issues here – the question of drug policy and how it should be informed by science , and the incredible reaction of Wilson .
Interestingly , I find myself siding ( just a bit ) with Wilson on some points , in that there is a kernel of truth to be had in his screed .
Here ’s the controversy in a nutt shell .
David Nutt produced a report comparing the risks to individuals and society of various substances , including tobacco , alcohol , marijuana , and ecstasy .
He concluded that the risk from the legal substances far outweighs the risk from the illegal ones .
I do n’t think these facts are much in dispute , but rather how these facts should inform policy .
The Guardian reports :
Richard Garside , director of the centre for crime and justice , said Nutt ’s briefing paper gave an insight into what drugs policy might look like if it was based on the research evidence rather than political or moral positioning .
Garside added : “ I ’m shocked and dismayed that the home secretary appears to believe that political calculation trumps honest and informed scientific opinion .
The message is that when it comes to the Home Office ’s relationship with the research community honest researchers should be seen but not heard .
I certainly agree that we would all be better off if honest and objective science informed public policy , rather than opinion and politics .
However ( here comes the kernel of truth ) science can only advise policy – not make it .
There are other concerns .
For example , alcohol definitely causes more illness and social harm than all illegal drugs combined , but banning it is simply impractical , as was demonstrated by prohibition , partly because of alcohol ’s place in the culture .
One might argue that alcohol should be banned , but it simply cannot be for practical reasons , but that does not mean that other drugs should therefore be legalized .
The whole question of legalization also deals with moral choices of freedom vs protecting people from themselves and protecting society from the vices of individuals .
There is also the question of whether the cost of regulating substances is “ worth ” any apparent benefit .
The point is – science can only inform policy on such issues , but political and moral choices also enter the picture .
It is not necessarily a simple matter of politics trumping science ( although , of course , that does happen ) but rather what is the balance between the two .
And to be clear , overall I think we need to shift the balance more towards scientifically informing public policy .
But that does not mean that every time more squishy social , moral , or practical concerns are brought to bear , that equals politics “ trumping ” science .
Everyone wants to have science on their side in an argument , and sometimes that card is overplayed .
To give my favorite example just to illustrate where I am coming from – the abortion issue will never be settled by science , although both sides like to pretend that science is on their side .
Yes – science can inform the discussion of whether or not abortion should be legal , in what circumstances , and should it be funded by governments .
But science alone cannot settle what is ultimately a personal moral choice .
Before we get to Wilson ’s absurd rant , I want to go into one more quick aside .
In researching his history ( to hopefully put him into perspective ) I ran across this interesting story , summarized in Wikipedia :
In August 2006 Wilson ’s biography of Sir John Betjeman was published .
It was then discovered that he had been the victim of a hoax and had included a letter ( to Anglo - Irish writer , Honor Tracy ) which purported to be by Betjeman detailing a previously unknown love affair , but which he acknowledged to be a fiction , when it was pointed out that it contained an acrostic spelling out an insulting message to him .
The letter was sent to Wilson by “ Eve de Harben ” , who then wrote to a journalist to reveal the hoax .
The acrostic spelt out “ AN Wilson is a shit ” and “ Eve de Harben ” is an anagram of “ Ever been had ” .
Bevis Hillier , Wilson ’s arch rival and Betjeman ’s authorised biographer , was an immediate suspect but initially denied all knowledge .
A week after the hoax was publicised , however , Hillier admitted responsibility , stating that “ When a newspaper started billing Wilson ’s book as ‘ the big one ’ , it was just too much . ”
So perhaps Wilson is not as rigorous a scholar as one would like .
But actually , his article in the Daily Mail does more to impugn his scholarship than falling victim to a hoax .
Wilson begins with the tiny kernel of legitimacy that science cannot solely dictate policy , and then builds that into a monumental straw man .
He portrays scientists like Nutt as “ gods of science ” who arrogantly want to rule the world , and cannot abide mere mortals questioning their wisdom .
Wilson ’s is a childish cartoon image bearing little on reality .
He misses all the nuance in this issue , and takes his unwieldy sledgehammer to it instead .
What Wilson is trying to do is actually similar to , but in the opposite direction , of what he is accusing Nutt of doing – whitewashing over a genuine controversy as if there is only one legitimate side .
While accusing Nutt of trying to elevate science to ultimate control , he is trying to denigrate science and intellectualism to irrelevancy .
It is a typical anti-intellectual strategy – dismiss the eggheads and clueless and megalomaniacal , the mad-scientists who populate children ’s cartoons but not reality .
Then , once you have dispensed with the scientists and intellectuals , you can push all your pseudoscientific nonsense on the public .
Wilson mischaracterizes
Nutt ’s report as being true only in the pristine lab , but not applying to the real world .
He completely misses the substance of Nutt ’s actual report , which considers the very real - world factors Wilson thinks are important .
Again ( without backing it up with rigorous scholarship )
Wilson is just dismissing egghead scientists as clueless nerds .
Wilson even compares Nutt to Hitler , while coyly stating he is not trying to do so .
He writes :
But I see the same habit of mind at work in Professor Nutt and his colleagues as made those mad scientists of the 20th century think they were above the moral law which governs the rest of us mortals .
I am sure you do .
But Wilson reveals himself most completely with the examples he gives of scientists bullying dissenters .
He writes :
In fact , it is the arrogant scientific establishment which questions free expression .
Think of the hoo - ha which occurred when one hospital doctor dared to question the wisdom of using the MMR vaccine .
Wrong , Wilson .
Andrew Wakefield was not vilified because he dared question conventional wisdom .
He also was not censored – he was published in the Lancet .
The backlash against Wakefield came after it came to light that he was compromised by gross conflicts of interest ( taking millions from trial lawyers to prove their cases ) , that his research was bogus and probably fraudulent .
Wakefield is a terrible researcher with questionable ethics who ushered in an MMR scare that caused much disease and suffering .
Wilson continues :
The point here is not whether he was right or wrong – it was the way in which the scientific establishment closed ranks in order to assassinate him .
Absolutely wrong – it has everything to do with the fact that Wakefield was wrong , and his methods were questionable .
But of course , you can make any legitimate scientific criticism into a conspiracy .
All you have to do is dispense with all intellectual and journalistic integrity .
Done and done .
He continues further :
There was a blanket denunciation of his heresy , just as there is if anyone dares to point out some of the mistakes made by that very fallible genius Charles Darwin .
Of course Darwin was fallible , and he made many mistakes .
There was much that was not yet known in Darwin ’s time .
I am going to now be denounced by my fellow scientists ( shudder ) ?
Real scientists do not worship Darwin , as the creationists like to pretend .
He was a genius who advanced scientific understanding considerably , but we have moved on with 150 years of advance since Darwin .
Evolutionary theory is a robust scientific endeavor .
Only creationists pretend it is all about Darwin the man – a straw man they can then take down ( and they even botch that ) .
But no legitimate points of contention about Darwinian evolution are denounced – they are fodder for research and advance .
What Wilson must be talking about are the fake criticisms leveled by creationists who do not understand evolutionary theory or the scientific process .
Creationist canards that have been dealt with decades ago are not “ mistakes ” that scientists are hiding .
In short , in this article Wilson has revealed himself as an anti-science and anti-intellectual buffoon .
But he represents a type of buffoonery that is all too common – the vilifying of science and scientists by those who want to be free from the constraints of facts and logic .
It is a subject that would make most governments blush , but officials in the Spanish region of Extremadura have launched a major programme to encourage what could be described as a more hands - on approach to sexuality .
The region 's socialist government has launched a € 14,000 ( £ 12,600 ) campaign aimed at teaching young people how best to set about " sexual self - exploration and the discovery of self - pleasure " – or to put it less delicately : masturbation .
" Pleasure is in your own hands " is the slogan of a campaign that has sparked political controversy and challenges traditional Roman Catholic views on people having sex , even on their own , for non-reproductive reasons .
" This is an intimate subject that should be dealt with at home , " complained local opposition leader Hernández Carrón of the rightwing People 's party .
" We have become the laughing stock of Spain . "
" They are interfering with the right of parents to educate their own children about a matter as important as their sexuality , " agreed the conservative Confederation of Fathers and Mothers of Schoolchildren .
Officials from the neighbouring region of Andalucia have expressed an interest in copying the programme .
The campaign includes leaflets , flyers , a " fanzine " and workshops for the young in which they receive instruction on self - pleasuring techniques along with advice on contraception and self - respect .
Extremadura 's government is funding the campaign through its youth and women 's affairs departments .
" The campaign is simple , clear , natural and easily understood by the people it is aimed at , who are aged between 14 and 17 , " said Laura Garrido , president of the Youth Council of Extremadura .
Commentators questioned why the poorest region in Spain was paying for a campaign to promote onanism .
" Extremadura should be pleased with itself , " sniped Pilar Rahola , a columnist in the Barcelona - based La Vanguardia newspaper .
" It may have the most unemployed young people in Spain , but they will be the best at masturbation . "
Theo Fleury acknowledges he was allegedly sexually abused by junior coach Graham James , a convicted sex offender , while he played for James , and attributes that to driving him to alcohol and drugs during his NHL career , according to a new autobiography making waves in the Canadian media .
The book , " Playing With Fire , " is Fleury 's first comment on the subject , which has been speculated about for years .
He also writes that he failed 13 drug tests during his career , but was never prevented from playing .
Fleury writes that James forced himself on Fleury during the player 's junior days in Winnipeg .
" Graham was on me once or twice a week for the next two years , " Fleury writes , according to several Canadian sources , including MacLeans .
" An absolute nightmare , every day of my life . "
NHL officials told ESPN.com they were not prepared to comment on the book 's allegations at this time .
James , a well - known Canadian junior hockey coach , served 3 ½ years in prison after being convicted of sexually abusing some of his players , including Sheldon Kennedy , the only player prior to Fleury to go public .
James currently coaches junior hockey in Europe .
Fleury writes that " the direct result of my being abused was that I became a f--- ing raging , alcoholic lunatic , " according to the report in MacLeans .
" I no longer had faith in myself or my own judgment , " Fleury writes .
" And when you come down to it , that 's all a person has .
Once it 's gone , how do you get it back ? "
He writes that he did n't tell anyone about his ordeal because he was afraid it would jeopardize his career .
" I could see how it would play , " Fleury writes .
" I would have been stigmatized forever as the kid who was molested by his coach .
The Victim . "
Fleury played in the NHL for 16 seasons , the first 11 with the Calgary Flames before a trade to Colorado .
Known as a feisty , fiery player , he had 1,840 penalty minutes in 1,084 career games and also scored 455 career goals .
Fleury 's last season in the NHL ( 2002-03 ) was spent with the Chicago Blackhawks ; he tried to come back at age 41 with the Flames in training camp this fall but was cut .
Kennedy , according to the Toronto Star , said : " I knew , but it was n't my place to say anything .
I made a commitment to myself I was n't blowing the whistle on anybody . "
Multigrain sufferers , as opposed to those with plain starch , have the best prognosis for living a normal life .
—
Did you know ?
Stuart and Lauren of the excellent webcomic , Chain Bear , just got married !
In celebration of this joyous occasion , we provided them with this guest comic starring the eponymous Chain Bear and his addiction to violence , entitled “ Chain Bear Slaps His Mom ” : check it out !
Congratulations guys !
- Ray
Last Few Lbs , Net Carbs vs Total Carbs , Ammonia / Urea Sweat , Help for a Cop , Sarcopenia
Make your health an act of rebellion .
Join The Healthy Rebellion Please Subscribe and Review : Apple Podcasts | RSS Submit your questions for the podcast here Show Notes : News topic du jour : Endotoxin May Not Be the Major Cause… Continue Reading
The University of Florida has removed an online link to a spoof disaster recovery exercise detailing how the institution could respond to an outbreak of zombies .
A spokesman said officials felt the joke " did n't really belong " on the official site , which also includes plans for dealing with hurricanes and pandemics .
The exercise laid out the university 's response to attacks by " flesh - eating , apparently life - impaired individuals " .
It noted that a zombie outbreak might include " documentation of lots of strange moaning " .
The spokesman said the employee responsible would not be punished .
Topics
NAME
svn-bisect
SYNOPSIS
$ svn-bisect start -- min 25000 -- max 26000 $ svn-bisect bad $ svn-bisect bad $ svn-bisect good [ etc etc ] $ svn-bisect reset
DESCRIPTION
This tool 's purpose is to help you determine which revision of a subversion repository contains a change .
It does this by employing a binary search .
It will manage the current revision of your checkout directory , and narrow in on the target revision , as you give it clues about the current revision such as " before " ( this revision is before the one you want ) or " after " ( this revision is after the one you want ) .
Start a bisect session with the " start " command .
Then , walk the binary tree by using the " before " and " after " commands .
When you are done , the tool will tell you the target revision .
The most common usage scenario is finding out which rev a bug was introduced in .
For this purpose , some command aliases have been added : if the current revision contains the bug , you can use the " bad " command ( meaning , this revision is " after " the change you want to find ) , otherwise use the " good " command ( meaning , this revision is " before " the change you want to find ) .
All commands should be run from within a subversion checkout directory .
After a " svn-bisect start " , all subsequent svn-bisect commands need to be run from that same directory .
SUBCOMMANDS
start
svn -bisect start [ -- min M ] [ -- max N ]
Start a new bisect session .
If -- min is n't specified , you can specify it later with the " good " command .
If -- max is n't specified , you can specify it later with the " bad " command .
after
svn-bisect after [ revision ] or : svn-bisect bad [ revision ]
Inform svn-bisect that the specified revision is * after * the change we 're looking for .
If you do n't specify a revision number , the current revision of the working tree is used .
If you are looking for the rev which introduced a bug ( which is the common case ) , the alias " bad " might be easier to remember .
before
svn-bisect before [ revision ] or : svn-bisect good [ revision ]
Inform svn-bisect that the specified revision is * before * the change we 're looking for .
If you do n't specify a revision number , the current revision of the working tree is used .
If you are looking for the rev which introduced a bug ( which is the common case ) , the alias " good " might be easier to remember .
skip
svn -bisect skip [ < rev > [ < rev >... ] ]
Tell svn-bisect to skip the specified revision .
If no revision is specified , the current version of the working tree is used .
Do this if you can't determine whether the current revision is bad or good , if , for instance , some other issue prevents it from compiling successfully .
You may specify more than one revision , and they will all be skipped .
unskip
svn-bisect unskip < rev > [ < rev >...]
Tell svn-bisect to no longer skip the specified revision .
You must specify at least one revision to unskip .
If you specify more than one , they will all be unskipped .
reset
svn-bisect reset
Clean up after a bisect , and return the repository to the revision it was at before you started .
help
svn -bisect help svn-bisect help start
Gives you some useful descriptions and usage information .
EXAMPLE
... Because , you know , no software documentation is complete without a flashy screenshot , these days .
So , lets say you were wondering when the subversion project added the " Last Changed Rev : " line to the output of " svn info " .
Determining the existence of this change is a straightforward matter of searching for the text string ... if a result was found , the current revision is " after " , otherwise it was " before " .
So a bisect looks like this :
$ svn co http://svn.collab.net/repos/svn/trunk/subversion [ snip lots of svn checkout spam ]
Checked out revision 30958 .
$ cd subversion $ ack -- nocolor -- nogroup ' Last Changed Rev ' svn / info - cmd .
c:351 : SVN_ERR(svn_cmdline_printf(pool , _(" Last Changed Rev : %ld
" ) , $ date Fri May 2 12:52:20 PDT 2008 $ svn-bisect start
There are 13853 revs left in the pool .
Choosing r15480 . $ ack -- nocolor -- nogroup ' Last Changed Rev ' clients / cmdline/info-cmd.c:137 : SVN_ERR ( svn_cmdline_printf ( pool , _(" Last Changed Rev : %ld
" ) , $ svn-bisect after There are 6926 revs left in the pool .
Choosing r6010 . $ ack -- nocolor -- nogroup ' Last Changed Rev ' clients / cmdline/info-cmd.c:158 : printf ( " Last Changed Rev : % " SVN_REVNUM_T_FMT "
" , entry -> cmt_rev ) ; $ svn-bisect after There are 3463 revs left in the pool .
Choosing r2481 . $ ack -- nocolor -- nogroup ' Last Changed Rev ' clients / cmdline/info-cmd.c:153 : printf ( " Last Changed Rev : % " SVN_REVNUM_T_FMT "
" , entry -> cmt_rev ) ; $ svn-bisect after There are 1731 revs left in the pool .
Choosing r1168 . $ ack -- nocolor -- nogroup ' Last Changed Rev' $ svn-bisect before
There are 865 revs left in the pool .
Choosing r1800 .
$ ack -- nocolor -- nogroup ' Last Changed Rev' $ svn-bisect before
There are 432 revs left in the pool .
Choosing r2127 . $ ack -- nocolor -- nogroup ' Last Changed Rev ' clients / cmdline/info-cmd.c:161 : printf ( " Last Changed Rev : %" SVN_REVNUM_T_FMT "
" , entry -> cmt_rev ) ; $ svn-bisect after There are 216 revs left in the pool .
Choosing r1961 . $ ack -- nocolor -- nogroup ' Last Changed Rev ' clients / cmdline/info-cmd.c:161 : printf ( " Last Changed Rev : % " SVN_REVNUM_T_FMT "
" , entry -> cmt_rev ) ; $ svn-bisect after There are 108 revs left in the pool .
Choosing r1881 . $ ack -- nocolor -- nogroup ' Last Changed Rev ' clients / cmdline/info-cmd.c:161 : printf ( " Last Changed Rev : % " SVN_REVNUM_T_FMT "
" , entry -> cmt_rev ) ; $ svn-bisect after There are 54 revs left in the pool .
Choosing r1845 . $ ack -- nocolor -- nogroup ' Last Changed Rev ' clients / cmdline/info-cmd.c:150 : printf ( " Last Changed Rev : %ld
" , entry -> cmt_rev ) ; $ svn-bisect after There are 27 revs left in the pool .
Choosing r1827 . $ ack -- nocolor -- nogroup ' Last Changed Rev ' clients / cmdline/info-cmd.c:150 : printf ( " Last Changed Rev : %ld
" , entry -> cmt_rev ) ; $ svn-bisect after There are 13 revs left in the pool .
Choosing r1809 .
$ ack -- nocolor -- nogroup ' Last Changed Rev ' clients / cmdline/info-cmd.c:153 : printf ( " Last Changed Rev : %ld
" , entry -> cmt_rev ) ; $ svn-bisect after There are 6 revs left in the pool .
Choosing r1806 .
$ ack -- nocolor -- nogroup ' Last Changed Rev' $ svn-bisect before
There are 2 revs left in the pool .
Choosing r1808 .
$ ack -- nocolor -- nogroup ' Last Changed Rev' $ svn-bisect before
This is the end of the road !
The change occurred in r1809 .
$ svn log - r1809 ------------------------------------------------------------------------
r1809 | rooneg | 2002-04-27 12:23:38 -0700 ( Sat , 27 Apr 2002 ) | 30 lines
As requested by cmpilato in issue # 676 , add an ' svn info ' command , which prints out the contents of the svn_wc_entry_t for a given versioned resource .
* CHANGES note the addition of the ' svn info ' command .
* subversion / clients / cmdline / cl.h add declaration for svn_cl__info .
* subversion / clients / cmdline/info-cmd.c new file implementing the info command .
* subversion / clients / cmdline / main.c hook up the info command .
* subversion / clients / cmdline / man/svn.1 document the info command .
* subversion / tests/clients/cmdline/getopt_tests_data/svn--help_stdout update for the addition of info command .
* subversion / tests/clients/cmdline/getopt_tests_data/svn_help_stdout ditto . * subversion / tests/clients/cmdline/getopt_tests_data/svn_stderr ditto .
* tools / dev/bash_completion add ' info ' to the tab completion .
------------------------------------------------------------------------ $ date Fri May 2 12:56:00 PDT
2008
So , there it is .
In 4 minutes , we 've learned that " Last Changed Rev : " has been in there since the inception of the " svn info " command itself , back in 2002 .
REQUIREMENTS
This tool requires :
* A computer
* A brain
* An installation of Perl , version 5.8 or above
* The IO : : All module , installed from CPAN
* The YAML :: Syck module , installed from CPAN
* The " svn " command somewhere in your PATH , executable by the current user
* A svn checkout with some history to bisect .
AUTHOR
Mark Glines < mark-cpan@glines.org >
REPOSITORY
Browser : http://github.com/Infinoid/svn-bisect/
Clone : git://github.com/Infinoid/svn-bisect.git
THANKS
* Thanks to the git- bisect author(s ) , for coming up with a user interface that I actually like .
* Thanks to Will Coleda for inspiring me to actually write and release this .
* Thanks to the Parrot project for having so much random stuff going on as to make a tool like this necessary .
SEE ALSO
App::SVNBinarySearch by Will Coleda : http://search.cpan.org/dist/App-SVNBinarySearch/
COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE
This software is copyright ( c ) 2008 Mark Glines .
It is distributed under the terms of the Artistic License 2.0 .
For details , see the " LICENSE " file packaged alongside this tool .
El Salvadorean Orphan Comes into Luck After Tragedy
Juan Manuel Pineda has been through so much trauma it could make you cry just thinking about it .
But thanks to some generous strangers , his luck has turned for the better , and he recently achieved his dream of performing in a rock show onstage .
For Juan Manuel Pineda , it was a long journey to the stage of Chicago ’s Green Dolphin Street club , where he held his first live solo performance on October 15th to roaring applause .
His saga began in El Salvador , where he was born with a cleft palate , barely able to speak .
His luck only got worse from there : at age 2 , his family ’s home burned down .
While Pineda was rescued in time , he was left with third degree burns on much of his body , and his legs needed to be amputated .
His mother died when he was 8 , and he spent years on the streets before being taken in by an orphanage , Our Little Brothers and Sisters .
Finally , at the orphanage , Pineda began to receive support and encouragement .
He taught himself to play guitar , finding solace in the songs of Aerosmith and other rock bands .
He began to perform with other musicians from his orphanage , and held a series of fundraising concerts to draw attention to their cause .
One such event brought the group to Chicago , where Pineda , then 18 , caught the attention of audience members , who wondered what they could do to help him .
Quite a bit , as it turned out : Shriners Hospitals offered him free medical care , with two top surgeons providing their own services on a volunteer basis .
A charity group called the Mulliganeers agreed to foot the bill for Pineda ’s flights to and from El Salvador .
While recuperating in the hospital , Pineda picked up his guitar , and in the three years since the start of his ongoing medical treatment , he ’s barely put it down .
He began writing music , and wondered if he might be able to record his own album .
Soon , a recording studio offered to donate time in the studio , and with help from producer Nick Vitogiannes , Pineda ’s debut effort , “ The Sound of Gratitude ” , was born .
So , on October 15th , Pineda went onstage at a Chicago club to play his new songs to strangers , and to the friends who had helped him come so far .
Reflecting on his experiences before the show , Pineda was amazed that he had come into such good fortune , after enduring so many years of hardship .
“ We have a saying in El Salvador , ‘ Suffer first , then enjoy . ’
I guess that ’s what ’s happening , ” he told the Chicago Tribune .
Demonstrators are likely to be chanting ' death to the dictatorship ' as well as ' death to America ' at this year 's rallies
November 4 has been a big day in Iran for the past 30 years — ever since the " students following the imam 's line " stormed and seized the American embassy in Tehran in one of the most memorable moments of the Islamic revolution of 1979 .
The unremarkable brick building that Tehran taxi drivers still universally identify as the " nest of spies " is the scene of annual mass rallies designed to highlight the regime 's enduring hostility to the United States .
But today 's ritual protests against " global arrogance " could turn into one of the biggest displays of opposition to the Iranian government since President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad claimed victory in last summer 's disputed elections .
Mir Hossein Mousavi , the man who says he won in June , plans to exploit the occasion to remind Iranians – and the world – that the flame of democracy has not been extinguished despite a crackdown that has seen about 70 dead , thousands of arrests , show trials , a gagged media , divisions at the top and a profound crisis about the legitimacy of the Islamic system .
November 4 , Mousavi told his supporters this week , was a " rendezvous so we would remember anew that among us it is the people who are the leaders " .
In response , the Revolutionary Guards have been warning Iranians to " exercise vigilance in regard to the likelihood of mischief and plots by the enemy 's agents and some unaware and misguided people " .
Other elements of the regime , including the powerful Guardian Council , have reinforced the message that protests are the work of malcontents linked to " foreign oppressors " .
This is the old insinuation that if it were not for sinister outsiders fomenting trouble , Iranians would be perfectly happy .
English - language Press - TV has warned of " foreign media hype " .
The scale of these warnings seems to suggest that the authorities are worried .
Mousavi and other leaders of the Green movement hope to repeat a trick they pulled off in mid-September , when their supporters succeeded in partially hijacking the annual al - Qods ( Jerusalem ) day celebrations , which expresses solidarity with the Palestinians .
The logic of these moves is that since the government will never cancel such iconic occasions in the revolutionary calendar they should be exploited to stage demonstrations .
The prospect , then , is of pro-reform protesters festooned in green chanting " Death to dictatorship " instead of the more familiar " Death to America " .
Disinformation seems to be playing a part in countermeasures undertaken by the security forces .
Reformist websites have called on people to ignore reports of protests planned outside the Russian embassy , ostensibly to protest at Moscow 's speedy recognition of Ahmadinejad 's disputed " victory " , and of plans by the licensed thugs of the Basij militia to storm the British embassy compound in the next street .
Iran -watchers and analysts at home and abroad say today 's " nest of spies " events could be a test of how hard the regime is prepared to crack down again after a period of relative calm in recent weeks — and perhaps provide some clues about apparent disagreements between hardliners and more pragmatic elements .
Another point to watch is the coherence of the Greens ' leadership : what is the role of Mehdi Karroubi , another defeated reformist candidate , and of Mohammed Khatami , the former president whom Ahmadinejad defeated in 2005 ?
Zahra Rahnavard , Mousavi 's popular wife , struck a defiant tone earlier this week by demanding the release of all women detainees .
Students have been organising in force across the country – an ominous reminder to the authorities of the crucial role the universities played in protests back in 1979 .
International interest in Iran 's internal situation has faded recently – not least because of the expulsion of almost all non-Iranian journalists and severe restrictions imposed on the few who remain .
But the US and other western governments will be watching carefully to see if the domestic situation has an impact on the stand - off over Iran 's nuclear ambitions – a far higher priority for them than prospects for internal change .
Following the usual script , pro-government media have been accusing Greens of trying to influence the nuclear talks , with heavy hints of treachery and links with the US .
Some have spoken out on this issue and other aspects of Iranian foreign policy .
But few have gone as far as the exiled film - maker and Mousavi spokesman , Mohsen Makhmalbaf , who has publicly apologised for the takeover of the " nest of spies " and even urged President Barack Obama to designate November 4 as a day of friendship between the US and Iran .
The Daily Show ’s Jon Stewart is outraged that the Democratic Party can’t seem to pass meaningful health care reform even with a super - majority in Congress .
“ Three years ago , the Democrats in our federal government lived in legislative exile , ” Stewart began .
“ But all that changed in 2006 when the Democrats regained control of this nation ’s House of Representatives and its Senate . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ And with that control , ” he went on , “ they still failed … to get anything .
Basically , the Democrats seem like the kind of people who switch to Geico and lose money . ”
“ But it ’s really only because until recently they did n’t have that one thing that would finally allow them to execute their agenda , ” Stewart continued more hopefully .
He played a series of clips from earlier this year of tv news reporters predicting that with the election of Sen .
Al Franken , there would be a “ Democratic Super Majority ” which “ Republicans would be powerless to stop ” and which would give Obama “ the power to steamroll his agenda through the Senate . ”
After that buildup , Stewart appeared dumbfounded that the Democrats were still unable to get a public option for health care through the Senate Finance Committee .
“ For God ’s sake , Democrats , ” he moaned , “ they ’re countering your arguments with nonsense and crushing you . ”
As an example of Republican nonsense , Stewart showed Sen .
John Ensign claiming that even though the US has the 19th worst preventable death rate in the world , “ If you take out accidental deaths due to car accidents , and you take out gun deaths , because we have a lot — you know we like our guns in the United States … we actually do better as far as survival rates . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I imagine also if you took out Senator Ensign ’s long - term affair with a staffer from his marriage , that makes you nearly monogamous , ” Stewart remarked .
Stewart then played a clip of Democratic Finance Committee member Charles Schumer claiming after the defeat of his public option amendment , “ We ’re feeling good and all of us are pleasantly surprised that we ’re making progress . ”
“ Well , then you ’re fucking idiots , ” Stewart yelled .
“ You must be out of your minds ! ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Stewart turned for insight to Wyatt Cenac , who told him , “ This is grand master chess .
The Finance Committee has rejected the public option so the Democrats can now keep it alive in a joint meeting with the Health Committee — where it can get killed again in a larger , more humiliating forum . …
They ’re thinking three failures ahead . ”
This video is from Comedy Central ’s The Daily Show , broadcast Sept. 30 , 2009 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement One of Europe 's busiest diagonal crossings has opened in central London 's Oxford Circus .
Based on crossings in Tokyo , the new design stops traffic in all directions , allowing shoppers to cross diagonally in an " X " as well as straight ahead .
The £ 5 m junction is able to handle double the number of pedestrians and ease overcrowding at the busy intersection .
London Mayor Boris Johnson unveiled the crossing by striking a gong .
' Head scratching '
In homage to its Far Eastern inspiration , Mr Johnson struck a 2 m high gong as Japanese musicians played taiko drums .
A giant X , in the form of 60 m ( 196 ft ) of red ribbon was also unfurled by devotees of cult Japanese Manga characters dressed in colourful costumes .
Mr Johnson said the crossing , controlled by traffic lights , was " a triumph for British engineering , Japanese innovation and good old fashioned common sense " .
Easier access to Oxford Circus
Tube station will benefit many thousands of passengers who use the station each day
Peter Hendy , London 's Transport Commissioner
" The head scratching frustration caused by the previous design is over and we 've brought one of the world 's greatest crossroads into the twenty - first century , " he added .
Oxford Circus is one of the most popular destinations in the world , with more than 200 million visitors a year .
Street clutter and barriers at the junction of Oxford Street and Regent Street have been removed , giving shoppers and workers that visit annually around 70 % more freedom to move .
As part of the works , more than 500 m ( 1,640 ft ) of both Regent Street and Oxford Street are being redesigned with wider pavements and new lighting .
The redesign doubles the amount of pavement and creates more space around the exits to Oxford Circus Tube station .
" Easier access to Oxford Circus Tube station will benefit many thousands of passengers who use the station each day , " said London 's Transport Commissioner Peter Hendy .
The revamped crossing reopens in time for the switching on of the Regent Street and Oxford Street Christmas lights on 3 November .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
CUYAHOGA FALLS , Ohio – Following a pipe bomb explosion Monday night , police and federal law enforcement officials are trying to figure why a Center Avenue man turned his apartment into a bomb factory .
Police said no charges have been filed against Mark Campano , 56 .
Police found 30 completed pipe bombs in his apartment along with components to make more , plus 17 guns and hundreds of rounds of ammunition .
Campano is in an Akron hospital with injuries received when one of the bombs exploded .
As police and federal authorities puzzle over Campano 's past and what he planned to do with the bombs , a former neighbor said Campano often railed against the government .
Barbara Vachon lived next door to Campano at the Center Park Place Apartments for several years and said he was a big reason she moved .
" He was always trying to get me and another neighbor to listen to anti-government tapes and watch anti-government videos , " said Vachon .
" I would never watch them .
He was some kind of radical , and he did n't believe in the government . "
She said there were other warnings .
" There were a few times I heard minor explosions from outside the apartment building , and he would scream that he had hurt himself , " she said .
" I never knew what he was up to . "
Vachon said Campano seemed to be most active at night .
" There was a steady stream of creepy visitors going in and out of his apartment , " she said .
The Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms is also investigating the case .
" We do n't know what his intention was , but what he had in that apartment could cause real damage , " said Cuyahoga Falls Sgt. Gary Merton Jr. " We expected to find a meth lab after we heard about the explosion , but our guys were surprised at what they found . "
Police evacuated all 30 apartment units .
Damage was limited to Campano 's apartment .
Campano was reported in good condition today in Akron General Medical Center with injuries to a hand .
He could not be reached for comment .
Campano is a former anesthesiologist who lost his medical license in 2005 because of an addiction to the drug clonidine , according to state records .
He had similar problems with the drug as far back as 1994 when he was cited by the West Virginia Board of Medicine .
Before moving to Cuyahoga Falls , Campano lived in Dover , Ohio ; South Charleston , W. Va. ; Cleveland Heights ; Dayton and Miami , Fla .
ATF officials were reluctant to discuss the case .
" Analysts are trying to determine the strength and explosive capacity of the pipe bombs found , " said spokesman Kim Riddell .
" Pipe bombs can be very dangerous .
The explosive powder used to create them can be deadly . "
" We believe that overwhelming evidence , conveniently ignored by leading Commonwealth states , demonstrates that the government of Rwanda is not sufficiently committed to the protection of human rights and to democracy , " he wrote in a report for the Commonwealth Human Rights Initiative .
Staring at the brick wall above the fireplace , I see three faces .
The one on the left has a yellow nose and a green turtle where its mouth should be .
The one in the middle is heavily tattooed in a floral pattern .
The one on the right has a mouth opened wide in surprise , perhaps because an armadillo is standing on top of its head .
These would be pretty cool Salvia divinorum visions , but they 're actually wooden Indonesian masks that I bought at World Market .
This is my second experiment with Daniel Siebert 's Sage Goddess Emerald Essence ( $ 65 for half an ounce ) , and the effects are once again a little too subtle for my taste .
There is a definite sense that things are different , but exactly how is n't clear .
The most articulable effect is a distortion of time , with an hour flying by in what seems like a few minutes .
The experience is especially disappointing because getting there is so unpleasant .
The alcohol - based tincture tastes awful , like chlorophyll mixed with gasoline , and it stings , even when diluted ( per the instructions ) with a bit of water .
Your first impulse upon squirting it into your mouth with the dropper is to spit it out .
That is also your second and third impulse .
But instead you 're supposed to swish it around to thoroughly coat the inside of your mouth , then let it pool under your tongue for 15 minutes .
Unfortunately , this is before the time distortion kicks in .
The " staggered dose method " is slightly less arduous .
It involves holding one - third of the dose at a time , four minutes each .
That way your mouth gets a brief break before the torture resumes .
The directions warn that you do n't want to dilute the tincture too much with your spit , but salivation seems to be an involuntary response to having something this disgusting in your mouth , so you end up with a mouthful of green fluid by the end .
" If you prefer , " the instructions say , " you can spit out the tincture , rather than swallowing it . "
I prefer .
The smoked method is much easier , especially with a water pipe , and more rewarding .
Within a few seconds the world is vibrating , reverberating , echoing .
Familiar objects are transformed .
Looking down at my bent leg , I see a stoop on a city block lined with brownstones .
Beyond the cityscape , the shoes sitting on the floor of my office resemble comical cartoon characters .
Looking out the window , I stare at the knot on an oak tree , where I see the head of a human - sized cat wearing a knight 's helmet , a wizard with a flowing beard , and a wolf with glowing eyes .
I can make the images shift at will .
On another occasion , I return from a salvia trip with two firm convictions .
One is that my bong glows in the dark , which does not seem to be true .
The other , which I wrote down immediately afterward so I would not forget it , is this : " Arthbayim roomshalook . "
I can't vouch for the spelling .
I am using Siebert 's " regular strength enhanced leaf " ( $ 65 per gram ) , which is supposed to be about six times as strong as the natural plant , and I am aware that the visions are drug effects .
But it is not hard to see how someone using the " 20 x , " " 40 x , " or " 60 x " leaf sold by Siebert 's competitors ( at much lower prices ) might lose sight of that fact , especially if he did n't adjust his dose accordingly .
Even at 6 x , the effects are interesting enough that I would try it again , although I 'd prefer mushrooms or LSD if they were easier to get .
I tend to agree with Rick Doblin , president of the Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies , who says salvia can trigger " a peacefulness and an expansiveness , " but the experience is not " as profound or deep " as those offered by other psychedelics .
" Its popularity has been increasing because so many other things were banned , " he says .
" Very few people would be going to salvia if they had alternatives . "
Jacob Sullum is a senior editor at Reason magazine .
In a world of darkness , I am a messenger .
When I look around , I see myself surrounded by turmoil and anguish , a world where most people live out their lives in inner anguish .
From birth to death , the majority of humanity is ever - anxious , never satisfied , always searching and striving for something more .
But I know what it is they seek .
I was like them once , but then I found it myself – once and for all , I broke through and found peace .
Now I have come back to spread this good news , to set my fellow people free with the truth of the message I bear .
I do n’t claim to be anyone special – just a human being – but I ’ve discovered another way , a higher way .
A better way , free of the darkness that most people are lost in .
It is the way that all people seek , though many of them do not realize it themselves .
Just look at them – going about every day sunk in misery .
How can they stand it for another moment ?
The despair , the bleakness , the hopelessness – it ’s more than anyone should have to bear .
My heart aches for those poor souls .
All I want is to enlighten them to the truth , to set them free from their self - imposed prisons ; I want to open their eyes .
But they do n’t want to listen to me .
Incredible as it may seem , they ’d prefer to stay trapped in the darkness they ’ve created for themselves , no matter how miserable and depressed it makes them .
They ca n’t change their minds now , because they ’re too proud , too stubborn , to admit that they were ever wrong .
It ’s a real shame , on the overall .
I genuinely pity those theists .
By way of disclaimer , the above paragraphs are , of course , only for rhetorical effect .
I am perfectly aware that most theists do n’t feel the way I describe .
But the thing is , they should .
Surely this is a curious position for an atheist to take .
After all , this argument is almost invariably used the other way around , against atheists by theists .
According to some of them , we ’re the ones who are lost in darkness or sunk in misery , who suffer from bleakness and hopelessness , who are locked in self - imposed prisons , etc. , etc. – or at least , we should be , since we either do n’t know the love of God , or know it but reject it out of pride and stubbornness because we do n’t want to admit that we were wrong .
This is not true , of course .
In fact , as an atheist , I find my life to be full of light , freedom and hope – I have chosen to live it so .
Likewise , I am perfectly content with the people I love , who actually make themselves known to me and take action to help me when I need it .
I have never needed the invisible and indifferent love of an unseen deity , nor have I ever had the least perception that such a thing even existed .
Theists who say otherwise are using an argument that is logically flawed at the core – an example of psychological projection .
Those theists who use this argument are simply too set in their ways , too brainwashed , to even accept the concept that there is someone who genuinely does not believe in their god – honest nonbelief threatens their worldview , because it raises the ( for them ) intolerable possibility that they might be wrong .
Therefore , they impute psychological prejudices to those who believe differently , and try to reason out why they would say such things .
Of course , since they do believe in a god , they would have to knowingly live a lie to say otherwise .
But for atheists , free of the illusions of religion , the same is not true of us .
There is , however , a very good reason why anyone who believes in a deity should feel the way described at the beginning of this article .
Consider a shell game , such as one might see in a traveling carnival .
There are three identical hollow shells on a tabletop .
The barker places a pea under one shell , then slides all three around , swapping them back and forth faster than the eye can follow .
The objective is to guess which shell the pea ends up under .
In theory , it seems like a fair game .
Even if you lose track of the pea , you still have a one - in - three chance of winning by picking a shell at random .
But what if the game was different – what if , instead of three shells , there were thousands , and the barker was quick - fingered enough to switch all of them around at once ?
The odds of winning would be almost zero .
And what if the stakes were higher – what if there was a million - dollar bet riding on whether you could correctly find the single pea hidden under one of those thousand shells ?
And , finally , what if participation in the game was n’t voluntary ?
What if you were seized by the employees the instant you entered the carnival , dragged off to this booth and forced to wager a million dollars of your own money on whether you could win this impossibly difficult challenge ?
That would be incredibly unfair , would n’t it ?
The facts are these .
There are literally thousands of religions in the world .
Some are very similar to each other , even to the point of relying on the same holy books and diverging on only a few minor issues of doctrine or interpretation .
Others are wildly dissimilar , differing on every detail of significance .
All of them , however , are mutually exclusive .
No one is a member of more than one religion .
Despite their differences , all religions have a few things in common .
They all involve belief in one or more gods or other supernatural beings .
They all address the issue of the afterlife and what happens to us after death .
They all set rules for behavior that their adherents are expected to follow , and they all specify consequences for breaking those rules .
The exact consequences vary from religion to religion , of course , but as a general rule , none are pleasant .
Many Eastern religions state that those who commit evil deeds in this life will be reborn into a lower social caste , or even a non -human life form , where they will have to work off their bad karma .
Buddhism says that those who fail to extinguish the three flames of hatred , greed and ignorance will remain bound to the wheel of reincarnation , trapped in lives full of suffering .
But those fates , while hardly desirable , pale in comparison to the punishment that some Western religions say awaits sinners – to be cast , upon death , into Hell , a horrible , fiery pit where the damned soul will suffer and be tormented for eternity , with no hope of release or escape .
Of the thousands of religions in the world , some must be right and others wrong , simply because they all make differing and mutually exclusive claims concerning the nature of God , the path to salvation , the description of the afterlife , and so on .
No one is a member of more than one religion .
Every religion sets rules for behavior , usually accompanied by threats of punishment – in the case of some religions , horrible , agonizing , everlasting punishment – for breaking those rules .
And lastly , and most importantly , a large number of religions state that failure to believe in that religion is a transgression of the rules worthy of punishment .
Some sects of Protestant Christians , for example , believe that the only people who will get into Heaven are those who repent and accept Jesus Christ into their hearts as their personal savior , specifically acknowledging his deity and rejecting all other religions .
Without exception , these Christians say , anyone who does not do this is damned .
Religion is a cosmic shell game .
If theism – any brand of theism – is true , then the universe is just a shell game at a rigged carnival , with God the barker whirling the pea of the One True Religion around under one of thousands of identical shells .
Out of all those multitudes of faiths , the reward for picking the right one is an eternity of bliss and happiness .
Failure to pick the correct one instead merits an eternity of torture .
And your participation in the game is not voluntary .
This , to put it lightly , is monstrously unfair .
How can we be expected to make that determination ?
How is it fair to ask – to demand – that we sort through this morass of religious confusion and come to the correct choice ?
The diversity of beliefs , creeds and practices to choose from is truly enormous .
There are polytheists and animists who believe in dozens , hundreds , or millions of gods ; there are strict monotheists who believe in only one god ; there are Trinitarian Christians who believe something in between .
There are pantheists and Spinozans who believe that the universe itself is God , pagans who believe that specific objects within the universe are gods , and monotheists who believe in a transcendent god separate from the universe .
There are religions that believe in human free will , others that advocate predestination ; there are those that preach the necessity of salvation by good works and obedience to law and tradition , while others believe that redemption comes only through a single act of faith .
There are religions that believe in the inerrancy of their holy book and the necessity of thorough study and learning of its teachings , while others say that human language is only an impediment , unable to grasp or transmit the essence of ultimate truth .
There are religions that teach love , charity and compassion , and there are those that promote hatred , bloodshed and division .
There are religions so lucid and rational that believing in them is hardly different from not believing at all , and there are religions whose beliefs and practices are utterly bizarre , with theologies that resemble hallucinations , fever dreams , or bad science fiction B - movies .
( It is a given that every religion has at least some members who think their own faith falls firmly into the former category and all others into the latter . )
Granted , not all religions are completely disjoint ; however , the similarities between competing traditions often serve only to cast their differences into sharper relief .
For example , there are religions that use the exact same holy book and believe in the exact same god , differing only on a few minor details of interpretation – yet members of each one hold that members of the other are hopelessly condemned .
There are religions that claim to be updated versions of other religions , while the original religions those religions were based on claim that they are still the genuine article and denounce their successors as false upstarts trying to steal their thunder .
There are religions whose stories are so alike that one must have been copied from the other , but advocates of each claim that it is the original and the other is the fraud .
And why confine ourselves to current religions ?
It is entirely possible that the true religion was a now - extinct faith .
Nor can we discount religions because they do not have many followers , because they are too new ( or too old ) , or because they are practiced only by people considered primitive by modern standards .
Especially , we cannot use subjective personal standards of what ’s too outlandish to be true .
( One man ’s trash is another man ’s treasure , as mentioned above . )
All of these things are logically irrelevant to the question of the truth of a particular belief system , and we cannot assume anything at the outset – we must begin with the null hypothesis that all religions have an equal chance of being correct .
Only then can we begin to eliminate possibilities by careful examination of the evidence .
But there is another problem we will encounter if we try to do this .
No religion can be conclusively proven or disproven by the evidence alone – believers of most , if not all , traditions would agree that , no matter what they feel the facts show , in the end you still have to make a leap of faith .
If it were otherwise , religion would not be religion , but science .
However , if this is the case , we can never eliminate any religion from consideration .
Some may require greater leaps of faith than others , but they would all stand a chance of being right regardless of the evidence arrayed for or against them .
Unfalsifiable God hypotheses could always be invoked to fill the gaps between supportive facts or explain away any contrary ones .
Believers could hypothesize that their deity deliberately withheld evidence , or even created false evidence , as a test of their faith , or for unknowable reasons of its own .
Many religions do not even attempt to marshal evidence in favor of their claims , but simply postulate the existence of another world beyond our own whose existence must be accepted on faith alone .
Thus , any effort to rationally determine which is the true religion is doomed before it begins .
The rules of scientific analysis are stymied by a barrier of faith , and any honest seeker after truth is trapped , hopelessly mired in a swamp of religious confusion .
And even if we could somehow overcome the barrier of faith – even if we really did have some way to objectively determine which religions were true and which were false – what guarantee would we have that there would be anything left at the end ?
We might methodically cut away the thicket of false religions only to find that we had eliminated all of them and had nothing left over .
In that case , the true “ religion ” would be atheism .
The religions on this planet cannot all be right – but they could all be wrong !
No religion is different from all the rest .
No religion stands out from the crowd .
How can we even begin to sort through this mess ?
It is impossible .
Even if we confine ourselves to those religions which anchor themselves in the facts , it would take a lifetime of study to make a comprehensive survey of the evidence for the claims of even one – never mind thousands – and almost no one attempts even that much , even for their belief system of choice .
It is simply too much , too hard , to ask human beings with their brief lifespans of threescore and ten years to make this choice .
There are too many options , too much confusion , too many religions competing and no way to discriminate among them .
Their similarities are so similar , and their differences so different , that there is no good reason to prefer any one over all the others .
Anyone who picks one religion is doing little more than guessing .
This is why the followers of any religion should be sunk in despair .
Much like the hapless mark who completely loses track of the pea and picks a shell at random , they are making a decision based on guesswork ( or upbringing , or a desire to belong , or any one of a hundred other reasons that are logically irrelevant to the truth of a particular belief system ) .
But if this decision is the wrong one , it could well cost them their immortal soul .
How could anyone function like that , living with the threat of eternal punishment constantly hanging over their head ?
How could a theist not be tortured by doubt every waking moment ?
Why are they not obsessed with worry that they chose wrongly and are widening the rift between themselves and the true god(s ) every day ?
( As Homer Simpson once said , “ What if we picked the wrong religion ?
Every time we go to church we ’re just making God madder and madder ! ” )
Of course , few if any theists do feel this way .
In fact , if anything , they are less prone to doubt and skepticism than atheists .
They rarely worry that they have chosen wrongly and usually trust their own religion implicitly , even in the face of the evidence .
This apparent contradiction can only be explained by that miracle of applied cognitive dissonance called faith .
But the fact remains that faith is the only reason why people prefer one religion over all the others – and this is not much of a reason , considering that every religion has its zealots and fundamentalists who believe just as ardently as the zealots of every other .
This purely subjective determinant is no way to make such a crucial choice .
Faith may help us believe , but it can not tell us what to believe .
But the argument from religious confusion does more than undercut the theist ’s basis for belief – it goes straight through and bears on the question of the existence of God himself .
Why , if God exists , would he make it so difficult for people to find him by allowing so many false religions to come into being ?
Why would he cloak himself in such a surfeit of wildly disparate and hopelessly contradictory traditions ?
And why would he allow some traditions to dominate in some areas and others to become dominant elsewhere , putting those people who are born into times and places ruled by false religions at an enormous disadvantage for finding him ?
( “ The Argument from Locality ” addresses this consideration further . )
For God to camouflage the true path to himself in a sea of indistinguishable decoys , and then demand that every human being overcome this vast Babel of religious confusion and choose correctly , seems more like a cruel prank than the saving benevolence of an all - wise deity .
If he does not exist , and if these manyfold religions are simply the inventions of humanity , our situation is perfectly understandable .
But a carnival - scam - artist god who would do his utmost to conceal the truth from us under a thousand whirling shells – is this what we are to believe in ?
Is there any other option ?
Must we participate in this cosmic shell game ?
Of course , there is another option , and no , we need not participate .
We can withdraw from the game entirely .
We can walk away and ignore the tantalizing cries of the barker who promises you unimaginable rewards if only you can play his game and win .
We can begin anew , living lives full of promise and unfettered by the fear and superstition of yesterday .
We can experience life to the fullest , as it was meant to be lived – reverently , full of wonder and awe .
We can drink in the world in all its beauty , thankful every day for the miracles of life and consciousness that allow us to be here in the universe , even if only for a brief time .
This is the true meaning of atheism .
By Robert Samuelson - October 26 , 2009
WASHINGTON --
In the health care debate , the " public plan " is all things to all people .
For supporters , it would discipline greedy private insurers and make health coverage affordable .
For detractors , it 's a way station on the path to a single - payer insurance system of government - run health care .
In reality , the public plan is mostly an exercise in political avoidance :
It pretends to control costs and improve access to quality care when it does n't .
As originally conceived by Yale political scientist Jacob Hacker , the public plan would be a government - created , nonprofit insurance company providing Medicare - like coverage to the under - 65 population .
But unlike Medicare , benefits would be paid for mainly by premiums -- not taxes .
Americans could buy coverage from the public plan or a private insurer .
Competition and choice would increase , say liberals .
Facing the low - cost public plan , private insurers would hold down their own premiums , the argument goes .
Health care costs for everyone would moderate .
Government subsidies to provide universal coverage would be cheaper .
By some estimates , Medicare 's administrative costs are only 3 percent of spending compared with 13 percent or more for private insurers .
A new public plan is widely presumed to enjoy an advantage in overhead .
Nonsense , retort critics .
The public plan 's low costs would be artificial .
Its main advantage would be the congressionally mandated requirement that hospitals and doctors be reimbursed at rates at or near Medicare's .
These are as much as 30 percent lower than rates paid by private insurers , says the health care consulting firm Lewin Group .
With such savings , the public plan could charge much lower premiums and attract lots of customers .
But health costs would n't subside ; hospitals and doctors would offset the public plan 's artificially low reimbursements by raising fees to private insurers , as already occurs with Medicare .
Premiums would increase because private insurers must cover costs to survive .
As for administrative expenses , any advantage for the public plan is exaggerated , say critics .
Part of the gap between private insurers and Medicare is statistical illusion : Because Medicare recipients have higher average health expenses ( $ 10,003 in 2007 ) than the under - 65 population ( $ 3,946 ) , its administrative costs are a smaller share of total spending .
The public plan , with younger members , would n't enjoy this advantage .
Likewise , Medicare has low marketing costs because it's a monopoly .
But a non-monopoly public plan would have to sell itself and would incur higher marketing costs .
Private insurers ' profits ( included in administrative costs ) also explain some of Medicare 's cost advantage .
But profits represent only 3 percent of the insurance industry 's revenues .
Moreover , accounting comparisons are misleading when they do n't include the cost of Medicare 's government - supplied investment capital .
A public plan would also need investment capital .
And suppose the public plan suffers losses .
Congress would assuredly bail it out .
The promise of the public plan is a mirage .
Its political brilliance is to use free - market rhetoric ( more " choice " and " competition " ) to expand government power .
But why would a plan tied to Medicare control health spending , when Medicare has n't ?
From 1970 to 2007 , Medicare spending per beneficiary rose 9.2 percent annually compared to the 10.4 percent of private insurers -- and the small difference partly reflects cost shifting .
Congress periodically improves Medicare benefits , and there 's a limit to how much squeezing reimbursement rates can check costs .
Doctors and hospitals already complain that low payments limit services or discourage physicians from taking Medicare patients .
Even Hacker concedes that without reimbursement rates close to Medicare 's , the public plan would founder .
If it had to " negotiate rates directly with providers " -- do what private insurers do -- the public plan could have " a very hard time " making inroads , he writes .
Hacker opposes such weakened versions of the public plan .
By contrast , a favored public plan would probably doom today 's private insurance .
Although some congressional proposals limit enrollment eligibility in the public plan , pressures to liberalize would be overwhelming .
Why should some under - 65 Americans enjoy lower premiums and others not ?
In one study that assumed widespread eligibility , the Lewin Group estimated that 103 million people -- half the number with private insurance -- would switch to the public plan .
Private insurance might become a specialty product .
Many would say : Whoopee !
Get rid of the sinister insurers .
Bring on a government single - payer system .
But if that 's the agenda , why not debate it directly ?
It 's not insurers that cause high health costs ; they 're simply the middlemen .
It 's the fragmented delivery system and open - ended reimbursement .
Would strict regulation of doctors , hospitals and patients under a single - payer system provide control ?
Or would genuine competition among health plans over price and quality work better ?
That 's the debate we need , but in truth , doctors , hospitals and patients do n't want to be limited , whether by government or markets .
Congress reflects public opinion .
Fearing a real debate , we fake it .
Lebanese General Jean Kahwaj has ordered his troops on high alert , cautioning soldiers on the border region to prepare for an attack from Israel , according to published reports .
The comments first appeared in London - based Arabic language newspaper Alquds Alarabi , according to the Jerusalem Post .
“ In a statement published in honor of Lebanon ’s Independence Day , the general said soldiers should prepare ‘ to handle what the Israeli enemy is scheming against the homeland , and to continue the battle against its violations – in the air , water , and land – with all the tools at our disposal , ' ” Ynet noted .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Last week , a military court in Lebanon sentenced a Lebanese soldier and his wife to death , after the couple were found guilty of spying for Israel , Israel Radio reported , ” the Post added .
“ The court also sentenced the defendant ’s sister and her husband , who are reportedly living in Israel , to death . ”
Ynet continued : “ IDF Chief of Staff Gabi Ashkenazi recently warned the Knesset that Hezbollah is currently armed with thousands of missiles , some of which could reach the southern city of Dimona . ”
Should n’t it be natural for public schools to put front and center labor history ?
After all , it ’s the story of the working people who built the community .
It ’s the story of their struggle for dignity , rights and a decent standard of living by organizing labor unions , building a labor movement and creating a diverse working - class culture .
In most parts of the country that story has n’t been made an official part of the public education curriculum , though .
Wisconsin may become one of the first states in the country to change that , however .
By a wide , bipartisan margin late last month , the Wisconsin State Senate passed a measure that would require public schools to teach labor history , including issues related to collective bargaining rights .
The State Assembly passed a similar measure last April .
Wisconsin ’s Democratic Gov. Jim Doyle has indicated his support for and is expected to sign the bill .
In a discussion of the issue , Wisconsin AFL - CIO President Dave Newby told LaborRadio this week that Wisconsin workers have played a large role in U.S. labor movement history going back to the 19th century .
“ Wisconsin has been a leader in the worker ’s campaign for an eight - hour day starting way back in the 1880 ’s , in establishing the public education system , the first worker ’s compensation system in the country , one of the first Family and Medical Leave Acts back in the late 80s , been a leader in trying to get health care for all , ” Newby said .
He added that history is too often told from the perspective of the words and deeds of great leaders , often men , ignoring the special contributions and diversity of working men and women and their communities in the making of this country .
“ Too often history is taught in terms of who are the great leaders .
The real history below the surface is being created by working people , ” he explained .
Newby cited the very existence of public schools as a victory achieved by the labor movement .
In a statement , state Sen .
Dave Hansen , D - Green Bay , one of the bill ’s authors agreed .
“ At a time when people are hurting , primarily as a result of a Wall Street dominated culture that promoted greed and get - rich - quick schemes over the value of hard work , it is important for our young people to learn about the important role that organized labor and working men and women have played in helping create the middle class , ” he said .
Wisconsin Labor History Society President Steve Cupery , in hearings on the bill held over the summer , told Wisconsin legislators that learning labor history is a key ingredient for empowering working - class youth to build a strong future .
“ Knowledge about one ’s rights to organize and the benefits of unions offers the promise of positive future change for the next generation , ” Cupery reportedly said .
Photo : http://www.flickr.com/photos/vocesdelafrontera/ / CC BY 2.0
Nobel Peace Prize is given out to contributors who worked for the betterment of the society by bringing more harmony .
Last time U.S Nobel Peace prize went into the hands of Barack Obama .
This time , probability of a new nominee is rising : Linus Torvalds .
It wouldn`t be incorrect to quote that Linux has brought peace among the people round the glob .
Linux has , in a way , done a lot of good for the world .
The Credit goes to Linus Torvalds , the father of the Linux .
As per Lofstrom :
“ Linux is one of the largest cooperative international efforts ever undertaken , It inspired Ubuntu , One Laptop Per Child , and many other global projects .
Linux conquered the supercomputer space , the server space , the embedded computer space – by peaceful means !
Linux helped sequence the human genome , helps protect the world computer infrastructure from viral attack , and is now the pathway for millions to learn computer programming and participate in new international efforts . ”
This may sound a bit odd to the outside world , but Indeed Open Source is bringing people from around the world together : people from all over the world collaborate on the Linux development .
In fact , the success of the Linux kernel is partly responsible for the of open source software .
Linus Torvalds has contributed a large part of it .
He has been one of the key contributors the to the community .
He is now Chief architect of the Linux kernel and inspirer of Open source world .
It his his work that today we get great and free software , and open source stuff that is ready to modified on will .
I believe he ’s as deserving candidate as Obama or anyone else .
After all Peace and harmony starts with a Free world .
What do you think ?
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 10.0/10 ( 1 vote cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Rating : +1 ( from 1 vote )
Home Mail Articles Supplements Subscriptions Radio
The following article appeared in Left Business Observer # 119 , July 2009 .
Copyright 2009 , Left Business Observer .
Like this ?
Subscribe today !
There ’s a lot more where this comes from and only some of it makes it to the web for free consumption .
How American awfulness stacks up
Americans may be some of the least healthy people in the rich part of this world , but we sure do feel good about ourselves !
That ’s one of the more interesting revelations in the 2009 edition of the OECD ’s Social Indicators .
Americans lead the world in obesity , lag the world in life expectancy and infant mortality yet 89 % of us report ourselves to be in excellent health , just behind the world ’s biggest health - boasters , New Zealanders , who beat us by a point in self - reported health , but who outlive us by more than two years .
This report got some coverage in our surviving newspapers , but most of the stories focused on the not - uninteresting news that the French spend more time than Americans sleeping and eating .
But , of course , that shows what layabouts and sensualists they are .
What the stories did n’t disclose is that we look like an overworked people with a dim future aside from being some of the least healthy people in the richer neighborhoods of planet earth .
The general picture of the social and physical health of the U.S. is n’t pretty .
In a summary table at the beginning of the volume , countries are rated with a red , yellow , or green symbol , depending on whether they fall in the bottom , middle , or top of the rankings on eight crucial indicators .
The U.S. scores a yellow on six ( among them employment , reading skills , the gender wage gap , and life expectancy ) , and a red on two ( inequality and infant mortality ) .
But we are near the top in income .
Far poorer countries , like Hungary and the Czech Republic , do a lot better than this imperial colossus .
Maybe it ’s not so bad to have a Commie past .
And not only does the U.S. turn in an awful performance we ’ve been getting worse on six of the eight .
Slaving for pennies
The U.S. always turns in a spectacular performance on poverty indicators , and this version is no exception : not only do we have one of the highest poverty rates in the OECD ( as the graph shows ) , our poor also tend to be quite poor .
The average poor household in the U.S. has an income 38 % below the poverty line ( and poverty is defined here , as it often is in international comparisons , as an income less than half the national household median , with appropriate adjustments made for household size ) .
The average for the OECD is 10 points lower , 28 % .
It ’s in the low 20s in the Scandinavian countries , and in the mid-20s in France and Canada .
Americans may be poor , but we do work hard .
As the nearby graph shows , we work more , and enjoy less leisure ( defined simply as time not at work ) than the 25 countries for which the OECD has data .
Our lead in work is far from trivial 301 hours a year more than the average , or almost nine full workweeks .
The reasons are that more of us work , and those of us who do work , work more than people in most other countries .
This is n’t really the stuff of which happy and healthy societies are made .
Of course , time spent not working is a loose definition of leisure .
One can devote time not spent on the job to all kinds of pursuits , only some of them leisurely .
Unpaid work certainly is n’t a form of kicking back , nor are visits to the dentist .
The OECD devotes some space to a look at various national time - use surveys , which are typically based on diaries that a large sample of people keep to account for how they spend their days .
Based on a stricter definition of leisure , Americans are n’t the easiest living people among the world ’s rich countries , but they come off not quite as grimly purposeful as Japanese , Koreans , and Australians but still less inclined towards chilling than Western Europeans .
But it should be pointed out that time use surveys are pretty problematic .
People may lose track of their hours , and / or lie to their diaries and classifying pursuits is n’t always an easy matter .
If you ’re listening to music while cooking dinner and supervising a toddler , what exactly are you doing , anyway ?
Unpaid work , personal care , childcare , or leisure ?
Different surveys in the U.S. often come up with different results , and comparing surveys across national borders , all built with different techniques and reflecting god knows what cultural differences , seems like a real challenge .
The conclusion that Americans spend a helluva lot of time on the job , however , is inescapable .
But , strangely , a lot of Americans seem OK with that .
Just 54 % say they ’d like to spend less time on the job , one of the smallest shares in the 21 countries for which the OECD has data .
That ’s not completely anomalous ; there ’s actually a slight negative correlation between the length of the work year and wanting to spend less time on the job ( that is , there ’s a mild tendency for those in countries with long work years to express stronger wishes to work less than do those in countries with shorter work years ) .
Maybe people get what they want , or maybe they just get used to what they ’re fed .
In the American case , we also profess to like our jobs : 82 % of us , in fact , one of the higher scores in the OECD ’s sample .
And that despite 81 % of U.S. ’ers saying that high pay is a crucial aspect of a satisfying job , with just 27 % saying that condition is met by their own .
But we ’re a cheerful people ; we do n’t like to complain .
Leave that to the French , when they ’re not drinking , eating , and sleeping .
School
Nor does our future look all that bright here in the USA .
Yes , educational testing can be a debased activity , but despite all these years of “ teaching to the test ” in the U.S. , we ’re doing quite poorly on math ( reading scores are n’t available ) .
Not only are we drubbed by the usual European suspects , but Korea also leaves us in the dust , and Ireland , not the richest of countries , also holds a significant lead .
And the successor generation ?
Not looking so great there , either .
Just 58 % of our three - to five - year olds are enrolled in formal preschool educational programs , well below the OECD average of 73 % and well behind poorer countries like Mexico ( 70 % ) , Slovakia ( 73 % ) , and Hungary ( 87 % ) .
Of course , the Western European countries leave us in the dust : France ( 100 % ) and Denmark ( 91 % ) are n’t surprises , but Spain ( 98 % ) , not known as a social democracy , is .
Health
It ’s depressing to look too closely at the U.S. health indicators .
It ’s pretty well known that our headline health figures , like life expectancy and infant mortality , are among the rich world ’s worst , and the OECD confirms that impression .
Of the 30 countries for which the OECD reports data , the U.S. comes in 24th in life expectancy , with poorer countries behind it .
And of the same 30 countries , the U.S.has the sixth - highest incidence of low birthweight among newborns , and the third - highest level of infant mortality ; again , it ’s mostly poor countries like Mexico and Turkey that have more painful figures .
But it ’s not just those basics .
Americans are the world ’s fattest people , which despite the best efforts of the fat acceptance lobby , is not something that comports with a high degree of physical or social health .
Though the association is n’t statistically airtight , there is a tendency for countries with high poverty rates to have obese populations ; this is certainly true for Mexico and the U.S. , if not for Japan or Turkey .
Americans may be champs in the horizontal dimension , but we ’re not doing so well on the vertical .
The U.S. is about the only country in the OECD in which people in their early 20s are n’t taller than those in their late 40 s a distinction that cannot be explained by the immigration to the U.S. of short people .
No , it ’s mostly about childhood nutrition , or lack of it .
And of the ten countries for which the OECD has data , Americans have the most severe psychological problems , with nearly half experiencing some form of mental illness during their lifetimes and over a quarter in any given year .
Our mental disorders tend to be more severe , as well ; though France is pretty high up in the rankings , three times as many disorders are classified as mild rather than severe ; the two categories are almost equal in the U.S .
And the U.S. leads in all brands of mental problemsanxiety , mood , substance abuse , and impulse control .
Americans profess to be healthy and happy , but by objective evidence , they ’re not .
Yet what else can a nation of habitual optimists do ?
All data for graphs on these pages and on p. 1 are from the OECD ’s social indicators spreadsheets .
To save space , not all countries are shown .
Vertical dotted lines represent averages of all countries for which the OECD has data , not just those shown .
Remember Bernard Kerik ?
The former New York police commissioner , widely praised after Sept. 11 and for work on security in Iraq , was supposed to be secretary of Homeland Security under President Bush .
Today , in a New York courtroom , Kerik pleaded guilty to influence peddling .
It was the climax of a fall that began in 2004 .
Back then , his withdrawal as Bush ’s pick for Homeland Security was swift .
Consider this .
On Dec. 3 , 2004 , The Times reported these glowing comments about his nomination :
Supporters of Kerik who watched him lead the New York Police Department through the attacks on the World Trade Center said he was up to the job .
" He has always been a very strong leader , " said Patrick J. Lynch , president of the New York City Patrolmen ’s Benevolent Assn. , the police union .
" He understands security needs , especially in response to terrorism . "
Sen. Charles E. Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) said in a statement that Kerik knew " the great needs and challenges this country faces in homeland security . "
" He has a strong law enforcement background , and I believe will do an excellent job in fighting for the resources and focus that homeland security needs and deserves in our post - 9/11 world , " Schumer said .
Then on Dec. 11 , we wrote :
Former New York Police Commissioner Bernard Kerik on Friday abruptly withdrew himself from consideration as the nation ’s next Homeland Security chief , saying he had determined that a former household employee might have been an illegal immigrant .
Kerik ’s unexpected withdrawal cast a temporary cloud over President Bush ’s second - term Cabinet , and appeared likely to revive the contentious issues raised by the " nannygate " disclosures that derailed two of former President Clinton ’s high - level nominees .
And with some prescience , the writers ended their story with this :
Trouble often followed Kerik .
As a young soldier in South Korea , he fathered a child out of wedlock .
As NYPD commissioner , he was fined $ 2,500 for sending two police officers to Ohio to help research his bestselling 2001 memoir , " The Lost Son : A Life in Pursuit of Justice . "
When the book ’s publisher , Judith Regan , reported her cellphone stolen after a visit to a Fox Television studio , detectives reportedly showed up at the homes of Fox employees who had been on the set at the time .
A Senate GOP aide speculated about Kerik ’s withdrawal : " It was probably a mounting list of potentially embarrassing issues , and they decided to cut their losses before it got worse .
Good timing too : late on a Friday night . "
-- Steve Padilla
If you click here , you 'll get Twitter alerts of each new Ticket item .
Or follow us @latimestot .
And we 're also over here on Facebook .
File photo : Bernard Kerik .
Credit : Associated Press
Political cartoonists have long characterized Washington politicians as puppets of special interests , but the recent revelation about the influence of lobbyists for Genentech during the health care debate demonstrates the joke can be all too real .
Genentech is a subsidiary of the Swiss drug company Roche .
According to a story by The New York Times , Genentech claimed that 42 members of the House of Representatives made speeches using talking points provided by their lobbyists .
Genentech sent one version of the remarks to Democrats and another to Republicans .
Their quest for bipartisanship was successful , with 22 Republicans and 20 Democrats relying on speech material from advocates for the biotech giant .
The lobbyists ’ remarks were not only uttered on the House floor , but more than a dozen of them also had them inserted in the Congressional Record .
In one particularly extreme example of using Genentech talking points , Representatives Blaine Luetkemeyer of Missouri and Joe Wilson of South Carolina both used this section from the statement prepared for Republicans : “ One of the reasons I have long supported the U.S. biotechnology industry is that it is a homegrown success story that has been an engine of job creation in this country .
Unfortunately , many of the largest companies that would seek to enter the biosimilar market have made their money by outsourcing their research to foreign countries like India . ”
- Noel Brinkerhoff , David Wallechinsky
This morning I was alerted to this .
A South Australian school has banned hugging between students of opposite sex .
“ We want our older students to set a strong example for younger students at the school , ” says the principal , Julie Gail .
I could n’t agree more .
Children are becoming sexier every day and we need to put a stop to this now , before I do something terrible .
According to the article , parents said the 11 and 12 year - old students were told of the ban after a recent hugging “ outbreak ” when friends saw one another for the first time after school holidays .
We are just lucky that the school stepped in when they did , this outbreak of hugging could have led to supple young nipples being in close proximity to each other , never mind the thin layers of wool and cotton in between .
First it ’s hugging , then it ’s an all out fuck - fest with hot pre-pubescent sexpots .
Hey , it ’s not just what I ’m thinking , it ’s what they ’re thinking too .
I remember , as an 11 year old , all I could think about was sweet 12 year old poontang , these kids today are probably even worse !
Some parents are against this ban , saying “ I do n’t want my child to go to a school in which displays of affection lead to punishment . ”
These so - called parents are probably under the illusion that 11 and 12 year olds are innocently going about exploring new relationships , probably assuming that their children are too shy to even kiss , let alone go further .
What complete and utter morons !
Children are lusting for the pleasures of the flesh , they are all asking for it all the time , their devil urges come from within and must be stopped !
HUGGING MUST BE STOPPED .
Hugging leads to kissing which leads to zombie goat bukkake !
But hugging is only a symptom of a far more troubling disease .
Affection .
Affection is not necessary for the survival of the human race , we need only a strong work ethic and functional intercourse for the sole purpose of procreation .
Death to emotion !
Children must be protected from love !
Sin! Corruption !
Shame !
Look at these disgusting sloths !
Do we want our children to be like this ?
Tom Siebel has been seriously injured after being trampled by an elephant .
Siebel was on a photo safari in Tanzania with a guide watching a group of elephants when one animal charged .
The guide fired at the elephant but missed .
The animal attacked the guide before going for Siebel , breaking his ribs , trampling one leg and goring the other .
Finally the elephant lost interest and the two men were able to radio for help , reports the San Jose Mercury News .
Siebel told the paper the two men were watching the animals from a distance of 200 yards : " There was no apparent reason , nothing that should have made it feel threatened , " Siebel said .
" It was quiet , and then the quiet stopped ... "
Siebel was airlifted to Nairobi for treatment , eventually spending 18 days in four different hospitals .
He is still recuperating at home from the attack which happened 1 August .
Siebel sold Siebel Systems to Oracle for $ 3.6bn in 2005 .
He now devotes much of his time to the Thomas and Stacey Siebel Foundation which funds university and drug education programmes . ®
The world 's biggest animal sacrifice began in Nepal today with the killing of the first of more than 250,000 animals as part of a Hindu festival in the village of Bariyapur , near the border with India .
The event , which happens every five years , began with the decapitation of thousands of buffalo , killed in honour of Gadhimai , a Hindu goddess of power .
With up to a million worshippers on the roads near the festival grounds , this year 's fair seems more popular than ever , despite vocal protests from animals rights groups who have called for it to be banned .
" It is the traditional way , " explained 45 - year old Manoj Shah , a Nepali driver who has been attending the event since he was six , " If we want anything , and we come here with an offering to the goddess , within five years all our dreams will be fulfilled . " .
Crowds thronged the roads and camped out in the open , wrapped in blankets against the cool mist .
The festivities included a ferris wheel , fortune - telling robots and stalls broadcasting music and offering tea and sugary snacks .
As dawn broke , the fair officially opened with the sacrifice of two rats , two pigeons , a pig , a lamb and a rooster in the main temple , to cheers of " Long live Gadhimai " from spectators pushing against each other for a better view .
In the main event , 250 appointed residents with traditional kukri knives began their task of decapitating more than 10,000 buffalo in a dusty enclosure guarded by high walls and armed police .
Frightened calves galloped around in vain as the men , wearing red bandanas and armbands , pursued them and chopped off their heads .
Banned from entering the animal pen , hundreds of visitors scrambled up the three - metre walls to catch a glimpse of the carnage .
The dead beasts will be sold to companies who will profit from the sale of the meat , bones and hide .
Organisers will funnel the proceeds into development of the area , including the temple upkeep .
On the eve of the event , protesters made a final plea to organisers by cracking open coconuts in a nearby temple as a symbolic sacrifice .
" It is cruel and inhumane .
We 've always been a superstitious country , but I do n't think sacrifice has to be part of the Hindu religion , " said the protest organiser , Pramada Shah .
The campaign has the support of the French actor Brigitte Bardot , who has petitioned the Nepalese prime minister , Madhav Kumar Nepal , about the issue .
But the government , which donated £ 36,500 to the event , has shown no sign of discontinuing the centuries - old tradition .
An attempt by the previous government to cut the budget for animal sacrifice provoked street protests .
Chandan Dev Chaudhary , a Hindu priest , said he was pleased with the festival 's high turnout and insisted tradition had to be kept .
" The goddess needs blood , " he said .
" Then that person can make his wishes come true . "
Mr. Tremblay is an HNN intern and Breaking News Editor .
James Bradley , in his recent book The Imperial Cruise : A Secret History of Empire and War , alleges that President Theodore Roosevelt encouraged Japanese imperialism .
Bradley argues that the Taft - Katsura agreement reached between the United States and Japan in 1905 amounted to a ‘ secret treaty ’ that left the door open to Japanese imperialism in the Far East and even led to the fateful bombing of Pearl Harbor 68 years ago .
Bradley has repeated these arguments in an op ed in the New York Times and in an interview with HNN .
Criticism and controversy are building around these claims .
‘ Secret ’
Lewis Gould , author of The Presidency of Theodore Roosevelt ( 1992 ) , told HNN in an email that calling the Taft - Katsura agreement a ‘ secret treaty ’ as Bradly does is “ dead wrong . ”
In agreement with other scholars in the field , Gould stated in his book : " The Taft - Katsura Agreement , as it became known during the 1920s , was not a clandestine treaty .
There was no bargain as such .
The Japanese and Americans had reasserted their positions in temporary partnership as the peacemaking process opened formally in New Hampshire during early August 1905 . "
Furthermore , fervently contesting the alleged secretive nature of the agreement , Gould invited us to consult the works of two prominent authors on the subject , Raymond A. Esthus and John Gilbert Reid .
Esthus in his 1966 history , Theodore Roosevelt and Japan , found no significant evidence that the Taft - Katsura agreement involved the secret sacrifice of Korea to the Japanese throne in return for acquiescence in the American possession of the Philippines .
Reid , in a scholarly article published in the Pacific Historical Review , “ Taft ’s Telegram to Root , July 29 , 1905 , ” ( Vol.9 , No.1 [ 1940 ] , pp. 66-70 ) , acknowledged that the agreement was indeed kept secret ( for nearly twenty years ) but insisted that it did not constitute a treaty and imposed no obligations on the United States .
Reid was the first to publish the full telegram , excerpted below , sent by Taft from Tokyo to Secretary of State Elihu Root in Washington following his dealings with his Japanese counterpart :
The following is agreed memorandum of conversation between Prime Minister of Japan and myself : " Count Katsura and Secretary Taft [ foregoing two words deleted ] had a long and confidential conversation on the morning of July 27th [ not 29 , as often stated ] .
Among other topics of conversations [ sic ] the following views were exchanged regarding the questions of the Philippine Islands , of Korea , and of the maintenance of general peace in the Far East .
" First , inspeaking [ sic ] of some pro-Russians in America who would have the public believe that the victory of Japan would be a certain prelude to her aggressions in the direction of the Philippine Islands , Secretary Taft observed that Japan 's only interest in the Philippines would be , in his opinion , to have these Islands governed by a strong and friendly nation like the United States , and not to have them placed either under the misrule of the natives , yet unfit for self - government , or in the hands of some unfriendly European power .
Count Katsura confirmed in the strongest terms the correctness of his [ Taft 's ] views on the point and positively stated that Japan does not harbor any aggressive designs whatever on the Philippines ; adding that all the insinuations of the yellow peril type are nothing more or less than malicious and clumsy slanders calculated to do mischief to Japan .
“ Second , Count Katsura observed that the maintenance on [ sic ] general peace in the extreme East forms the fundamental principle of Japan 's international policy .
Such being the case , he was very anxious to exchange views with Secretary Taft as to the most effective means of insuring this principle .
In his own opinion , the best and in fact the only means for accomplishing the above object would be to form good understanding between the three governments of Japan , the United States and Great Britain which have common interest in upholding the principle of eminence [ sic ] .
The Count well understands the traditional policy of the United States in this respect and perceives fully the impossibilities [ sic ] of their entering into a formal alliance of such nature with any foreign nation , but in view of our common interests he could (? ) [ not ] see why some good understanding or an alliance in practice if not in name should not be made between those three nations insofar as respects the affairs in the far East .
“ Third , In [ sic ] regard to the Korean question , Count Katsura observed that Korea being the direct cause of our [ Japan 's ] war with Russia it is a matter of absolute importance to Japan that a complete solution of the peninsula question should be made as the logical consequence of the war .
If left to herself after the war Korea will certainly draw back to her habit of improvidently resuscitating the same international complications as existed before the war .
In view of the foregoing circumstances Japan feels absolutely constrained to take some definite step with a view to precluding the possibility of Korea falling back into her former condition and of placing us [ Japan ] again under the necessity of entering upon another foreign war .
Secretary
Taft fully admitted the justness of the Count 's observations and remarked to the effect that , in his personal opinion , the establishment by Japanese troops of a suzerainty over Korea to the extent of requiring that Korea enter into no foreign treaties without the consent of Japan was the logical result of the present war and would directly contribute to permanent peace in the East .
His judgment was that President Roosevelt would concur in his [ Taft 's ] views in this regard , although he [ Taft ] had no authority to give assurance of this .
Indeed Secretary
Taft added , that he felt much delicacy in advancing the views he did for he had no mandate for the purpose from the President . … ”
Pearl Harbor : “ What are the Facts ? ”
In the HNN interview , Bradly himself admited his “ shock ” at learning about the secret agreement between Theodore Roosevelt and Japan .
However , some have questioned his particular conclusion that the president ’s policy led to the destruction of the Pearl Harbor naval base in December of 1941 .
Professor Sadao Asada taught American diplomatic history and the history of Japanese - American Relations at Doshisha University in Kyoto , Japan for more than 40 years .
In a letter to the editor of the New York Times ( unpublished ) he disapproved of Bradley ’s assessment :
What are the facts ?
The agreement in question was a secret " agreed memorandum " negotiated in Tokyo between Secretary of War Taft and Prime Minister Katsura by which the United States approved Japan 's " suzerainty over " Korea in return for a Japanese disavowal of any aggressive intentions toward the Philippines .
This agreement was not discovered by Bradley but was first unearthed by the Tyler Dennett in his now classical Americans in Eastern Asia ( 1922 ) .
Some American and Korean historians have criticized Roosevelt 's act of " sell - out " of Korea to Japan .
They have a case .
But to my knowledge no historian worth his salt has maintained that by this agreement TR " emboldened " Japan to expand to the rest of East Asia finally culminating in the Pearl Harbor attack .
Bradley entirely ignores and skips the course of real Japanese aggression from the Manchurian Incident of 1931 to Japan 's advance to southern Indochina in 1941 .
In my view ( shared by many of my Japanese colleagues and most of American specialists in TR's diplomacy ) , the Taft - Katsura Agreement was a part of TR ' s " realistic " policy of " peaceful coexistence " with Japan based on his sphere - of - influence policy and balance - of - power considerations .
Resorting to counterfactual history , we might even argue that had the United States consistently adhered to TR 's legacy in the 1930s and 1941 , perhaps there would have been no Pearl Harbor .
But for better or worse , President Franklin D. Roosevelt , the " soldier of freedom , " chose to oppose Japanese aggression .
Is Bradley worried about the criticism ?
When HNN contributor Aaron Leonard asked Bradley if he was concerned with the brickbats that might come his way , he responded : “ If anyone can read that book and not come to the conclusion that Theodore Roosevelt made a secret deal with the Japanese over a period of two years -- and was acting as an agent -- it 's in his own handwriting . ”
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A sniffer dog lost in battle in Afghanistan 14 months ago has turned up safe and well and rejoined its Australian unit .
Defence officials said Sabi the dog was recovered by a US soldier at an isolated patrol base .
The dog returned to a celebrity welcome from visiting Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd and US commander Gen Stanley McChrystal .
Sabi is being tested for disease before a possible return to Australia .
The black labrador bitch was with a joint Australian - Afghan patrol that was ambushed in Uruzgan province in September 2008 .
Nine Australian soldiers , including Sabi 's trainer , were wounded in the exchange .
After the battle there was no sign of the dog , and months of searching failed to find her .
Sabi was officially declared Missing In Action .
An Australian military spokesman said it would probably never be known exactly what had happened to Sabi in the 14 months she was missing , but the fact that she was in good condition indicated she had been cared for by someone .
' Nice pooch '
And despite being MIA for more than a year , she showed through a simple game of " catch " with a tennis ball that she had n't forgotten her training .
A VIP welcome from the Australian prime minister and US commander
After meeting the dog , Mr Rudd said : " Sabi is back home in one piece and is a genuinely nice pooch as well . "
One of the army patrol injured in the attack where Sabi was lost was Trooper Mark Donaldson .
He was awarded the Victoria Cross in January for rescuing a wounded interpreter under heavy machine gun fire during the ambush .
" She 's the last piece of the puzzle .
It 's a fantastic morale booster for the guys , " he said when he heard of Sabi 's return .
Domestic journalists and delegates use the Internet at the Great Hall of the People during a session of the National People 's Congress in Beijing .
Frederic J. Brown / AFP / Getty Images
One of the early nicknames for the Internet was the " information superhighway " because it was supposed to provide the average person with fast access to a practically limitless amount of data .
For many users , that 's exactly what accessing the Internet is like .
For others , it 's as if the information superhighway has some major roadblocks in the form of Internet censorship .
The motivations for censorship range from well - intentioned desires to protect children from unsuitable content to authoritarian attempts to control a nation 's access to information .
No matter what the censors ' reasons are , the end result is the same :
They block access to the Web pages they identify as undesirable .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Internet censorship is n't just a parental or governmental tool .
There are several software products on the consumer market that can limit or block access to specific Web sites .
Most people know these programs as Web filters .
Censorship opponents have another name for them : Censorware .
While there are some outspoken supporters and opponents of Internet censorship , it 's not always easy to divide everyone into one camp or another .
Not everyone uses the same tactics to accomplish goals .
Some opponents of censorship challenge government policies in court .
Others take the role of information freedom fighters , providing people with clandestine ways to access information .
In this article , we 'll look at the different levels of Internet censorship , from off - the - shelf Web filters to national policy .
We 'll also learn about the ways some people are trying to fight censorship .
We 'll start off by looking at Internet censorship on the domestic level .
Apparently a Roomba operating in Israel recently sucked up a poisonous Vipera palaestinae , preventing it from killing a family 's two children and pets .
Too bad that poor snake WASN'T GONNA DO ANYTHING .
One evening last week Efi turned the robot on and left the house .
When she returned she tried to turn it back on though it kept beeping and getting stuck .
When she opened the machine she discovered that the machine prevented the small viper from occupying the home and hurting her young children .
" He was probably looking for a place to hide in one of the rooms because of the upcoming winter . "
Eli explains .
Exactly .
That poor lil guy was just looking for a place to stay warm for the winter when this robot came and TOOK ITS LIFE , completely upsetting a delicate ecosystem .
Which , true story , IS ALL PART OF THE ROBOTIC MASTER PLAN .
Global warming ?
Robots .
Hit the jump for one more of the poor little bastard all wrapped up and dead in the robot 's killer spinning parts .
Heroic Israeli Roomba Saves Children From Deadly Viper [ botjunkie ]
Thanks to Kristi and Curtis , who would have snatched that poor bastard from the evil Roomba 's clutches and stomped that mechanical beast to death .
Snakes are people too you know .
Hollywood ’s biggest slasher story is n’t playing at any theater near you .
It ’s hitting the industry ’s corporate suites , where the sacking of studio executives has reached epidemic level .
As evidenced by Disney ’s recent firing of its studio chief , Dick Cook , and Universal Pictures ’ dismissal Monday of chairmen Marc Shmuger and David Linde , Hollywood is in a state of panic - producing turmoil .
It used to be that Hollywood ’s corporate parents could stomach a dry spell from their studio managers .
But as DVD sales have collapsed by as much as 25 % at some studios , access to outside financing has vanished and production and marketing costs remain sky - high , media companies are cracking under all the pressure .
As the lineup of newly elevated studio executives scramble for solutions , expect an even greater emphasis on so - called “ branded entertainment ” : sequels and movies based on toys , old television shows and other familiar themes .
Movies already in development include one based on the View - Master children ’s toy and an adaptation of the board game Battleship , scheduled for release July 2011 , the same month as a third “ Transformers ” film .
There also will likely be far fewer adult dramas and less reliance on movie stars -- many of whom can no longer draw ticket buyers , and are seeing their guaranteed salaries slashed .
Advertisement
“ You ’re not going to get away with the old business model , ” said Hal Vogel , an entertainment industry analyst who runs Vogel Capital Management .
“ They still have n’t found a new business model to replace the old one . ”
In addition to the recent shake - ups at Disney and Universal , Paramount Pictures in July told two of its most senior production executives -- John Lesher and Brad Weston -- that their services would no longer be needed .
In August , MGM ’s board showed Chief Executive Harry Sloan the door .
On Monday , Disney promoted Disney Channel Chief Rich Ross into its top studio job .
Half the town ’s major studios -- Warner Bros. , Sony and 20th Century Fox -- have not suffered any significant leadership shake - ups this year .
“ There ’s been more change in the last 18 months than in the preceding 18 years , ” said Mark Gill , CEO of the Film Department , an independent film finance company .
Advertisement
Like a baseball manager who is asked to transform an underachieving team into a playoff contender in a single season , studio executives are given little time to work their movie magic .
“ The world we live in now is so bloody public , ” said Bill Mechanic , the former chairman of Fox Filmed Entertainment and now an independent producer .
“ Every decision is magnified .
Every decision is blown up on a global basis almost as soon as it happens .
People start becoming defensive about their jobs .
When you ’re always doing things on the defensive , it ’s very hard to do that job . ”
In a business largely governed by artistic intuition , ups and downs are inevitable , but there ’s far less margin for error today .
Many analysts and industry veterans cite the recent and unexpected decline in DVD sales as the ignition point for the current unrest .
--
Advertisement
Financial upheaval
For years , DVD sales , coupled with the growth in international markets , compensated for box office losers .
On a typical movie , DVD revenue accounts for about half of a film ’s income , with the remainder split evenly between theatrical receipts , both domestic and international , and television , both pay and free channels .
But as the global economy tanked , so did DVD income .
According to Digital Entertainment Group , DVD sales fell 9 % in 2008 and were off 13.5 % in the first half of 2009 .
The DVD ledgers are equally bleak overseas ; owing to widespread piracy , some studios essentially have closed DVD operations in the once - profitable Spanish and South Korean territories .
Though new businesses such as digital downloads and video - on - demand are growing fast , they have come nowhere close to making up for the decline in disc sales .
At the same time , foreign monopolies in paid television have driven down the formerly generous license fees paid to American studios for cable and satellite reruns , while increasingly popular local language productions ( movies in Japanese made for Japan , in other words ) have cut into the international box - office returns for U.S. productions .
Advertisement
Paramount Pictures , the only movie studio to report its finances separately , has seen its profits fall consistently .
While revenue was growing until this year , Paramount ’s operating income has fallen like a boulder , down 22 % in 2007 and 75 % in 2008 until it swung to a loss of $ 148 million in the first half of 2009 .
As profits vanish , new capital has become as unattainable as the best picture Oscar .
In the decade ’s early years , high - net worth individuals and cash - flush hedge funds poured billions into Hollywood , backing independent productions and co-financing big - budget popcorn movies .
But as those investors lost fortunes in the markets ( and , too often , on dead - on - arrival movies ) , they pulled back on their show business speculating , forcing the studios to put more of their own money at risk -- like homeowners undone by their mortgages .
“ It does something radical to an industry when $ 12 billion to $ 14 billion suddenly goes away , ” said Gill .
“ That places an enormous strain on the system .
And nothing is replacing it .
It used to be ‘ let ’s get the Germans ’ and then the Germans went away , so it was ‘ let ’s get the Japanese ’ or ‘ let ’s get the insurance companies . ’
There was always going to be somebody else .
Now it looks like it ’s not going to be someone else . ”
Advertisement
When times were flush , the studios spent like sailors on shore leave , handing out lavish producer deals , flying private jets , adding millions in overhead ( including their own compensation ) and pouring fortunes into poorly executed projects like Disney ’s “ Bedtime Stories ” and Universal ’s “ Land of the Lost . ”
“ The money that came into the business from new markets and enhanced [ ancillary ] markets mostly went to increasing negative costs , marketing costs and overhead , and not improving profit margins , ” said former Paramount Chairman Jonathan Dolgen .
The studios have stuck any number of thumbs into their leaking dike .
Over the last few years , several closed down or dramatically pruned back their specialty film divisions , units such as Warner Independent Pictures , Paramount Vantage , New Line Cinema and Miramax Films that were devoted to highbrow fare and modestly budgeted genre titles .
Advertisement
--
Star pay dims
Although the studios will occasionally devote more than $ 200 million producing high - profile titles like the “ Harry Potter ” and “ Spider - Man ” sequels , executives are trying to spend less on star compensation , especially since some of the town ’s highest - paid stars -- $ 20 - million actors such as Eddie Murphy , Adam Sandler , Russell Crowe -- have proved over the last year that their names on the marquee hardly guarantee that crowds will come .
As studio executives and their boardroom bosses labor to eliminate risk from what is inherently a risky business , they are steering their production funds into movies they believe have built - in sales hooks -- a fruitful strategy with the “ Pirates of the Caribbean ” and “ Transformers ” global blockbusters .
Advertisement
In addition to the “ Battleship ” and “ View - Master ” films , that familiarity - does n’t - breed - contempt slate includes movies based on Lego , the video game Asteroids and the toy Stretch Armstrong .
Film lovers may not rejoice , but it might buy the studio chiefs some job security -- at least for a couple of months .
--
john.horn@latimes.com
ben.fritz@latimes.com
Advertisement
rachel.abramowitz@latimes .com
Syncing your Zune in Mac OS X , running Word in Linux , giving Linux a go within Windows 7 : just a few of the things you can do with virtual machines .
And setting one up is n't just easy — it 's free .
Advertisement
The word virtualization conjures images of the dank nerd lairs , populated by lonely network admins , scattered with miles of gray wire , grimy PC towers , processed food packaging and tiny tumbleweeds woven from human hair .
It sounds like the domain of the software nerd , the Gentoo jockey , and most importantly , not you .
Today , though , virtualization has become mainstream : modern software makes running virtualized operating systems amazingly easy , and undeniably useful .
Intimidating erminology aside , here 's what desktop virtualization means today :
You can run just about any OS , Mac OS X excluded , inside any other OS .
Ubuntu in Mac OS ?
Sure .
Windows 7 within Windows XP ?
Why not ?
Windows ME within Snow Leopard ?
Nobody 's going to stop you , I guess !
And these are n't patchy , half - assed experiments we 're talking about here — these are fully - functioning installations that 'll connect to USB peripherals , access the internet , share files with your host OS , and run almost any software , short of 3D games .
You can set up as many of these things as you want , and delete them in a matter of seconds .
It 's pretty great , is what I 'm trying to say .
Advertisement
Best of all , virtualization is now something you can try — and stick with — for free , thanks to software like Sun 's VirtualBox .
It 's a free download on any platform , and it does its job spectacularly .
Here 's how to get started .
What You 'll Need
Free hard drive space : VirtualBox is going to create a simulated hard drive ( a hard drive image , to be specific ) inside your current OS 's file system .
In other words , you 'll need to have space handy to hold a standard OS install , plus whatever apps you 're planning on using on the host system .
10 GB is enough to play around with in most cases .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Lots-o- RAM :
As efficient as modern virtualization is , running one OS inside another is n't going to be easy on your hardware .
The easiest way to ensure good VM performance is to have plenty of RAM , such that both OSes — your host and your guest — can have more than their minimum recommended amount of RAM .
Advertisement
VirtualBox :
This is the virtual machine software , or the program in which all of your virtual OSes will run .
You may 've heard of clients like VMWare or Parallels , but these are either paid or have limited platform support .
VirtualBox is a free , cross - platform alternative .
Getting it is just a matter of downloading the correct version — there are Windows , Mac and Linux editions — and running an installation wizard .
A guest OS : Installing an OS as a virtual machine is almost exactly like installing an OS natively , albeit slightly easier .
In other words , you 'll need a full , licensed version of your OS , in whatever form you can get it .
Downloaded ISO images will work right out of the box — this is how most Linux distributions will come packaged — while OSes on a CD will work too , including your Windows install discs .
If applicable , you 'll still need to enter license keys — as far as Microsoft is concerned , this is a fresh installation of an OS .
Advertisement
Installing Your Virtual Machine
I 've chosen to install Windows 7 within OS X Snow Leopard for this guide , because this will be a common usage scenario , and because the processing of installing an OS in VirtualBox is nearly the same no matter what host / guest combo you 're .
If you 're installing Ubuntu 9.04 within Windows XP , for example , you can still follow along .
Anyway , here you go :
Installing Guest Additions
Advertisement
VirtualBox supports so - called " Guest Additions " in some OSes , which are essentially sets of tools and drivers that make the virtualization more seamless .
If they 're available , you 'll want to install them : the guest OS will adjust to your screen resolution properly , your video performance will be smoother ( and in Windows XP and Vista , possibly accelerated ) , filesharing will be simplified , copy and paste will work between OSes , and in some cases , you 'll even be able to run individual programs as native windows in your host OS
Advertisement
That 's called " Seamless Mode , " and if you 're running Windows inside Mac OS or Linux , you may as well try it out .
It 's not quite perfect — the Start Menu stacked atop the Dock is a little awkward — but this way you do n't have to switch between entire desktops just to switch from one app to another .
It 's a cool effect , at the very least .
To install Guest Additions , click " Install Guest Additions " under the " Machine " menu while running your virtual machine .
Guest Additions should appear in your guest OS as an optical disc , which should contain an installer .
Run it , then restart your virtual machine .
Once Guest Additions are installed , you can access Seamless Mode from the VirtualBox menu , under " Machine . "
Advertisement
Shared Directories
Advertisement
Copy and paste will often work between the host and guest OS , but if you 're planning on using your guest OS for productivity or downloading any kind of media , a shared folder is the only real solution .
In the bottom right corner of a running virtual machine , you should see a small folder icon .
Clicking it will bring up a shared folder creation dialog .
Select where on your host OS your shared folder should be — it can be an existing directory , like your " Music " folder — and check the box to make it " Permanent . "
On your guest machine , the shared folder will show up as a VirtualBox shared directory in your local network .
( Note : I 'm getting reports that some people running Windows 7 guest machines have trouble finding the network share .
You may have to map a network drive manually — just right - click " Computer " anywhere in Windows — the Start Menu works fine — and select " Map Network Drive . "
Choose whatever drive letter you 'd like to give your directory , then enter " \\vboxsvr\myshare " as the folder path , where " myshare " is the name you 've given your shared folder in virtualbox . )
Advertisement
Connecting USB Devices
Advertisement
One of the most common reasons for installing a virtual machine is to circumvent some kind of driver incompatibility .
VirtualBox recognized most of your computer 's inbuilt components , like sound cards , extra storage or webcams , and can use them automatically .
For most USB devices , though , you 'll need to tell it when to take control .
In most cases , this just means making sure your device is n't in use by your host OS ( a flash drive will need to be unmounted , for example ) , and clicking the small USB plug icon in the bottom right corner of the screen .
This will bring up a list of available connected devices ; simply click the one you want , and you 're good to go .
Advertisement
Odds and Ends
Virtualizing is n't just a good way to get around some kind of nagging compatibility problem , it 's a fun way to wile away a few hours experimenting with weird new OSes .
Setup is just about the same no matter what you 're installing , so there 's really no reason not to try some of the more esoteric software out there — anything with an ISO available for download will do .
For a taste , try the Haiku Project — a revival of the long - dead BeOS , or see what the hell FreeBSD is .
Advertisement
If you have more tips and tools to share , please drop some links in the comments - your feedback is hugely important to our Saturday How To guides .
And if you have any topics you 'd like to see covered here , please let me know .
Happy virtualizing , folks .
( CNN ) -- Admit it , runners :
When you 're on the fifth mile of your fourth run of the week and there 's nothing but you , the summer heat and 5 more miles to go , things can get a bit ... boring .
High - tech gadgets and Web sites can help motivate runners and make training less of a chore .
" That 's one of the challenges with marathon training , especially if you 're not the type of person who runs every day out of habit , " said Popular Science Editor Mike Haney , who is training for his fifth marathon .
Haney started running in 2004 and at first eschewed everything but an Ironman watch and a pair of shoes .
As he 's gotten more competitive , though , Haney has turned to running gear not only to make him a better , more competitive runner but also to keep him engaged .
" I like running , but having the music in my ear and having the pace on my wrist makes it more palatable , " Haney said , " especially when you 're going really long distances . "
If the spice is gone from your 10 k or marathon training , do n't toss aside your running log just yet .
Sports - equipment manufacturers keep concocting lighter and more technologically advanced gadgets that make running less of a chore .
Even if you 're not a gadget geek , road testing one of these may be all you need to rekindle your running flame .
Some tech - savvy runners and trainers shared their favorite running gear .
Low - tech is the new high - tech
Although shoe developers have n't made a pair that can do the running for you , they have found a way to make running shoes feel more natural , like you 're not wearing shoes at all .
A popular new breed of shoe tries to simulate running barefoot .
Nike , New Balance and Newton Running all make sneaks designed to give the feeling of an unencumbered " barefoot " gait with the stability of a sturdy yet flexible sole .
The new Nike Free 5.0 ( $ 85 ) offers a middle ground for those who like the idea of barefoot running but are n't ready to part with the stability a shoe provides .
With deep grooves along the bottom , the ultralight shoe allows your feet to move as they please , because the sole bends according to your natural motion .
Then there are the Newton Running trainers ( all models $ 175 ) , which provide a barefoot running experience whether you like it or not .
The shoe is designed to mimic the way a person runs barefoot " because they have protrusions on the forefoot that encourage you to be more of a forefoot striker or midfoot striker instead of landing on your heel , " Haney said .
Experts say this reduces injuries .
Watch yourself
Runners should know the power of a good heart - rate monitor , as it could mean the difference between winning a race and not feeling prepared enough to even start one .
Having a visual reminder of your heart rate lets you develop a consistent pace while knowing whether you should push yourself or slow down .
Today 's wrist - wearable computers go far beyond reading your heart 's rhythm .
Using a model equipped with GPS , speed - calculating shoe sensors ( also known as foot pods ) and data - analysis tools can be the key to improving your running and inspiring consistency , since you can track every detail of how your performance changes over time .
For trainer and " Running for Mortals " author Jenny Hadfield of Chicago , Illinois , the new Garmin Forerunner 310XT ( $ 349 ) is the optimal choice .
" The battery life is fantastic , the satellites work wherever I 'm at in the world , you can get your heart rate , there 's a foot pod so you can get your cadence , elevation , distance , speed , averages of all of those things -- and it's really easy to use , " Hadfield explained .
Another option is the new Polar RS800CX ( $ 470 ) , which uses foot pods to measure a runner 's speed , distance , route elevation and cadence .
Unlike the Garmin , the Polar device can also measure stride length -- how much ground you cover with each stride -- a stat experts say is key in improving your pace .
Tune in
A favorite with athletes around the world despite its lack of GPS technology , the Nike + Sport Kit ( $ 29 ) uses a sensor that 's tucked inside a compatible Nike shoe to track speed and distance .
The sensor then sends that information wirelessly to an iPod Touch or iPhone .
The system also works with the older iPod Nano via a small receiver attached to the mp3 player .
You can see how far you 've gone , how fast you ran and about how many calories you burned , all while listening to a running mix of your choice , and later upload your data to the Nike + site .
Nike also offers the slim , watch - sized Nike + Sport Band ( $ 59 ) , which displays your distance , pace and calories burned and holds 30 hours of workout data .
There 's an app for that
If you fear that running without GPS could land you in dangerous territory , there 's also the free iPhone application RunKeeper , which takes care of the basics : speed , time spent and distance .
The upside ?
You 've got your GPS - enabled phone , your music and a portable running log , and you can share the status of your workouts with friends on Facebook and Twitter .
The downside : The iPhone is a bit bulky , and you 'll be sweating all over it in no time , so do n't forget to buy a waterproof case .
Run the Web
Of course , if the thrill of a new gadget is n't enough to push you out of the door , peer pressure and friendly cajoling may do the trick , even if it 's not face - to - face .
Both Polar and Nike + have comprehensive
Web sites where runners upload information from their runs and find new training plans .
With the new , more intuitive NikePlus.com -- the beta version of which rolled out in early July -- runners can create running and fitness goals , log data , track their progress and even challenge others .
Lisa Katayama , a San Francisco , California - based technology blogger and new runner , said the Nike + system is one of the few things that keeps her going .
" For me , [ the Nike + ] is crucial , " she said .
" It has the biggest and strongest online community in the world , it 's easy to use , and it 's really well integrated with the Web , so you can share with your friends . "
All About Exercise and Fitness • Technology
India and Pakistan , Australia and South Africa find themselves in different groups for the 2011 World Cup .
The groupings for the tournament , to be held in the subcontinent , were approved on the second day of the ICC board meeting in Johannesburg .
The 14 teams have been divided into two groups of seven .
The competition will be shorter than its 2007 version , with the ICC revealing a new format that will reduce the number of games from 51 to 49 , and possibly lessen the duration by at least a week .
The 2007 World Cup in the Caribbean was criticised for dragging on too long ; it had lasted for six weeks with the 16 participating teams divided into groups of four , and had two teams from each progressing to the Super Eights stage .
" We 're on record as saying that we acknowledged that 2007 might have been longer than desired .
So we want to take a week off , if not more , " Haroon Lorgat , the ICC chief executive , said after the meeting .
" We wanted to get the balance correct .
We had one proviso that we would not have wanted more than two of the subcontinent teams in any one group .
The rest depends on where you stand in the rankings and you use the formula that allocates the teams , dependent on your positioning in the ranking tables . "
David Morgan , the ICC president , added : " We 're already certain that it will be shorter .
You can be sure that we at the ICC had learnt from past mistakes .
I mean there is no doubt that the ICC World Cup in the Caribbean was unsuccessful in some aspects . "
At the meeting , the ICC also lauded the success of the World Cup 's miniature version , the ICC Champions Trophy , which had earlier won the endorsement of Ricky Ponting and Daniel Vettori .
" I think most experts of the game and the opinion - makers are now convinced the ICC Champions Trophy definitely has a place in the cricket calendar , " Morgan said .
" It also gives me immense pleasure to say the quality of cricket we have seen in the last 14 days proves that 50 - over format can comfortably co-exist with the traditional five - day Test and the short 20 - over formats . "
Groups for the 2011 World Cup
Group A - Australia , Pakistan , New Zealand , Sri Lanka , Zimbabwe , Canada , Kenya .
Group B - India , South Africa , England , West Indies , Bangladesh , Ireland , Netherlands .
By the year 2012 it is estimated that there will be 190 million households worldwide that own video games consoles , with 93 % of children playing video games at some time .
Many individuals have looked at gender in music or film , but rarely has it been looked at from the perspective of interactive entertainment .
One of the significant differences between video games and other forms of media is the participation of the user .
In films and movies , the individual has a very passive role : simply observing the stimulus .
Individuals who play video games are actually acting out the behavior being prescribed to them .
For instance , while someone may listen to a rap song about sexually assaulting and degrading women , that person actually may actually performs these activities artificially in games like Grand Theft Auto , which embodies a much more active role .
This allows individuals to play the gender roles that are presented to them and further cement them into the social construct of the individual and society .
Super Mario RPG Intro
Two major games that many people of all ages have had at least some exposure to are Super Mario Brothers and The Legend of Zelda .
Both of these games have undersized male heroes going on epic journeys .
The more important aspect I am concerned with is whom they are trying to save .
In Mario , the character who is trying to be saved is Princess Peach , and in Zelda , it is Princess Zelda .
Both characters have been portrayed in very similar gender stereotypes .
They are both women who have been kidnapped across the span of over twenty different adventures , and the same formula is played out in each game .
The story can be generalized in that the princess keeps getting kidnapped by some sort of monster , somehow calls to the hero for help , and the man must go through a difficult adventure to save the princess .
I think it is important to look at the underlying assumptions that are key to these stories .
The first is that the princess is portrayed in a very delicate and fragile role , which needs to be defended by a male .
Rarely in these games is the princess even given a voice other than calling for help .
She enjoys butterflies , the color pink , and surrounds herself with delicate accessories .
The next assumption is that women are trouble , which is a stereotype that has been repeated in many forms from The Bible to classic literature , and even in reality TV .
These women through their kidnapping have become a burden that the hero must bare .
This point is emphasized by the continuous and repetitious use of the hero / damsel in distress formula , spanning across twenty different games .
The princesses are most often portrayed as victims who must be both protected and taken care of by men .
The message sent to men–the primary consumer–is that women are delicate and fragile , and are in need of protection , which perpetuates the idea of male superiority and female dependence .
Although women are sometimes portrayed as the helpless victims in interactive media , other times they are presented as dominatrixes , which represent the other extreme stereotype of women .
The primary game I will be discussing is called Bayonetta .
In this game you play as the character Bayonetta who is a witch whose clothes transform into monsters that attack enemies , rendering you as the player naked for a short period of time .
In addition , many of her attacks involve the spreading and contorting of her legs .
Bayonetta also represents an idealized female form that is unattainable by the majority of women .
She has a very tiny waist and extremely large , unrealistic breasts for a woman of her size .
The clothes she does wear are leather and skin - tight , pistol - equipped high heels , and glasses that can be described as librarian - esque , which no doubt imply an aura of sexual vulnerability and fantasy for men .
Compared to her counterparts in Mario and Zelda , she is substantially more sexual in nature and her language reflects this as well .
This , like the other roles females play in games , reinforces a variety of stereotypes .
The first is that women are sex objects , and that in order for them to be powerful they must embrace this sex object role .
The character of Bayonetta is a powerful woman , but she is a sex object first and foremost , and this is the message that is sent to the player .
If Bayonetta were not a sex object , men would be less likely to accept her as a powerful character .
This implies that if women want to be powerful , they essentially must accept their objectification and celebrate it .
The next stereotype that she represents is the unrealistic ideal female form .
She is proportioned in an hourglass shape that a very small percentage of women could even become close to replicating .
This is significant because it sends the message to the player –predominantly men–that women can and should look this way in order to be perceived as confident and powerful .
Most women would most likely agree it would be very difficult for her to perform the acrobatics she performs with her small size , heels , large breasts , and leather clothing .
This reinforces the idea that women ’s bodies are objects , which men may rate and evaluate .
These attitudes by men further perpetuate internalized objectification for women and result in lower self - esteem , greater body shame , and higher anxiety .
Before I discuss men , it is important to have a theoretical framework from which to work with .
On the topic of technology , our society picks and chooses which aspects perpetuate masculinity and which do the opposite .
For example , changing oil or putting new speakers in a car are considered masculine activities , while reprogramming software or installing a new sound card represent a nerd stereotype that is the opposite of masculine .
Some argue that the activity of gaming walks the line between the two .
Although playing with a machine by oneself may be a “ nerdy ” activity , the fantasy of playing as a hero or on your favorite football team is very attractive to even the most masculine .
Regardless of gaming ’s place in the masculinity spectrum , the behaviors individuals perform while playing through the games are very masculine in nature , and ultra competitive .
Often , homophobia makes an appearance during this time as many gamers call each other “ fags ” via Internet chat in order to compete for dominance .
These same men will call one individual a “ fag ” and then turn around and pretend to dip their testicles into another male player ’s mouth ( teabagging ) .
Men play a more linear role in most games .
Often they are “ the protector ” with a hyper - masculine emphasis .
Most male characters are rough and tough , have no reservations about killing , usually have super human strength and abilities , and always end up with the girl .
Generally , their body type is substantially larger than the averages male ’s and contain very large , well - defined muscles .
The game I will look at for masculinity is titled Gears of War , a story of two warring worlds .
In the game , there is not a single female soldier and the men are giants who wear metal armor .
They carry enormous guns which have chainsaws attached to them .
The men talk “ like regular guys , ” signified by competing for dominance through insulting their enemies as though war is just a game .
They also downplay and punish anything emotional in the game .
They deal with their emotional problems through action instead of internal processing .
The game prides itself in being manly and not being for “ sissies . ”
It is ultra violent , full of blood and gore , and portrays a few dominant masculine stereotypes .
The first is physical perfection for men ’s bodies .
These men are not only in shape ; they are almost monster - like in appearance .
This allows the man ’s body to exert the maximum amount of action , which represents the idea of the “ body of action ” ideal that men strive for .
Next , the men create a system of communication among them that punishes emotions , care - centered thinking , and compassion in general , while rewarding the use of brute force , anger , and violence as a means of expressing oneself .
This emotional processing is an externalizing defense style , which means rather than processing their feelings the soldiers externalize their pain , in a form of violence or anger against an objectified opponent .
Men are generally portrayed as ill tempered , independent and self - sustaining in games and this results in very poor models for boys and men to follow and act through .
Almost all modern video games are targeted toward the 18 - 24 year old male demographic .
One question that may be asked is why is gender in video games important ?
Is n’t it a good thing to have women playing video games too ?
In the book From Barbie to Mortal Kombat , Justine Cassell and Henry Jenkins discuss the social ramifications of games being gendered .
They tie together the need for technology literacy and gender equality .
Many careers , especially those in which women have a difficult time accessing , have a technology literacy precondition that may filter women from these job markets , and therefore allows for gender segregation .
Boy ’s access to computer games which involve networking computers , interpreting technical jargon , following technical directions , creating peer to peer networks , and general computer use , greatly enhance their technical abilities when entering the job market .
This allows men to gain experience while women fall behind .
It is important to create less sexist video games that are targeted for women ; to give men better male role models in media ; and to reinforce realistic and healthy ideals about women .
Overall video games are very sexist in nature , and although there are a few that break down gender stereotypes ( Metroid , Beyond Good and Evil , and Heavy Rain ) for the most part they seem to perpetuate America ’s patriarch .
This has been very trying to write for me personally because I am an avid video game fan , and it was difficult to label something that I enjoy “ sexist . ”
These games are not just a hobby for me , but also large part of my childhood and adult life .
I have tried throughout this piece to set aside my emotional reaction of defensiveness to this subject in order to give an objective and realistic look on the subject .
Although difficult at times , I felt that this article was a great way to challenge my beliefs , defensiveness , and some of my own sexism .
I would ask you to do the same .
The opinions expressed in this article are solely those of Kipp Pietrantonio .
*** Editor ’s note :
As a standalone piece , I feel Kipp ’s article is well - written , and it states his point of view perfectly .
Gender equality for some continues to be an unfortunately controversial subject matter .
This is a first for Elder - Geek.com , but I ’ve decided to remove commenting for this article .
Some comments have been disrespectful and so for this article , I ’ve removed the ability to comment altogether .
I understand that the Internet is a jungle and everyone has a right to say things on their mind , but on Elder - Geek.com , I simply cannot stand for intolerance of any type whether it ’s for race , religion , age , gender or sexual orientation .
Let it be said that I am always open for and highly encourage healthy discussion about our articles here on Elder - Geek.com and hope to encourage more in the future .- – - Randy ***
Earlier this month , Wayne County , Michigan Circuit Judge Timothy Kenny threw out the murder conviction of Dwayne Provience , who had been convicted for a 2000 drug - related murder in downtown Detroit .
After nine - and - a- half years in prison , Provience was released on $ 500 bond .
Prosecutors are now deciding whether to retry him .
Provience 's mother watched from the courtroom as Kenny announced his decision .
She was overcome when she realized her son would be freed .
" It 's already Christmas , " Vonzella Battle told a local television station .
" It 's the holidays for me right now . "
There was another elated parent in the courtroom that morning as well .
Steve Cheolas , 54 , made the trip into the city from the suburban town of Harper Woods to watch his son Nick , a third - year law student at the University of Michigan , help win Provience 's release as a volunteer for the school 's Innocence Clinic .
The younger Cheolas handled the clinic 's investigation of the police and prosecutors who worked on Provience 's case , a critical component to Provience 's argument for a new trial .
" I 've always been proud of Nick , " the elder Cheolas says .
" But I 'm particularly proud of the work he 's doing for the Innocence Clinic .
To see those family members with joy written all over their faces , well , it just made me feel good . "
The two families could n't be more different .
Provience is black , and comes from a poor family in downtown Detroit .
The Cheolases are white , an upper - middle class family from the suburbs .
But a shared experience put the two parents in the courtroom that morning : Both have felt the brunt end of a flawed criminal justice system .
It was after witnessing his own parents ' five - year battle with local law enforcement that Nick Cheolas developed an interest in criminal law .
That moved him to get involved with the Innocence Clinic after enrolling in law school .
And that 's how , with his dad looking on , he had the opportunity to help deliver Vonzella Battle 's early Christmas present .
" I had always been brought up to be trusting of authority , trusting of the criminal justice system , " Nick says .
" Anyone who has the sort of experience my family had will never trust it again .
And it 's one thing for it to happen to my family .
These were n't felonies , and we had the resources to fight back .
But when you think about the people most in need of police protection , how it can happen to them .
When they can't trust law enforcement , the criminal justice system as a whole fails . "
It all began on April 24 , 2004 , when Steve and Candice Cheolas , 58 , threw a surprise birthday party for their 15 - year - old daughter .
The family says that several of the teens smuggled alcohol into the party without their knowledge .
One girl became intoxicated , eventually requiring hospitalization .
Her parents called the police .
" The actual encounter with the police that night was about as uneventful as something like that could be , " says Nick , who was a freshman in college at the time .
" Everyone was friendly .
It was a couple weeks later , when we started seeing the police reports with obviously false statements in them , that we realized we were going to have problems . "
Steve and Candice Cheolas were charged with controlling a social gathering where alcohol was consumed by minors , a crime that requires both knowledge and acceptance of the minors ' consumption .
They were also charged with contributing to the delinquency of a minor .
Additionally , Candice Cheolas was charged with obstructing a police officer .
" If you look at the depositions , none of the kids said my parents knew there was drinking going on , " Nick says .
" They said they snuck alcohol in their pants , or were hiding in the bathroom to drink .
The police said my parents were drunk and smelled of alcohol .
That 's just a lie .
My parents do n't drink in the home , except for maybe a glass of wine with Christmas dinner . "
The Cheolases eventually discovered that the police officers who came to their home that night had written two sets of reports , and there were major discrepancies between the two drafts .
The second drafts included damning information about the Cheolases that was nowhere to be found in the initial reports .
They also discovered the officers were wearing microphones on their uniforms that connected to the dash cam on their patrol cars .
The audio recordings captured by those microphones would eventually vindicate the family in court .
" The police reports attributed 28 separate statements to my mother that made her seem drunk , belligerent and confrontational .
Of those 28 , only one benign statement actually shows up in the audio .
Everyone lied after the fact .
The police , the paramedics , the parents of the girl who got drunk .
The tapes show that , " Nick says .
The police reports also allege that when officers attempted to enter the home , Candice Cheolas repeatedly screamed at them and blocked their access to the doorway — the reason for the obstruction charge .
But the audio tapes show she was n't even outside when the officers entered the home , and bear no evidence of screaming .
All of which is why the prosecution took the unusual step of trying to prevent the police department 's own audio tapes from being admitted into evidence .
Why would police produce false reports when they know the entire incident was recorded ?
" I really do n't know , " Nick says .
" I guess they figured they 're cops , so what the hell is going to happen to them ?
And you know what ?
They 're right .
They 've gotten away with it . "
Candice Cheolas was finally tried in January 2006 .
The prosecution called 28 witnesses .
When the state rested its case , Macomb County District Judge Walter Jakubowski , Jr. ordered a directed verdict in favor of the defendant .
Candice Cheolas did n't even need to put on a defense .
Directed verdicts are rare , issued only in cases where the state has utterly failed to make its case .
But anyone who listened to Judge Jakubwoski during the trial might have seen it coming .
Jubowski was openly scornful of the prosecution throughout the trial , at one point stating that he was " infuriated " and " fed up " with the state 's tactics .
When the city prosecutor tried to recall a police officer to the witness stand to clarify after he'd been shown to have given false testimony , Jubowski sarcastically asked if the state planned to have the officer go home " to polish his testimony " first .
He once asked the prosecutor if his aim was to " crucify " Candice Cheolas .
At another point he bluntly asked the city attorney , " There 's prosecution , and there 's persecution .
Which are we doing here ? "
Candice Cheolas ' victory in criminal court gave the family some vindication , but they still chafe at the lack of accountability .
" No one involved in all of this has ever been sanctioned or punished in any way , " Nick says .
Steve adds , " They could do it again if they wanted .
And they 'd get away with it again . "
The Cheolases estimate that the ordeal has cost them just under a million dollars .
Last month , a federal district court judge threw out their civil rights lawsuit against the city , the police , and the prosecutors .
They plan to appeal .
The city , meanwhile , has since filed a motion asking the court to force the family to pay the city 's legal expenses .
Nick Cheolas sees parallels between his family 's case and Provience's .
" In both cases you have police and prosecutors making major mistakes , and not by accident .
People messed up , and they messed up on purpose .
In Dwayne 's case , they not only had evidence that he was innocent , the same prosecutor 's office argued in a separate case that two other men committed the same murder .
They never told Dwayne 's attorneys . "
But Nick 's father emphasizes that the similarities end there .
" What we went through pales in comparison , " Steve says , referring to Provience 's nine years in prison .
" I 'm just saying it opened our eyes .
I was always of the mindset that it was okay for the police to do a little wrong in relation to very bad people .
And I think that 's a pretty common thought .
I now fully understand how even little wrongs are simply wrong , even when they 're done to bad people .
Once you start there , where do you stop ? "
Steve says though his friends in Harper Woods believe his family was railroaded , many of them still retain his own old mindset when it comes to how police and prosecutors deal with less savory people — people like Dwayne Provinciel , who after all had a couple of drug convictions on his record at the time he was charged with murder .
" I try to tell them , it 's the other way around .
If it can happen to us , can you imagine how easy it is for them to do it to people who have already made mistakes , or who do n't have the resources to defend themselves ? "
His son certainly can .
Radley Balko is a senior editor at Reason magazine .
Great way to show that Christian spirt !
Embed :
Members of the AUC , classified as a terrorist organisation by the US , reportedly hired to offer protection for landowners
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Honduran landowners have reportedly hired former Colombian paramilitaries as mercenaries to protect them against possible violence stemming from government tensions , a UN panel said today .
The UN working group on mercenaries said that it has received reports that some 40 former members of United Self - Defence Forces of Colombia , or AUC .
The US government classifies the AUC as a terrorist organisation .
They will protect properties and individuals " from further violence between supporters of the de facto government and those of the deposed President Manuel Zelaya , " it said .
Separately , a 120 - person group of paramilitaries from several countries in that region was reportedly created to support the coup in Honduras , the panel said .
Honduras is a party to the international convention against the recruitment , use , financing and training of mercenaries , the group said .
The panel is composed of Shaista Shameem of Fiji , Najat al - Hajjaji of Libya , Amada Benavides de Perez of Colombia , Jose Luis Gomez del Prado of Spain and Alexander Nikitin of Russia .
The group also alleged that Honduran police and the mercenaries indiscriminately used " long range acoustic devices " against Zelaya and his supporters taking refuge at the Brazilian embassy in Tegucigalpa .
The device can blast sounds by concentrating voice commands and a car alarm - like noise that can be heard nearly two miles away .
" We urge the Honduran authorities to take all practical measures to prevent the use of mercenaries within its territory and to fully investigate allegations concerning their presence and activities , " the group said .
Zelaya was toppled in the 28 June military - backed coup that has paralysed the impoverished Central American nation with street protests , the suspension of foreign aid , diplomatic isolation and a standoff between the rival claimants to the presidency .
The crisis deepened when Zelaya slipped back into the country in late September and took refuge with dozens of supporters in the Brazilian embassy .
Governments throughout the world insist the ousted president serve out the final months of his term and be restored to his office in time to prepare for the November election .
« Things to read while the simulator runs ; part 8 | Main |
How big is a whale ? »
November 12 , 2009
Power laws and all that jazz , redux
Long time readers will be very familiar with my interest in power - law distributions ( for instance , here and here ) .
So , I 'm happy ( and relieved ) to report that my review article , with Cosma Shalizi and Mark Newman , on methods for fitting and validating power - law distributions in empirical data has finally appeared in print over at SIAM Review .
Given that this project started back in late 2004 for me , it 's very pleasing to see the finished product in print .
This calls for a celebration , for sure .
A. Clauset , C. R. Shalizi and M. E. J. Newman .
" Power - law distributions in empirical data . "
SIAM Review 51 ( 4 ) , 661-703 ( 2009 ) .
( Download the code . )
Power - law distributions occur in many situations of scientiﬁc interest and have signiﬁcant consequences for our understanding of natural and man-made phenomena .
Unfortunately , the detection and characterization of power laws is complicated by the large ﬂuctuations that occur in the tail of the distribution -- the part of the distribution representing large but rare events -- and by the diﬃculty of identifying the range over which power - law behavior holds .
Commonly used methods for analyzing power - law data , such as least - squares ﬁtting , can produce substantially inaccurate estimates of parameters for power - law distributions , and even in cases where such methods return accurate answers they are still unsatisfactory because they give no indication of whether the data obey a power law at all .
Here we present a principled statistical framework for discerning and quantifying power - law behavior in empirical data .
Our approach combines maximum - likelihood ﬁtting methods with goodness - of - ﬁt tests based on the Kolmogorov–Smirnov ( KS ) statistic and likelihood ratios .
We evaluate the eﬀectiveness of the approach with tests on synthetic data and give critical comparisons to previous approaches .
We also apply the proposed methods to twenty - four real - world data sets from a range of diﬀerent disciplines , each of which has been conjectured to follow a power - law distribution .
In some cases we ﬁnd these conjectures to be consistent with the data , while in others the power law is ruled out .
Here 's a brief summary of the 24 data sets we looked at , and our conclusions as to how much statistical support there is in the data for them to follow a power - law distribution :
Good :
frequency of words ( Zipf 's law )
Moderate :
frequency of bird sightings
size of blackouts
book sales
population of US cities
size of religions
severity of inter-state wars
number of citations
papers authored
protein - interaction degree distribution
severity of terrorist attacks
With an exponential cut - off :
size of forest fires
intensity of solar flares
intensity of earthquakes ( Gutenberg - Richter law )
popularity of surnames
number of web hits
number of web links , with cut - off
Internet ( AS ) degree distribution
number of phone calls
size of email address book
number of species per genus
None :
HTTP session sizes
wealth
metabolite degree distribution
posted November 12 , 2009 08:19 AM in Complex Systems | permalink
Funny that wealth should not be distributed according to a power law , when so much research into this area has been inspired by Pareto 's original research :-)
Posted by : Henrik at November 12 , 2009 11:05 AM
The story for wealth is slightly more complicated : basically , there 's too much structure in the distribution for it to be merely a power - law distribution .
It 's certainly highly skewed and heavy - tailed , but there 's more going on there than a simple power - law hypothesis would lead you to believe .
Posted by : Aaron at November 12 , 2009 01:03 PM
Aaron -
Thanks for the paper and the code - I got the pointer from Peter Mucha here at UNC .
I used it to test Bank sizes and holdings of credit derivatives ( do n't follow a power law ) .
Jesse
Posted by : Jesse Blocher at November 12 , 2009 05:39 PM
Two - thirds of American personal bankruptcies are related to health care costs .
Businesses - particularly small businesses - cannot afford to provide health insurance for their employees under the current employer based private insurance system , and will be forced to either drop their coverage or go out of business unless a public option is passed .
One - sixth of all our government spending is on health care , twice as much as any other country spends out of its budget .
Our nation pays $ 2.5 trillion for care costing $ 912 billion .
Every independent estimate says the public option will save us money , from saving 150 billion dollars ( CBO ) to saving 265 billion dollars ( Commonwealth ) .
The Congressional Budget Office estimates the current bill in the House would leave a 6 billion dollar surplus .
So - if you 'd rather spend more taxpayer money , bankrupt businesses , AND pay $ 29,000 a year for your family 's private insurance coverage in exchange for a policy that can be dumped the second you actually need it , then the current system is great for you .
If you 'd rather spend less , wait less , have less of a chance of dying , and want to remove the corporate bureaucrat from between you and your doctor , then a public option is the way to go .
Right now , even if you 're lucky enough not to be dropped by your provider when you need urgent medical care , your private insurance company can overrule your doctor 's advice for life - saving treatment and only offer to cover something cheaper ; a public option would remove that middleman and leave these decisions where they belong , between the patient and doctor .
Any elected Democrat making the case for health care should know these arguments in and out .
They 're quick , they 're effective , and when communicated in sequence , they 're bulletproof .
Most importantly , they kill every Republican talking point while staying consistently on the offensive .
A super simplified overview would be :
Do n't believe for a second that you 're immune
They must think we 're fucking idiots
You 're getting ripped off
The walls are closing in
The threat is a mortal one
People are going broke
Businesses are going broke
Our government is going broke
A public option saves everyone money
Private insurance is what 's killing the patient - doctor relationship
Steps one through three in sequence are what especially open the door for undecided citizens on the issue to listen to the remainder of the argument without glazing over at all the figures .
Voters first listen if they think something effects THEM , they resent being tricked , and they hate being robbed - in that order ; it 's the same strategy Republicans have been using successfully ( in their case , with boldface lies ) for years : it begins with fear to grab the viewer , then taking umbrage to identify with the viewer , and finally telling the viewer who is taking them to the cleaners now that the trust has been earned .
Perhaps it 's time someone applied that strategy honestly for a change , as the genuine sense of fear , umbrage , and thievery surrounding our murder by spreadsheet health care system is thoroughly legitimate and justified , and has to be brought to the attention of the electorate for the desperately needed public option to become the law of the land .
Sources for the less commonly known statistics ( h/t to NBBooks and Edgar ) :
(1) Americans are just as likely to be dropped as they are to receive care from private insurance when life - saving treatment is actually needed .
(3) The statistic of an average Canadian family paying less than $ 2000 a year is based on an average Canadian paying $ 40 a month , multiplied by twelve months ( $ 480 per year ) , multiplied by a family of four ( $ 1920 per family per year ) .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A mother has won the right to compensation for her son , two years after he was hit 11 times by another three - year - old boy with a car jack .
Jay Jones , of Wirral , Merseyside , needed stitches after he was attacked while the boys were alone in a car .
The Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority twice refused to pay out as it disputed whether a three - year - old could be guilty of a crime of violence .
But the Tribunals Service has ruled in favour of Jay 's mother , Renai Williams .
A judge ruled the CICA must award the full amount to Jay , which could be up to £ 27,000 , and agreed with his solicitors that the age of his attacker was irrelevant to the case .
' Long process '
Jay suffered a gash to his head and was taken to Arrowe Park Hospital after the attack , in December 2007 .
Nearly two years on , Ms Williams was finally told her son was eligible for compensation for his injuries .
She said : " This has been a long and hard - fought process .
We have been knocked back twice by the CICA because , in my opinion , they did n't take my son 's case seriously .
Jay Jones was treated in hospital for a gash to his head " My son was hit 11 times on his head and face with a car jack , his attacker kept on lashing out even though Jay was screaming out in pain and covered in blood . "
Ms Williams added she feared her son would die and that she was " too scared to even look at him because his injuries were so bad " .
For an agonising 25 minutes , when they first arrived at the hospital , she said doctors were unsure whether her son would survive .
" He still remembers what happened to him and he will often talk about it , " she said .
" It might have taken a month for all the bruising and swelling to go down but we do n't know how long - lasting the psychological affects are going to be . "
Ms Williams said her son deserved compensation , which will be decided on through assessing the severity of the mental trauma he suffered .
Jay 's assailant cannot be named for legal reasons .
He can not be prosecuted for the offence because of his age and he is currently in the care of social services .
The age of criminal responsibility in England , Wales and Northern Ireland is 10 .
Psychological tests HAVE YOUR SAY
It sounds like an horrific incident but is anyone really culpable for it ?
Richard Hill , Birmingham Michelle Armstrong , of Kirwans Solicitors , which represented the family , said : " The CICA rejected the case twice , questioning whether the actions of a three - year - old perpetrator could constitute a ' crime of violence ' .
" We argued that the age of the perpetrator was irrelevant when claiming compensation from the CICA .
And it was on this point that we won . "
Jay will now have psychological tests to see how the incident affected him , before the level of compensation is decided .
A spokesman for the CICA said it did not comment on individual cases , but said it made " payments to victims of violent crime as a gesture of public sympathy . "
" To ensure that the application of the scheme is as robust as possible there are safeguards built in , " he said .
" All cases are decided on their own merits and , if an applicant does not think their case was assessed fairly , they may apply to have it reviewed , which can then go to tribunal if there is a further dispute . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
COLUMBUS , Ohio --
Ohio State players say if their rivals at Michigan are putting in extra time , they 're not alone .
So are the Buckeyes .
And so is any team , they say , that wants to be any good .
Michigan 's coaching staff has been accused by a handful of current and former players -- all speaking anonymously -- of pushing too hard and forcing them to put in too many hours .
Join the club , the Buckeyes said .
Ohio State captains Kurt Coleman and Doug Worthington and head coach Jim Tressel all said Tuesday that it takes extra work to compete these days in major college football -- and the players who want to be great understand that .
The NCAA may have a 20 - hour per week cap , but the players do n't live by that .
" I think Michigan is probably abiding by the rules , " said Coleman , a starting safety .
" But , you know , to be great you have to put in more than 20 hours .
That 's just the minimum .
In any great program , each player is putting in more than what they 're required to .
And it 's all on their own .
That 's what takes a program to the next level , when guys are going above and beyond the call of duty . "
Worthington said that no matter what the coaches say -- or the NCAA -- players who want to get better will become workaholics .
He said it was up to the upperclassmen to make sure that the younger players kept their noses to the grindstone .
" It 's hard to be a good football team giving 20 hours , but you know the rules and that 's why leaders and captains and seniors have to make sure we keep guys after and we watch more film , " the starting defensive lineman said .
" Do it on our time , but make sure we know it 's nothing mandatory .
But if you want to be good , it takes more than just 20 hours . "
Tressel all but said it 's useless to try to restrain players from working at a sport .
" What makes it difficult is how good these kids want to be , " he said .
" Sometimes you have to chain the doors of the Woody Hayes [ football ] center , you know , to get them out of there .
These kids want to be good .
They want to train .
They want to get their buddies in there and throw the ball around , those kinds of things . "
Tressel went to great lengths to say that he and his staff do not prescribe extra workouts for players beyond what they can meet during their allotted 20 hours per week during the season .
But that does n't mean Ohio State 's players are only working 20 hours per week : Tressel said it 's foolish to try to rein in young , committed and ambitious athletes .
" It 'd be like telling our med students , ' We 're going to close the library , ' " he said .
" You 've got to let them train .
There is a fine line , but the safeguards we have are we have set schedules and forms that we fill out , just like everyone . "
Michigan coach Rich Rodriguez said Monday that the Wolverines follow the NCAA rules on required work , but his comments essentially mirrored Tressel 's : Players were so eager to work well beyond the NCAA caps that they often called Michigan 's coaches to open up the weight room .
Rodriguez installed a rigorous conditioning regimen at Michigan when he was hired after the 2007 season .
While some players struggled to adapt , most credited it with improving their athleticism and several former Wolverines now in the NFL praised the program after working out at the school in the offseason .
Tressel said each time he has taken a head coaching job -- in 1986 at Youngstown State and again in 2001 at Ohio State -- players came up to him to tell him that under the prior regime the team had lost its discipline and toughness and needed to work harder .
" So I think deep down kids want to work hard , " he said .
" I have n't had anyone come in and say , ' You know what , Coach ?
We spent too much time at it and that 's why we did n't do as well as we wanted to do . ' "
The U.S.S. New York commissioning took place today .
The U.S. Navy warship , built partially from steel from the World Trade Center , arrived in New York harbor earlier this week .
The U.S.S. New York ’s bow is built from 7.5 tons of World Trade Center steel .
The ship docked at 9:59 AM Monday morning , when it moored to Pier 88 .
The official commissioning ceremony was scheduled for today .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton gave the keynote address .
She noted the sacrifices made by Americans since 9 - 11 , but included Fort Hood , which some may find contentious , as the anti-terrorist message of the U.S.S.
New York is thus linked to a mass murder which may have been the result of one man ’s mental instability , not terrorism .
“ The motto of the USS New York is ‘ Strength forged through sacrifice .
Never forget .
By commissioning this ship today , we reaffirm the best and the worst of humanity , that we have seen from September 11th to Fort Hood . ”
New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg and New York governor David Paterson also attended the U.S.S. New York commissioning , as did former NYC mayor Rudy Giuliani .
Now that the U.S.S. New York commissioning is complete , the ship will be open to the public before leaving for its home port in Virginia on Thursday .
The U.S.S. New York is the fifth in the line of San Antonio - class amphibious dock vessels .
Four vessels in that class are already in service ( the U.S.S. San Antonio , U.S.S. New Orleans , U.S.S. Mesa Verde and U.S.S. Green Bay ) .
Four others are being built , of which two are also have been named in connection with the Sept. 11 attacks .
Those two are the U.S.S. Somerset , which is named after the county in Pennsylvania where United Airlines flight 93 crashed , and the U.S.S. Arlington , which is named to honor the Sept. 11 attack on the Pentagon .
Originally on SNAFU-ed
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A waiter given a £ 10,000 reward for helping to convict a rapist has donated the money to the victim .
Lloyd Gardner , 22 , of Ottery St Mary , Devon , contacted police in 2006 after seeing CCTV footage of a man wanted in connection with the rape in Exeter .
He spotted two women he knew on the film - and they led police to rapist Jakub Tomczak .
Mr Gardner said he did not deserve the reward and hoped the cash would help the woman rebuild her life .
He said : " I was told I was entitled to a reward because I gave police the lead they needed as I recognised the two girls and through them detectives were able to track the man down .
I would have probably spent it on an expensive car or something which does n't seem right so I am happy with my decision
Lloyd Gardner
" It was a difficult decision to make because it is a lot of money and it would have been very helpful but I did n't feel like a deserved it at all .
" With the state that the girl was in after the incident , I really felt that it would go towards making her life a lot better over the next couple of years . "
The 48 - year - old woman who was attacked in July 2006 was found naked and unconscious in Exeter .
She had suffered a skull fracture and brain damage in the attack and her injuries were so severe she was left with no memory of what had happened and now uses a wheelchair .
Mr Gardner added : " I know that it was the right thing to do .
I would have probably spent it on an expensive car or something which does n't seem right so I am happy with my decision . "
Jakub Tomczak is serving his sentence in a Polish prison Jakub Tomczak , a Polish national , was found guilty of rape and causing grievous bodily harm at Exeter Crown Court in January last year and was given two life sentences to be served in Poland .
The 25 - year - old , who was a law student at the time , had been on a night out in the city , and his movements were tracked by CCTV camera .
After the attack , he returned to Poland where , four months later , he voluntarily gave a DNA sample to local police at the request of UK officers .
The sample was analysed in the UK , where it matched the DNA profile taken from semen found on the victim .
He was brought back to the UK to face trial under a European arrest warrant , before being repatriated to Poland after his conviction .
He had denied the attack , saying he had gone home after becoming separated from friends .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Russia ’s 2012 election will likely prove decisive in the Putin - Medvedev relationship , though the election itself will probably be much less significant than the period immediately before it , when the real decision — which of them runs for president and wins — will be made .
Most believe the choice is still Putin’s , but Medvedev ’s supporters hope that Putin wo n’t fight back if they mount a real challenge .
The closer the election comes , the greater the pressure on Russia ’s elite to choose sides .
Ironically , the competition between Medvedev and Putin creates more political space in Russia , but in some ways limits its media space .
Those within the elite have the freedom to choose sides and to discuss the reasons for their choices online and in newspapers , but cannot broach the topic on television , which is controlled most tightly because of its national impact .
Television channels are in the unhappy position of receiving conflicting guidance from the Kremlin ( the president ’s office ) and Russia ’s White House ( the prime minister ’s office ) and trying to avoid offending either .
The competition can also produce curious results in Russia ’s foreign policy .
For example , while Medvedev sounds more like a liberal on domestic issues , he generally sounds tough on foreign policy — despite some forthcoming comments on Iran sanctions .
It would be risky for Medvedev to allow Putin to outflank him on national security , where the president has limited background and his toughness has been questioned .
Medvedev ’s reluctance to challenge Putin on foreign policy could prove to be an advantage if it lowers the profile of international issues as a topic of heated political combat .
Putin is sufficiently popular in Russia that he does not need “ foreign enemies ” to bolster his position ; even on the economy , he has fared better than Medvedev in opinion polls .
For the United States and Europe , however , Russia ’s new political uncertainty and the resulting ambiguous lines of authority only add to the difficulty of working with a corrupt , autocratic and often inept bureaucracy .
Nevertheless , the fact that Moscow is a frustrating interlocutor — and might become even more frustrating — does not mean that it is an impossible one .
And in view of the crucial international security issues at stake — including Iran , Afghanistan and energy security — Russia ’s many complexities and failings should not be an excuse to avoid seriously engaging with Moscow .
One thing is certain : Neither Barack Obama ’s charm nor appeals to common interests will persuade Russia ’s unsentimental leaders .
Only the combination of real leverage and real inducements can move the uneasy Putin - Medvedev partnership to accommodate American and broader Western priorities .
It 's happening .
As promised , there has been a Final Fantasy XIII announcement , and alongside new details contained in the embedded video , well , there 's a release date .
Both Europeans and North Americans will have Final Fantasy XIII in their hands this March 9th .
The epic video also confirms the inclusion of music from the British X - Factor winner Leona Lewis .
She will provide the game 's theme .
Blimey .
It is a little early to see how the Dubai situation will play out , but it seems to me that there is a significant chance that the Dubai situation will mark the beginning of the next leg down in the downward recessionary spiral and world debt unwind .
Oil prices are likely to drop , so few are likely to notice that oil ultimately plays a major role in the continuing debacle .
Most of us have heard that Dubai World is asking for a six month delay in paying back its debt .
The debt was supposedly backed by the Dubai government , so Standard & Poor 's considers this a default of the Dubai government .
Dubai by Itself
The Dubai situation is complicated , which is part of the reason why the restructuring of Dubai World 's debt took the world by surprise .
Dubai World , the conglomerate behind a huge number of commercial and residential buildings , is the one whose debt is being restructured .
The amount of the restructured debt for Dubai World is only about $ 60 billion , so by itself , is insignificant compared to the size of the world economy .
The government of Dubai backs the Dubai World debt .
If one includes the government of Dubai , total debts are about $ 80 billion , which is still not a huge amount compared to world assets .
Dubai does n't have much oil .
It also does n't have much water , or much arable land either .
It is a major financial center , and would like to expand in that role .
But without a growing world oil supply ( or at least growing Middle - East oil supply ) , it is difficult to see how continuing growth might happen .
Dubai 's property values have dropped in the past year and vacancies are a significant issue .
If one knows about peak oil , it is pretty easy to see where Dubai World is headed , over not too long a timeframe .
The energy intense plan it has put together is not sustainable for very long .
Except for financial services , Dubai does not have much to sell .
Financial services generally depend on growth , and in particular growth in debt , but this does not seem really sustainable either , unless extracted resources can provide the needed growth -- something that seems increasingly less likely .
Bailout for Dubai ?
Based on the above description , a bailout for Dubai is at best a temporary band - aid .
Dubai is part of the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) , and Abu Dhabi is the senior partner in the UAE .
Unlike Dubai , Abu Dhabi has significant oil reserves and has a huge sovereign wealth fund .
According to the Independent :
As with Iceland , the Ukraine , Hungary and many other states , Dubai can and should be saved .
The damage is containable .
Aid must come from Dubai ’s partners in the United Arab Emirates , especially oil - rich Abu Dhabi ; from the Gulf Cooperation Council , dominated by Saudi Arabia ; and from the IMF .
Abu Dhabi ’s sovereign wealth fund alone is worth about $ 700 bn , the biggest in the world .
So the funds are there to organise some sort of rescue ; the political will must be found .
So there seem to be funds available .
But the question is : will others really want to put more money into what is fairly clearly a sinking ship , especially if one understands the world oil situation ?
In the absence of a bail out , the interest rates of the whole region are likely to go up , and this may put more pressure on Abu Dhabi or the Gulf Cooperation Council .
But if there is a bankruptcy , the assets may become available very cheaply .
This countervailing incentive may ultimately win-- we do n't know yet .
Also , the amount of bailout that is needed may be less than $ 60 billion .
If the bailout applies only to the bonds whose date is currently being extended , the funding requirement could be as little as $ 22 billion .
Parallels to Dubai
One can think of quite a few parallels to Dubai .
The fact that there are so many parallels is what makes it easy for the fallout from Dubai to spread widely .
Subprime
In some ways , Dubai World is equivalent to the sub - prime housing market for the US - - one of the most vulnerable spots in a downturn .
There is a huge amount of debt involved .
The real estate owned by Dubai World uses a huge amount of energy to make an inhospitable location desirable .
It is in a vulnerable location , not unlike the distant suburbs , favored by those buying homes with sub - prime mortgages in the US .
In some ways , Dubai World is a " canary in a coal mine . "
One wonders how far Las Vegas is behind Dubai .
Commercial Credit
To some extent , what we see in Dubai World is part of the commercial credit crisis that is occurring in many parts of the world .
Too many commercial buildings have been built in areas where they are not needed .
Prices have dropped , and vacancy rates have risen .
The buildings were built with debt , and now there is serious question now whether this debt can be repaid .
Multi-Layered Debt
Before the crisis hit , everyone seemed to believe that someone was responsible was guaranteeing Dubai World 's debt .
Dubai was guaranteeing Dubai World 's debt , but who is guaranteeing Dubai's ?
If another organization ( such as Abu Dubai ) is guaranteeing Dubai 's debt , are they also guaranteeing Dubai World 's debt ?
Around the world , we have all kinds of governmental entities responsible for huge amounts of sovereign and sub - sovereign debt .
Much of the sub - sovereign debt is not doing well .
We have this in the US , with the government guaranteeing the debt of all kinds of organizations , from nuclear electric power generation to housing lenders to the FDIC to the pension guarantee fund .
There are also states and cities with huge amounts of debt , supposedly guaranteed by insurance companies -- but certainly those insurance companies do n't have enough assets to handle more than a tiny percentage of defaults .
Many states and cities are having serious problems with tax collections .
Federal bailout funds have been helping for a time , but they wo n't help indefinitely .
How does all this work out ?
Islamic Debt
Dubai World is not the only Middle Eastern organization with debt restructuring .
Earlier this year we read :
A sukuk default by Kuwait 's Investment Dar and debt restructuring at Saudi conglomerates have shaken confidence in the $ 1 trillion Islamic finance industry , fanning debate about investors ' protection and investors ' rights .
Billed as safer than traditional banking due to requirements for assets to underpin deals , Islamic bond holders worry they may not have any more legal safeguards than conventional counterparts in case of default , or perhaps even less , partly due to the untested nature of the process .
So if this default is n't the first -- it is really the third in a row of what was supposed to be a safer way of lending -- the default raises questions about lending in general in the Middle - East .
If countries in the Middle - East are using this type of financing for some of their new oil investment , this default is likely to mean that interest rates will be higher , and funds less available , if they want financing in the future .
Debt of Emerging Economies
Dubai is an emerging economy .
Recently , investors have been less worried about defaults of these economies , based on costs for insuring against debt defaults .
But now , the default of Dubai raises the issue of how secure the debts of these emerging market economies really are .
Some of these emerging economies are oil producing nations , so might be thought to be safer , but the Dubai situation begins to raise questions .
Some oil producing countries that come to mind with potential debt problems include Mexico , Angola , Brazil , Kazakhstan , and Russia .
If there is increased concern about the debt of these countries , loans are likely to be less available , and interest rates higher .
This is also true for loans related to oil investment , even if the loan is to a company within the country , rather than the country itself .
Debt of Countries ( or smaller organizations ) that Have Excessive Debt
The Dubai situation brings to mind the fact that there are quite a number of countries -- not necessarily emerging markets -- with high levels of debt , that may not be able to pay back the debt either .
Examples include Japan , Italy , Greece , Hungary , and the Ukraine .
States like California come to mind as well .
If Dubai defaults ( or even if it does n't ) , what is the fallout potential ?
Direct Fallout
The direct fallout potential of a debt default by Dubai seems to be relatively small .
There are a number of European banks that may have to recognize losses on these bonds , but the amount of exposure is likely to be manageable at least according to BBC .
Some banks have already had their equity shored up , in recognition that problems such as this are still " hiding " somewhere .
For example , the Royal Bank of Scotland has had its equity shored up by the Treasury 's Asset Protection Plan .
But if the equity of some banks is reduced once they are forced to recognize losses on the bonds , these banks may cut back on future loans , to keep their ratios of loans to equity within acceptable bounds .
There are also some investments of Dubai World outside of Dubai .
For example , Rembrandt tells me that Dubai World is one of the largest investors in the industrial region " tweede maasvlakte " in the Netherlands , and that Dubai World has a 30 % share in the consortium for a new container terminal which should start operations in 2013 in Netherlands .
A default by Dubai World could have an impact on investments such as these .
There might also be some derivatives relating to the default of Dubai ( or Dubai World ) that would need to be paid .
Indirect Fallout
The indirect impacts are the big concern .
Some of these indirect impacts are likely to happen , even if Dubai is bailed out , because the Dubai incident points out that the world is still vulnerable to credit issues -- contrary to the assuring statements that governments and major newspapers recently have made .
Higher Interest Rates and / or Stricter Underwriting Standards
Which borrowers might be subject to higher interest rates ( or stricter underwriting standards ) ?
Looking at the " Parallels to Dubai " list above , the Dubai problems suggest that debt problems may be much more widespread than is currently contemplated in the pricing of loans .
Sovereign ( governmental ) debt default has receded from concern recently , especially for emerging nations .
If Dubai can have debt problems , when it is in the oil - rich part of the world , and a major financial hub , this raises questions on many types of sovereign debt , for countries not as well situated .
And if sovereign debt can have problems , this raises also questions on sub - sovereign debt -- all of the debt of organizations whose debt is guaranteed by governments , but is not governmental debt itself .
The problems with commercial real estate are also highlighted .
In some places , it may be a very long time until occupancy rates get to acceptable levels , and values of buildings get back to historical levels .
Interest rates everywhere are likely to rise , according to the Vancouver based Citizen 's Bank :
" Perhaps the financial effect of this specific problem will be contained locally and will not infect the greater global economy , " it [ Citizen 's Bank ] said .
" However , one effect of this event will be that the cost of money just got a lot more expensive for everyone .
Credit guidelines will be tightened again by all banks , not just those who are affected by Dubai ; this will make it more difficult for consumers and businesses to borrow at all , never mind the interest rate .
It would not be an understatement to say that Dubai is driving everything in the market at the moment . "
And of course , the cost for insuring against debt default is likely to rise , also , since there is greater perceived risk of default .
Pressure on Governments to Rein in their Debt
With interest rates rising , and with an example that sovereign debt default can occur , there is likely to be greater pressure on governments to stop the rapid rise in borrowing seen in the past year .
Of course , if there are limitations on the additional debt by governments , it will also becomes more difficult for governments to bail out banks and other organizations that need assistance .
This will increase the likelihood that major banks will fail and cannot be bailed out , as happened in Iceland .
Pressure on federal governments may also lead to pressure on more local governments .
If federal governments cannot continue to borrow as much , it will be hard for them to bail out local governments .
Rising Gold
If debt looks risky , investors will look elsewhere .
Gold especially is likely to be bid up .
There is n't a lot of it , but many governments and investors will want to buy gold , to avoid what appear to be unsafe currencies .
Increased Volatility in Currency Exchange Rates
My guess is that initially , investors will flock to US Treasuries , and the dollar will be bid up in value .
Then US Treasuries will not be perceived as safe , and investors will shift to other currencies , perhaps the Canadian dollar or the Euro .
Eventually , I wonder whether there will need to be a change to the international currency system to reduce the volatility .
This might involve less free exchange among currencies .
Unwind of the " Carry Trade "
A number of individuals have been writing about what appears to be an increasing " carry trade , " with interest rates near zero in many countries .
What happens with " carry trade " is investors borrow money in one currency , and invest it in bonds or stocks using another currency .
There are many currencies which can be borrowed at low interest rates now , which might be suitable .
The dollar , when it was falling , would be especially desirable , because the continuing decline relative to other currencies would give investors a second opportunity for gain .
If there are sudden changes in the relativities of the various currencies , it doing " carry trades " will suddenly become much more risky , and hence less desirable .
This is especially the case the currency which has been borrowed begins to rise in value relative to other currencies , because then the cost to pay back the loan suddenly rises .
For example , if the US dollar is being used for carry trade , and it starts rising instead of falling , this could lead to an unwind of these exposures .
Another push toward unwind of the carry trade may come from the perception that the investments being purchased with the borrowed funds , especially if they are in emerging markets , are more risky than originally assumed .
Lower Stock Market Prices
One can make a case that the rise in stock market prices around the world in the past few months has been financed by loans at close to zero interest rates , including carry trade debt .
To the extent that interest rates rise ( or debt becomes less available ) , this will tend to deflate such a bubble .
Also , if the carry trade starts to unwind because of currency volatility and other issues , this will mean less money available for investment in stock markets , and will further reduce prices .
Graph by Gary Dorsh from Gold News .
Besides the unwind of the bubble caused by debt at near 0 % interest rates , there will also be the issue of lower profits by stock companies , because of lower sales ( due to lack of availability of debt for would - be buyers to purchase the products sold by the companies ) .
Lower Commodity Prices
If debt rates are higher , and credit is less available , demand will drop further for discretionary items , such as new cars , furnishing for homes , and expensive food , including meat .
With lower demand , prices will drop for commodities including oil , natural gas , uranium , and some types of food .
Lower Investment in Oil , Natural Gas , Uranium , and Farm Equipment
With ( 1 ) lower commodity prices , ( 2 ) more volatile prices because of changing exchange rates , and ( 3 ) higher interest rates , there is likely to be less investment in a large number of items , including oil , natural gas , uranium , and farm equipment .
One reason for the lower investment will be lower profits ( because of the lower prices ) , leaving less funds for reinvestment .
Layoffs , More Recession
With debt less available , individuals , businesses , and governments will be buying fewer goods and services of all types .
The people working in sectors that would have been providing these goods and services will find themselves without jobs , or with reduced hours .
Timing
All of this will not necessarily happen at once .
Initial analyses are likely to show that even in the case of a Dubai default , losses can easily handled by the system .
It will only be as higher interest rates and tighter lending standards start working their way through the system that the impact will really start being felt .
Within three months , I would expect impacts to start being felt fairly widely , if my view of the situation is right .
This is a pixelated Ghost Pirate LeChuck tattoo in the style of the original Monkey Island .
It 's badass and if my balls were any more steel I would have it on my face .
Sadly , my little pirate huevos are 24 K gold AND BLIND YOUR MOTHER ALL THE TIME .
Oh , and for those of you who have no idea who this is , may God have mercy on your soul .
On a side note , the 5th ( and final ) serial in the Tales of Monkey Island series comes out tomorrow .
I 've played through it all so far and highly recommend it DESPITE NEVER RECOMMENDING ANYTHING .
Take it as you will , I 'm feeling yell -y tonight .
Ghost Pirate LeChuck Tattoo [ bme ]
Thanks to Edd , who knows the damage a little voodoo rootbeer can do to a ghost pirate .
Internet commenters are n't generally known for their eloquence and impeccable manners .
Still , people 's tasteless little one - offs are relatively harmless most of the time — until the comment police happen across your note and contact your employer .
That 's what happened to one unlucky commenter posting to the online version of the St. Louis Post - Dispatch ( of all places ) , where a poorly chosen vulgarity eventually led to the loss of his job .
The Post - Dispatch had posted a story last Friday on its blog about the " craziest thing you 've ever eaten . "
You 're all geeks , so we 're guessing that your minds are going all sorts of places .
So were the commenters on that post .
Kurt Greenbaum , director of social media for the Post - Dispatch who had made the post , noticed that one commenter had posted a " single word , a vulgar expression for a part of a woman ’s anatomy " ( let your imagination run wild ) .
The comment was deleted , but this particular user must have been enthused about his cunning lingual abilities , as he went back minutes later to post it a second time .
That 's when Greenbaum got irked .
In a new blog post , Greenbaum described to the world about how he noticed the IP address of the poster in question — WordPress sends e-mail alerts anytime someone comments on a post with IP and Whois information attached — and identified it as belonging to a local school .
Instead of merely accepting that this person had the maturity level of a seventh - grader , Greenbaum just went ahead and called the school .
A few hours of investigation later , the school was able to identify and confront the employee .
That person supposedly resigned " on the spot . "
There are many things that are disturbing about this situation , starting with Greenbaum 's apparent willingness to brag about it publicly — are we five years old here ?
" Ha ha , someone posted naughty words and I got him fired ! "
There 's also the question of whether Greenbaum has done ( or would have done ) the same for other vulgar comments posted on the site — surely this is n't the first time someone has used a NSFW term in the comments of a story .
" Of all the comments that you guys choose to ' narc on , ' for lack of a better term , you chose one that was actually kind of funny [...]
Vulgar , yes , but nowhere near as offensive as some of the racist stuff I ’ve seen of here , " one commenter named Karen wrote .
How does he decide what 's a tattle - to - the - employer comment versus a merely annoying one ?
We tried to ask Greenbaum these questions but he declined to comment .
Then there 's the question of whether pulling this move and then telling everyone about it was really worth throwing the paper 's integrity into question — while other newspapers are fighting tooth and nail to protect the identity of their anonymous commenters , the Post - Dispatch has proven that it will reveal that info with little prodding .
If commenters on a story can't trust that he wo n't report them to their employers if they say something he does n't like , what about sources ?
It might give someone — say , if there was inside information involved — pause that Greenbaum might be indiscreet with that information as well .
Whatever the end result , as evidenced by the comments on his blog post , he has certainly hurt the relationship the newspaper had with some of its readers .
Further reading :
Here is a list of the top 10 MMA fighters of all time .
I could keep writing about the virtues of each fighter but I ’d rather let their actions do the talking ….
10 . Frank Shamrock
9. Wanderlei Silva
8. BJ Penn
7. Antonio Nogueira
6. Randy Couture
5. Chuck Liddell
4. GSP
3. Royce Gracie
2. Anderson Silva
1. Fedor Emelianenko
GPs to get bigger bonuses if they meet swine flu jab targets
Cash incentive : GPs will get paid £ 7.88 for each swine flu vaccination
Doctors are in line for huge bonuses if large numbers of their patients sign up for swine flu jabs .
Managers at a major health trust are offering extra payments on top of the £ 5.25 that GPs already get per injection .
If they vaccinate more than 90 per cent of those deemed at risk of the disease in their area , they will get 50 per cent more per jab - £ 7.88 per person .
An uptake of just 40 per cent will earn doctors an extra 10 per cent .
The extra payments are being offered by Heart of Birmingham primary care trust , according to Pulse magazine .
It is not known whether the bonuses , which would be worth thousands of pounds per practice , are available elsewhere in the country .
Last night , critics expressed outrage that GPs were getting yet more money for effectively pushing drugs on to their patients .
They said medics should not be given extra rewards simply for doing their jobs .
Doctors insist the money will go towards overtime and the extra staff needed to give the jabs .
Yet GPs have seen their pay soar since the introduction of new contracts .
The average salary is now more than £ 106,000 - 47 per cent higher than the £ 72,000 they earned in 2002 / 03 , according to the Department of Health .
Pulse reports that officials in Birmingham are worried about a second wave of swine flu over the winter .
Vaccinations are initially being offered to pregnant women and patients with underlying health problems such as asthma and diabetes .
Norman Lamb , Liberal Democrat health spokesman , said : ' It is hard to justify yet more payments to GPs .
There is already an agreed payment which means that substantial amounts of money will flow to GPs .
' This agreement works on the assumption that GPs are n't motivated by what is best for their patients .
' The danger is that swine flu will become a massive money - spinner for drugs companies . '
Jackie Fletcher , of vaccination support group Jabs , said : ' There are huge questions about the integrity of vaccine decisions if doctors are paid to give them . '
A spokesman for the trust said Birmingham had been badly hit by swine flu over the summer and the bonus scheme was a carefully - considered response .
The scale of the impact of swine flu on the working - age population is starting to emerge .
Figures from the NHS Information Centre show that almost a half of all those admitted to hospital after catching the disease over the summer were aged between 17 and 59 .
The figures are surprising because flu usually affects the young and the old .
They show that a bigger second wave of the illness could have a devastating impact on the economy , and could put the NHS under severe pressure .
The number of bed days spent in hospital by flu patients soared from 207 in July 2008 to 3,976 in July 2009 .
Last week , an estimated 84,000 new cases of the virus were reported and experts are predicting a spike over the winter months .
In July the figure stood at 100,000 a week .
On October 21 , 1978 , John Updike was in Zagreb , Croatia , at the invitation of the Writers ’ Association of Croatia and the American Information Center .
In the afternoon , he gave a lengthy interview to Zvonimir Radeljković and Omer Hadžiselimović , professors of English who specialized in American literature at the University of Sarajevo .
In it , Updike expounds on his writing process , his favorite novelists , and that year ’s Nobel Prize for Literature , which went to Isaac Bashevis Singer ( “ It was a surprising choice .
The Nobel Committee , once again , has surprised us all ” ) .
Updike ’s novel “ Marry Me ” had come out the previous year , and he had just published “ The Coup . ”
He had completed two of his four “ Rabbit ” novels .
The interview , entitled “ American Centaur , ” was published in 1979 in a Zagreb literary magazine called Književna Smotra .
The English version appears here for the first time .
Today , Hadžiselimović is an adjunct English professor at Loyola University Chicago ; Radeljković still teaches in Sarajevo .
We interviewed John Updike in Zagreb , Croatia , on October 21 , 1978 .
He had arrived a day earlier .
Tall , gray - haired , tired , and suffering from a cold , Updike talked to us for an hour over coffee at the Palace Hotel .
It was his third interview that day , and yet , as he said , it was the only one about literature , rather than about lost baggage or tourist impressions — or pornography .
Hadžiselimović : Mr. Updike , would you like to comment on this year ’s Nobel Prize for literature ?
Updike : I was surprised a lot by it , but then I ’m surprised every year .
I think it is a good award .
I do n’t know who Singer ’s competitors were .
In the United States , Singer is widely respected — I do n’t think widely read .
He is known but he certainly does not have anything like Bellow ’s national presence .
He , in a way , is a Polish writer who lives in the United States , and his best writing seems to me to be still out of the Polish - Jewish world that has long ceased to exist .
But I admire what I ’ve read and think he is a lovely man , and it ’s nice to have a prize given to this particular kind of spokesman , I think , of the last of the Yiddish writers .
But it was a surprising choice .
The Nobel Committee , once again , has surprised us all .
Radeljković : Mr. Updike , I would like to ask you about your actual process of writing .
Do you have a fixed schedule ?
How do you do it , actually ?
Updike :
Well , the schedule is semi-fixed .
I try to write in the morning and then into the afternoon .
I ’m a later riser ; fortunately , my wife is also a late riser .
We get up in unison and fight for the newspaper for half an hour .
Then I rush into my office around 9:30 and try to put the creative project first .
I have a late lunch , and then the rest of the day somehow gets squandered .
There is a great deal of busywork to a writer ’s life , as to a professor ’s life , a great deal of work that matters only in that , if you do n’t do it , your desk becomes very full of papers .
So , there is a lot of letter answering and a certain amount of speaking , though I try to keep that at a minimum .
But I ’ve never been a night writer , unlike some of my colleagues , and I ’ve never believed that one should wait until one is inspired because I think that pleasures of not writing are so great that if you ever start indulging them you will never write again .
So , I try to be a regular sort of fellow — much like a dentist drilling his teeth every morning — except Sunday , I do n’t work on Sunday , and there are of course some holidays I take .
I should mention something that nobody ever thinks about , but proofreading takes a lot of time .
After you write something , there are these proofs that keep coming , and there ’s this panicky feeling that this is me and I must make it better .
A good deal of time is spent actually rewriting , rereading what you have written .
Radeljković :
Do you do most of your rewriting in proof , or do you rewrite and reread before that a lot ?
Updike : Not as much as some writers .
I try to write in my head before I begin , enough so that at least a general shape is there .
And I usually put a thing through two versions : the first , whether it ’s typewritten or handwritten , and then a cleanly typed version , which I do myself .
Some stories or passages are more difficult and demand more fussing with than others , but , in general , I ’m a two - draft writer rather than a six - draft writer , or whatever .
But the proofs I do take very seriously , as another opportunity to prove and to see with a fresh eye .
Hadžiselimović :
What is your position vis-a - vis other modern , contemporary novelists in America ; vis -a - vis the innovative or absurd fiction , as some have called it ; guys like Sorrentino , Sukenick , Wurlitzer , Pynchon , Barthelme , John Barth ?
Do you feel your art and messages as being different from theirs , and if so , how ?
Updike : I ’ve seen myself critically opposed to this school .
I do n’t feel opposed to it .
I ’m very unevenly acquainted with the writers you mention .
Barthelme is a fellow New Yorker writer whom I read faithfully and have learned a fair amount from .
I think Barthelme ’s stories of the sixties were really very liberating as far as what one could do with a short story , and I know that my own short stories have been influenced by his .
Also , like Hemingway , he ’s a great simplifier or stripper away of verbal nonsense .
After reading enough Barthelme , your own stories tend to become a little shorter and cleaner and more spasmodic .
John Barth , I think , was really a writer of my own age and somewhat of my own temperament , although his books are very different from mine , and he has been a spokesman for the very ambitious , long , rather academic novel .
But I do n’t think that what he is saying , so far as I understand it , is so very different from what I ’m saying .
His last novel , Chimera , which is really a series of novellas , was essentially about the kind of marital breakup and re-synthesis that I have written about .
Pynchon I do feel more alien to ; I really find it not easy to read him ; I do n’t like the funny names and I do n’t like the leaden feeling of the cosmos that he sets for us .
I believe that life is frightening and tragic , but I think that it is other things , too .
Temperamentally , I just have not been able to read enough Pynchon to pronounce intelligently upon him .
Clearly , the man is the darling of literary criticism in America now , especially of collegiate criticism .
I am just no expert but all I can say is I have not much enjoyed the Pynchon I have tried to read .
Hadžiselimović : Has he turned up ?
Updike : People know him .
I ’ve never met him , but Barthelme I know is a fairly good friend and he does have a physical existence .
I think he lives in California and has lived in Mexico .
Indeed , he attended my wife ’s alma mater of Cornell , where I ’m sure Pynchon scholars have looked up his examinations .
Strange to say , he , like my wife , took a course with the late Vladimir Nabokov when he taught at Cornell , and Mrs. Nabokov remembered Pynchon ’s handwriting .
Evidently , she was the one who corrected the exams .
So Pynchon , like Salinger , does exist .
But he is hard to find .
Even as I give one interview after another in Yugoslavia , I sympathize with the wish to not give interviews .
I think it is not merely that these men are being perverse or playing games with their public , but there ’s something polluting about expressing opinions beyond what you express in your fiction .
In other words , I have opinions ; every man has opinions .
But they are really only opinions and they are of interest only because of what I have written .
So , in a way , I do n’t mind Pynchon ’s staying out of public life .
This is sort of a byway .
I am not among those who has found much comfort in Pynchon .
As to so - called black humor , which is maybe a passé phrase , it did seem to me at its best to be true enough and to
correspond with a quality of , at least , American life in the sixties .
I think of some of my own themes as at least humorous and gray , if not black .
Perhaps I can be enlisted as a gray humorist , not a black one .
In 1917 , during World War I , American songwriter Irving Berlin was drafted into the U.S. Army .
He was already a successful songwriter at that point , known for huge hits like “ Alexander 's Ragtime Band ” ( 1911 ) and “ A Pretty Girl Is Like a Melody ” ( 1915 ) .
Berlin was stationed at Camp Upton in Yaphank , New York .
Not long after he arrived , an officer asked if he’d be willing to write a musical show for the soldiers at the base to perform .
Berlin agreed and composed a set of songs for a musical he called Yip - Yip - Yaphank .
He wrote at least eight songs for the show .
They included “ Oh , How I Hate To Get Up in the Morning , ” which later became a hugely popular hit , and several now - forgotten songs , like “ Mandy ” ( a minstrel - style song performed by soldiers in drag and blackface ) .
One notable song Berlin wrote for Yip - Yip - Yaphank that did n’t make it into the show was titled “ God Bless America . ”
Before the musical was performed in July 1918 , Berlin decided “ God Bless America ” was “ too solemn . ”
So , he cut it from the song list , stored his written copy away and forgot about it for twenty years .
Then , in 1938 , British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain ’s attempt to appease Adolf Hitler and prevent a second world war ended up bringing the song to light .
Irving Berlin happened to be in London when Chamberlain announced that he and Hitler had signed the “ Anglo - German Pact of Friendship , ” or “ Munich Agreement . ”
That pact permitted Nazi Germany to annex the part of Czechoslovakia called Sudetenland in return for Hitler ’s supposed promise to refrain from any further land grabs and remain at peace with other European countries .
Chamberlain optimistically proclaimed that the agreement had secured “ peace for our time . ”
Chamberlain ’s remark inspired Berlin .
He told a friend he wanted to write “ a great peace song , ” a patriotic song that celebrated America at peace .
After a couple of false starts , Berlin recalled his abandoned song from Yip - Yip - Yaphank .
He made some edits to the lyrics and ended up with the song as we know it today .
It starts with these familiar lines :
“ God bless America ,
Land that I love ,
Stand beside her and guide her
Through the night with a light from above .
From the mountains to the prairies ,
To the oceans white with foam ,
God bless America ,
My home sweet home . ”
Berlin gave his patriotic “ peace song ” to renowned American singer Kate Smith for its initial unveiling .
She debuted it on her popular radio show on November 11 , 1938 — the 20th anniversary of Armistice Day , the commemoration of the peace agreement that ended World War I .
Ultimately ( and infamously ) Chamberlain ’s attempt to appease Hitler failed to prevent World War II .
It also rubbed activist - folksinger Woody Guthrie the wrong way .
Irving Berlin and Kate Smith were rich and famous celebrities .
Woody Guthrie was a vocal advocate for low - income Americans and was a poor man himself .
He knew from first - hand experience that life in America was n’t so sweet for most people in late 1930s — the height of the Great Depression .
He felt America needed an anthem for those common folk , instead of a mawkish one that seemed to just wave the flag and ignore the economic problems millions of Americans faced .
So , in 1940 , Guthrie wrote a song responding to “ God Bless America . ”
He originally titled it “ God Blessed America . ”
In the original lyrics , he ended each verse with the words “ God blessed America for me . ”
And the original last verse had a sardonic twist :
“ One bright sunny morning in the shadow of the steeple
By the Relief Office I saw my people ,
As they stood hungry , I stood there wondering
If God blessed America for me . ”
Over the next few years , Guthrie reworked the lyrics of the song .
It still reflected the viewpoint of working class Americans .
But he gave it a more positive spin , changed the line used at the end of the verses and retitled it .
Guthrie recorded that version of the song in 1944 .
You ’ll probably recognize it immediately from the first verse :
“ This land is your land , this land is my land
From California to the New York Island
From the Redwood Forest to the Gulf Stream waters
This land was made for you and me . ”
That ’s right .
Woody Guthrie ’s well - known song “ This Land is Your Land ” started out as “ God Blessed America , ” his musical answer to Irving Berlin .
And , ironically , it is now almost as famous and iconic as Berlin ’s song “ God Bless America . ”
* * * * * * * * * *
Comments ?
Corrections ?
Post them on the Famous Quotations Facebook Page .
Developing Catalyst Applications with Padre
And what an exciting year for Perl this was !
From Catalyst going Moose to all the web buzz
Perl got with the Iron Man Challenge and new site designs , the worldwide Perl community has never been as integrated , and programming was never this easy and fun .
One of the projects that really took off this year was Padre , the Perl IDE .
And in today 's Advent Calendar we 're gonna know a little more about it and how it can be used to write web applications in our favorite framework :-)
What is Padre ?
Padre is an Integrated Development Environment ( IDE ) written in Perl and specially crafted to aid Perl development , from simple beginner scripts to complex applications .
While Padre is still a rather young application itself , it is growing amazingly fast .
We have already seen over 50 CPAN releases and more than 9500 commits from 49 different contributors all around the world and , much like the Catalyst project , that list just keeps getting bigger and bigger .
Padre was created by Gábor Szabó to help Perl beginners and people who are more comfortable working outside of the command line , in a full - fledged IDE available in all major operating systems - it even has pre-built packages for Windows , MacOS X , and some Linux distros .
Padre supports class outlining and quick module creation , has integrated Perl documentation , CPAN integration , and also gives you code refactoring options like lexically renaming variables and extracting subroutines .
Even if you 're a long - time user of vim or Emacs , it 's definitely worth a try !
In fact , one of Padre 's great features is that , being written in Perl 5 itself , you can easily extend and fix your IDE whenever you find something you miss or do n't like about it .
Another killer feature for developers is Padre 's ability to add even more functionality via an extensible plugin system .
And that 's precisely what we did :-)
Enter Padre : : Plugin : : Catalyst
Padre : : Plugin : : Catalyst integrates Catalyst development and Padre , ( hopefully ) improving the programmer 's experience .
The Catalyst plugin has already been translated to Arabic , Brazilian Portuguese , Chinese ( Traditional ) , Dutch , French , German , Japanese , Polish , Russian , and Spanish ( thanks everyone ! ) , so there is no excuse not to try it .
Installation
cpan > install Padre : : Plugin :: Catalyst
If you already have Padre and Catalyst : : Devel installed , this should go really smoothly .
Otherwise , you might want to check your system 's installation instructions for Padre , as it can occasionally be complicated to install the development files for wxWidgets .
Once it 's installed , fire up Padre and go to the " Plugins - > Plugin Manager " menu option .
You should see a window with all installed plugins listed , including ours , with a miniaturized version of the Catalyst logo .
To enable the Catalyst Plugin , just double click on it , or select it and click on the " Enable " button of the Plugin Manager window .
What can we do already ?
The first thing you 'll notice after enabling the Catalyst Plugin is a big " Catalyst Dev Server " panel in the bottom of your main Padre window - probably next to the " Output " one .
This panel lets you toggle your application 's development web server and monitor its output .
You can even set it to automatically restart the server when files get modified by checking the " auto - restart " box ( the equivalent of the -r option in the MyApp_server.pl script ) .
You 'll also notice a new " Catalyst " menu entry under " Plugins " .
This menu lets you create and manipulate your Catalyst apps , and also provides quick access to the framework 's extensive online documentation .
The following options are available :
' New Catalyst Application '
As the name states , this option lets you create a new Catalyst application in a directory of your choosing .
Keep an eye in Padre 's Output panel , as all information regarding the newly created project will be displayed there .
' Create new ...'
Note :
The options below only work if your active document belongs to a Catalyst project .
The Catalyst helpers let you automatically create stub classes for your application 's MVC components .
With this menu option not only can you select your component 's name but also its type .
For instance , if you select " create new view " and have the Catalyst : : Helper : : View : : TT module installed on your system , the " TT " type will be available for you .
The available components are : * ' Model ' * ' View ' * ' Controller '
' Start / Stop Web Server '
Just like the button in the " Catalyst Dev Server " panel , these two options let you toggle your application 's dev server .
' Catalyst Online References '
If you 're a beginner in the Catalyst world , you might find this menu option particularly useful .
Not only does it give you quick access to several of the Catalyst 's online references and documentation ( such as the Catalyst Tutorial ) , it also has an item called " Catalyst Community Live Support " , which will point your default web browser to an IRC web interface connected directly to #catalyst in irc.perl.org , where you can ask your question to real humans who hang around there .
Dynamic context - menu item : ' Open Template '
As the Catalyst plugin starts to explore the actual document , a new feature emerges : if your action sets a template , right - clicking on the line where it is set will trigger a new option , " Open Template " , which will open the template file right there in your editor .
To infinity ... and beyond !
Even though the Catalyst plugin for Padre is really young , it already shows a lot of potential .
Combining the power of an IDE such as Padre to your Catalyst development process is bound to yield some awesome results .
That said , we could really use your help !
Take Padre and the Catalyst Plugin for a spin , and let us know what you love , what you hate , what you miss , and whatever you can come up with that might help Catalyst development under Padre .
Bug reports and wishlists are always welcome - patches even more !
Padre : : Plugin : : Catalyst is being developed in Padre 's main repository , and we all hang around in # padre ( irc.perl.org ) , so make sure to drop by and give us some feedback .
Well , that 's it for today .
I really hope you enjoyed it :-)
Happy Holidays , everyone !
And happy hacking !
Author
ROAD TRIP SPECIAL !
Are you traveling with a group from out of town ?
Contact Producer Sander Hicks for Special Pricing ( 25 % off ) for groups of four or more .
sanderhicksdotcom@gmail.com .
CONFERENCE HOTLINE : 347 627 4705 , 9 AM to 9 PM , weekdays .
How to do NYC on a budget ?
Stay in hostels Individual Tickets are $ 40 in advance , at Brown Paper Tickets , the ' fair - trade ' ticketing company , with great reviews on Yelp !
The $ 40 Price is the discounted advance price , for both days , 9/12 and 9/13 .
It goes up to $ 50 on August 23 .
$ 60 at the door .
Buy Now .
Washington ( CNN ) --
While President Obama 's war council deliberates its strategy toward Afghanistan , the ghost of Vietnam is often invoked as a warning .
Afghanistan , U.S. and coalition forces have been fighting in Afghanistan for eight years , and until recently the war had been overshadowed by the one in Iraq .
In March , Afghanistan will become America 's longest war , surpassing the Vietnam War .
The Vietnam War , which cost 58,000 American lives , is the one most often invoked when U.S. troops are committed overseas .
Although some say Afghanistan is " Obama 's Vietnam , " experts say there are several major similarities and differences between the two wars .
Eric Margolis , a veteran journalist and former Army soldier who served during the Vietnam War , said the biggest problem the United States is facing now -- as in Vietnam -- is fighting the mostly poor , rural insurgents who live among Afghans .
" It makes it very difficult to drive [ insurgents ] out , because they can stay there forever .
...
They 're at home .
When we attack villages where they are , we kill a lot of civilians , causing an uproar and turning the people more against us . "
Steve Clemons of the nonpartisan New America Foundation said one of the factors in the Soviet - Afghan War -- which pitted the Soviet - backed Democratic Republic of Afghanistan with the Soviet military against the Islamist Mujahideen Resistance -- was the brutal attacks inflicted on both fighters and civilians by the Soviets .
" [ There ] was the sense of outrage and grievance at some of the things that they had done and the triggering of a deeply felt emotional antagonism to the Soviet effort to dominate and colonize Afghanistan among the Pashtun . "
He worries that if the United States fails to focus on a more humanitarian and diplomatic approach , Americans will fall into the same trap the Soviets faced , which ultimately led to them leaving the country defeated .
" I think one of the things I 'm concerned about is whether or not we 're triggering those same kind of emotions among the Pashtuns today .
And believe me , the Pashtuns do n't care whether they 're [ going after ]
Americans or going after the Soviets .
If you begin to threaten their own perception of their own independence , then you turn Pashtuns into Taliban . "
Peter Beinart , who recently wrote an article called " Bury the Vietnam Analogy " on TheDailyBeast.com , has said there is a real sense of national identity for Afghanis that was n't seen in South Vietnam .
" Afghanistan is a real country that Afghans generally believe in .
They have an Afghan national identity .
That did n't exist in South Vietnam , " he said , adding that the Taliban is much less popular in Afghanistan than the Viet Cong was in South Vietnam .
In Vietnam , the Communists controlled the nationalist movement and had the nationalist legitimacy .
The Taliban , meanwhile , is not as organized as the Viet Cong and North Vietnamese army were .
But there is evidence the Taliban is changing , as shown by a series of recent well - coordinated attacks on remote Afghanistan outposts .
Journalist Margolis also compared the government of Afghanistan to the government of South Vietnam .
" In both cases , the government of Saigon [ South Vietnam ] and Kabul [ Afghanistan ] are heavily influenced by minorities .
We have made our enemies [ among ] the ethnic majority in Afghanistan who are the Pashtuns -- pretty well cut them out of power . "
The recent Afghanistan elections received worldwide attention for claims of fraud by the incumbent , President Hamid Karzai , who reportedly won the election .
After fierce international criticism , Karzai recently agreed to a runoff .
Another difference between the two wars comes in terms of troop numbers , Beinart said .
" I think what 's clear is that the resources we put in Afghanistan have been absolutely minuscule compared to Vietnam and compared to Iraq .
...
In 1968 , we had over 500,000 U.S. troops in South Vietnam .
We had up until a couple of years ago only about 20,000 [ in Afghanistan ] .
...
So what 's clear is , we have n't made anywhere near the kind of commitment to Afghanistan as we made to Vietnam . "
In the past month , Obama 's top commander in Afghanistan , Gen. Stanley McChrystal , issued a report to the president and the administration , outlining the problems facing the nation and what resources will be needed .
His prescription : more troops -- upwards of 40,000 by some estimates -- with the goal focusing on securing Afghan towns and cities in certain areas .
" And McChrystal 's request , that we need to actually protect the Afghanis in this situation as opposed to just go after and try to kill bad guys on the other team , is a very different approach than Vietnam and I do n't think has received enough attention , " Clemons said .
One of Obama 's biggest critics recently lashed out over the president 's deliberations on how to proceed in Afghanistan .
Former Vice President Dick Cheney said last week that Obama has failed to give troops on the ground a clear mission or defined goals and appeared " afraid to make a decision . "
" The White House must stop dithering while America 's armed forces are in danger , " he said .
" Make no mistake , signals of indecision out of Washington hurt our allies and embolden our adversaries . "
But on Sunday , a top Republican beat back against such criticism .
Sen .
Orrin Hatch of Utah said he thought some of Obama 's critics have been " hypercritical " in suggesting that the president was delaying a decision about Afghanistan .
Appearing on CNN's " State of the Union " on Sunday , Sen. Jim Webb , D - Virginia , also defended the president , saying he is using a " very proper and smart process " in taking time to weigh all options on the table .
And public opinion may be part of the reason :
There is declining support among Americans over sending more troops .
A CNN / Opinion Research Corp. poll , taken October 16 - 18 , showed 59 percent of Americans opposed sending more troops into the country .
The same poll found that 52 percent of Americans consider the war in Afghanistan has turned into another Vietnam War situation , while 46 say it 's not .
The poll had a margin of error of plus or minus 3 percentage points .
With the launch of the Charter for Compassion , it ’s the TED Blog ’s pleasure to unveil Karen Armstrong ‘s responses to the top 10 questions asked and voted on by the TED and Reddit community .
( See all the questions users asked . )
She covers the nature of compassion , the history of the conflict in the Middle East , and tough questions such as these :
Religion seems to cause racism , extremism — why not get rid of it ?
What ’s the point of a God that does n’t intervene ?
Why not discard religion and just teach the Golden Rule ?
A Q&A that rewards deep reading .
Enjoy !
Capitol62 asks :
It seems that the nexus of modern religious conflict is in the Middle East .
If that is correct , for your ideas about bringing faiths together with compassion and understanding to be successful you will need a strong commitment from religious leaders there .
I was wondering if you ’ve made any progress getting the Charter for Compassion together and how it has been received by Muslim leaders in the Middle East .
Actually the Middle East conflict is secular in origin .
It began as a conventional political dispute about a land .
Zionism was originally a rebellion against religious Judaism and the PLO Charter was essentially secularist .
But because the conflict was allowed to fester without a resolution , religion got sucked into the escalating cycle of violence and became part of the problem .
Violence and warfare affect everything that we do : they affect our dreams , aspirations , fantasies , relationships — and our religion .
Most of the religiously - articulated terrorism that troubles us today arose in regions where an originally secular armed conflict has become chronic .
It is patently the case in Afghanistan .
The root of the problem is political and unless there is a just , political solution to these problems in the Middle East , no amount of inter - faith understanding will be effective .
But you are right that the Middle East conflict is a “ nexus . ”
It has become a symbolic issue which stands for more than itself in the three monotheisms of Judaism , Christianity and Islam .
For many Muslims , the plight of the Palestinians has become emblematic of the apparent defeat of their religious , cultural and political aspirations in the modern period ; the State of Israel has inspired most Jewish fundamentalist movements — some passionately for the secular state of Israel and others vehemently either against it or adopting a deliberate and defiant neutrality towards it ; and the State of Israel also figures prominently in the End Time scenario of the Christian Right in the United States .
All this has certainly muddied the waters , because once a conflict becomes sacralised , issues become absolute and compromise is far ore difficult .
But by no means all Jews , Christians or Muslims adopt these extreme positions .
Many are eager , even desperate to achieve a peaceful solution in the Middle East and these are the voices that we need to amplify .
On our Council of Conscience , we have a Palestinian peace activist and the Grand Mufti of Egypt , one of the most senior clerics in the Middle East .
As I write this , we are reaching out to political and religious leaders in the Gulf States .
But there can be no quick fix .
Decades of warfare and destruction have made people on all sides suspicious and wary .
The political problems remain ; they are formidable and until a solution is found that satisfies all parties , there is no hope of either a secular or a religious settlement .
The Golden Rule could certainly be a useful yardstick : if we always treated others as we expect to be treated ourselves , many of the heinous actions that are the cause of such suffering to people on both sides of this conflict would be impossible .
If we would not like to suffer dispossession and exile , suicide bombing , oppression and terrorism , we should not inflict these on others .
But alas , that is not the way politicians think .
And when violence has become endemic , some religious people will , not surprisingly , become fearful , angry and , losing hope in the possibility of a conventional political settlement , some will turn to extremism .
Charismatic individuals can work wonders .
It is a pity that there is no politician or religious leader on either side of this conflict of the moral and spiritual stature of Gandhi , Mandela and Tutu .
renderedit asks :
Why did the Buddha teach that the existence of God ( that is , whether God exists or not ) is irrelevant ?
Before we get to the Buddha , I want to describe a spiritual exercise that developed in India in the 10th century BCE , four hundred years before his lifetime and which is a model of authentic religious discourse .
Other traditions have developed their own versions of this sacred contest and the principle it embodies underlies the Buddha ’s apparent insouciance about the ultimate reality .
It was called the Brahmodya Competition and its aim was to find a verbal formula that defined the Brahman , the ultimate reality that lies beyond the gods and is indefinable because it is the inmost essence of all things , the force that pulls the disparate parts of the universe together .
First , the Brahmin priests would go out into the jungle to make a retreat .
They fasted and practised breathing exercises that induced a different form of consciousness .
This is an important point .
You cannot talk about God , Brahman , Nirvana or Dao in the same way as you might discuss a business deal or argue an academic point .
You have to put yourself into the receptive frame of mind that is similar to the way we listen to music or poetry .
After their retreat , the priests returned to the compound to begin the competition .
The challenger issued his own elliptical and paradoxical description of the Brahman , one that embodied all his learning and insight .
Then his opponents had to respond , building on the challenger ’s formula and taking the description a step further .
But the winner was the priest who reduced everybody to silence — and in that silence the Brahman was present .
It was not present in the brilliant verbal conundrums but in the stunning realization of the impotence of speech .
Other traditions have called this transcendence God , Nirvana , or Dao and have also insisted that it lies beyond the reach of words .
It is not easy for us to appreciate this reticence .
We are used to getting instant information at the click of a mouse and can feel frustrated by the experience of unknowing .
We talk , I think , far too glibly about God , asking “ him ” ( ridiculous pronoun ! ) to bless our nation , save our queen , and support our side in a war or an election , even though our opponents must also be the objects of God ’s concern .
We have domesticated God ’s transcendence .
We often learn about God at about the same time as we are learning about Santa Claus ; but our ideas about Santa Claus change , mature and become more nuanced , whereas our ideas of God can remain at a rather infantile level .
This experience of numinous unknowing seems to be part of the way we human beings experience .
It lay at the heart of the Socratic dialogue , which can be seen as a rational version of the Brahmodya : it did not conclude with one of the participants defeating the arguments of the others but in a profound realization of the profundity of human ignorance .
When he contemplated the indeterminate universe of modern physics , Einstein said : “ To know that what is impenetrable to us really exists , manifesting itself to us as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty which our dull faculties can comprehend only in their most primitive forms — this knowledge , this feeling is at the centre of all true religiousness . ”
This is the kind of knowing that we derive from poetry — it can take a lifetime for a complex poem to declare its full meaning to us .
Music also , a highly rational art intimately related into mathematics , segues naturally into transcendence .
Good theology is also an attempt to express the inexpressible .
A modern theologian has described theological discourse as speech that segues into silence .
At the end of the symphony , when the last notes die away , there is often a pregnant , eloquent beat of silence before the applause begins .
Instead of giving us precise information about God , theology — at its best — should hold us in that beat of silence — just as the Brahmodya did .
In the past some of the most influential Jewish , Christian and Muslim theologians , such as Maimonides , Aquinas and Ibn Sina , made it clear that it was very difficult to speak about God , because when we confront the ultimate , we are at the end of what words or thoughts can do .
They insisted that we really do not know what we mean when we say that God is “ good , ” “ wise ” or “ intelligent ; ” they devised spiritual exercises , like the Brahmodya , that made us realize the inadequacy of all God-talk .
Some pointed out that we could not even say that God “ existed , ” because our concept of existence was too limited .
Some even preferred to call God “ Nothing ” because God was not another being .
So , if we cannot know what God is , what is the point of religion ?
The traditions have found that , even though God is not a metaphysical fact that we can know in the same way as we know the beings of our experience , we can gain some intimation of the divine by means of disciplined spiritual exercises — like the Brahmodya Competition — and a compassionate lifestyle .
All the traditions have discovered that the chief obstacle to this insight and enlightenment is egotism — selfishness , greed , envy , self - preoccupation and our engrained tendency to make ourselves the centre of the universe .
Yoga , for example , was a systematic dismantling of ego and an attempt to remove the “ I ” from our thinking .
In compassion , which all the traditions say brings us into relation with the transcendence we seek , we learn to dethrone ourselves from the centre of our world and put another there .
That is why the Buddha always refused to define the ultimate .
He had a monk , who was a philosopher manqué .
Neglecting his yoga and ethical practice , he kept pestering the Buddha about such questions as the existence of God and the creation of the world .
The Buddha told him that he was like a man who had been shot with a poisoned arrow but refused to have any medical treatment until he had discovered the name of his assailant and what village he came from : he would die before he received this perfectly useless information .
One could , the Buddha said , spend many pleasant hours discussing these fascinating topics but this would distract a monk from his main objective : “ Because , my disciples , they will not help you , they are not useful in the quest for holiness ; they do not lead to peace and to the direct knowledge of Nirvana . ”
In the oriental traditions , especially in India and China , the emphasis is not on what we are transcending to ( God , Nirvana , Brahman , Dao ) but on what we must transcend from , tamping out the “ unhelpful states of mind ” arising from egotism that hold us back from the perception of this transcendent reality that we can glimpse , but never rationally define .
blackstar9000 asks :
What one aspect of religion would you say is least understood by the general population , how can it be addressed , and what do you think would be the result if more people understood it ?
I think that the Western world — and particularly , perhaps , the Western Christian world — has lost sight of the fact that religion is a practical rather than a notional discipline .
It is not a question of thinking or “ believing ” things but of behaving consistently in a way that changes you at a profound level .
This is one of the principal themes of my book The Case for God .
Religious knowledge has to be acquired by dedicated practice — like driving , swimming or cooking .
You can not learn dancing or gymnastics by reading a book .
You have to devote hours and years of time to practising this skill ; you do not necessarily understand how your body achieves these amazing feats , but if you persevere you may learn to move with an unearthly grace and reveal a physical potential that is impossible for an untrained body .
The myths of religion are essentially programmes for action .
Many of the most ancient myths are overtly about the gods but are actually about humanity .
These stories about gods descending into the underworld and fighting with monsters were not meant to be factual or historical ; they were telling you how to enter into the labyrinthine world of the psyche and fight your own demons .
Unless a myth is put into practice , it remains as opaque and abstract as a musical score , which is impenetrable to most of us until it is “ incarnated ” instrumentally .
It is only when you apply it practically to your own life — either ritually or ethically — that it reveals its truth , in rather the same way as the instructions of a board game , which seem incomprehensible , complicated and boring until you pick up the dice and begin to play when everything falls into place .
Such a myth is not providing us with factual information about the universe but telling you something profoundly true about our humanity , the way our minds and hearts work , and how we can live more richly and intensely , beyond the reach of fear , hatred , and envy .
This is very clear in Buddhism , Confucianism , Judaism and Islam , which are all essentially religions of practice and have little or no obligatory dogma .
The “ five pillars ” of Islam , for example , are activities ( pilgrimage , almsgiving , fasting ) rather than doctrines requiring belief .
But it was also true of such Christian doctrines as Trinity ( originally a meditative exercise ) and Incarnation ( a call to lay aside the ego ; see Philippians 2:1 - 11 ) .
A myth has been defined as something that — in some sense — happened once but which also happens all the time .
It is only when you activate a myth , making it a reality in your own life , that you recognize its truth .
We lost this understanding of religion during the early modern period , when our conception of truth , became more notional , mythos was discredited , and practical knowledge downgraded .
At this time , the English word belief changed its meaning : beliven used to mean “ love , loyalty , commitment , engagement ; ” it was related to the German liebe ( “ beloved ” ) and the Latin libido ( “ desire ” ) .
Only in the late 17th century did it come to mean : “ an intellectual acceptance of a somewhat dubious proposition . ”
In the New Testament , when Jesus was asking for “ faith ” ( Greek : pistis , “ trust , involvement , commitment ” ) he was not asking for a credulous acceptance of a set of doctrines .
He was calling for action , seeking disciples who would give what they had to the poor , live rough , behave compassionately even to social outcasts , and devote their lives to the coming Kingdom when rich and poor , weak and powerful would live together in harmony .
When the early Christians recited “ creeds ” they were not expressing “ belief ” so much as making this kind of commitment ; the Latin credo derives from cor do : “ I give my heart . ”
By making “ belief ” in the modern sense so essential to religion , we have distorted our understanding of faith and placed far too much emphasis on doctrinal orthodoxy .
Nobody , after all , can have the last word on what we call “ God . ”
We now call religious people “ believers ” as though accepting certain dogmas was the most important thing that they did .
People like the rabbis , the fathers of the church , the Buddha , the sages of the Upanishads and Confucius would have found this very strange , because the teachings of religion make no sense until and unless they are translated into action .
Today we often think that before we start living a religious life we have first to accept the creedal doctrines and that before one can have any comprehension of the loyalty and trust of faith , one must first force one ’s mind to accept a host of incomprehensible doctrines .
But this is to put the cart before the horse .
First you change your behaviour — and only then do you begin to understand the truth that lies behind the dogma .
In his famous prayer , St Anselm , the 11th century archbishop of Canterbury , says : credo ut intelligam , which is usually translated : “ I believe in order that I may understand . ”
As a child , I always thought this meant that first I had to force my mind to “ believe ” the articles of the creed and then , as a reward , God would give me understanding .
But Anselm ’s words are more accurately translated : “ I involve / commit myself in order that I may understand . ”
It is only when you involve yourself in the ritual and ethical practices of religion that you achieve understanding .
That is why Anselm goes on to say : “ And unless I so involve myself , I will not understand . ”
The person who asked me this question also asked a series of questions about the Golden Rule ( “ Do not do to others what you would not like them to do to you ” or “ Always treat all others as you would wish to be treated yourself ” ) .
Why the emphasis on the Golden Rule ?
Why is it universal ?
Does it tell us anything substantial about religion , since it is also fundamental to secular ideologies ?
Because religion is essentially a practical activity , religious people are very pragmatic .
They do not usually adopt an ideology because it sounds good but because it has been found to work .
When people have practised the Golden Rule “ all day and every day ” as Confucius ( the first person to formulate it in the sixth century BCE ) prescribed , you find that you lay aside the ego , because the Golden Rule requires you to overcome selfishness and put yourself , consistently , kindly , and intelligently , all day and every day , in somebody else ’s shoes .
People have discovered that if they practice the Golden Rule faithfully , it slowly , incrementally , changes them .
They achieve what the Greeks called ekstasis , which is not an exotic trance but a disciplined , habitual “ stepping outside ” of the prism of selfishness .
This practice is fundamental to the enlightenment that we call God , Nirvana , Brahman or Dao .
As a dancer reveals the full potential of the human body , people find that living beyond the confines of self helps them to cultivate new capacities of mind and heart ; they discover a transcendent peace within themselves , which enables them to live serenely and creatively in the midst of the suffering that is an ineradicable part of the human condition .
The Golden Rule is the basis of religion and morality because this is the way our humanity works ; this tells us something profoundly true about the human condition .
But it is no use either “ believing ” or “ dis- believing ” in the efficacy of the Golden Rule .
You only discover its truth and effectiveness if you put it into practice “ all day and every day . ”
Read the rest of Karen Armstrong ’s answers , after the jump >>
( Continued )
rakv1971 asks :
What is the role of God in a world where neuroscience is peeling away at the subjective ?
I am afraid I am not up at the cutting edge of neuroscience , so I am not sure what you mean by “ peeling away at the subjective ? ”
Do you mean that our subjective impressions are unreliable representations of objective reality ?
If so , the mystics and sages of religion , especially in the eastern traditions , have long been aware of this .
They have all insisted that the ultimate ( God , Nirvana , Brahman , Dao ) lies beyond our normal psycho-mental states .
You could not think about Brahman ; nor could you experience God emotionally .
For the sages of the Upanishads ( c. 7th century BCE ) ,
In the seventh century BCE , Yajnavalkya , one of the great teachers in the Upanishads , the Brahman is identical with the innermost core ( atman ) of each human being , but it lay far deeper than our normal thoughts , sensations and experiences :
You ca n’t see the Seer who does the seeing ; you ca n’t hear the Hearer who does the hearing ; you ca n’t think with the Thinker who does the thinking ; you ca n’t perceive the Perceiver who does the Perceiving .
In the same way , the Buddha emphasized the ephemeral nature of our perceptions : to achieve enlightenment one had to go deeper .
And until the fourteenth century , when a fervid emotional piety began to surface in Europe , most of the Christian masters of the spiritual life insisted that you could not feel God any more than you could know what God is .
“ Blessed is he who is without sensations during prayer , ” said Evagrius of Pontus , one of the monks who lived a contemplative life in the Egyptian desert .
In the past , the most thoughtful spiritual advisers in all the major traditions have distrusted visions , exotic feelings or heavenly voices ; they claimed that they were the product of a fevered imagination and a distraction from the transcendence we seek .
Buddhists say that this type of experience is like so much electronic “ noise , ” a natural effect of the yogic disciplines , which have little significance in themselves .
They certainly have no supernatural origin .
Many of the meditative exercises developed in the traditions were designed precisely to wean people away from this type of emotional excess .
To cultivate extraordinary feelings and sensations and luxuriate in a warm glow meant that the contemplative or yogin would remain trapped in the ego that s/he was supposed to transcend .
Once religious experience is equated with fervid enthusiasm , people are in danger of losing touch with the psychological rhythms and realities of the interior life .
sweetbldnjesus asks :
What do you think accounts for today ’s strong disconnect between logos and mythos ?
In most premodern cultures , there were two generally recognized ways of thinking , speaking and acquiring knowledge .
The Greeks called them mythos and logos .
Both were essential and neither was considered superior to the other ; they were not in conflict but complementary .
Each had its own sphere of competence and it was considered unwise to mix the two .
Logos ( “ reason ” ) was the pragmatic mode of thought that enabled people to function effectively in the world , so it had to correspond accurately to external reality .
Logos was essential to the survival of our species , but it had its limitations .
It could not assuage human grief or find ultimate meaning in life ’s struggles .
For that people have turned to mythos , which focused on the more elusive , puzzling and tragic aspects of the human predicament that lay outside the remit of logos .
Human beings are meaning - seeking creatures .
We fall very easily into despair if we do not find some significance in our lives .
Myth helps us to achieve this .
If your child dies or you witness a terrible natural disaster , you want a scientific , rational explanation but you also need help in coping with the turbulence of your grief and despair .
Science can diagnose your cancer and can even cure it ; but it cannot assuage the disappointment , terror and dismay that come with the diagnosis , nor can it help you to die well .
That is the role of myth .
But a myth was not just a pretty story that provided you with a facile answer to the problems of mortality , pain , and sorrow .
It was , as I said above , a programme for action .
It could put you in the correct psychological or spiritual posture , but it was up to you to do the hard spiritual and psychological work with yourself and take the next step , making the “ truth ” of the myth a reality in your own life .
The modern disjunction between mythos and logos was one of the effects of the 17th century scientific revolution in the West .
At this time , logos began to achieve such spectacular results that myth became discredited .
So much so that in popular parlance today a “ myth ” often simply refers to something that is not true .
If accused of a peccadillo in his past life , a politician is likely to say “ It is a myth ” ; i.e. , it did n’t happen .
During the modern period in the West , the scientific methodology of logos was widely regarded as the only reliable means of attaining truth and this would make religion difficult , if not impossible .
As theologians began to adopt the criteria of science , the mythoi of Christianity were interpreted as empirically , rationally and historically verifiable and forced into a style of thinking that was alien to it .
Philosophers and scientists could no longer see the point of ritual , so religious knowledge became theoretical rather than practical .
Because we started to read our scriptures as though they were factual logos , we lost the art of interpreting the old stories of gods walking the earth , dead men rising from tombs or seas parting miraculously .
We also began to understand such concepts as faith , revelation , myth and mystery in ways that would have been very surprising to our ancestors .
This questioner also asks :
If so much evil has been perpetuated in the name of religion , is it not better to avoid organized religion altogether ?
There is no denying that terrible things have been done in the name of religion .
As a species , we have a genius for fouling things up .
Atrocities have also been committed in the name of secular ideologies : one need think only of Stalin .
I have had several threatening letters from fervent atheists , who tell me that if they find out where I live they will burn my house down .
We are a cruel species .
At its best , religion , like the best secular ideologies , was designed to curb our tendency to destroy anything or anyone that appears to threaten us .
I used to think that it would be better if religion had never been invented because religious people have done such harm in the world .
But after twenty - five years of studying the major world faiths , I have had to change my mind .
When I was researching The Great Transformation : The Beginning of our Religious Traditions , for example , I was surprised to learn that each one of what we call the great world faiths originally developed in a revulsion from contemporary violence ; each one — Hinduism , Buddhism , Jainism , Confucianism , Daoism and the three monotheisms — began at a time when violence had reached an unprecedented crescendo , and in each case , the catalyst for religious change was a principled rejection of aggression and a deliberate cultivation of a compassionate ethic .
It is not “ religion ” that is responsible for evil ; it is the greed , selfishness , and violence of humanity .
We often call evil acts “ inhuman ” but this is inaccurate : these acts are all too human .
We are capable of heroism and generosity ; but aggression is also something that comes naturally to us .
Some forms of religion are , as the Buddhists say , more “ skilful ” or “ helpful ” than others .
A great deal of harm has been done when people have cultivated an idolatrous conception of God , thinking of “ him ” as a powerful being , like ourselves , writ large , with likes and dislikes similar to our own .
This imaginary deity is simply an idol , which we have created in our own image ; it gives a sacred seal of absolute approval to some of our worst prejudices and impulses .
That is why some of the greatest Jewish , Christian and Muslim theologians fought against this idolatrous tendency by emphasizing the transcendence of God — as I explained in my answer to the second question .
And this reminds us that organized religion has its uses .
It preserves wisdom like that of such theologians as Hillel , Rabbi Meir , Rabbi Akiva , Maimonides , the great Kabbalists , Isaac Luria , Martin Buber , Ibn Sina , Avicenna , Al - Ghazzali , Ibn Arabi , Suhrawardi , Mulla Sadra , Mir Dimad , the Cappadocian Fathers , Denys , Duns Scotus Erigena , Aquinas , Meister Eckhart , Karl Rahner , Paul Tillich , and Bernard Lonergan .
Of course organized religion can become idolatrous ; many church leaders are simply religious politicians , and politicians , as a breed , are not famous for their lack of ego .
Any institution , be it secular or religious , has a tendency to become an end in itself — or , in religious terms , an idol .
Human beings are chronically predisposed towards idolatry .
We constantly give absolute value to purely temporal , limited realities , such as a god , a nation , or an ideology .
When something inherently finite is invested with ultimate value , its devotees feel obliged to eliminate any rival claimant because there can only be one absolute .
We find this kind of idolatry in the Book of Deuteronomy in the Bible ; but it also characterised some of the worst political and moral disasters of the twentieth century .
enlashok asks :
How bad does an idea have to be before the appropriate reaction is to discard it ?
This question comes from Enlashok , but he has asked a lot of other questions and makes a lot of other points too , particularly about the harm religion does .
I will try to give as comprehensive an argument as possible .
First , I freely admit that a great deal of religion is indeed “ unskilful ” — there is bad religion just as there is bad art , bad sex , and bad cooking .
I have written books about this type of destructive faith .
Far too many people , as Enlashok points out , are uncritical of themselves and their tradition ; they have indeed “ maintained and propagated immoral , racist , sexist and homophobic policies , promoted tribalism , and shielded extremism . ”
Religion — like any art or science — is very difficult to do well .
Religion may , for example , teach compassion , but far too many people — secularists as well as religious — prefer to be right rather than compassionate .
Enlashok says that he realizes he has asked a lot of questions and that he would be content if I would simply answer his first question , which I have cited above .
So let me say again : religion is not an “ idea . ”
Its doctrines can only be verified when they are consistently translated into practical action .
They are certainly not ideas that can be “ factually supported from available evidence , ” to quote Enlashok again .
As I have tried to explain , the notion that religion is an idea that can be empirically proven is a great fallacy that developed in the Christian West during the early modern period , when theologians tried to force theology into a scientific idiom that was alien to it .
As soon as they did this , atheism became inevitable .
When you mix mythos with logos , you get bad science and unskilful religion .
Unfortunately , as globalization proceeds and more and more people adopt the Western ethos , this unviable , “ scientific theology ” is spreading to other faiths and other regions .
Instead of seeing religion as a science manqué , I think it is more helpful to regard it as an art form .
Like art , religion at its best helps us to find meaning in a tragic world ; like art , it holds us in an attitude of wonder and introduces us to a mode of knowledge that is not dependent upon logic or empirical truth .
Music , for example , is not about anything and you cannot verify the meaning of a late Beethoven quartet , but it has a powerful and enriching effect upon us .
Poetry pushes language to the limits and makes us aware of the difficulty of expressing some of our more profound insights in a purely logical way .
Religion has always expressed itself most effectively in terms of art : poetry , music , dance , song , architecture , calligraphy , drama , and sculpture .
Religion differs from art in its summons to practical action .
It is not sufficient to have an aesthetic or “ spiritual ” experience .
The Buddha explained that , after achieving enlightenment , a person must come down from the mountain top , return to the market place and there practice compassion for all living beings .
A spirituality that focuses only on a numinous warm glow is “ unskilful ” and selfish .
All art is transformative ; it is meant to change us .
Religion — at its best — is a form of ethical alchemy that helps us to limit the egotism that causes so much human suffering , both to ourselves and to others .
Like art , religion was not meant to provide us with information and explanations that lie within the remit of scientific logos .
It helps us to consider problems for which there are no final solutions — mortality , the prospect of our inevitable and painful extinction , sickness , injustice , and cruelty .
It does not mean that we will suffer less but , if we work hard enough , we might be able to endure our own pain and to assuage the suffering of others .
Science deals with verifiable ideas ; scientists struggle with a problem , and when that is solved move on to the next one .
There is continuous improvement , progress and development .
But the humanities do not function like that .
Philosophers are still meditating on the same issues and problems that preoccupied Plato .
Harold Pinter is not necessarily a better playwright than Shakespeare , simply because the sum of human knowledge has advanced since Shakespeare ’s time .
There are some aspects of life — death , sorrow , the nature of happiness , evil and the nature of goodness — that each generation has to grapple with for itself .
And there never seems to be a definitive solution .
SomeKindOfPrimate asks :
You often defend religion by arguing that god is a vague numinous force known only through mystical experience .
But a god that does n’t answer prayers and intervene in the world is impotent to most believers .
If god does n’t throw thunderbolts and intervene in the affairs of mankind , what is the point of believing in god and practising religion ?
First of all , I personally would not like to worship a god who throws thunderbolts .
The Greeks had one , whom they called Zeus ; like the other gods , he continually intervened in human affairs in a highly irresponsible way .
The kind of god you describe is , surely , undesirable .
In the ancient world , people believed in the existence of gods in a way that was not irrational at a time when there were so many unseen forces — wind , infection , disease , emotion — that had a profound influence on human life .
But they were not gods in our sense of the word , because they were not omnipotent or omniscient ; they had a fuller share of Being than other creatures because they were immortal , but otherwise they shared the human predicament and had to live according to the natural laws of the cosmos .
There was no ontological gulf between the natural world and the gods , no concept of the “ supernatural ” in our sense : gods , humans , animals , trees , rocks and stars were made up — in varying degrees — of the same divine substance .
Homer depicts the gods as more powerful than human beings but basically trivial and lacking in seriousness precisely because they did not have to face the horror of death .
In the eastern religions , the gods are lower in status than an enlightened teacher such as the Buddha ; they too have to work for their own enlightenment and study such disciplines as yoga under a human guru .
In making a mere god the only symbol of the ultimate transcendence , the people of Israel were doing something highly unusual .
And because this god , at the very start of the history of Israel , had all the irresponsible , thunderbolt - hurling defects of many of the other gods , they had to develop their theology , reaching out to what theologians call the ineffable God beyond god .
A personalised God can help us to recognize the sacredness of human personality , but there carries an inbuilt danger of idolatry because it is all too easy to make the biblical god an idol , the end of the story .
Religious language always points beyond itself ; it is and can only be symbolic .
That is why the later prophets and the rabbis of the Talmudic Age had to refine the god depicted in the earliest parts of the Bible , making it clear that God was not yet another being .
I have described this long and complex process in A History of God .
Jews do not even speak God ’s name , a discipline that reminds them that any human expression of the divine is so inadequate that it is potentially blasphemous .
In the Talmud , the rabbis make it clear that there is a vast gulf between the human experience of the divine and the divine reality itself ( which Jewish mystics called Ein Sof , “ Without End ” ) , which would always remain beyond our ken .
One rabbi went so far as to say that Ein Sof was not even mentioned in the Bible or the Talmud .
Christians and Muslims made exactly the same distinction .
The distinction between the God we somehow experience and the ineffable reality itself lies behind the doctrine of the Trinity , which was meant to remind Christians that it was impossible to think about God as a simple personality .
When he was devising the doctrine of the incarnation of God in the man Jesus in the 4th century , St Athanasius explained that we could only make this claim because we did not know what God was .
If God were simply a big , almighty Something , like an immense thing in our experience , it would be impossible for God to be present in a human being ; it would be like trying to cram a whale into a can of sardines .
But in the man Jesus , Christians could glimpse an incomprehensible transcendence that was entirely distinct from anything in our normal experience .
But during the modern period , influenced by scientific logos of modernity , people began to lose the older symbolic habits of thought , started to read their scriptures with a literalism that is without parallel in religious history , and began to envisage God as a fact .
They saw their idea of God as identical with the transcendent reality , instead of simply being a symbol .
Unlike the theologians of the past , they had no problem thinking that he existed like any other being .
As Paul Tillich explained :
We can no longer speak of God easily to anybody , because he will immediately question : “ Does God exist ? ” now the very asking of that question signifies that the symbols of God have become meaningless .
For God , in the question , has become one of the innumerable objects in time and space which may or may not exist .
And this is not the meaning of God at all .
This kind of literal thinking produces a very primitive notion of deity .
A God who interferes with human freedom is simply a tyrant ; a God who hurls thunderbolts is a liability ; a God conceived as living in a world of his own was simply a being ; even the Supreme Being was just another Being , the final item in the series .
Tillich argued that to deny the reality of the idolatrous , interventionist god was a religious act .
It is just no good thinking that God will answer our prayers , cure our sickness , ensure the success of our nation or give us a fine day for the picnic , because “ he ” simply does n’t do it .
And if you are convinced that God has cured your cancer and saved your life , then you really do have a problem : why did God not save the lives of the six million Jews who died in the Shoah ?
Elie Weisel said that this interventionist God died in Auschwitz .
But there is an Auschwitz story that I think wonderfully expresses the true purpose of religion .
Even in the camps , some inmates continued to study Torah and observe the festivals , not in the hope of placating an angry deity , but because they found that these rituals helped them to endure the horror .
One night the Jews put God on trial .
In the face of such inconceivable suffering , they found the conventional arguments for his existence utterly unconvincing .
If God was omnipotent , he could have prevented the Holocaust ; if he could not stop it , he was impotent ; and if he could stop it but chose not to , he was a monster .
They condemned God to death .
The presiding rabbi pronounced the verdict , and then went on calmly to announce that it was time for the evening prayer .
Ideas about God come and go , but prayer , the struggle to find meaning even in the darkest circumstances , must continue .
The “ God beyond god ” is only vague , abstract and difficult to understand if you are not living the mythos of religion .
If one just considers God as an abstract idea , without putting into practice the teachings of religion , as I have described above , God becomes as abstract as the rules of a board game .
maxmax asks : John
Doe calls himself an atheist .
He never goes to a house of worship .
He does n’t look to religious texts for guidance .
He does n’t believe that there is such a thing as a god , at least not in any literal way .
Nonetheless , he believes in the Golden Rule ( Do unto others … ) .
While logically he realizes that it leads to more happiness for more people , he also personally finds satisfaction in caring for others and treating them with respect .
This sense of satisfaction ( perhaps even transcendence ) , in fact , is really where he finds the willpower to keep doing the caring and thoughtful things he does .
Would you consider John Doe to be a religious person ?
If not , what is he lacking ?
If John Doe puts the Golden Rule into practice “ all day and every day ” as Confucius prescribed , not simply doing his “ good deed for the day ” and then returning to a life of self interest ; if he does not confine his benevolence to his own group , tribe or nation or to people he finds congenial , but extends it to all members of the human race — and , indeed , to all species ; if every time he is tempted to speak unkindly of an annoying sibling , an ex-wife or a people with whom his country is at war , he refrains ; if he never speaks an unkind word , never makes an irritable gesture , but behaves with friendly courtesy to all ; if he does not look down , even in his most intimate thoughts , on those who do not share his beliefs ; if he does not inveigh impatiently at what he regards as the credulity of the religious ; if he works energetically and in practical ways to assuage the suffering and injustice of life , even if this goes against his own interests ; if he is open - hearted , generous and kind at every moment of his life , I would not only call him “ religious ” but I would bow before him as a Sage , a perfected human being .
Such a commitment to the Golden Rule produces what the Chinese called a Sage ; what the Greek Orthodox called a deified human being ; what others have called a Buddha , an enlightened human being , so identified with Nirvana that s/he has become inseparable from it .
Such a person has gone beyond ego , because at each moment of the day , s/he has laid selfishness to one side and is living in a state of ekstasis , “ standing outside ” the prism of selfhood ; such a person has broken down the barricades that most of us erect around ourselves to protect the frightened , defensive ego .
Such a person is indeed , as you suggest , living in relation to transcendence , because s/he is not focused on what s/he is transcending to , but concentrating on what s/he is transcending from .
I would like to close this question with two quotations .
The first is from Confucius ’s Analects .
These words were spoken by Yan Hui , Confucius ’s most talented pupil , and describe a life of constant ren .
Later Confucians would define ren as “ benevolence , compassion ” , but Confucius always refused to define it because he said it a state that was incomprehensible to a person who had not achieved it .
It was itself the transcendence one seeks — hence the Chinese often speak of the ultimate reality as the “ Way ” ( dao ) and prefer to remain silent about the Terminus of the religious journey .
For Yan
Hui the practice of ren was an end in itself , but it demanded a lifelong effort which , once undertaken seriously , has its own dynamic , which he described , “ with a deep sigh ” :
The more I strain towards it , the higher it soars .
The deeper I bore down into it , the harder it becomes .
I see it in front , but suddenly it is behind .
Step by step , the Master [ Confucius ] skilfully lures one on .
He has broadened me with culture , restrained me with ritual .
Even if I wanted to stop , I could not .
Just when I feel that I have exhausted every resource , something seems to rise up , standing over me sharp and clear .
Yet though I long to pursue it , I can find no way of getting to it at all .
( Analects 9:10 )
Ren was not something you “ got ” but something you gave .
It is not something that you could nail down and define .
Living a compassionate , empathic life took Yan Hui beyond himself , giving him momentary glimpses of a sacred reality that is not unlike the “ God ” pursued by monotheists .
It was both immanent and transcendent : it welled up from within but was also experienced as an external presence “ standing over me sharp and clear . ”
The second quotation is a very early Buddhist prayer — attributed to the Buddha himself — which expresses the compassionate attitude .
John
Doe could certainly use this prayer , because it can be prayed by anybody , whatever her beliefs or lack of them :
Let all beings be happy !
Weak or strong , of high , middle or low estate ,
Small or great , visible or invisible , near or far away ,
Alive or still to be born — may they all be perfectly happy !
Let nobody lie to anybody or despise any single being anywhere .
May nobody wish harm to any single creature , out of anger or hatred !
Let us cherish all creatures , as a mother her only child !
May our compassionate thoughts fill the whole world , above , below , across , —
Without limit ; a boundless goodwill toward the whole world ,
Unrestricted , free of hatred and enmity !
( Sutta Nipata 118 )
Selph asks :
If the Golden Rule is the best and most important part of religion , why should we not discard religion and just teach the Golden Rule ?
This overlaps with the last question .
And here is probably the place to answer its last query : “ What is John Doe missing ? ”
To practice the Golden Rule in the way that I have described above is very difficult ; every day one tends to fail , time and time again , with an impatient word , an angry gesture , a contemptuous glance .
So the traditions have devised aids to help us .
Classical yoga , for example , of the kind practised by the Buddha , was not an aerobic exercise ; nor was it a way of feeling peaceful and happy with our lot .
It was a systematic and highly technical way of combating ego .
It also rooted the compassionate ethos deeply in the subconscious .
Religious art and ritual brought a sense of beauty , joy , wonder and transcendence to the compassionate lifestyle .
If , for example , you contemplate Andrey Rublev ’s 15th century icon ( and in the Orthodox Christian traditions icons have the same kind of authority as scripture ) you see , beautifully depicted , what has become an archetypal image of the divine and of the compassionate personality : it is an icon of selflessness and eternal , personal dispossession ( I have described it in more detail in The Case for God ) .
A supportive community can also prevent discouragement ; and each tradition has amassed a treasury of wisdom on the “ Do ’s and Don’t ’s ” of the compassionate life , pointing out the ever - present danger of segueing into self - congratulation and egotism ( it is all too easy to be lethally charitable to others ! ) , so that you do n’t have to go it alone .
The ideal of community is crucial to all faith traditions and it is an education in compassion .
In every community , there are bound to be people we find uncongenial ( the same can also be said of family ) , and by learning to relate empathically to them , we prepare ourselves for the encounter with the more challenging Other outside .
But the faith traditions are not monolithic , unified systems .
They are immensely complex and have also amassed a lot of inessential practices , doctrines and rituals over the centuries that are either “ unskilful ” or outdated .
We have seen that institutional religion has a tendency to become egotistic and idolatrous — the same is also true , surely , of secular institutions .
What worked beautifully for medievals will not necessarily work for people in the 21st century .
So a good deal of weeding out has to be done .
The practice of religion is always highly selective .
We have a choice : we can either emphasize those aspects of a tradition , secular or religious , that speak of superiority , exclusion or even hatred and disdain ; or we can choose those that speak of compassion and learn to look for the compassionate core of what seems , at first glance , an unpromising doctrine or ritual .
Religion is hard work ; each tradition represents a constant dialogue between transcendence and current conditions ; it demands a constant creative effort to speak to the peculiar conditions of the modernity in which we find ourselves .
I personally think that we can lay to one side many aspects of a religious tradition if they do not help us to implement the Golden Rule in the way our world needs .
deadlytoque asks :
How do you respond to Richard Dawkins ’ assertion that religion is corrosive to science , and that it encourages people to be satisfied with “ trivial , supernatural non-explanations ” ?
I would agree that religion can indeed encourage this kind of sloppy , facile thinking .
But it need not and should not , as I have tried to show in The Case for God .
First , the distinction between mythos and logos meant that until the 17th century , there was no conflict between science and religion :
Until that time , nobody read their scriptures in a wholly literal way .
Every single statement of the Qur’an , for example , is called an ayah , a “ parable , sign , or symbol . ”
In their creative midrash ( “ interpretation , investigation ” ) of scripture , the Rabbis were highly inventive and felt no qualms about adding to the original revelation or interpreting the sacred texts in a way that the biblical authors would have surprising in order to make them address the current needs of the community .
And in the Christian world , until the 16th century , pastors , preachers and monks all interpreted each verse of the Bible in four senses : literal , moral , allegorical and mystical .
Nobody stuck with the plain sense .
And , as a Catholic child , I was taught to read the Bible in this way : the word “ evolution ” never cropped up in a religious context during my time at school .
So nobody , for example , understood the first chapter of Genesis as a literal account of the origins of life .
That was not the purpose of cosmology in the ancient world .
Until the 16th century , people felt at liberty to make up entirely new creation myths or to interpret each word of these early chapters of Genesis as an esoteric allegory .
In the early fifth century , St Augustine , who can be called the founder of the Western Christian tradition and is revered as a major authority by Catholics and Protestants alike , insisted that if a biblical text contradicted science , that text had to be interpreted differently and given an allegorical significance .
The revealed words reflected the world of the biblical authors and were , therefore , “ accommodated ” to their understanding .
The ancients , for example , had thought that a body of water existed above the clouds and was the source of rain .
But science , Augustine argued , had moved on and nobody believed that any longer .
So when the Bible spoke of the “ waters above the earth ” , we could not take this literally .
Augustine ’s “ principle of accommodation ” was the bedrock of biblical exegesis until the 16th century .
( Incidentally , Augustine also insisted that if a biblical text seemed to preach hatred , violence or exclusion , it must also be interpreted allegorically and made to speak of charity ) .
Many of the people who oppose the teaching of evolution in the public schools would call themselves Calvinists .
But Calvin himself would not have approved of their campaign .
Writing during the dawn of the scientific revolution , he adhered to Augustine ’s “ principle of accommodation . ”
He was not surprised to hear that the biblical description of the cosmos differed from the latest discoveries of the learned philosophers .
The Bible , for example , says that the sun and moon were the largest of the heavenly bodies , but now modern astronomers claimed that Saturn was bigger .
“ Here lies the difference : Moses wrote in a popular style things , which , without instruction , all ordinary persons , endued with common sense are able to understand .
But astronomers investigate with great labour whatever the sagacity of the human mind can comprehend . ”
The Bible had nothing to say about astronomy .
“ He who would learn astronomy and other recondite arts , let him go elsewhere , ” Calvin instructed emphatically .
Science was “ very useful ” and must not be impeded “ because some frantic persons are wont boldly to reject whatever is unknown to them . ”
At the time of the disgraceful Galileo crisis , a witty Cardinal in the Vatican made this bon mot : “ In scripture , the Holy Spirit is telling us how to go to heaven — not how the heavens go . ”
The pioneering scientists of the early modern period were all devoutly religious : Newton , Kepler , Mersenne , and Descartes ; as were most of the Enlightenment philosophers .
In England , the Protestant and Puritan ethos were felt to be congenial to early modern science and helped its advance and acceptance .
The Jesuits encouraged the young Descartes to read Galileo and were fascinated by modern science ; indeed , it has been argued that the first scientific collective was not the Royal Society but the Society of Jesus .
Newton and Descartes both claimed to have proved the existence of God .
This claim would have horrified previous theologians , like Thomas Aquinas but the physics of Newton and Descartes would not work without God .
But this reduced God to a scientific explanation and to a mere fact ;
God was assigned a function — and even a location in the universe .
This conflation of mythos and logos broke with centuries of tradition and it also made the doctrine of divine creation important in the way it had never been before ( it is scarcely mentioned in the New Testament and when theologians first formulated the doctrine of creation “ out of nothing ” , they concluded that the universe could give us no information at all about the nature of God . )
But of course within a few generations , scientists such as Laplace found that they could dispense with the God - hypothesis .
But by this time theologians , churchmen and , finally , evangelical Christians had made the scientifically proven God of Newton central to the Western Christian tradition .
They had become addicted to the idea of absolute certainty and so lost the older habits of thought that when Darwin came along many seemed without other resource .
The real enmity between science and religion is , therefore , of fairly recent origin .
Despite occasional skirmishes , such as the Galileo fiasco , the problem was the religion and science fell in love with one another in a way that proved finally detrimental to religion .
~
BEREA , Ohio ( AP )  Browns coach Eric Mangini is questioning whether the Detroit Lions faked injuries to slow down Cleveland 's no-huddle offense .
Eric Mangini believes there may have been some other deception .
On Monday , Cleveland 's embattled coach questioned whether Detroit 's defensive players faked injuries to slow down the Browns ' no-huddle offense , which racked up a season - high 439 yards during a 38 - 37 loss .
THE HUDDLE : Horrible day for AFC North
Mangini did n't flatly accuse the Lions of cheating , but noted the high number of players who were helped from the field — only to return .
" I 'm just saying there were a lot of them ( injuries ) , " he said .
Mangini 's suggestion of foul play was rebuffed by Lions coach Jim Schwartz .
" He 's way out of bounds on that , " Schwartz said .
" That could n't be further from the truth .
Both teams were running no huddle , and the officials did a very good job of standing over the ball , so there was no need to do that . "
It is n't the first time Mangini , who worked with Schwartz when the two began their coaching careers under Bill Belichick in Cleveland , has pointed a critical finger at a friend .
When he coached in New York , Mangini accused Belichick and the New England Patriots of videotaping the Jets ' defensive signals during the 2007 season opener .
The episode , now known infamously as " Spygate , " damaged Mangini 's relationship with his mentor .
Mangini first raised the possibility that the Lions were pretending to be hurt during his postgame news conference .
" There were multiple , multiple , multiple injuries throughout our no-huddle process , " Mangini said Sunday .
Browns wide receiver Chansi Stuckey ( FSY ) supported Mangini 's theory that the Lions were faking .
According to the official play - by - play , there were six instances — with five different players — where a Detroit player went down with an injury during the no-huddle and then returned .
" Definitely , " Stuckey said .
" I knew that .
That 's what their coach does .
If someone tries to do that ( no huddle ) to us , I would expect our guys to do the same thing .
Unless it gets into that under two - minute situation where that causes a timeout , any other time it 's fine and I would do the same thing .
Stuckey said the injury ruse can be effective in slowing down a hurry - up attack .
" Once you 're going , those defensive linemen can't run in and off the field , " he said .
" They 're getting tired , they do four , five pass rushes in a row , they 're getting tired , so someone has to do something like that to try to slow us down and stop the rhythm and try to get some fresh guys on the field . "
Lions linebacker Larry Foote ( FSY ) was offended by Mangini 's veiled charge that Detroit was cheating .
" We 've been getting banged up all season , " Foote said .
" It does n't matter if teams play the no-huddle or not .
I do n't know what is going on ( with the injuries ) .
Maybe we need to drink different water .
Coach Mangini just needs to stop making comments about our team . "
Mangini said he has not spoken to Schwartz about the matter .
He was asked if the NFL 's competition committee should look into stopping the practice of players pretending to be hurt , a ploy that has been used in the past .
" It 's subjective , " he said .
" How do you know what is and is n't an injury ? "
Mangini was asked if it would be upsetting if a friend like Schwartz would bend the rules to give his team an advantage .
" It 's , um , " Mangini said , pausing to choose his words carefully .
" There 's no penalty and , um , maybe all those guys were legitimately injured .
I have n't talked to him about it .
Everybody makes that decision . "
The possibility that the Lions duped the officials was n't the only thing bugging Mangini , whose team blew a 24 - 3 lead to fall to 1 - 9 .
He also felt the officiating crew made an incorrect pass interference call in the end zone at the end of the game , a penalty that gave the Lions one more play from Cleveland 's 1 - yard line .
With no time on the clock , Lions quarterback Matthew Stafford ( FSY ) , who had injured his left shoulder on the previous play , threw his fifth touchdown pass and Detroit kicked the extra point for its second win in 26 games .
Browns defensive back Hank Poteat ( FSY ) was called for pass interference on Stafford 's jump - ball throw , which began with the rookie scrambling far to the left and cutting back right .
Cleveland 's coaches and players felt that because Stafford was out of the pocket that contact downfield was permitted .
" I can't control that call , " Mangini said .
" I have n't been a part of any calls like that , I have n't seen it called , where it affected the outcome of a game like it did .
It 's really not illegal contact when the guy 's out of the pocket or scrambling .
But they called it . "
Mangini was asked if Poteat , who had his back to Stafford , may have been flagged because the contact occurred while the ball was in the air .
" Yeah , I guess that 's what they called it for , " he said .
" I have n't seen it , have n't been a part of it .
It 's their call .
We 'll live with it . "
In addition , Mangini thought the Lions ( 2 - 8 ) should have been called for excessive celebration on Stafford 's TD toss and that Detroit should have been assessed a 15 - yard penalty before Jason Hanson ( FSY ) kicked the game - winning extra point .
After the score , Lions tight ends coach Tim Lappano ran across the field to hug players .
" There was a lot of celebrating going on after the play , coaches out on the field ... excessive celebration , " Mangini said .
" I thought that was a penalty , too , but that that did n't called .
That 's a 15 - yard penalty , there 's a big difference in the extra point . "
On that point , Schwartz agreed with Mangini .
" He 's probably right about that , " Schwartz said .
" But I do n't think Jason was coming to come up short on a 35 - yard extra point . "
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
What Be Your Nerd Type ?
Almost everyone is a nerd deep down ; some more than others .
There are many types of nerds , some types we might not even consider until looking at ourselves deeper .
Some of us , however , may just not be nerds at all .
If you are n't a nerd in any shape or form , then you would have no incentive to take this quiz .
Why type of nerd are you ?
Are you an artist ?
A musician ?
A gamer ?
Do you freak out when your favorite anime show comes on ?
Do you love poetry and books , or science , and math ?
Let 's see where your most dominant interest lies .
Created by : Irony
The federal government should not be harassing sick people and their caregivers .
Attorney General Eric Holder Jr. has made the right decision , calling off prosecutions of patients who use marijuana for medical purposes or those who distribute it to them  provided they comply with state laws .
It is a welcome reversal of the Bush administration ’s ideologically driven campaign to prosecute dispensaries , even in states that had made medical uses legal and often with overwhelming popular support .
The Justice Department sent a memo this week to prosecutors in the 14 states that allow the use of marijuana for medical purposes , suggesting that they instead pursue significant traffickers of illegal drugs , including marijuana .
Mr. Holder made it clear , quite properly , that his department “ will not tolerate drug traffickers who hide behind claims of compliance with state law to mask activities that are clearly illegal . ”
The memorandum also stressed the importance of cracking down on the criminal distribution and sale of marijuana , which remains the largest source of revenue for the Mexican drug cartels and a frightening driver of violence and lawlessness on both sides of the border .
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - Starbucks Corp SBUX.O Chief Executive Howard Schultz said McDonald 's Corp's MCD.N McCafe launch earlier this year made the cafe chain better .
Starbucks executives have repeatedly said that the world ’s largest hamburger chain ’s entry into the market for espresso - based drinks , the first competitive pressure Starbucks had faced in the niche it pioneered , had no impact on Starbucks ’ business .
But comments beyond that have been few and far between .
“ McDonald ’s made us better , ” Schultz said on Thursday at the Ernst & Young Strategic Growth Forum in Palm Springs , California .
The CEO said the McDonald ’s McCafe advertising blitz prompted many coffee drinkers to compare products from the two companies .
He said that benefited Starbucks .
Schultz retook the helm at Starbucks in early 2008 and began a restructuring that has involved shuttering roughly 900 stores , slashing other costs and eliminating waste .
Earlier this month , Starbucks raised its financial forecasts for 2010 in the latest sign that a year - long turnaround effort is boosting margins .
“ We ’re going to start growing the company again , ” Schultz said .
Starbucks shares were down 9 cents at $ 21.62 in early afternoon trading on the Nasdaq .
Picture this : A magician sits in front of you with a pack of cards in his hands .
He turns over the top card , it ’s the Two of Hearts .
He has you sign it .
He then turns the card back over then takes the top card from the deck and pushes it home somewhere in the middle .
He asks you to snap your fingers , then he turns over the top card of the deck again .
It ’s your signed Two of Hearts .
What I ’ve described is the opening of one of the classics of card magic , called The Ambitious Card , in which a signed , selected card repeatedly jumps to the top of the deck in ever more implausible conditions .
On the face of it , the effect is simple , the card just keeps jumping to the top of the deck .
Behind the scenes , the method is simple too ; you just have to execute a hidden move so that it looks like you ’re really doing what you claim to be doing .
And there ’s the rub .
Though I say so myself , I can execute the required move with no little skill , but if I stop to think of the complexities of what I ’m doing , I wo n’t be able to do it well .
I certainly can’t explain how it ’s done to another magician , well , I can , but the explanation goes along the lines of “ Just practice ‘ til it looks like the real thing ” .
What does this have to do with complexity management ?
Well , apart from the fact that a good magic trick should be presented in such a way that , no matter how complex the method , the audience just sees the magic , obviously .
But there I go again , using the tool we all instinctively use to manage complexity .
That tool is the word ‘ just ’ .
We all do it , we push the complexities of something behind what I ’ve taken to calling a ‘ Just Story ’ .
Here ’s a just story for sole meunière :
The fish , fried in butter , is transferred to a serving dish and over it is poured a quantity of freshly cooked , hissing , foaming butter .
A squeeze of lemon juice , a scrap of parsley , and the dish is ready .
The man who painted my house two summers ago is out of a job .
The company that has employed him for the last 10 years has sacked almost all its staff , because the work just is n't there .
Joseph has had no income for eight weeks .
For the first time in his life , he tried to claim a benefit – jobseekers ' allowance – but he was n't entitled to it because , for all but the last 10 months , his firm had defined him as self - employed .
Ten months is n't enough to build an independent tax and national insurance contributions record , even though he has been a taxpayer for 27 years .
He 's been told he can't have income - based benefit either , because his wife , who is a cleaner , earns about £ 8,000 a year .
The couple live in a rented flat with their 20 - year - old student son .
The son , hardworking and ambitious , lives at home and spends four hours a day travelling to university because his family were too frightened to take on the extra debt of a student loan .
The parents have never had the money to put down a deposit on a London home , so they have missed out on the housing boom .
Nor have they ever felt settled .
They have had to move three times in five years because the landlord wanted to sell his property , or because he suddenly raised the rent .
Now they do n't know whether they will be evicted , or whether the housing benefit they applied for two months ago will meet the £ 200 weekly rent .
Even if it does , the future looks frightening .
Joseph used to earn £ 350 in a good week , or £ 10 an hour , but the rates advertised in the local jobcentre for painting work are for between £ 6 and £ 7 .
And no one 's offered him any of the jobs .
The family had more than £ 3,000 in savings , but that is almost gone .
Joseph 's wife has always worked , but some of her cleaning jobs have been cut , and the competition for new ones , with employers offering illegally low wages , is intense .
The family has gone from just managing to cope to facing real daily anxiety and constraint .
The plight of families like Joseph 's is n't a dramatic one .
It does n't attract much notice because it's not about extremes – dire poverty , drugs , or crime .
For that reason it 's easy for policymakers to pay less attention to people like these .
But 30 % of the population – some 14.3 million adults – are in a similar position to Joseph ; living in households earning less than the median income but above the level for state support .
A report out today argues that these low earners are particularly vulnerable to the effects of the recession , and that they need more help than they get .
The Resolution Foundation was set up to campaign for this segment of Britain .
It says that low earners are being squeezed by the mixed economy ; too well - off to depend on state benefits ; too poor to cushion themselves when things go wrong .
Almost half these households have less than a month 's salary in savings .
One - third say they would like to save £ 10 a month , but ca n't afford it .
Eleven million already had financial problems before the recession began .
They struggle to get on the housing ladder , but do n't qualify for social housing , so many are pushed into the insecure private rented sector .
They tend to have low skills , and to work in areas which have been particularly hard hit this year : retail , hospitality and construction .
When they lose their jobs , their lack of particular skills makes then less desirable to employers .
A quarter of low earners are still unemployed after six months , compared with only a tenth of managers and the higher - skilled .
Clive Cowdery , the City financier who created the Resolution Foundation with £ 20 m of his own money , is a passionate advocate for this group .
These people are , he says , active , courageous , and determined to make something of their lives .
That 's why they have n't surrendered to a life on benefits .
Many are holding down one - and - a - half jobs , and yet their incomes still do n't match their outgoings .
For them , he says , the recession is like a bomb going off , with the full impact yet to come .
Government cuts designed to deliver savings while protecting the poor – like Gordon Brown 's plans to end childcare vouchers or George Osborne 's proposal to chip back at child trust funds – will hit low earners hardest .
They already live at the edge of their means , with almost two - fifths always or usually running out of money at the end of every month .
Inflation for this group , who have to spend much of their income on food or fuel , is running much higher than for the better - off .
And previous experience shows that unemployment for this group will lag behind the end of the recession by a year , as failing companies are finally closed down by the banks .
Just as the better - off are celebrating , hundreds of thousands of low earners will be losing their jobs – and often their homes .
The Resolution Foundation wants to ensure lives are n't casually wrecked .
More can be done .
The credit squeeze is raising the price of loans ; they should not be held artificially high .
A money guidance service would give advice before debts became unmanageable , and lenders should be required to evaluate individuals ' prospects before automatically calling in mortgages and borrowing .
Individuals ought to be given budgets for training , to choose for themselves how to improve their skills , and employers should be advised on how to cut employees ' hours rather than jobs .
Tax breaks could create a solid and dependable private rented sector .
Benefits must be paid faster .
All welfare - to - work schemes should offer real training , linked to genuine jobs .
Cowdery is no sentimentalist .
People will lose jobs and have to repay debts .
All he 's asking is for low earners to be given more control over their lives and a greater chance of recovering from a crisis .
Governments make policy by listening to the vocal , he says – the financial industry , the poverty lobby , the Daily Mail .
The missing third of the population must be heard too .
Since Ilya Kovalchuk returned from a broken bone the Atlanta Thrashers have won 14 of a possible 18 points ( 78 % ) .
The Thrashers still have played fewer games than many other NHL clubs so you have to adjust for that when you look at the standings .
The Thrasher are tied for 5th and 6th place today once you control for games played .
It is very exciting to see the team ranked that high in the East , but the margin of error is small , they Thrashers are only 3 points above 9th place and no playoffs .
On the other hand , three additional points and would push them up to 3rd in the conference .
The East is very competitive again this year .
Real Eastern Standing ( points above .500 )
+11 NJD
+10 WSH +9 PIT +7 BUF +6 OTT +6 ATL +5 BOS +4 TBL +3 PHI +1 NYR +0 NYI +0 MON -1 FLA -5 TOR - 11 CAR
On Monday I 'm going to have a post on how the current Thrashers team ranks in team history .
But the biggest story so far this season is the improvement on the defensive side of the puck .
The Thrashers had an above average offense under Coach Anderson last year .
Lately the team has benefited from outstanding net minding .
Long time readers know that I 'm not prone to praise for Johan Hedberg -- but I have to say so far this season Moose is having his best season ever as a Thrashers .
And the 1 - 0 shutout victory over Philadelphia was probably his best single game performance as an Atlanta Thrashers .
Ondrej Pavelec has not only been steady in his first season as a NHL # 1 goalie -- he has been outstanding .
There is no All - Star Game due to the Olympic Games , but if these was a AS Game , he would deserving of votes given the way he has played .
Were it not for spectacular play by Pavelec in the 1st period on the recent road trip to Detroit and Raleigh , the Thrashers could have been blown out early .
Terrific goaltending is keeping the Thrashers in games when the skaters are flat and being out shot badly .
Can these trends hold up over time ?
Will the team learn to start games stronger ?
These are all reasons to stay tuned as the rest of the season unfolds .
i Phone Web Apps as an Alternative to the App Store
Peter - Paul Koch ( a long - time , highly - regarded expert on web standards and rendering engine compatibility ) , argues forcefully that developers who wish to write software for the iPhone should skip the App Store and write iPhone - optimized web apps instead .
His essay , perhaps because it is so strongly - worded , seems to have polarized the responses .
The truth , as usual , lies somewhere in the middle .
His piece is definitely worth reading , and his primary point is true :
In order to release an iPhone application without having to submit it to Apple ’s insane App Store process , developers could just use Web technologies and create Web apps instead of native apps .
i Phone web apps are not in any way restricted by Apple .
And I think he ’s correct that the technique is currently under-utilized , and it ’s a huge benefit to developers that such apps should also work just as well on Android and WebOS , with minimal additional work .
But he ’s also very much wrong about just what ’s possible in an iPhone web app , in terms of user experience .
Koch writes :
I reviewed the apps I have on my iPhone , and most can be released as a Web app right now .
The exceptions are complex games that are both graphically and programmatically intensive , and apps that depend on device functions such as the accelerometer or GPS .
As I said , Safari supports geolocation , and maybe Apple is working on other device APIs .
That would solve all problems for the second category .
Complex games will remain very hard to release as a Web app in the near future .
Still , the graphically simple games such as sudoku and chess , the interactive shopping lists , the dictionaries and bible citation apps , the beer appreciation apps , the firmware Yahoo weather app , and most importantly all social network clients could have been written as a Web app without any loss of quality whatsoever .
( Most have fairly little quality to lose in any case . )
I do n’t know about “ social network clients ” in general , because I do n’t use many social networks .
But I do use two of them heavily : Twitter and Flickr .
There is no way anyone could write an iPhone web app that works as well or feels as good as any of the top native iPhone Twitter clients .
You can make an iPhone Twitter client as a web app .
You can even make a good one .
In fact , Dean Robinson did — it ’s called Hahlo .
It ’s a good iPhone Twitter client .
It ’s a web app .
It ’s also slower , less graceful , and less useful than any of the popular native iPhone Twitter clients .
With Flickr , it ’s even worse .
For just viewing existing Flickr content , Flickr ’s own m.flickr.com web site is great .
But you ca n’t write an iPhone web app Flickr client that lets you upload new photos or videos .
It is n’t technically possible , because iPhone web apps do n’t have access to the device ’s image library or the camera .
The argument that you can make iPhone web apps that are “ good enough ” misses the entire point of iPhone apps — the entire point of the iPhone itself , even — all of the things that drive Twitter users to pay $ 3 , $ 4 , or $ 5 for apps that do the same things that can be done for free by loading Twitter ’s web site in MobileSafari .
“ Good enough ” is not good enough on the iPhone .
There ’s a serious dog food factor at play .
Apple ’s own apps for the iPhone OS are written using Cocoa Touch .
The only iPhone web app I can think of from Apple is the RSS reader at reader .
mac.com , and the domain name alone tells you just how important that app is to Apple .
Koch writes ( childish Jesus - caps on the pronouns his ) :
Apple ’s original plan for iPhone development was to use Web technologies .
This plan caught both Mac developers and Web developers by surprise because it was totally unexpected .
The plan failed .
Jobs Himself ordered
His developers to create Web applications with Web standards , but a deafening silence ensued .
Then He hurriedly thought up the App Store .
Too hurriedly , as it now turns out .
I can’t prove that this is n’t true .
But my theory has always been that Apple ’s initial “ sweet solution ” for third - party iPhone development — to just write web apps — was never intended as a long - term solution .
I think the plan was always to allow native Cocoa Touch development eventually , and I do n’t think there was anything rushed about it .
The delay between the debut of the original iPhone and announcement of the SDK was , I think , simply due to the SDK not being ready in June 2007 .
Everyone who followed iPhone OS 1.x jailbreak development noted that the Cocoa Touch APIs changed significantly between iPhone OS 1.0 and 2.0 .
But the best proof is what I pointed out above : Apple itself created almost no iPhone web apps .
Successful iPhone developers do n’t just want to write software that works on the iPhone .
They want to write software for the iPhone that ’s just as good as Apple ’s .
Today that means using Cocoa Touch and the native SDK .
When you write a Cocoa Touch app for the iPhone , you ’re not starting from scratch .
You ’re starting with the Cocoa Touch framework .
As Faruk Ateş astutely points out in his response to Koch , to discount the framework is to discount everything that sets the iPhone apart as a development platform .
Not only are native iPhone apps faster and more capable than their web - app equivalents , but they ’re easier to write .
This may change .
A combination of increasing CPU performance , further improvements to WebKit and the Nitro JavaScript interpreter , more RAM , and additional web app capabilities in the iPhone OS ( things like access to the camera and image library ) could , combined , make for a future where some types of iPhone web apps are n’t just “ good enough ” but are truly indistinguishable from native Cocoa Touch apps .
The hardware performance improvements are inevitable , but it remains to be seen whether Apple will provide deeper and more significant iPhone OS - specific hooks for web apps .
I hope they do .
I think it would be good for everyone —
Apple , developers , and iPhone users — if unrestricted web apps became a serious alternative to the restricted App Store .
But it is n’t credible to argue that they already are .
1
For much of the last decade the California Public Employees ’ Retirement System cultivated the image of a cutting - edge pension fund -- pouring billions of dollars into potentially lucrative but high - risk investments , hounding companies to rein in executive pay and championing financial security for government workers .
Now , CalPERS finds itself caught in a maelstrom of troubles that threatens its reputation as the gold standard for public pension funds .
Slammed by huge investment losses in last year ’s meltdown of financial markets , the nation ’s largest public retirement plan faces questions about its long - term ability to make good on the benefits it owes more than 1.6 million workers , retirees and their families .
All Californians have a stake in the fund ’s performance : If CalPERS ’ $ 200 - billion portfolio comes up short , and state and local governments refuse to cut workers ’ benefits , the bill falls to taxpayers -- many of whom have no guaranteed pension benefits of their own .
Advertisement
Already , CalPERS has notified state and local government authorities that their contributions to the fund will have to rise beginning in 2011 or 2012 , reflecting the steep drop in the system ’s assets during the markets ’ crash .
CalPERS also has been tainted by its involvement with so - called placement agents , middlemen who lobby pension funds on behalf of big money managers .
One well - known middleman , former Los Angeles Deputy Mayor Alfred J.R. Villalobos , has raked in at least $ 70 million in fees over the last decade from investment firms eager to pitch their services to the fund .
To a large degree , CalPERS ’ woes are issues for all major public pension systems in the wake of the dive in financial and real estate markets since late 2007 .
Fear of future shortfalls in funding is dogging funds large and small nationwide .
Advertisement
But CalPERS ’ troubles have stood out because of the fund ’s size and its longtime status as a pacesetter for the pension field :
* Despite the fund ’s vaunted moves to diversify into real estate , corporate buyouts , commodities and other investments apart from plain - vanilla stocks and bonds -- a strategy aimed at boosting overall investment returns -- CalPERS ’ portfolio now lags its peers over the last decade .
The fund performed worse than the average big public pension fund over the last year , five and 10 years ended June 30 , according to CalPERS ’ financial consultant , Wilshire Associates .
CalPERS ’ portfolio sank 23.5 % in the last fiscal year , while the average large pension fund dropped 18.8 % .
* Some high - profile bombs in CalPERS ’ real estate portfolio have raised questions about the fund ’s ability to choose intelligently among the countless deals it is offered by Wall Street money managers .
Advertisement
CalPERS lost nearly $ 1 billion after betting in 2007 on the mammoth Newhall Ranch housing development north of Los Angeles .
Now in jeopardy is the fund ’s $ 500 - million investment in 2006 to buy a piece of a massive apartment complex on the east side of Manhattan .
Here too , CalPERS has fared worse than its peers :
Its real estate portfolio overall lost an average of 8.6 % a year in the last three years , compared with an annualized decline of 4 % for the average public pension fund ’s real estate investments .
Rob Feckner , the president of CalPERS ’ board , concedes that the fund made mistakes with some of its property investments .
“ We ’ve learned some things in the last few years , and we ’ve tightened our policies as a result of that , ” he said .
* The placement - agent investigations have caused critics to focus on the broader issue of political influence over CalPERS ’ massive pool of money -- the question of who gets the ears of the fund ’s board and staff , and whether investments are made on their merits or because of heavy lobbying .
Advertisement
It ’s no secret in Sacramento that CalPERS board members routinely are taken to lunch or dinner by money managers or their agents .
George Diehr , who has been on the 13 - member board since 2002 and now chairs the investment committee , estimated that he had been out to eat with money managers 10 times this year .
“ A lot of it is understanding the opportunities that are out there and how these investments work , ” Diehr said .
But when it comes to deciding whether to choose a particular manager or idea , “ those decisions . . . are really driven by the staff , ” he said .
Critics are n’t mollified -- and the Villalobos affair has sharpened their attacks .
Advertisement
“ The fact of the matter is that investment products salesmen should not be meeting the board members , ” said Dave Elder , who chaired the California Assembly ’s public employees committee for a decade until retiring in 1992 .
Salespeople , he said , “ need to be meeting the investment staff .
If the investment staff screws up , they can be fired . ”
As for the role of placement agents like Villalobos , CalPERS notes that their fees come out of the pockets of the money managers who contract with them , not from the pension fund .
But some pension experts say it ’s inevitable that those managers expect to make back those fees via what they charge CalPERS for their services .
“ Obviously it ’s a cost of doing business for the firms , ” said state Treasurer Bill Lockyer , a CalPERS board member .
“ Somewhere or other it ’s internalized from expenses . ”
To be sure , despite the turmoil buffeting the 77 - year - old pension fund , CalPERS ’ finances are in no immediate danger .
The fund ’s sheer size is an advantage in the short term .
Advertisement
“ Retirees need to know that the security of their benefit checks is without question , ” said Joseph A. Dear , CalPERS ’ chief investment officer , who took the post in March after serving as chief of the state of Washington ’s pension fund .
CalPERS paid out $ 11.85 billion in retirement benefits in the last fiscal year , or less than 6 % of the fund ’s current assets .
And even as the fund ’s value plunged $ 55.2 billion for the year , CalPERS raked in $ 10.8 billion in contributions from workers and from state and local governments .
Still , last year ’s losses were so severe that the rules governing CalPERS ’ finances required the fund to tell government employers to plan on making higher contributions beginning in 2011 .
The city of Fullerton , with an annual budget of $ 225 million , has been told by CalPERS to plan on a $ 5.5 - million increase in its worker retirement - account contribution to the fund , said City Manager Chris Meyer .
Advertisement
“ The increase we ’re going to be seeing is directly related to their investment losses , ” Meyer said .
“ It ’s frustrating to all of us in the business of city management .
At the end of the day , this is going to result in a smaller government providing fewer services . ”
Some CalPERS critics say the state ’s decision a decade ago to sharply expand worker retirement benefits was a time bomb that ’s now detonating .
Prodded by public - workers unions , and with CalPERS flush with gains from the late - 1990s stock market boom , the Legislature in 1999 approved a bill allowing local governments to negotiate steep pension increases .
One change , for example , provided a 50 % boost in retirement pay to California Highway Patrol officers .
The change meant that officers with 30 years of service could retire after age 50 at 90 % of their base pay for life -- a scenario virtually unheard of in the private sector .
Advertisement
Keith Richman , a former Republican Assemblyman from Northridge , has been fighting for years to cap what he asserts are out - of - control benefit costs .
A group he founded , the California Foundation for Fiscal Responsibility , has filed an initiative for the November 2010 ballot that would pare benefits for newly hired state and local workers .
“ My view is that we have to reform it or there will be numerous cities , counties and school districts that are going to go bankrupt , ” Richman said .
CalPERS , unaccustomed to being on the defensive about its finances , last month launched a public relations campaign to “ separate fact from fiction ” about pensions .
The fund said its average worker pension amounts to about $ 25,000 a year and that just 1 % of the current 492,000 CalPERS retirees receive annual pensions of $ 100,000 or more .
On one key point , CalPERS and its critics agree : Historically , almost 75 cents of every dollar in pension checks has come from the fund ’s investment returns .
That makes it critical that CalPERS earn a high - enough return to cover its obligations .
Advertisement
The fund ’s long - term target rate of return for its overall portfolio is 7.75 % a year -- about what it earned over the last 20 years .
That is a more conservative return assumption than the 8 % to 8.5 % rates used by most public pension funds , according to the National Assn. of State Retirement Administrators .
But with the U.S. economy potentially facing slow growth for years to come after the latest recession , and with interest rates on high - quality bonds at relatively low levels , many Wall Street pros believe that even 7.75 % is too high a return for a pension fund to count on .
Bill Gross , the bond market guru at investment titan Pimco in Newport Beach , has warned clients that a 4 % to 5 % annualized return on investments “ is about all they can expect ” in the next few years .
CalPERS believes it can do better than that by maintaining or increasing its bets on so - called alternative investments such as private - equity deals -- funding corporate buyouts , for example -- and real estate .
Advertisement
“ Right now we see some great opportunities ” in private equity and real estate deals , Diehr said .
But Ted Siedle , the head of Benchmark Financial Services , an independent pension plan auditing firm in Florida , believes CalPERS is delusional .
Just as most stock fund managers can’t beat the average market return over time , the odds that Wall Street private - equity managers will produce returns that justify their rich fees in the long run “ is probably 1 in 10 , ” Siedle asserts .
Taxpayers , however , may have little choice but to root for CalPERS :
If the fund ca n’t meet its target , the public could get the tab .
Advertisement
--
tom.petruno@latimes.com
stuart.pfeifer@latimes.com
Times staff writer Marc Lifsher in Sacramento contributed to this report .
Trivia
The poem , printed on a poster , which can be seen in the intro , is from Chinese poet Li Po ( Li Bai ) : Facing Wine Never refuse wine .
I 'm telling you , people come smiling in spring winds : peach and plum like old friends , their open blossoms scattering toward me , singing orioles in jade - green trees , and moonlight probing gold winejars .
Yesterday we were flush with youth , and today , white hair 's an onslaught .
Bramble 's overgrown Shih -hu Temple , and deer roam Ku-su Terrace ruins : it 's always been like this , yellow dust choking even imperial gates closed in the end .
If you do n't drink wine , where are those ancient people now ?
See more
" Managed copy " has been slouching its way toward our living rooms for years now , but the technology that can make backup copies of films will finally come to all Blu-ray discs on December 4 , 2009 .
Unfortunately , no Blu-ray player yet has the ability to make one of these copies , rendering the whole scheme pretty pointless until consumers purchase the new players ( available at some point in 2010 ) that are capable of contacting an authorization server over the Internet , verifying that this particular disc is allowed to make a copy , making the copy , then slathering the whole thing in a heavy marinade of DRM .
Oh , and no one said that these managed copies have to be free , either .
Four years of technological wrangling have devised this rough beast , one which sounds about as far removed from actual consumer desire as it is possible for a consumer - oriented product to be .
And it's all brought to you by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA ) , which the US is currently trying to export to the rest of the world through the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) .
Blame Congress ?
The managed copy saga has now been four years in the making .
Back in 2005 , when HD DVD was still battling it out with Blu-ray , companies like Intel and Microsoft went with HD DVD due to its mandatory support of ( free ) managed copy for all discs .
The Blu-ray backers agreed to add managed copy tech to their specification as well , though it was n't necessarily free to users .
All of this depended on the spec getting finalized by AACS - LA , which was developing the copy protection scheme that both Blu-ray and HD DVD were to use .
By 2007 , we were being told that managed copy was definitely on its way by the end of the year though the work was not actually completed until the summer of 2009 .
Now that it 's done , all Blu-ray discs must support the managed copy feature after December 4 , and disc support is required for the feature to work .
The player manufacturers have n't finished their own work , though , and managed copy apparently can't be added with a mere firmware upgrade .
That means a new player , of a design that does n't even exist yet , is necessary to back up your media or transfer it to other devices .
It 's easy to complain about both the delays and the actual implementation decisions made by AACS - LA , but the whole situation is really the responsibility of the DMCA 's anticircumvention provision .
By slapping some DRM on Blu-ray movies , studios have the ability under the law to prevent backups , format shifts , and digital rips of selected bits for use in criticism or commentary — things which are otherwise legally available to the US public .
The genius of the whole scheme is that these very same rights , which are free and easy to exert on non-encrypted digital media like CDs , is that rightsholders can then sell these very rights back to consumers for extra cash .
Want to put a copy of your legally - purchased new film on your iPhone or laptop for that flight to LA ?
You can 't — but you might soon be able to purchase the right .
This is n't the sort of change that could work in the marketplace — consumers do n't like it and would simply bypass the encryption if the tools were easy and legal .
Thanks to the DMCA , they are not , and the companies that traffic in them are usually located offshore .
The argument that this is about " stopping piracy " might have held water a decade ago , but it 's now sinking like a leaky yacht .
All of these films remain widely available online to anyone motivated to seek them out .
Not that DRM has ever done much to stop piracy anyway , since all it takes is a single cracked copy to make a mockery of absurdly complicated technical lockdown attempts .
Managed copy , when it comes , will surely be better than " no copy , " which is the only legal remedy that Blu-ray users have now unless they want to spent Saturday afternoon taping a backup copy off their television set with a camcorder ( this is actually the MPAA 's idea of allowing " fair use " of its members ' movies ) .
But being " better than nothing " is hardly a ringing endorsement of any new product , especially one fighting its own format battle with HD streaming now available from Netflix , Epix , and many others .
The signs on the Simpsons are always next - level jokes .
This is not a comprehensive list of the best signs ever seen on The Simpsons .
Because I do n’t think that it would be possible to put together the 11 greatest signs on The Simpsons .
Every single episode features at least three or four signs and , without fail , they ’re clever .
Business names , business slogans , messages on the church sign … for 20 years now , the writers have almost never missed .
So what I set out to do was put together a list of 11 signs featured on The Simpsons that I find to be exceptionally brilliant .
And I know I left out some great ones .
I had to .
So with apologizes to Stoner ’s Pot Palace , Flowers By Irene , no outside Eucharist and so many more , here are 11 ingenious signs on The Simpsons …
1 | Jolly Gummibears – “ They Hibernate in Your Colon ”
From the episode where Homer ’s accused of sexual harassment — but , more importantly , the episode with the candy convention , one of the greatest segments ever .
This sign actually makes me laugh out loud , which is why I picked it over another sign from the same candy convention : “ Welcome Candy Convention , Room 1 !
Also , Candy - Shaped Rat Poison Convention , Room 11 . ”
2 | Springfield Historical Society – “ Where the Dead Come Alive ! ( Metaphorically ) ”
I guess they needed to clear up that it ’s not the home of Jebediah Springfield ’s zombie corpse .
Because no matter how embiggened you are , if you see the dreaded pirate Hans Sprungfeld coming at you , you ’re going to run .
3 | Springfield Dog Track – “ Think Of Them As Little Horses ”
This pretty much wraps up the “ sport ” of dog racing in six words .
( The sign clearly makes an impact on Homer , as he yells , “ Come on , you little horse ! ” — an excellent callback . )
4 | U.S. Air Force Base ( Not Affiliated With U.S. Air )
A great statement on branding .
Even the Air Force wants to make sure no one confuses them with U.S. Air .
5 | Animal Assistants – “ As Felt in Braille Weekly ”
Another one that made me laugh out loud .
Makes me want to go get a helper monkey .
6 | Springfield General Hospital – “ Quality care or your autopsy is free ”
I love this sign because it says SO much by saying so little .
It also really summarizes the philosophy of Dr. Nick AND the Hollywood Upstairs Medical College .
7 | Chez Guevara
This is the club where Tito Puente is performing in the “ Who Shot Mr. Burns ? ” episode .
I was too young to get the joke when the episode first aired ; when I saw it last year , now aware of who Che Guevara is , I loved it .
( It ’s good now to go back through older episodes and see all the jokes you now get because you ’re older . )
8 | Mom & Pop Hardware – “ A Subsidiary of Global Dynamics , Inc . ”
Such brilliant social commentary on the hardware store industry .
Summing up the effect of Home Depot in one quick sign .
9 | Springfield Psychiatric Center – “ Because there may not be bugs on you ”
The problem :
This is actually a decent slogan for a place like this .
( This one is from the Marge “ Fear of Flying ” episode , by the way — not when Homer and Michael Jackson are locked in a mental institution a few seasons earlier .
I like the fear of flying episode for the ‘ Blowenstein . Blowenstein . ’ bit toward the end .
And Homer impersonating a pilot at the beginning .
10 | Pay & Park & Pay
Great episode ( the Sideshow Bob episode runs for governor episode ) and a great sign — one that reflects the lifelong dream of everyone in the obnoxiously overpriced parking industry .
11 | Sneed ’s Feed & Seed ( Formerly Chuck’s )
Yes , this is the best .
No , you probably wo n’t get it at first .
Just give yourself a minute to stare at it to try to figure it out .
Because once you get its alliterative subtlety , you ’ll realize that The Simpsons slipped this dirty , dirty sign past all of us … and that it is , quite possibly , the cleverest sign of the entire run .
—
You may also like …
11 Reasons Springfield ( from The Simpsons ) Is n’t in Oregon
11 Subtleties I Like in the New Simpsons Opening Sequence
11 Extraordinarily Clever Simpsons Tattoos
Did I Subtly Name My Kid After a Simpsons Character ?
( Plus 11 Subtle Simpsons Baby Names )
11 Best One - Off Simpsons Characters
Alan Pearce , author of Whose Side Are They On ?
How Big Brother Government is Ruining Britain , explains why he was compelled to write a book that would drive people insane with rage .
Writing a book like this makes you question your sanity .
My wife certainly questioned mine .
From out of my office came regular outbursts of mad laughter followed by torrents of angry obscenities .
I even caught her Googling " Tourette 's Syndrome " .
When I came to write ‘ Whose Side Are They On ? '
I had no idea just what a passionate and powerful grip it would have on me .
I 've never been political , not in the party sense , and my interests have always been in foreign affairs and history .
Then one day I picked up a newspaper and read that the government was creating around 320 new laws a year , according to the Liberal Democrats , and more than half of those had never been debated in Parliament .
I wanted to know why and particularly why they thought it necessary .
Some of it appeared plain bonkers .
What were our law - makers thinking when they made it an offence to " disturb a pack of eggs when instructed not to by an authorised officer " ?
Why should we need a special license to have a sing - song in the village hall or put on a panto at the community centre ?
How many of us know we can no longer go to a fancy dress party as a barrister or traffic warden ?
It 's all very amusing but do n't they have better things to occupy their time ?
It was only when I started to dig a little deeper that I began swearing out loud .
According to legal publishers Sweet & Maxwell , the LibDems were well short of the mark .
Far from introducing over 3,000 laws in ten years , they were introducing that many each year .
In 2007 alone , 3,071 new offences were added to the statute book ; which works out at around eight new laws a day .
The record is even worse under Gordon Brown .
We now have so many laws , it 's impossible to say just how many we do have .
As a result , the average Briton is committing an offence a day .
Forget ‘ nothing to hide , nothing to fear ' .
Suddenly there are 1,043 laws allowing officials to enter our homes , often with sanctioned violence ; 430 of these powers have been approved by Parliament since New Labour came to power .
I was staggered to hear from the Home Office that under Clause 56 of the Immigration Asylum and Nationality Act 2006 people born in Britain can now be stripped of their citizenship and deported - so long as they have a second passport and wo n't be rendered stateless .
Next year , under the E - Borders scheme , we will need an ‘ exit visa ' to leave the country - even the cross - channel swimmers , day - trippers and anglers .
Stories that I would splash across the front page are regularly buried deep inside .
Conversely , the Press did a big number when Google joined forces with the Chinese to censor the Internet but when similar moves were introduced in Britain the response was mooted .
Why was n't there a bigger outcry when such odd groups as the Post Office , the Food Standards Agency and the Health and Safety Executive were given access to our emails , our on - line history and purchases ?
And why would they need it ?
Laws aimed at child pornographers are being used to gag on - line protest deemed ‘ extreme ' or ‘ offensive ' ; examples include people complaining about the criminal justice system and the neighbours who opened a Facebook page to moan about an officious Community Support Officer .
With the constant drip , drip of legislation , it is impossible to keep up or even pay more than passing attention .
It 's only when you put them all together like this that you see the sheer scale of State intrusion .
And that 's when my blood began to boil .
It was n't that long ago that control orders , banning orders , gagging orders , house arrest and detention without trial gave the apartheid regime of South Africa a bad name .
What were once seen as intolerable affronts to human dignity are now accepted by the majority in Britain as necessary tools in the fight for ‘ freedom ' .
Have we lost our marbles ?
And it 's not just the laws .
It 's the smoke and mirrors of it all .
From police targets that do virtually nothing to tackle anti-social behaviour but criminalise the law - abiding , to the 15 percent of school boys that fail to even register a score in tests .
Not to mention the appalling way we treat our returning soldiers .
We are obviously being taken for a very big ride but try telling that to people at a dinner party and their eyes quickly glaze over .
I want people to be as amazed and angry as I now am .
But who is going to read a book where I just rant about the injustice of it all ?
I needed to demonstrate the appalling and callous acts of this government by showing how real people are being affected .
Take for example Gareth Corkhill , a bus driver and father of four from Whitehaven in Cumbria .
He was arrested at his home by officers in body armour .
Now he can't take the kids to Disney World in Florida because he has a criminal conviction .
And what had Gareth done ?
He had left the lid of his wheelie bin open four inches ( 10.16 cm ) ; and he is just one of 20,000 homeowners fined for ‘ bin crimes ' in a 12 month period .
In the government 's fight against crime , these are success stories .
Or how about the man who fell into a coma on a bus and was then blasted twice with police Tasers because he would not ‘ obey ' instructions ?
And what about the sinister use of our DNA by private companies ?
We live in a country where our every movement is observed and every important personal detail is known to the State .
Neighbour has been encouraged to denounce neighbour and others recruited to spy and snoop .
Most of it would be hilarious if it was n't so frightening .
I have read through my book hundreds of times checking , re-writing and proofing and I am still shocked when I read it now .
I am also shocked how few people have been paying attention these past 12 years .
I 'm hoping ‘ Whose Side Are They On ? ' may open a few eyes as it opened mine .
It also makes for great Christmas presents for the uninitiated !
Readers of Open Democracy can order
Whose side are they on ?
for a reduced rate free of postage by quoting ‘ Whose side are they on ? ' by phone : 01903 828503 or by email : [ email protected ]
Antarctic lake .
Image credit : British Antarctica Survey .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
A study of the genetic structure of viruses in an Antarctic lake has revealed an astonishing genetic richness in the large number of viral families discovered .
Aquatic viruses usually infect prokaryotes such as bacteria , but the viruses in the Antarctic had a large proportion of viruses that infect eukaryotes .
The findings included small single stranded DNA ( ssDNA ) viruses and phycodnaviruses that have never previously been seen in aquatic environments .
The researchers , Alberto Lopez - Bueno and colleagues , from Spain and the UK , examined samples taken from Lake Limnopolar on Livingston Island in the Antarctic before and during the summer , and found the aquatic environment to be rich in microorganisms and a diverse collection of viruses that prey on them .
The number of viral genotypes found was unusually high , running into thousands instead of the more usual hundreds , and less than 3 percent of the genome sequences were similar to previously identified viral genomes from aquatic systems .
Many of the ssDNA viruses were related to non-aquatic viruses that infect plants , mammals and birds , and some had never been found in aquatic environments before .
The scientists also observed a change in the virus assemblage with the seasons .
When the lake was covered in ice during spring , the smaller single strand DNA viruses dominated , while in summer , when the lake was open , the larger ( > 50 nanometer ) double - stranded DNA viruses dominated , possibly because of seasonal differences in the host organisms , such as the algal blooms that appear in summer .
The scientists also found the double - stranded DNA viruses helped the bacteria survive by assisting their metabolism of amino acids and carbohydrates , and helping with respiration .
Antarctic lakes are covered with ice for around nine months of the year , and the underwater environment is cold , dark , and contains few nutrients , and is home to bacteria , protozoa , algae and viruses , and little else .
In these conditions viruses probably play an important part in controlling the other microbes .
Viruses from Antarctica have been difficult to study in the past because they cannot be grown in the laboratory , but new genome sequencing technologies are allowing researchers to identify viruses without the need to grow them .
The research paper is published in the November issue of Science .
More information : High Diversity of the Viral Community from an Antarctic Lake , Science 6 November 2009 : Vol. 326 . no. 5954 , pp. 858 - 861 ; DOI : 10.1126/science.1179287
© 2009 PhysOrg.com
Congratulations to Los Angeles on today ’s opening of the Gold Line light rail extension , which runs from Union Station through several historically neglected suburbs to East Los Angeles , and will probably someday go further .
More precisely , congratulations to every Angeleno except Ari B.Bloomekatz of the Los Angeles Times , who wrote this :
Why is the Gold Line not a subway ?
From the beginning , residents and politicians on the Eastside pushed for the Gold Line extension to be built completely underground .
In the end , transportation planners decided to make a roughly 1.7 - mile portion of the Gold Line a subway — the part that runs underneath Boyle Heights .
The majority of the route runs above ground .
Ah , those nasty cruel “ transportation planners ” !
Sorry , but the answer to “ why ” is not “ the planners decided … ” unless your main goal as a journalist is to instill feelings of ignorant helplessness in your readers .
Planners and political leaders made these decisions for a reason , and that reason is the real answer to the question .
Mr. Bloomekatz missed an opportunity to educate his readers about the real choices that transit planning requires .
We all need citizens to be smarter about those choices .
Yes , there was once a plan to extend the Red Line heavy - rail subway east from Union Station to cover a similar area , all underground .
There is no way this would have cost less than $ 2 billion at today ’s prices , probably much more .
The Gold Line extension came in just under $ 0.9 billon , and that ’s high largely because of the one underground section they still had to build , to get through a segment of Boyle Heights where there was no good surface option .
Los Angeles has the worst deficit in transit infrastructure of any city in North America .
No other city on the continent grew so large without retaining and expanding its rapid transit .
Today , most of the region ’s leaders understand this was a mistake , and are trying to build rapid transit as fast as they can .
But underground construction is massively more expensive , so if you insist on undergrounding everywhere , you ’ll get a much smaller network .
When you ’re trying to build as much of a network as you can , as fast as you can , there are just three technically compelling reasons to bear the huge cost of going underground :
to get past a specific surface obstacle that ca n’t be bridged over more cheaply , such as the Hollywood Hills , or San Francisco Bay , or more commonly a segment where there ’s no credible surface alignment , such as through Boyle Heights on the Gold Line .
( This is , admittedly , a grey area , as the credibility of a surface alignment often turns on the politics of how much you can impact current traffic and parking on the street . )
that ca n’t be bridged over more cheaply , such as the Hollywood Hills , or San Francisco Bay , or more commonly a segment where there ’s no credible surface alignment , such as through Boyle Heights on the Gold Line .
( This is , admittedly , a grey area , as the credibility of a surface alignment often turns on the politics of how much you can impact current traffic and parking on the street . ) to get to a crucial station site — usually a connection point with other lines — where there ’s no surface or elevated option .
— usually a connection point with other lines — where there ’s no surface or elevated option .
to serve a very dense corridor where highrise development is or will be the norm , and which can therefore generate the very high ridership to justify a subway , such as Wilshire Blvd. in Los Angeles , Second Avenue in New York .
Even here , we ’re talking about streets that are already so built out that elevated structure would be unacceptable .
If you ’re just talking about future highrise corridors , elevated may still be the answer , as it was in Vancouver .
( BART in San Francisco used to have a good reason :
The original network offered to go underground for any city that wanted to pay the difference in cost itself .
Only Berkeley accepted this offer , which is why BART is underground within its city limits .
This elegant approach had the virtue of insisting on local funding to manage a local impact , where this impact was broadly viewed as acceptable by most of the other cities involved . )
Remember , too , that even if your current heavy rail subway is underground , it ’s extensions do n’t have to be .
Most “ subways ” are heavy rail which take power from a third rail .
Unlike light rail , these lines usually do n’t intersect streets , but they can be elevated and often are , sometimes with not - bad visual impacts .
So congratulations to all but one of the people of Los Angeles .
This is a good start for a long - neglected part of the city .
UPDATE : See follow - up post here .
The United States is massively building up its potential for nuclear and non-nuclear strikes in Latin America and the Caribbean by acquiring unprecedented freedom of action in seven new military , naval and air bases in Colombia .
The development - and the reaction of Latin American leaders to it - is further exacerbating America 's already fractured relationship with much of the continent .
The new US push is part of an effort to counter the loss of influence it has suffered recently at the hands of a new generation of Latin American leaders no longer willing to accept Washington 's political and economic tutelage .
President Rafael Correa , for instance , has refused to prolong the US armed presence in Ecuador , and US forces have to quit their base at the port of Manta by the end of next month .
So Washington turned to Colombia , which has not gone down well in the region .
The country has received military aid worth $ 4.6 bn ( £ 2.8 bn ) from the US since 2000 , despite its poor human rights record .
Colombian forces regularly kill the country 's indigenous people and other civilians , and last year raided the territory of its southern neighbour , Ecuador , causing at least 17 deaths .
President Hugo Chavez of Venezuela , who has not forgotten that US officers were present in government offices in Caracas in 2002 when he was briefly overthrown in a military putsch , warned this month that the bases agreement could mean the possibility of war with Colombia .
In August , President Evo Morales of Bolivia called for the outlawing of foreign military bases in the region .
President Manuel Zelaya of Honduras , overthrown in a military coup d'état in June and initially exiled , has complained that US forces stationed at the Honduran base of Palmerola collaborated with Roberto Micheletti , the leader of the plotters and the man who claims to be president .
And , this being US foreign policy , a tell - tale trail of oil is evident .
Brazil had already expressed its unhappiness at the presence of US naval vessels in its massive new offshore oilfields off Rio de Janeiro , destined soon to make Brazil a giant oil producer eligible for membership in Opec .
The fact that the US gets half its oil from Latin America was one of the reasons the US Fourth Fleet was re-established in the region 's waters in 2008 .
The fleet 's vessels can include Polaris nuclear - armed submarines - a deployment seen by some experts as a violation of the 1967 Tlatelolco Treaty , which bans nuclear weapons from the continent .
Indications of US willingness to envisage the stationing of nuclear weapons in Colombia are seen as an additional threat to the spirit of nuclear disarmament .
After the establishment of the Tlatelolco Treaty in 1967 , four more nuclear - weapon - free zones were set up in Africa , the South Pacific , South - east Asia and Central Asia .
Between them , the five treaties cover nearly two - thirds of the countries of the world and almost all the southern hemisphere .
The Stockholm International Peace Research Institute ( SIPRI ) , the world 's leading think - tank about disarmament issues , has now expressed its worries about the US - Colombian arrangements .
With or without nuclear weapons , the bilateral agreement on the seven Colombian bases , signed on 30 October in Bogota , risks a costly new arms race in a region .
SIPRI , which is funded by the Swedish government , said it was concerned about rising arms expenditure in Latin America draining resources from social programmes that the poor of the region need .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
Much of the new US strategy was clearly set out in May in an enthusiastic US Air Force ( USAF ) proposal for its military construction programme for the fiscal year 2010 .
One Colombian air base , Palanquero , was , the proposal said , unique " in a critical sub-region of our hemisphere where security and stability is under constant threat from ... anti-US governments " .
The proposal sets out a scheme to develop Palanquero which , the USAF says , offers an opportunity for conducting " full - spectrum operations throughout South America ....
It also supports mobility missions by providing access to the entire continent , except the Cape Horn region , if fuel is available , and over half the continent if un-refuelled " .
( " Full - spectrum operations " is the Pentagon 's jargon for its long - established goal of securing crushing military superiority with atomic and conventional weapons across the globe and in space . )
Palanquero could also be useful in ferrying arms and personnel to Africa via the British mid-Atlantic island of Ascension , French Guiana and Aruba , the Dutch island off Venezuela .
The US has access to them all .
The USAF proposal contradicted the assurances constantly issued by US diplomats that the bases would not be used against third countries .
These were repeated by the Colombian military to the Colombian congress on 29 July .
That USAF proposal was hastily reissued this month after the signature of the agreement - but without the reference to " anti-US governments " .
This has led to suggestions of either US government incompetence , or of a battle between a gung - ho USAF and a State Department conscious of the damage done to US relations with Latin America by its leaders ' strong objections to the proposal .
The Colombian forces , for many years notorious for atrocities inflicted on civilians , have cheekily suggested that with US help they could get into the lucrative business of " instructing " other armies about human rights .
Civil strife in Colombia meant some 380,000 Colombians were forced from their homes last year , bringing the number of displaced since 1985 to 4.6 million , one in ten of the population .
This little - known statistic indicates a much worse situation than the much - publicised one in Islamist - ruled Sudan where 2.7 million have fled from their homes .
Amnesty International said : " The Colombian government must urgently bring human rights violators to justice , to break the links between the armed forces and illegal paramilitary groups , and dismantle paramilitary organisations in line with repeated UN recommendations . "
Palanquero , which adjoins the town of Puerto Salgar on the broad Magdalena river north - west of the capital , Bogota , is one of the seven bases that the government of President Alvaro Uribe gave to Washington last month despite howls from many Colombians .
Its hangars can take 100 aircraft and there is accommodation for 2,000 personnel .
Its main runway was constructed in the 1980s after Colombia bought a force of Israeli Kfir warplanes .
At 3,500 metres , it is 500 metres longer than the longest in Britain , the former US base outside Campbeltown , Scotland .
The USAF is awaiting Barack Obama 's signature on a bill , already passed by the US Congress , to devote $ 46 m to works at the base .
Many Colombians are upset at the agreement between the US and Colombia that governs - or , perhaps more accurately , fails to govern - US use of Palanquero and the other six bases .
The Colombian Council of State , a non-partisan constitutional body with the duty to comment on legislation , has said that the agreements are unfair to Colombia since they put the US and not the host country in the driving seat , and that they should be redrafted in accordance with the Colombian constitution .
The immunities being granted to US soldiers are , the council adds , against the 1961 Vienna Convention ; the agreement can be changed by future regulations which can totally transform it ; and the permission given to the US to install satellite receivers for radio and television without the usual licences and fees is " without any valid reason " .
President Uribe , whose studies at St Antony 's College , Oxford , were subsidised by the Foreign and Commonwealth Office , has chosen to disregard the Council of State .
In May , the Obama Administration was pointedly demanding that the Israeli government abandon all construction in all of its settlements , insisting that no exceptions could be tolerated and the move was a must for peace .
It took less than six months for that position to be abandoned in its entirety .
The hawkish Netanyahu government is now relishing a major victory over the US as Secretary of State Hillary Clinton praised Israel , which has angrily rejected those demands , for their commitment to the peace process .
It seems that President Obama ’s ambition for Palestinian statehood has given way , in the face of furious anti-Obama protests across Israel , to a 180 degree turn back to the unquestioningly pro-Israel position of the past several US presidents .
Now the Palestinian Authority , once eagerly praising the Obama Administration for pressing Israel , says that Clinton is actually undermining efforts to resume the stalled talks .
Since Israel has repeatly ruled out any peace talks with the PA in recent weeks , there was n’t much to undermine , but their frustration is clear .
This is an unofficial list of Problem Banks compiled only from public sources .
Changes and comments from surferdude808 :
The FDIC finally released its enforcement actions for October today , which led to a large increase in the number of institutions on the Unofficial Problem Bank List .
This week the list changed by a net 30 institutions to 543 from 513 while aggregate assets increased by $ 10 billion to $ 312 billion .
For the 33 institutions added , their average asset size is $ 321 million .
The largest include Hillcrest Bank , Overland Park , Kansas ( $ 1.9 billion ) ; Charter Bank , Santa Fe , New Mexico ( $ 1.3 billion ) , and Severn Savings Bank , Annapolis , Maryland ( $ 990 million ) .
Geographic highlights include the addition of five Illinois - based institutions and four each in Georgia and Texas .
The FDIC issued a Prompt Corrective Action Order against Rockbridge Commercial Bank , Atlanta , Georgia ( $ 294 million ) , and LibertyPointe Bank , New York , New York ( $ 212 million ) ; Liberty Pointe has been operating under a Cease & Desist Order since July 2009 .
The deletions this week include Commerce Bank of Southwest Florida , which failed last Friday , and First Independent Bank , where the FDIC terminated the enforcement action during October 2009 .
The FDIC assigns classification codes indicating an institution 's charter type ( commercial bank , savings bank , or savings association ) , its chartering agent ( state or federal government ) , its Federal Reserve membership status ( member or nonmember ) , and its primary federal regulator ( state - chartered institutions are subject to both federal and state supervision ) .
These codes are : N National chartered commercial bank supervised by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency
SM State charter Fed member commercial bank supervised by the Federal Reserve
NM State charter
Fed nonmember commercial bank supervised by the FDIC
SA State or federal charter savings association supervised by the Office of Thrift Supervision
SB State charter savings bank supervised by the FDIC
The list is compiled from regulator press releases or from public news sources ( see Enforcement Action Type link for source ) .
The FDIC data is released monthly with a delay , and the Fed and OTC data is more timely .
The OCC data is a little lagged .
Note :
The FDIC announced there were 552 bank on the official Problem Bank list at the end of Q3 .
The difference is a mostly a matter of timing - some enforcement actions have n't been announced yet , and others may be pending .
See description below table for Class and Cert ( and a link to FDIC ID system ) .
For a full screen version of the table click here
The table is wide - use scroll bars to see all information !
This is the certificate number assigned by the FDIC used to identify institutions and for the issuance of insurance certificates .
Click on the number and the Institution Directory ( ID ) system " will provide the last demographic and financial data filed by the selected institution " .
Hackers prepended a matching " V " and " O " to the chrome " MIT " sign in front of the Stata Center , perhaps to express their opinion of the architecture , or perhaps as a commentary on the start of term .
Someone was apparently not amused as the hack was removed in the morning .
' Relax , Brother ' : Exclusive Video Shows Taliban Attack That Killed 9 U.S. Soldiers at Afghan Post Taliban commander boasts of op that left nine U.S. soldiers dead .
Nov. 12 , 2009  --
It was one of the deadliest attacks of the war for U.S. forces in Afghanistan .
The target : a remote U.S. outpost in Wanat , Nuristan .
The date : July 13 , 2008 .
ABC News has obtained a view of the battle unseen until now : the attack , filmed by the Taliban as they assaulted the base .
The exclusive video of the attack was obtained via the NEFA Foundation .
The video begins by showing Taliban fighters walking on a mountain path .
They appear relaxed and comfortable , walking through the area armed but unchallenged .
They are heard chatting calmly on their radios .
" Relax , brother , " says one .
" Everything is fine in my area , " says another .
The night before the attack , they stop to pray .
Then , as dawn breaks , the assault begins with a hail of gunfire .
According to an exclusive interview with Taliban commander Maulvi Manibullah , who claims to have organized the operation , the attack involved 150 Taliban fighters dispersed into 30 groups of five .
They confronted a few dozen U.S. and Afghan soldiers .
" Residents tipped us off about the base before it opened , " Manibullah claimed , " so we took positions in the area .
We attacked from four sides . "
Gunfire and rocket - propelled grenades set the outpost on fire .
U.S. troops are pinned down around their Humvee .
In the video , tracers mark their return fire .
But despite withering fire , Taliban fighters move closer , eventually right inside the camp .
" Initially , about 30 fedayeen armed with AK - 47s and other weapons forced their entry into the camp and opened fire , " Manibullah said .
" The foreign soldiers did n't know whether the firing was coming from the inside or from outside the camp . "
When the fighting finally ended that day , nine Americans were dead .
Taliban Show Strength Through Other Attacks
Today , say U.S. commanders , the Taliban are showing their strength across the country , from a similar deadly ambush on Camp Keating near the Pakistani border in early October , to the raid on a U.N. compound in downtown Kabul later last month .
Increasingly , the Taliban are establishing a presence even around the capital , Kabul .
Just 30 miles from the city , in Wardak province , Taliban fighters patrol the roads .
" I want all the foreigners to get out of our country , " 23 - year - old Mawlavi Kiramat , a Taliban fighter , told ABC News .
The Taliban have a ready supply of thousands of recruits -- some fed up with U.S. strikes -- motivated for a holy war against the U.S. military .
" That Kalashnikov [ assault rifle ] and that label of holy warrior , they are very powerful , " said Michael Semple of Harvard University .
" They really convey a status that you have little other chance of obtaining . "
Back in Nuristan two days after the attack , the outpost was abandoned , along with other small bases .
Also in the exclusive video , Taliban fighters are seen making their way inside one of them , examining every inch .
" They have vegetables , " said one of them as he walked through the camp .
" This is a clinic .
And here is where they fired their mortars . "
As part of Gen. McChrystal 's strategy review , the U.S. is now considering moving away from guarding unpopulated areas , in part because of deadly attacks like the one in Wanat , Nuristan .
Ehud Olmert , Israel 's prime minister during the Gaza war , would probably face arrest on war crimes charges if he visited Britain , according to a UK lawyer who is working to expand the application of " universal jurisdiction " for offences involving serious human rights abuses committed anywhere in the world .
Neither Olmert nor Tzipi Livni , the foreign minister during the Cast Lead offensive , and a member of Israel 's war cabinet , would enjoy immunity from prosecution for alleged breaches of the Geneva conventions , predicted Daniel Machover , who is involved in intensifying legal work after the controversial Goldstone report on the three - week conflict .
Neither are ministers any longer .
Prosecutions of Israeli political and military figures remain likely despite the failure to obtain an arrest warrant for Ehud Barak , the defence minister , when he visited the UK earlier this month , he said .
In the Barak case a magistrate accepted advice from the Foreign Office that the minister enjoyed state immunity and rejected an application made on behalf of several residents of the Gaza Strip .
" This needs to be tested at the right time and in the right place , " Machover said .
" One day one of these people will make a mistake and go to the wrong country and face a criminal process — and then it 'll be a matter for the courts of that country to give them a fair trial : that 's what the Palestinian victims want . "
The death toll for the war was some 1,300 Palestinians and 13 Israelis .
Israel insists it acted in legitimate self - defence in response to rocket attacks by Hamas .
Police sources denied a claim that police maintain a " watch list " of Israeli officers who would face arrest if they try to enter the country .
In 2005 General Doron Almog was tipped off that he was about to be arrested before leaving a plane at Heathrow airport .
Last month a former chief of staff , General Moshe Ya'alon , cancelled a visit to Britain , apparently for fear of arrest .
Ami Ayalon , former head of the Shin Bet security service , faced an arrest warrant in the Netherlands following a complaint by a Palestinian who said he had been tortured .
The development of universal jurisdiction has been boosted by the Goldstone report , which urged Israel to conduct an independent inquiry into alleged war crimes .
Failing that , other governments were advised to try suspects using universal jurisdiction .
Another option was for the UN security council to refer allegations to the international criminal court .
Israel refused to co-operate with the report , which also accused Hamas of war crimes .
But the law is complex and developing unevenly .
Lawyers in Germany were this week unable to obtain an arrest warrant for the current Israeli army chief of staff , Lieutenant General Gabi Ashkenazi , because German law grants immunity to guests invited on state visits .
Spain is considered legally " dangerous " by the Israelis .
Machover confirmed that he was working with other lawyers in the EU and elsewhere " in an increasingly organised fashion in different jurisdictions .
It 's not just about Palestine .
It might be about Rwanda or Afghanistan , " he said .
Israel 's Ha'aretz newspaper reported today that officers of the Israel Defence Forces who took part in the Gaza operation have been asked to consult legal experts at the foreign ministry , where they are instructed how to behave abroad and in some cases advised not to visit certain countries .
The ministry said it was " aware of efforts undertaken by Palestinian groups and their supporters to harm IDF officers through legal and public relations means , and is working to prevent such efforts . "
The men of Stargate Universe have been busy punching , exploring and saving lives using complicated math .
Meanwhile the womenfolk have cried , drunk , got naked , and been used up sexually .
Is SGU getting a little sexist ?
Fans certainly think so .
Advertisement
Chicago Tribune 's Maureen Ryan pointed out this weekend all the unhappy SGU fans at Television Without Pity saying that SGU is getting fairly sexist with their female characters ...
The thing that continues to astound me is that this is the same network which has seen its best ratings ever for Warehouse [ 13 ] , a show which appeals to a broader set of demos , particularly bringing in new female viewership to the network & yet can't get its head around the fact that those same female viewers are also the most potentially likely to be offended by SGU .
They seemed astounded that women watched BSG and loved the female demo's for Warehouse 13 and yet for SGU we have - boob shots and shower shots and so far every women seems to be defined in some way by a male , either through sex in a closet , or needing some guy for comfort or apparently a prior affair .
Oh except for Ming Na , our lesbian character who we 've only briefly seen acting like a bitch before she left again .
There should have been or should be a strong female character in every single episode and virtually all scenes but we get Eli and Rush and Young and Scott and of course dear , helpless Chloe .
Honestly , in a weird way SGU seems very ' dated ' in it 's viewpoints and set ups for the female characters ; I almost feel like I 'm watching scifi from the 70's .
Advertisement
The message board is flooded with negative opinions about the practically mute female cast aboard the Destiny .
Ming - Na 's much - hyped openly lesbian character has all but said three words along with equally quiet T.J. , while the hapless Senator 's daughter wanders about the ship never far from the crook of a protective man 's arm , even though she so does n't need it .
To be honest I agree and disagree .
And I too am a bit dismayed but the complete lack of screen time for the female characters .
Especially since I feel like a few of them may be interesting , but I just do n't have the slightest clue who they are .
That being said , even the men themselves , while getting a lot more screen time are horribly stereotyped .
There 's the quiet stern one , the crazy one , the nerd , the hot adventurous white guy , and the angry black guy .
Do we really want the women getting more screen time , if they will only be subjected to this type of stereotyping ?
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
But , the series still has hope .
Even though I was loathed to see this weeks big moment for the one talking female character , the Senator 's daughter , ended up with her in the shower while the leering nerd PG - ly panted nearby .
Right here this scene is both everything that is wrong and is right with SGU .
For one , Eli was being forced to interact with people , not just blurt out unfunny zingers for no reason .
It was in this moment where we got to see real human interaction that was n't Rush screaming or forced comedy .
Eli's conundrum along with a few other gems give me great hope for the series , because when it hits it 's fantastic .
Too bad it was sandwiched between two very annoying characters — the Senator 's daughter who whines constantly and needs to be surrounded by men at all time , even while showering , and the " other one " soldier lady who was apparently put on screen for gratuitous " I have large breasts " camera angles [ anyone else catch that moment ? ] .
In fact , I 've even forgotten this character 's name , I honestly know her as the soldier with larger than average boobs , which makes me sad inside .
Advertisement
The series desperately needs to learn how to mesh the world of Stargate and " gritty scifi " together .
And perhaps giving the women more screen time could help .
After all , this is the franchise that brought us Samantha Carter .
Past females on the show proved that the series knows how to write a strong female character who can stand toe - to - toe with fellow soldiers and talk .
Look I 'm not asking for much , I do n't need a heroine just a slightly strong speaking female will do .
Let 's hope that the silent female characters , like the medic TJ and possibly fiesty Ming - Na , will give the women something else to do .
Which may not be the case for TJ , since the show is all too happy to point out , continually , that she is a PARAMEDIC not a REAL Doctor , which by now sounds less like " these people are ill equipped " and more like " she is ill equipped " when repeated over and over .
Please note that none of the other main characters are ever really subjected to this constant " you 're not good enough " attention that she likes to lump on herself .
Eli gets a few , " you 're a drop out " comments but again , he 's quick to point out that it was MIT he left .
So what 's with TJ , we do n't know yet , but the " just a medic " routine is starting to grate .
There may be something more to this character , if only we could get her to , ya know , talk .
Advertisement
So let 's hope the SGU episode brings TJ and Ming - Na out to do , well hell , something .
Dartz Prombron luxury SUV from Russia
One month ago DARTZ presented uberluxury armored car with whale penis interior - PROMBRON ' ( ex.RussoBaltique ) , lot of people name this car as DARTZ .
KOMBAT .
As the world 's resonance was very huge and DARTZ got lot of angry e-mails from Greenpeace , WWF and also Pamela Anderson , DARTZ make strong decision to stop their plans regarding such interior .
" We have no any ideas to kill the whale or something like that .
All we want - to make just luxury car .
Real luxury car which will be world number one car .
Our brand was started at 1869 when in Riga was opened Coach Factory or Russo Baltiysky Vagonnij Zavod - PBVZ , and first products was luxury train coaches .
At 1907 was made a decision to open Car Department , and at 1909 first car left factory - the name of this car was RussoBalt .
This was luxury and sport cars .
At 1911 specially for Monaco Rally car got french style name - RussoBaltique .
At 1912 factory made world first 4 x 4 wheel drive car , and at 1914 - armored car .
All we want to unite luxury and armoring traditions of RussoBalt factory in one car , which brand celebrated 100 years now .
At 1922 RussoBalt was renamed to PROMBRON ' ( ex.RussoBalt ) .
We just looking for most expensive products for this car - and that 's why we choosed whale penis leathure when we checked it is most of most .
After wave of protest we realised our mistake and make a decision not to use natural leathure at all .
We will focus on world most advanced nanotechnologies to achieve interior highest quality using artificial materials which also was never
We just looking for most expensive products for this car - and that 's why we choosed whale penis leathure when we checked it is most of most .
After wave of protest we realised our mistake and make a decision not to use natural leathure at all .
We will focus on world most advanced nanotechnologies to achieve interior highest quality using artificial materials which also was never used for cars .
We want to tell our hello to all whales : " Our Sea Brothers !
We all know that earth are stand on three whales - we will keep
You live !
We do n't Earth fall down to Ocean ! "
Also we make a decision to pay more attention to glass and on our new car model we will use glass which will be made by special technology - from artificial grown chrystals , which will be gold sputerred to cut IR and UV rays , which make driving inconvinient when sun shine .
Best regards ,
Leonard F. Yankelovich
You probably heard about the Dartz Prombron recently , the ultra-luxury armored SUV from Russia that would feature , among other ne plus ultra materials , leather pulled from whale penis foreskin .
Why whale foreskin ?
Someone told them it was the best so they jumped on it .
Unfortunately , the attraction did n't last very long .
They have issued a release saying they will release the penis from their options list .
Apparently the company has had a rethink on their choice of interior materials after receiving negative responses to their announcement from Greenpeace , the World Wildlife Fund , and even Pamela Anderson .
Personally , we think this might be more of a reaction to the new anti-whaling boat that the Sea Shephards have picked up for the upcoming season of Whale Wars :
The newly rechristened Ady Gil , a 90 km/h semi-submersible tri-hull that holds the record for global circumnavigation .
Whatever the reason , Dartz has Bobbitted the penis from the vehicle 's spec sheet .
In a brilliant press release that we could n't possibly put into any better words , the company announced the change .
Follow the jump to read the verbiage for yourself .
Thanks for the tips , everyone !
[ Source : Dartz via The Star
A Series of Down Endings
By Steven Lloyd Wilson | Industry | August 5 , 2009 |
Test audiences did n’t like the ending of The Time Traveler ’s Wife , so they changed it so that it has a happy ending .
Director Robert Schwentke explained : “ So we made the choice to say , ‘ OK , we know what we need to do .
We ’re smarter now . ’
It ’s a process when you make a film .
We had n’t been dated or anything , so we felt like , ‘ OK , let ’s do the right thing .
Let ’s finish the movie properly . ’ ”
Oh blind fury , how I ’ve missed you .
It ’s been a week or two since you last curled my hands into claws to rip furrows from my own flesh .
“ Properly ” ?
Really ?
You ’re going to go there ?
You ’ve directed Flightplan and a single episode of “ Lie to Me ” and you ’re going to swap out the gut - wrenching final scene of a beautiful story because 30 people you found at a mall on a Tuesday afternoon did n’t like being sad ?
It ’s a tragic love story you ignorant twat , it ’s not supposed to end with a warm and fuzzy “ awwwwwww , how sweet . ”
The only things that should have happy endings in Hollywood are massages and Disney films , and even Walt killed Bambi ’s mom .
Mrs. SLW pointed out The Time Traveler ’s Wife to me a couple of days ago because she knew I loved the novel so much .
I ’d seen the trailer and explained to her that I did n’t hold out much hope for it as a movie because so much of the story is internalized characterization , which just does n’t translate well to the visual medium of the screen .
Well , I gave the film industry too much credit .
The film is n’t going to suck because directors are incapable of translating internal characterization to the screen , it ’s going to suck because they ’re incapable of translating a fucking story onto the screen .
I flipped through SciFi Wire this morning and noticed a hilarious trend to the headlines over the last couple of days :
“ God forbid you call Time - Traveler ’s Wife a sci - fi film . ”
“ Hughes brothers : Do n’t call Eli a post - apocalyptic thriller ”
“ Park Chan-wook : Do n’t think of Thirst as a vampire movie ”
Let ’s just generalize the meme : “ do n’t think about movies as stories . ”
They ’re not made for us to think about ; they ’re just there to give our reptile brains two - hour hand jobs .
Steven Lloyd Wilson is the sci- fi and history editor .
You can email him here or follow him on Twitter .
Joe Lieberman is accusing President Obama of executing a bait and switch when it comes to the public option :
" It ’s classic politics of our time that if you look at the campaign last year , presidential , you ca n’t find a mention of public option , " Lieberman said .
" It was added after the election as a part of what we normally consider health insurance reform — insurance market reforms , cover people , cover people who are not covered .
Nice line , Joe , except it 's based on a flat - out lie .
President Obama backed the public option during the campaign .
For example , the Obama - Biden health care plan proposed a new public plan ( emphasis added ) :
NEW AFFORDABLE , ACCESSIBLE HEALTH INSURANCE OPTIONS .
The Obama - Biden plan will create a National Health Insurance Exchange to help individuals purchase new affordable health care options if they are uninsured or want new health insurance .
Through the Exchange , any American will have the opportunity to enroll in the new public plan or an approved private plan , and income - based sliding scale tax credits will be provided for people and families who need it .
Insurers would have to issue every applicant a policy and charge fair and stable premiums that will not depend upon health status .
The Exchange will require that all the plans offered are at least as generous as the new public plan and meet the same standards for quality and efficiency .
...
The Obama - Biden plan provides new affordable health insurance options by ... requiring all large employers to contribute towards health coverage for their employees or towards the cost of the public plan .
In May , 2007 , the New York Times reported that President Obama had proposed a public option ( emphasis added ) :
Mr. Obama would create a public plan for individuals who cannot obtain group coverage through their employers or the existing government programs ...
He would also create a National Health Insurance Exchange , a regulated marketplace of competing private health plans intended to give individuals other , more affordable options for coverage .
The public plan would compete in that Insurance Exchange , advisers said .
And here 's a Washington Post candidate profile , President Obama said :
My plan builds on and improves our current insurance system , which most Americans continue to rely upon , and creates a new public health plan for those currently without coverage .
So , Joe , you 're wrong .
President Obama has supported a public option from the very beginning .
He ran for President on it , he won the election , and now he 's doing what he promised .
That 's a hell of a lot more than anybody can say about you , Joe .
Despite your sanctimony , you 've done nothing but lie since you squeaked out that victory in 2006 : just lie after lie after lie .
And you 're lying again now .
At 84 , the writer and activist may be confined to a wheelchair , but his rage – at his country , its leaders and citizens – burns as fiercely as ever .
Johann Hari watches the sparks fly
In Russian , the phrase " gore vidal " means " he has seen grief " .
As Gore Vidal is wheeled towards me across an empty London hotel lobby , it seems for the first time like an apt translation .
In the eight years since I saw him last , he has lost his partner of 50 years , most of his friends , most of his enemies , and the use of his legs .
The man I met then – bristling with his own brilliance , scattering witticisms around like confetti – has withered .
His skin is like parchment , but the famous cheekbones are still sharp beneath the crags .
" It is so cold in here , " he says , by way of introduction .
" So fucking cold . "
Gore Vidal is not only grieving for his own dead circle and his fading life , but for his country .
At 83 , he has lived through one third of the lifespan of the United States .
If anyone incarnates the American century that has ended , it is him .
He was America 's greatest essayist , one of its best - selling novelists and the wit at every party .
He holidayed with the Kennedys , cruised for men with Tennessee Williams , was urged to run for Congress by Eleanor Roosevelt , co-wrote some of the most iconic Hollywood films , damned US foreign policy from within , sued Truman Capote , got fellated by Jack Kerouac , watched his cousin Al Gore get elected President and still lose the White House , and – finally , bizarrely – befriended and championed the Oklahoma bomber , Timothy McVeigh .
Yet now , he says , it is clear the American experiment has been " a failure " .
It was all for nothing .
Soon the country will be ranked " somewhere between Brazil and Argentina , where it belongs . "
The Empire will collapse militarily in Afghanistan ; the nation will collapse internally when Obama is broken " by the madhouse " and the Chinese call in the country 's debts .
A ruined United States will then be " the Yellow Man 's Burden " , and " they 'll have us running the coolie cars , or whatever it is they have in the way of transport " .
A Scotch is fetched for him as he is wheeled into the corner of the bar .
" I was like everyone else when Obama was elected – optimistic .
Everything we had been saying about racial integration was vindicated , " he says , " but he 's incompetent .
He will be defeated for re-election .
It 's a pity because he 's the first intellectual president we 've had in many years , but he can't hack it .
He 's not up to it .
He 's overwhelmed .
And who would n't be ?
The United States is a madhouse .
The country should be put away – and we 're being told to go away .
Nothing makes any sense . "
The President " wants to be liked by everybody , and he thought all he had to do was talk reason .
But remember – the Republican Party is not a political party .
It 's a mindset , like Hitler Youth .
It 's full of hatred .
You 're not going to get them aboard .
Do n't even try .
The only way to handle them is to terrify them .
He 's too delicate for that . "
When he compares Obama to his old friend Jack Kennedy , he shakes his head .
" He 's twice the intellectual that Jack was , but Jack knew the great world .
Remember he spent a long time in the navy , losing ships .
This kid [ Obama ] has never heard a gun fired in anger .
He 's absolutely bowled over by generals , who tell him lies and he believes them .
He has n't done anything .
If you were faced with great problems in chemistry – to find the perfect gas , to gas a population – you wo n't know for a long time whether it works .
You have to go by what people tell you .
He 's like that .
He 's not ready for prime time and he 's getting a lot of prime time on his plate at once . "
Is there any hope ?
" Every sign I see is doom .
But then people say " – he adopts a whiny , nasal voice – " ' Oh Mr Vidal , you 're so negative , ca n't you say something nice about America ?
It 's a wonderful country , everybody wants to live here . '
Oh yes ?
When was the last time you saw a Norwegian with a green card who wanted to come here because of the health service ?
I 'll pay you if you can find one . "
But there is , he says with sudden perkiness , some " good news .
Afghanistan will be terminal for the American empire , yes .
Which is a happy way of looking at it .
We 'll be out of the empire game , rapidly .
But it 's too late for the country and the constitution . "
He raises his drink , and smiles ironically .
" To a better republic , " he says , and drinks in one long gulp .
I . The death of America
The current spasming death of America was foretold at its birth , Vidal says , and it can only be understood by whirling back there .
It has been his mission to explain the past to the " United States of Amnesia , " through his novels and essays .
When he speaks , he sweeps over two millennia of history – from Caesar to Obama – as if he was there , forever spraying one - liners from the back row .
Today , he was stopped time in Philadelphia , at the birth of the republic .
" Benjamin Franklin saw all this coming , " he says .
" I quote him because most Americans do n't even know who he was now .
You 'll have to explain to your readers . "
Franklin was a writer , scientist and soldier who became one of the founding fathers of the United States .
" In Philadelphia in 1781 , when the constitution was being put together , he was an observer .
He did n't want to have any part of it , and as he was leaving the Constitution Hall in Philadelphia a couple of old ladies said , ' Ah , Mr Franklin , what is going to happen ? '
He told them : ' Well , you 're going to get a Republic , if you can keep it .
But every constitution of this sort has failed since the beginning of time due to the corruption of the people . ' "
So the American people are corrupt ?
Americans were n't good enough for America ?
" Precisely .
They were only good enough to be a restive colonial power – or the dregs of one . "
Vidal 's politics began here – almost .
He was born at the United States Military Academy in West Point to a wealthy family at the apex of American power .
His grandfather was Thomas Pryor Gore , the Senator for Oklahoma .
He was blind , so from the age of five , little Gore was reading letters and books for big Gore and guiding him discreetly through Washington DC parties .
The Senator was a populist , fighting to rally the people against the concentrated power of Wall Street and Big Finance .
He represented the cotton farmers who emerged battered from the Civil War , only to be destroyed by Wall Street financiers playing roulette with the global cotton price .
Yet there was always a strange contradiction to his life : " My grandfather could n't stand his constituents , " Vidal says .
" And they loved him for it .
Figure that one out . "
He was a populist with no faith in the populace – precisely what his grandson has turned into .
Gore Vidal shares the populist belief that the people are being shafted by the rich – but he thinks the population is too cretinous and drugged by television and fast food to figure it out .
" It is always to be hoped that the people will mysteriously be educated , somehow .
Well , that 's the link .
But the people do n't know anything .
As soon as we became an empire , we stopped teaching geography in the schools , so nobody would know where anything is .
It 's not the people 's fault – they have been perverted them into imperial ways of thinking so that they would be docile workers and loyal consumers .
That was the dream and it has come true . "
As a child , Vidal loved spending time with his Senator - grandfather , not least because it meant he could escape for a time from his alcoholic mother Nina .
When I raise the topic , he adopts the nasal whine of a mock - interviewer again and says : " ' Oh Mr Vidal , your poor mother can't have been as awful as you say [ in your memoirs ] . '
She was a lot worse .
I do n't go after other people 's mothers , but my own was quite enough to attack . "
She was constantly drunk , and when she was n't savaging him or threatening suicide , she would tell her son the full details of her life in an obsessive angry blather .
When he was 10 , " she told me that rage made her orgasmic .
I did n't think to ask her if sex did the same . "
When he appeared on the cover of Time magazine years later , she wrote a long letter to the magazine denouncing him .
The magazine headlined it : " A Mother 's Love . "
Vidal seems to have inherited his bitter wit from her .
Asked why she did n't marry for a fourth time , she said : " My first husband had three balls , my second two , my third one .
Even I know enough not to press my luck . "
Does he think of her often ?
" No . "
He gives me an icy stare .
After all these years , can he feel any compassion for her ?
" No . "
The ice becomes a glacier .
Does he think , at least , that she shaped his personality ?
His old friend Kenneth Tynan , the theatre critic , wrote in his diaries : " What superb and seamless armour he wears , as befits one for whom life is a permanent battle for ( social and intellectual ) supremacy ...
Gore could never surrender ( ie , expose ) himself to anyone . "
Could his mother 's cruelty explain his lifelong sweeping dismissal of everything around him – the constant goring by Gore ?
As soon as I ask this , I realise how Vidal has changed since I last saw him .
Then , he would have responded with a witty put - down , or reasserted his supremacy with an obscure classical reference , quoted in the original Greek .
Now he looks a little hurt – his eyes flicker sadly – and he says : " Well , it 's the last thing I 'd like to think about . "
Then he is silent .
I suddenly feel rude and cruel .
His grandfather became increasingly furious that Franklin Roosevelt was – he believed – dragging the United States into an unnecessary war against Germany and Japan .
He was opposed to all foreign wars , which he believed were drummed up by big business to serve their interests .
" He thought that no foreign war was worth the life of any American , " Vidal says , with a smile of pride .
But this – combined with his opposition to the New Deal – meant he was voted out of office .
As a little act of revenge , Vidal says he has never visited Oklahoma .
He joined the army at the age of 17 , glad to escape his mother .
He spent the war posted in Italy and , for three years , Alaska .
He is not surprised that this " frozen hell " has produced Sarah Palin , " the latest idol in America 's long cult of stupidity " .
Alaska was , he says , " the place where all the crooks in America went to hide .
And they produced her . "
He says he realises now that he was part of an army sent to build a global empire by " America 's Augustus , Roosevelt " .
The old America was replaced by a military octopus with a metal arm on every continent , and the old constitution was replaced by a " National Security State .
I would n't have enlisted if I knew where it was going to lead " , he says .
" But there it was , and we ended [ the war as ] an empire and slammed the door behind us .
Then we fucked it up . "
He left the army with no money .
" My father and grandfather , as self - made men , were not going to make any other man .
I knew that , " he says .
So he sat down and wrote a novel about the war called Williwaw .
At the age of 20 , he was suddenly a hard - boiled realist bestseller .
He was lauded as a tough young soldier , and his grandfather talked of setting him up with a Congressional seat – but Vidal wanted to write another , bolder novel , based on the only person he had ever loved .
It pulled any hope of a political career down behind him – but made him a defining figure in American life .
II .
An Interrupted Love Story
When Vidal was 14 , a boy called Jimmy Trimble moved into Vidal 's dorm at his Washington boarding school .
He was a blond , built jock ; Vidal was a bookish intellectual .
" His sweat smelled of honey , like that of Alexander the Great , " he wrote years later in his memoir , Palimpsest .
They fell in lust and perhaps in love , and had sex in the forest at the edge of the school grounds .
" It was the first human happiness I had ever encountered , " Vidal wrote .
He saw Trimble as his other half , the person who finally made him complete .
Then Trimble was , at the age of 19 , blown up by a hand grenade on the beaches of Iwo Jima .
For years , thoughts of Trimble still made Vidal tremble .
I think they still do : his eyes turn distant and a little watery when we talk about him .
So he wrote a novel – The City and The Pillar – imagining what would have happened if they had met again after the war .
It 's a dark , bitter book : the sex is a failure and one kills the other .
But in 1950s America , to show two all - American boys – manly , self - assured – having sex was wildly bold .
He was subject to a blackout in the " respectable " press and any hope of elected office died , but the book became a best - seller .
Vidal resolved that he would never again find what he had lost with Jimmy : " It would be greedy to expect a repetition .
I was aware of my once - perfect luck , and left it at that . "
He says he had sex with more than a thousand " anonymous youths " by the age of 25 .
He never saw them twice ; he never pretended there was any affection there .
He was what they labelled " trade " – he did nothing ( deliberately , at least ) to please them .
He was pleasured ; that was all .
" When I got too old , I paid for it gladly . "
After the death of Trimble , he seems to have emotionally cauterised himself .
Even his closest friends have said there is an isolation at the core of his character .
He once said : " I have known so many people , but it seems I have known nobody at all . "
Strangely , though , Vidal has always resisted the idea that he is a " gay " champion .
" I never said I was gay , because I do n't think anyone is . "
He says he finds " these restrictions tiresome .
In the centuries of Rome 's great military and political success , there was no differentiation between same - sexers and other - sexers ; there was also a lot of crossing back and forth .
Of the first 12 Roman emperors , only one was exclusively heterosexual . "
The US today is , for all the fussing , full of sodomy , he says .
" Did you see [ Colonel ] Gaddafi [ at the UN ] complaining that American soldiers have been sodomising Arab boys ?
I thought , well that 's been the case since the very beginning of the republic .
They blamed the sodomy on those great forests out there which they said made them horny .
There was nothing else to do but bugger boys , they said . "
So homosexuality and heterosexuality are fictions ?
" Yes , of course . "
He adopts a camp voice and adds : " But it makes a lot of girls happy . "
Why do so many people believe it to be true about themselves if it 's false ?
" They believe in Jesus , and that 's a much bigger fiction , with more money spent on it .
Prettier clothes too . "
When he was 25 , Vidal met a younger man called Howard Austen , and they settled down together , on one condition – they agreed to never have sex , nor be romantic in any way .
He and Austen were together for 50 years .
He died last year in a hospital in the Hollywood Hills .
" He had lung cancer and he would n't stop smoking and then it went to his brain and he had brain cancer .
That 's ... that 's what happened , " he says .
Once , in an essay , he quoted the critic Edmund Wilson , who said of his dead wife : " After she was dead , I loved her . "
Can he say that of Howard ?
He affects not to hear .
" Now I 'm a gimp .
I can't walk .
I need hospitals .
You know I have a knee made out of titanium . "
He taps his knee .
" So you see , I need hospitals . "
And he looks away , a little absently , as if thinking of something else .
III .
Isolation
By his mid-20s , Vidal was a best - selling author , and rich .
He rented a property in Guatemala – far from his mother – and settled down to write his next novel .
But in that small tropical central American country , he found he was going to have to dramatically reassess the country he had just fought for – and pull his grandfather 's abandoned philosophy from the gutter of history .
Just before Vidal arrived , the poverty - wreathed Guatemalan people had elected a left - wing president called Jacobo Árbenz Guzmán .
They wanted him to introduce a minimum wage and start taxing the US mega- corporation , the United Fruit Company , that dominated the country 's only industry , banana - growing .
The outraged United Fruit Company acted to preserve its profits – by getting Washington to topple Árbenz and install a dictator .
The phrase " banana republic " entered the language .
" I was astonished , " Vidal says .
" I had known vaguely about our numerous past interventions in Central America .
But that was the past . "
He discovered that Senator Henry Cabot Lodge was leading the charge , and " I did n't believe it .
Lodge was a family friend ; as a boy I had discussed poetry with him " .
He says he realised then he had been fighting " for an Empire , not a republic " .
His grandfather , he resolved , had been right all along : wars only serve elites .
He rapidly became the leading left - wing critic of American foreign policy .
He warned against every war from Vietnam to Iraq , often with extraordinary prescience .
At the height of George W Bush 's post -9/11 popularity , he said : " Mark my words – he will leave office the most unpopular President in history . "
His essays on this subject are often great flares of truth and anger .
His horror at US foreign policy can be summarised in one little scene .
In the 1980s , the Sistine Chapel was being restored , and some VIPs were invited to view it on an elevated platform .
He spotted that old serial killer Henry Kissinger inspecting the section depicting Hell , and said : " Look , he 's apartment hunting . "
Vidal started preaching his grandfather 's gospel of isolationism .
" I am a patriot of the old republic that has slowly vanished during the expansionist years and disappeared completely in 1950 when the National Security State replaced it , " he says .
" I want us to go from a wartime economy to a peacetime economy , and restore the constitution .
We should leave the world alone , before they make us . "
The US is only menaced , he says , because it menaces others .
" In geopolitics as in physics , there is no action without reaction . "
He stirs his Scotch and says : " There was no 9/11 .
I mean – our policies were such that we were going to have a lot of crazy people out there in the Arab world who were going to try to blow us up , because of crimes they feel we committed against them .
Any fool could see it coming .
And I 'm sufficiently a fool to have seen it . "
He sees his job as expressing " the unacceptable obvious " , and says he is always ready to " turn the other fist " .
I tell him that while I agree with many of his criticisms of US foreign policy , it seems that to keep his isolationism pristine and pure , he has to go further than the truth .
He has to imply every attack on the United States ' power was provoked , and therefore justified – when some were not .
He looks coldly at me .
" Okay – name one . "
Pearl Harbour , I say .
If the US can be an expansionist empire , so can other countries .
The Japanese empire attacked the US , just as the US expansionists attacked Guatemala , Vietnam and others .
It was unprovoked aggression .
His face tightens into a scowl .
" Roosevelt saw to it that we got that war ! " he snaps .
" He taunted the Japanese so they would have to hit us , at Pearl Harbour , and they did ...
We have conveniently forgotten because we do n't teach American history to anybody , but he sent an ultimatum to the Japanese telling them to get out of China , which they 'd been trying to conquer for years .
He was laying down the law to them , [ saying they had to ] surrender their rather proud nation 's empire .
And they said fuck you .
And the next thing we knew the fleet was moving towards Pearl Harbour . "
That 's not how most historians read it – but I move on to an even more contested example .
He says the Soviet Empire was " purely reactive " to American power , and only committed atrocities and invasions because the US " goaded them " .
Can that be true ?
Could n't they be independently cruel , just as the US sometimes was ?
" They had a whole continent to play with , they did n't need any more space , " he says , and changes the subject , rather oddly , to talk about the Dutch .
I try to pull him back .
Yes , it 's clearly the case that 9/11 was in part a blow - back response to US crimes in the Middle East , but he goes much further , and says the Bush administration was " probably " in on it .
Where is the evidence for this huge claim ?
" It would certainly fit them to a T , so you can't blame the rest of us for starting to think on slightly conspiratorial grounds .
They did steal the great election of the year 2000 and they somehow fixed the Supreme Court of the United States , that sacred place , and got them to go along with it , with the selection , not the election , the selection of George W Bush as president .
He was n't voted for , people did n't want him .
And were somewhat mystified that he ended up with it . "
But there was an earlier attack on America that he wants to discuss now – one he says was carried out by a " sane " and " noble " man .
IV .
A Noble Boy
On 19 April 1995 , a former US soldier called Timothy McVeigh planted a massive truck bomb outside a government building in Oklahoma City , at the heart of Vidal 's grandfather 's old constituency .
Some 168 people died , including a kindergarten full of children .
McVeigh wrote to Vidal , saying he had been motivated , in part , by studying his work .
He said he believed the US Constitution had been usurped by a National Security State that had to be defeated by force .
Vidal wrote back – and they became friends .
He started mounting passionate defences of the bomber in public .
He says he was not crazy , but " too sane for his place and time " .
" He was a dedicated student of the American way , of the Constitution itself , " he says .
" You should read his writings – they 're very good .
Particularly on the Posse Comitatus
Act of 1876 , which forbids the Federal government ever to use its troops against the American people – but which they proceeded to do at Waco [ a compound used by a religious cult that was attacked by federal troops in 1993 ] .
They killed more people than he managed to kill when he blew up that building in Oklahoma City .
He was a noble boy . "
Noble ?
The man who consorted with far right militia groups and blew up all those children ?
Vidal scowls again , and almost hisses : " He did n't kill them deliberately !
But the American government killed all those people at Waco , men , women and children deliberately !
It was his gesture against the government he loathed .
You know , he swore to me he had no idea there were children there .
He said , ' How would I know ?
I walked by the place once and I knew that there was some kind of dining room , families might be there , or they might not be there , ' and he was n't counting , he was n't out for a big count .
But he was trying to tell the government – look , you have done this arbitrarily , contrary to the Posse Comitatus Act , contrary to American law , you 've killed American citizens .
Remember he was an army boy , and he loved it , and he was longing to get back in the army and the army was longing to get him back , he was the best sharpshooter they 'd seen in years .
But it was not meant to be . "
But he knew he would kill scores of innocent people : that was the point .
Does n't that show a callous disrespect for human life ?
" So did Patton , so did Eisenhower ! " he says angrily .
" Everybody 's rather careless about it once you start getting involved in wars .
He saw this as a war to preserve the Constitution !
You know what he said ?
But you do n't , so I 'm going to tell you .
The judge [ at his trial ] quite liked him , and he was intrigued by the fact that this rather talkative kid who wrote tons of pieces for the press had not defended himself .
So he said – Mr McVeigh , could we hear more from you ?
[ McVeigh ] said , ' Well , your honour , I will base my case on Justice Brandeis , one of our most brilliant jurists , in his opinion in Olmstead .
There , he writes that when government ceases to lead by example and actually provides a bad example , anything can happen .
Government is the last teacher .
Everything I did , I learned from my government . "
When did this happen to Gore Vidal ?
When did he go from righteous – and right – opposition to atrocities carried out by his own government , to justifying any atrocity against it , no matter how extreme ?
When I ask him , his scowl turns to a sneer , and he says I am ignorant and clearly have n't read anything .
I decide to try a different approach .
I ask him – if there were more people like McVeigh , would that be a good thing ?
There is a crack in his hauteur , and he says : " It strikes me as a perfect nightmare .
Of course I do n't want more people like McVeigh .
Since Americans refuse to think about anything , being incapable I suspect of thought , then they 're not going to come to any conclusions except mistaken ones . "
I do n't understand .
I try again and again to tug him back and get him to say whether this means he thinks McVeigh was wrong to plant the bomb .
He wo n't .
Finally , he jeers : " You are trying my patience , " and defies me – with a long stare – to change the subject .
V. Pale Moonlight
Vidal is one of the last of his generation of American intellectuals standing ( or , at least , sitting ) .
I ask him about some of his rivals who have died recently – John Updike , William Buckley , Norman Mailer – and he interrupts .
" Updike was nothing .
Buckley was nothing with a flair for publicity .
Mailer was a flawed publicist , too , but at least there were signs every now and then of a working brain . "
Then he smiles to himself : " You know , he used the word ' existential ' all the time , to the end of his life , and never even learned what it meant .
I heard Iris Murdoch once at dinner explain to Norman what existential meant , philosophically .
He was stunned . "
There is a vulnerability to Vidal now that did n't exist eight years ago .
Before , I felt like I was shouting questions up Mount Olympus : he conducted the interview from above and beyond me , impervious to anything I said .
Now , when I laugh at his jokes , he looks pleased , and laughs too .
When we argue , he looks genuinely thrown , and hurt , and angry .
He seems keen to return to the calmer waters of his memories , and we paddle together in his Kennedy anecdotes .
Jackie was really secretly in love with Bobby , he says .
He used to call Jack the President - erect .
Jack once had sex with an actress friend of his in a bath , and suddenly rammed her head underwater , so she would have a vaginal spasm , and he would have an orgasm .
" She hates him still , " he says .
But when I ask him what he made of the late Teddy Kennedy as a person , he snaps : " Who cares what they were like as people ?
That 's just show business . "
He has had to abandon his second home in the high hills of Italy , and says he misses it .
" Italy is such a civilised country .
Unlike America . "
But is the gap so great ?
Is Silvio Berlusconi better than Barack Obama ?
He snaps again : " Who cares ?
This is showbiz you 're worried about .
I do n't care who 's on television telling jokes on the Late Show . "
Vidal seems exhausted and alone , living out his days in the Hollywood Hills .
After an amazingly full life – " I have tried everything but incest and folk - dancing , " he says – he has no more books gestating .
He has travelled to London to receive applause on stage for providing the recorded narration for the new production of Mother Courage at the National Theatre , but all his old London friends – Tynan , Tom Driberg , Princess Margaret – are dead .
I ask what it 's like to be here , and he says : " This is n't a country , it 's an American aircraft carrier . "
He starts to talk about his old friends again .
He is swimming with ghosts now – from Jimmy Trimble to Jack Kennedy to his drunken , scolding mother .
As he declines , he announces that everything around him is declining – America , literacy , humanity itself .
In one essay , Vidal said the author William Dean Howells at 84 " lived far too long " .
He quoted a line Howells wrote to Henry James : " I am comparatively a dead cult with my statues cut down and the grass growing over me in pale moonlight . "
Does he feel this about himself ?
I stare at him and do n't have the heart to ask .
He tells me he is unafraid of death .
" I 'm the least primitive American you 're going to meet , and you have to be pretty primitive to believe in hell .
To me hell is the United States of today . "
After two hours , his carer – a beautiful long - haired French boy who has been reading Céline in the corner of the hotel bar – indicates that our time is up .
I tell Vidal I hope I will interview him in another eight years ' time .
" Another eight years ?
Oh , the monotony ! " he exclaims , and begins to be wheeled away .
The last thing I hear him say as he vanishes across the marble lobby is a curse to his carer : " It 's still so f**** ing cold in here ! "
Gore Vidal is the narrator for " Mother Courage " , which is part of the Travelex £ 10 season at the National Theatre and continues in the repertoire until 8 December .
For tickets go to www.national theatre.org.uk
Source : Independent
Belfast Telegraph
Slideshow ( 5 images )
CHARLOTTE , North Carolina ( Reuters ) - Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Donovan McNabb broke a rib in his team ’s 38 - 10 win over the Carolina Panthers on Sunday and could be in doubt for next week ’s game against New Orleans , team officials said .
McNabb was apparently injured in the third quarter when he was tackled in the end zone after a three - yard touchdown run .
Kevin Kolb played the remainder of the game .
“ Donovan did fracture his rib and we will see how he does , ” Eagles coach Andy Reid told reporters .
Michael Vick , who was signed by the Eagles after serving 23 months in prison for his involvement in a dogfighting ring , is not eligible to play until September 27 against Kansas City .
In the two years since he lost his job as a cook at an MIT fraternity house , Kevin Boudreau has learned the subtle art of how to ask strangers for money .
But now , with winter approaching and an aversion to shelters , the homeless man with the grizzled goatee and skull tattoos covering both arms needs more than spare change .
( Full article : 1071 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
Your money , health records and all your ID in a chip under your skin .
What could go wrong with that ?
" VeriChip ( CHIP ) , the company that markets a microchip implant that links to your online health records , has acquired Steel Vault ( SVUL ) , a credit monitoring and anti-identity theft company .
The combined company will operate under a new name : PositiveID .
" Why just look at these beaming , confident faces :
Oct. 25 , 2009  --
Gene therapy to counteract retinal degeneration from a rare inherited sight disorder improved vision in all patients in which it was tested -- including one child who recovered near normal light sensitivity .
While the 8 - year - old boy was the clearest success story , all the children with a condition known as Leber 's congenital amaurosis treated in the study regained sufficient vision to walk unaided , Dr. Jean Bennett of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia and colleagues reported at the American Academy of Ophthalmology on Saturday .
Younger patients appeared to respond best to the treatment , which involves injecting the eye with genetic material " piggybacked " on a virus , the researchers wrote in a paper released in the medical journal Lancet .
The trial provides hope for one of the most severe forms of inherited retinal degeneration , a disorder that currently has no treatment .
But co-author Dr. Katherine High of Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia cautioned against considering this treatment a cure at this point .
" We do n't know how long it will last , " she said , though noting that the effect has lasted at least 10 years in animals .
Children born with a mutation in one of 13 genes that cause Leber 's congenital amaurosis typically have severe vision deficits from birth that progress to total blindness by age 30 to 50 .
Though the research on the treatment is still in its early phases and the results thus far have been based on only a few treated patients , the findings hold great promise , according to a commentary accompanying the Lancet paper .
Not only were the treatment effects sustained after only a single injection , but the same strategy may be effective in slowing or stopping retinal degeneration from other genetic causes , such as retinitis pigmentosa , wrote Frans Cremers and Rob Collin , both of Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre in Nijmegen , the Netherlands .
" As novel therapeutic strategies are being developed for each of the separate genetic defects , ascertaining and genotyping the corresponding patients will be the real challenge in the coming decade , " they said , noting that even in the industrialized world less than 10 percent of patients know the genetic cause of their inherited blindness .
Gene therapy has already been applied successfully in animal models for eight genetic causes of blindness , including one that has been shown to be the cause of about 6 percent of Leber 's congenital amaurosis cases .
Bennett 's group looked at 12 patients age 8 to 44 with this particular genetic disorder .
The researchers injected the worst eye of each patient with a shot that contained a virus designed to carry DNA into the cells of the retina -- the patch of sensitive tissue on the back wall of the eyeball that contains the nerves that send the impulses to the brain that are interpreted as images .
Over the next two weeks , all the patients reported improved vision in their injected eye in dimly lit settings .
None had serious adverse events from the procedure .
Age was n't a significant factor in how well the subjects responded to the treatment , though improvements in vision did seem to be tied to the amount of remaining retina that was still salvageable .
Since the disease progressively destroys viable photoreceptors -- the cells in the retina that detect light -- the researchers said it may not have been a surprise that patients age 19 and younger had larger visual field recoveries than older patients .
White light sensitivity improved substantially for five of seven patients treated after the testing equipment became available , with benefits only in the treated eyes .
The youngest patients enjoyed the greatest gains in sensitivity , the researchers noted .
Another objective measure of vision improvement -- dilation of the pupil -- improved in the injected eye of all 11 patients tested , whereas the untreated eye showed minimal constriction when exposed to light .
The most notable improvement in pupillary - light - response sensitivity was in the youngest patient .
The 8 - year - old recovered nearly the same light sensitivity seen in a group of control patients without vision problems .
The injected eyes of the patients also seemed to possess improved ability to see in dim light settings , and the treated eyes also appeared to be able to fixate on objects better -- benefits that translated into four children able to navigate an obstacle course on their own after treatment with fewer errors and greater speed .
Six patients overall were reclassified as no longer legally blind after treatment .
" The visual recovery noted in the children confirms the hypothesis that efficacy will be improved if treatment is applied before retinal degeneration has progressed , " Bennett 's group concluded .
In the long - term , the researchers hope to be able to administer genetic therapy as soon as a child is diagnosed with this condtion and thus rescue as much of the retina as possible , High said .
Breast cancers are surrounded by stiffer , more fibrous tissue Scientists have identified an enzyme that is crucial for turning breast tissue into tumours , according to a study published in the journal Cell .
The Institute of Cancer Research says blocking the enzyme lysyl oxidase ( LOX ) reduced the size and frequency of tumours in mice .
They say LOX stiffens collagen , a major component of the supportive tissue in the breast .
A cancer charity said the study added to knowledge about how tumours develop .
The supportive tissue surrounding cancer cells is shaped differently to healthy tissue as well as being stiffer and more fibrous .
These properties have helped doctors to detect breast cancers , but until now scientists have not known what was causing these changes .
' Clear physical change '
The team at the Institute for Cancer Research , using mice , found that LOX caused the collagen to change in a process known as cross-linking , which makes the tissue more fibrous .
The next stage will be to test whether LOX has the same effect in humans but it is likely to be some time before any potential new treatment is developed
Dr Alexis Willett
Breakthrough Breast Cancer
Higher levels of LOX increased the levels of collagen in mammary glands , made the tissue stiffer and correlated with a higher number of tumours invading the breast tissue .
When the team used chemicals or an antibody to block the enzyme , they found collagen in the mammary glands contained fewer cross - links and was less fibrous .
The tissue also contained fewer , smaller tumours and they were less aggressive .
Professor Valerie Weaver of the University of California in San Francisco , who led the team , said : " This study may also help explain why the rate of breast cancer increases dramatically with age - aged tissues are stiffer and contain higher levels of abnormal collagen cross - links .
" I 'm cautiously optimistic .
We still have a lot more work to do , but this is certainly exciting . "
' Key factor '
Dr Janine Erler from the Institute of Cancer Research , said the study showed that stiffening of the breast tissue controlled by enzymes such as LOX was a key factor in cancer development .
These enzymes could be a promising candidate drug target , she added .
" The enzyme triggers a clear physical change in breast tissue and , if we could stop this happening , we expect it would slow the growth of any cancers that did develop and make them easier to eradicate . "
Dr Alexis Willett , head of policy at Breakthrough Breast Cancer , said : " This early stage research in cells and mice increases our understanding of how breast cancers develop and grow and suggests that enzymes such as LOX could be a potential target in the treatment of breast cancer .
" The next stage will be to test whether LOX has the same effect in humans , but it is likely to be some time before any potential new treatment is developed . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Glenn Beck , the popular and outspoken Fox News host , says he wants to go beyond broadcasting his opinions and start rallying his political base  formerly known as his audience  to take action .
To do so , Mr. Beck is styling himself as a political organizer .
In an interview , he said he would promote voter registration drives and sponsor a series of seven conventions across the country featuring what he described as libertarian speakers .
On Saturday he held a festive campaign - style rally in The Villages in Florida , north of Orlando , in which he promoted his recently released book , “ Arguing With Idiots , ” and announced another book to come next August filled with right - leaning policy proposals gathered from the conventions .
Mr. Beck provided few details about his plans for the tour , making it unclear if he truly intends to prod his audience of millions into political action or merely burnish his media brand ahead of a book release .
László Imre Horváth : Shorty ’s Righthand Man
The criminals were not so naïve .
They figured it was only a question of time before the city fell under siege .
They were not wearied middle - class scribblers , attorneys or merchants whose prosperity had made them callous .
No , they were old - school businessmen through and through .
Their instincts , in any event , were working just fine , while it seemed that in everyone around them , these instincts were failing utterly .
– Introducing our latest book from the 12.5 New Fiction Catalogue : Shorty 's Righthand Man by László Imre Horváth , in Thomas Cooper 's translation .
UNITED NATIONS — US drone strikes against suspected terrorists in Afghanistan and Pakistan could be breaking international laws against summary executions , the UN ’s top investigator of such crimes said .
“ The problem with the United States is that it is making an increased use of drones / Predators ( which are ) particularly prominently used now in relation to Pakistan and Afghanistan , ” UN Special Rapporteur on Extrajudicial Executions Philip Alston told a press conference .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ My concern is that drones / Predators are being operated in a framework which may well violate international humanitarian law and international human rights law , ” he said .
US strikes with remote - controlled aircraft against Al - Qaeda and Taliban targets in Afghanistan and northwestern Pakistan have often resulted in civilian deaths and drawn bitter criticism from local populations .
“ The onus is really on the United States government to reveal more about the ways in which it makes sure that arbitrary extrajudicial executions are n’t in fact being carried out through the use of these weapons , ” he added .
Alston said he presented a report on the matter to the UN General Assembly .
He urged the United States to be more forthright about how and when it uses drone aircraft , something about which the US Defense Department and Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) usually keep silent .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We need the United States to be more up front and say , ‘ OK , we ’re willing to discuss some aspects of this program , ’ otherwise you have the really problematic bottom line that the CIA is running a program that is killing significant numbers of people and there is absolutely no accountability in terms of the relevant international laws , ” Alston said .
Since August 2008 , around 70 strikes by unmanned aircraft have killed close to 600 people in northwestern Pakistan .
“ I would like to know the legal basis upon which the United States is operating , in other words … who is running the program , what accountability mechanisms are in place in relation to that , ” Alston said .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Secondly , what precautions the United States is taking to ensure that these weapons are used strictly for purposes consistent with international humanitarian law .
“ Third , what sort of review mechanism is there to evaluate when these weapons have been used ?
Those are the issues I ’d like to see addressed , ” the UN official said .
The Finance Dublin Debt Clock of Ireland
The Republic of Ireland 's current official national debt , in money terms , and as a percentage of national income ( a measure of how much it is leveraged ) :
€ Loading ...
Ireland 's national debt ( NTMA definition - see ' Composition of ' National Debt ' table ) as a percentage of 2019 GDP ( €347.215 bn ) * ( on the left , below ) , and as a percentage of 2019 GNP ( €266.624 bn ) * ( on the right ) :
GDP GNP Loading ... %
Loading ...%
* Source Data for National Income Figures ( 2017 GDP and GNP money values ( Eur ) ) : Central Bank of Ireland Quarterly Bulletin .
No.1 2017 .
The key to a country 's economic recovery and the restoration of financial normalcy is the stabilisation of the National Debt .
The national debt rises if the Government spends more than it takes in , mostly in the form of taxes .
If the Government balances its books , like most households , the national debt stops rising .
The Debt Clock , which rose at a catastrophic rate in the early years of the debt crisis ( 2008 - 2010 ) has now showed to a virtual standstill , and in terms of national income is at a point of inflexion , at which debt as a share of national income has entered on a downwards trajectory .
This is being reflected in upgrades in the ROI 's credit rating , with a restoration of its sovereign investment grade rating in June 2015 for the firs time since the financial crisis ( It was given an A+ ( stable ) rating by Standard & Poors - putting it among the top 33 countries with an A + or higher rating by that agency in June 2015 ) .
This situation is ultimately desirable in all countries , because it means that the Government is in harmony with the households of the country it governs .
If not , the households in that country will ultimately lack economic confidence in that Government , because everyone intuitively knows that the Government will ultimately have to tax the earnings / wealth of those households to make its ends meet .
When such fears prevail beyond the short term , countries ' economies begin to implode because households and companies domiciled in the jurisdiction begin to lose confidence in the economic system of that country , and are economically incentivised to leave it , or at least export their wealth from it , with negative impacts on the economy 's growth and ultimate economic prospects .
Countries which , on the other hand , have surpluses on their Government accounts , as the Republic of Ireland did from the mid 1990s to the mid 2000s , enjoy the confidence of its resident households and enterprises and enjoy superior growth , superior tax revenues , and falling debt - in short , they enjoy a virtuous economic and debt cycle .
As long as a country 's debt as percentage of its GNP and GDP remains on a rising trajectory , its future economic prospects are worsening .
When this Finance Dublin Debt Clock was launched the Irish national debt stood at € 65 bn , and rose catastrophically in the immediate years after that .
The rate of growth slowed dramatically since then on a continued basis , and , not coincidentally , the growth rate of GNP and GDP rose , having been in sharp decline at the immediate outset of the debt crisis .
The return to growth of Ireland in 2013 ( +3.4 % GNP growth ) , followed by a growth rate of over 5 per cent since 2014 indicates that Ireland experienced an earlier than anticipated return to financial stability .
Since then , the growth rate has continued on an accelerating trend .
This was accompanied by a return to bond markets by the Irish sovereign in 2013 , enabling refinancing ( proposed replacement ) of IMF loans at rates as low as zero per cent ( in mid September 2014 , and below 1 p.c. in the first half of 2015 ) .
What underpinned the improved confidence in Irish Government bonds in 2013 - 2015 was the expectation that the debt to GDP ratio curve would peak out earlier than earlier projected beginning a downwards trajectory such as was seen through the course of the 1990s - early 2000s , the true foundation of the ' Celtic Tiger ' period .
Ireland 's national debt still lay on an upwards trajectory in 2015 in money terms , but , in 2016 has slowed to an annual increase of approximately € 500 m a year ( 0.15 % in the first half of 2016 ) .
This reflected funding of a residual Budget deficit , which while budgeted for for 2016 , is set to disappear in 2016 , in light of the publication of revised GNP figures for 2015 on July 12th 2016 .
The FINANCE DUBLIN Irish Government Debt Clock was set at midnight on June 30th 2009 , when it was € 65.278 billion ( The GNP for that year was € 140.3 bn - putting the Debt / GNP ratio then at 44.4 % ) .
The clock is re-set periodically , to reflect changes in debt and deficit estimates from the Dept of Finance , the National Treasury Management Agency ( NTMA ) , and other bodies .
Significance of the Debt ratio :
When leverage approaches 100 per cent of income , economies enter enhanced risk territory because their stability , and ultimate creditworthiness diminishes , because a relatively rapidly rising debt ratio places particularly severe limitations on an economy 's ability to recover fiscal balance , as the experience of Ireland since this debt clock was established ( in 2009 ) , has shown - with debt rising from € 65 billion ( June 2009 ) to the level shown above .
Diary of a Recovery
* July 12th 2016 : CSO revisions issued today to Irish GNP and GDP statistics have resulted in a significant step downward in the Irish debt / national income ratio - the key indicator of the economy 's national debt and Budgetary sustainability .
The national debt as a percentage of GDP fell at a stroke , by 14.6 percentage points to 93.3 % , falling below the national income for the first time since the debt crisis .
GDP , a less relevant indicator of Irish national income , but favoured as an indicator by the EU and OECD , shows the debt ratio falling from 94.0 % to 72.3 % .
* The old figures put estimated 2015 GDP at € 196.565 bn , and 2015 GNP at € 168.278 bn .
The revised figures , published today , are the first official CSO figures for actual national income , and they show 2015 GDP at € 255.815 bn , and 2015 GNP at € 193.986 bn .
The scale of the revisions are remarkable , and unprecedented in national income accounting , but , despite this there can be no grounds for suspecting the methodology of compiling the statistics , which are compiled by the CSO strictly in accordance with OECD and EU national income accounting standards .
Rather they genuinely reflect real economic transactions , explainable by changes in global economic circumstances and expectations .
They are likely to be one off in nature , however the potential for similarly volatile movements in Irish GNP and GDP data in future years going forwards cannot be ruled out on account of the fact that while Ireland 's is a small to medium sized economy in world terms , it is extremely open , and as a corporate location offers a competitive tax regime , particularly to multinational corporations who locate in Ireland for multiple reasons , incuding taxation , the common law jurisdiction , and other favourable business factors .
BREXIT - June 24th 2016 : USD currrency market movements - an indicator of the short term Brexit negative economy impact on the Irish and UK economies
February 1st 2015 : The Irish Exchequer recorded a surplus of € 780.6 bn in January 2015 , compared with a deficit of € 1.142 bn in January 2014 .
While this turnaround does not definitely signify that Ireland 's Government may undershoot its deficit target of c.3 p.c. for 2015 as a whole , the figures prompted the Finance Minister Michael Noonan to say in a statement that the debt ' is now on a downwards trajectory ' .
This combined with early paymwent of over half of the IMP program loans in recent months , and the issuance of a first ever 30 year bond by the Irish State in January at record low interest rates indicates that the Irish debt trajectory is at its zenith , and may shortly begin to fall as a percentage of GDP .
Already , as the Finance Dublin Debt Clock figures on this page show , the debt has effectively stabilised , ending an era of austerity and debt reduction in the Irish economy , which began with the global financial collapse of 2007 - 2008 .
January 13th 2015 : Continuing in the successful vein of Irish prime rated fund raising this year , the Bank of Ireland Group today raised € 750 million of 5 year covered bonds at a yield of 0.5 %
December 31st 2014 :
The debt total is the latest official ' National Debt ' , as defined by the Irish National Treasury Management Agency ( NTMA ) .
It differs from ' Gross Government Debt ' , ( GGD ) a concept generally used by Eurostat , and the EU for expressing debt figures in the EU .
The official National Debt at 31/12/14 stood at € 182.3 bn .
The Gross total was € 197.06 bn but this was offset by cash balances etc of € 14.76bn .
Of the total national debt , € 116.34 was in the form of Government Bonds liabilities .
The outstanding liability value of EU / IMF Programme Funding was € 58.79 bn at December 31st 2014 .
It is this IMF / EU funding that the Irish Finance Ministry and NTMA are concentrating on replacing .
Theoretically , if it were all replaced at Government bond yields prevailing in January 2015 ( in light of the successful experience of re-funding € 4 bn at 0.8 p.c. in the first week of the year ) a potential once off boost to Ireland 's GNP of 10 % to 15 % could be imparted in the medium term ( 2 to 3 years ) .
The above debt figure , as an expression of the public debt burden of the Irish economy ( i.e. its leverage ) is a more accurate measure of its indebtedness , expressed as a ratio of GDP / GNP .
This is because the ' GGD ' figure does not take into account Exchequer financial assets ( including cash balances , sovereign wealth fund assets , and its revenue earning stakes in the domestic Irish banking sector such as equity and bank guarantee income )
( These were estimated by the CSO at € 41 billion at end 2013 in a release on 14th April 2014 ) .
If these further assets were included as assets , the Irish net debt figure would be approximately 9 per cent of GDP lower ( end 2014 ) than the level shown on this page ( approx 90 p.c. ) .
Other , higher , ( gross ) figures , which include private debt , ( nevertheless relatively high in the Republic of Ireland 's case ) usually do not include external assets , while expressions of total private debt , including the financial services sector , are particularly inappropriate as a measure of the Republic of Ireland 's indebtedness , as they account only for foreign liabilities , but not assets , of Ireland 's International Financial Services Centre ( IFSC ) .
Note : Impact of Promissory Note replacement with sovereign debt , announcement February 7th 2013 :
The event is a rescheduling of debt , that , while it impacts the time value of debt obligations in a positive way for the Irish Exchequer ( estimated future interest savings by economic forecasters of between €500 million and € 1 billion per annum , including the NTMA , the agency charged with managing the Irish sovereign debt ) does not affect the nominal , monetary value of debt expressed in the debt clock figures above .
The rescheduled debt proportion of the national debt above currently represents approximately 20 per cent of the total debt , and will fall to c.18 per cent within a year , at the current rate of deficit - fuelled debt accumulation that continues .
September 18th 2014 : GNP figures confirm return of boom conditions in Irish economy , as CSO data show GNP was up 7 % in Q2 2014 year on year compared with Q2 2013
March 2014 : Ireland 's strong GNP growth recovery - Ireland records one of the developed world 's highest GNP growth rates - 3.4 p.c. - in 2013
8th February 2013 : Impact of Promissory Note replacement with sovereign debt
8th January : NTMA raises approximately a quarter of 2013 target funding in Syndicated Tap of 2017 bond , at 3.3 p.c. effectively marking the end of Ireland 's lockout from bond markets
5th December : Reaction to the 2013 Irish Budget from analysts
14 November : Fitch is the first credit rating agency since the IMF bailout to adjust the credit rating outlook for Ireland from " negative " to " stable "
13 November : Bank of Ireland raises € 1bn in covered bond market , in first public bond issue by an Irish institution in 3 years
8 November : Nobel Economics prize winner Pissarides addresses Irish Senate on youth unemployment
16 October : Editorial , Finance Dublin October : The Financial Transactions
Tax fails all the tests
16 October : Ireland opts out of new FTT zone , along with leading nations globally
28 September : Deputy Governor of Irish Central Bank points to research that shows that spending cuts are most effective means of resolving Irish debt problems as Ireland prepares for its 2013 Budget .
26 July : Ireland returns to long term bond market for first time since IMF bailout , raising € 5.23 bn in 5 year and 8 year maturities
( CNN ) -- A Saudi court on Wednesday sentenced a man who caused uproar by bragging about his sex life on television to five years in prison and 1,000 lashes , according to Ministry of Information officials .
Mazen Abdul Jawad talked openly about his sex life on the controversial show .
Mazen Abdul Jawad , a 32 - year - old airline employee and divorced father of four , spoke openly about his sexual escapades , his love of sex and losing his virginity at age 14 .
He made the comments on Lebanese Broadcasting Corporation , which aired the interview a few months ago .
Saudi authorities shut down LBC offices in Jeddah and Riyadh after airing the interview on an episode of its popular show " A Thick Red Line . "
Jawad was arrested shortly after the program aired and charged with violating Saudi Arabia 's crime of publicizing vice .
On the program , Jawad is also shown in his bedroom , where he holds sexual aids up to the camera .
The room is decorated with Mickey Mouse and stuffed bears in sexually suggestive positions .
The cameras gave audiences a glimpse of the room 's nightclub - like chandeliers mixed with seafood - shaped wall sconces , perfume bottles and a book in Arabic , " 101 Questions About Sex , " that Jawad calls his " reference . "
Jawad , wearing a red shirt , explained that he put his phone number and details about his car -- a red Mini Cooper -- on his mobile phone 's Bluetooth .
He says women usually call him to ask if the car is for sale but , he boasts , " some go out with me that same night . "
The episode ended with him cruising the streets of Jeddah in his car looking for women .
The show that aired Jawad 's story is as popular as it is controversial in the Middle East .
It tackles taboos sometimes never discussed in public .
In one instance , a guest admitted he put up his children for sale and tried to justify why he continued to look for the highest bidder even though his kids were begging him to change his mind .
Most guests wear sunglasses , wigs and strange clothing to disguise their identities as their lives can be endangered for talking about such taboo subjects .
Surprisingly , Jawad did not disguise his identity on the program .
Watch report on the uproar over the broadcast »
The episode caused an uproar in deeply conservative Saudi Arabia , where sharia , or Islamic law , is practiced .
Pre-marital sex is illegal , and unrelated men and women are not permitted to mingle .
The segment in question has been posted on the video - sharing site YouTube since its initial broadcast last month , and has been viewed hundreds of thousands of times .
Speaking about promiscuous acts " is a violation of the sharia regulations on the one hand and against Saudi customs on the other , " police spokesman Suleiman Al - Mutawae told Arab News , an English - language daily newspaper in Saudi Arabia .
Before Jawad 's detention , Arab News reported that he initiated a damage - control campaign , apologized for his comments and was considering filing a complaint against the show 's producers for presenting him " in the worst possible manner by taking two hours of footage and condensing it down to a minutes - long segment . "
Jawad 's lawyer could not be reached for comment .
The ministry officials spoke to CNN on the condition of anonymity .
He said : " As expected , McDonald 's cluster at the population centres and hug the highway grid .
East of the Mississippi , there 's wall - to - wall coverage , except for a handful of meagre gaps centred on the Adirondacks , inland Maine , the Everglades , and outlying West Virginia . "
The Enochian Keys are given in the original Enochian Language ( transliterated into English ) , Aleister Crowley ’s Phonetic version , and a Modern English Translation , based on John Dee ’s Old English versions .
The Enochian Keys were received through Edward Kelley , circa 1584 , in Krakow , Poland .
The Keys comprise 48 poetic verses , which John Dee called Claves Angelicae , or Angelic Keys .
The Enochian Keys correspond to various functions within the Enochian Magic system .
John
Dee intended to use the Enochian Keys to “ open the 49 Gates of Wisdom / Understanding ” represented by the 49 magic squares in Liber Loagaeth .
Dee wrote : “ I am therefore to instruct and inform you , according to your Doctrine delivered , which is contained in 49 Tables .
In 49 voices , or callings : which are the Natural Keys to open those , not 49 but 48 ( for one is not to be opened ) Gates of Understanding , whereby you shall have knowledge to move every Gate … ”
And : “ But you shall understand that these 19 Calls are the Calls , or entrances into the knowledge of the mystical Tables .
Every
Table containing one whole leaf , whereunto you need no other circumstances . ”
Pronunciation for the Phonetic version of the Enochian Keys
This phonetic guide to the pronunciation of the Enochian Keys is based on that given by Aleister Crowley , who derived his knowledge of the Keys from the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn .
All letters are sounded as in English with these exceptions :
A ah as in “ fAther ”
C k as in “ Cake ”
E eh as in “ grEy ”
I ee as in “ fEEt ”
O long o as in “ smOke ”
Q k as in “ Qabalah ”
U long u as in “ fOOl ”
The First Enochian Key
Ol sonf vorsg , goho Iad balt , lansh calz vonpho : sobra z - ol ror i ta Nazpad Graa ta Malprg Ds hol -q Qaa nothoa zimz
Od commah ta nobloh zien : Soba thil gnonp prge aldi
Od vrbs oboleh grsam Casarm ohorela caba pir Od zonrensg cab erm Iadnah Pilah farzm zurza adna
Ds gono Iadpil Ds hom Od toh Soba Ipam lu Ipamis
Ds loholo vep zomd Poamal Od bogpa aai ta piap piamo - i od vaoan ZACARe c-a od ZAMRAM Odo cicle Qaa Zorge , Lap zirdo Noco MAD Hoath Iaida .
Phonetic Translation
Ol sonuf vaoresaji , gohu IAD Balata , elanusaha caelazod : sobrazod - ol Roray i ta nazodapesad , Giraa ta maelpereji , das hoel - qo qaa notahoa zodimezod , od comemahe ta nobeloha zodien ; soba tahil ginonupe pereje aladi , das vaurebes obolehe giresam .
Causarem ohorela caba Pire : das zodonurenusagi cab : erem Iadanahe .
Pilahe farezodem zodenurezoda adana gono Iadapiel das home - tohe : soba ipame lu ipamis : das sobolo vepe zodomeda poamal , od bogira aai ta piape Piamoel od Vaoan !
Zodacare , eca , od zodameranu !
odo cicale Qaa ; zodoreje , lape zodiredo Noco Mada , Hoathahe I A I D A !
Modern English Translation
I reign over you , says the God of Justice , in power exalted above the firmaments of wrath : in whose hands the Sun is as a sword and the Moon as a through thrusting fire : which measures your garments in the midst of my vestures , and trussed you together as the palms of my hands : whose seats I garnished with the fire of gathering , and beautified your garments with admiration .
To whom I made a law to govern the holy ones and delivered you a rod with the ark of knowledge .
Moreover you lifted up your voices and swore obedience and faith to him that lives and triumphs , whose beginning is not , nor end can not be , which shines as a flame in the midst of your palace , and reigns amongst you as the balance of righteousness and truth .
Move , therefore , and show yourselves : open the Mysteries of your Creation :
Be friendly unto me : for I am the servant of the same your God , the true worshipper of the Highest .
The Second Enochian Key
Adgt v-pa-ah zongom fa-a - ip Sald vi-i-v L sobam I - al - prg I - za - zaz pi-adph cas -arma abramg ta talho paracleda Q - ta lors - l -q turbs ooge Baltch Giui chis lusd orri
Od mi-calp chis bia ozongon Lap noan trof cors tage o-q manin Ia - i - don Torzu gohel ZACAR ca c-no- qod , ZAMRAN micalzo
Od ozazm vrelp Lap zir Ioiad .
Phonetic Translation
Adagita vau - pa - ahe zodonugonu fa -a -ipe salada !
Vi-i-vau el !
Sobame ial - pereji i- zoda - zodazod pi-adapehe casarema aberameji ta ta - labo paracaleda qo-ta lores - el - qo turebesa ooge balatohe !
Giui cahisa lusada oreri od micalapape cahisa bia ozodonugonu !
lape noanu tarofe coresa tage o-quo maninu IA - I - DON .
Torezodu !
gohe -el , zodacare eca ca-no - quoda !
zodameranu micalazodo od ozodazodame vaurelar ; lape zodir IOIAD !
Adagita vau - pa - ahe zodonugonu fa -a -ipe salada !
Vi-i-vau el !
Sobame ial - pereji i- zoda - zodazod pi-adapehe casarema aberameji ta ta - labo paracaleda qo-ta lores - el - qo turebesa ooge balatohe !
Giui cahisa lusada oreri od micalapape cahisa bia ozodonugonu !
lape noanu tarofe coresa tage o-quo maninu IA - I - DON .
Torezodu !
gohe -el , zodacare eca ca-no - quoda !
zodameranu micalazodo od ozodazodame vaurelar ; lape zodir IOIAD !
Modern English Translation
Can the wings of the winds understand your voices of wonder , O you the second of the first , whom the burning flames have framed within the depth of my Jaws ; whom I have prepared as Cups for a Wedding , or as the flowers in their beauty for the Chamber of righteousness .
Stronger are your feet than the barren stone , and mightier are your voices than the manifold winds .
For you are become a building such as is not , but in the mind of the All Powerful .
Arise , says the First : Move therefore unto his Servants :
Show yourselves in power :
And make me a strong seething : for I am of him that lives for ever .
The Third Enochian Key
Micma goho Piad zir com-selh a zien biab Os Lon-doh Norz Chis othil Gigipah vnd -l chis ta - pu - im Q mos-pleh teloch Qui- i-n toltorg chis i chis ge m ozien dst brgda od torzul i li F ol balzarg , od aala Thiln
Os ne ta ab dluga vomsarg lonsa cap - mi - ali vors cla homil cocasb fafen izizop od mi i noag de gnetaab vaun na - na-e -el panpir Malpirgi caosg Pild noan vnalah balt od vooan do o-i-ap MAD Goholor gohus amiran Micma Iehusoz ca- ca - com od do - o - a - in noar mi-ca - olz a - ai - om Casarmg gohia ZACAR vniglag od Im - ua - mar pugo plapli ananael Q a an .
Phonetic Translation
Micama ! goho Pe - IAD !
zodir com-selahe azodien biabe os - lon - dohe .
Norezoda cahisa otahila Gigipahe ; vaunudel - cahisa ta - pu-ime qo-mos - pelehe telocahe ; qui-i-inu toltoregi cahisa i cahisaji em ozodien ; dasata beregida od toreodul !
Ili e-Ol balazodareji , od aala tahilanu - os netaabe : daluga vaomesareji elonusa cape - mi- ali vaoresa CALA homila ; cocasabe fafenu izodizodope , od miinoagi de ginetaabe : vaunu na - na-e - el : panupire malapireji caosaji .
Pilada noanu vaunalahe balata od - vaoan .
Do -o -i-ape mada : goholore , gohus , amiranu !
Micama !
Yehusozod ca-ca - com , od do - o - a - inu noari micaolazoda a - ai - om .
Casarameji gohia : Zodacare !
Vaunigilaji ! od im - ua - mar pugo pelapeli Ananael Qo-a-an .
Modern English Translation
Behold , says your god , I am a Circle on whose hands stand 12 Kingdoms : Six are the seats of Living Breath : the rest are as sharp sickles or the horns of death , wherein the Creatures of your earth are to are not , except mine own hand which sleep and shall rise .
In the first I made you Stewards and placed you in 12 seats of government .
giving unto every one of you power successively over 456 , the true ages of time : to the intent that from your highest vessels and the corners of your governments you might work my power , pouring down the fires of life and increase continually on the earth :
Thus you are become the skirts of Justice and Truth .
In the Name of the same your God , lift up , I say , your selves .
Behold his mercies flourish and Name is become mighty amongst us .
In whom we say : Move , Descend , and apply yourselves unto us , as unto the partakers of the Secret Wisdom of your Creation .
The Fourth Enochian Key
Othil lasdi babge od dorpha Gohol G chis ge auauago cormp pd dsonf vi v-di-v Casarmi oali Map m Sobam ag cormpo c-rp-l Casarmg cro od zi chis od vgeg dst ca pi mali chis ca pi ma on Ionshin chis ta lo Cla Torgu Nor quasahi od F caosaga Bagle zi re nai ad Dsi od Apila Do o a ip Q - a-al ZACAR od ZAMRAN Obelisong rest-el aaf Nor-mo-lap .
Phonetic Translation
Otahil elasadi babaje , od dorepaha gohol : gi-cahisaje auauago coremepe peda , dasonuf vi-vau - di-vau ?
Casaremi oeli MEAPEME sobame agi coremepo carep - el : casaremeji caro - o - dazodi cahisa od vaugeji ; dasata ca- pi-mali cahisa ca- pi - ma - on : od elonusahinu cahisa ta el - o CALAA .
Torezodu nor -quasahi od fe-caosaga : Bagile zodir e-na -IAD : das iod apila !
Do -o - a-ipe quo-A - AL , zodacare !
Zodameranu obelisonugi resat-el aaf nor - mo - lapi !
Modern English Translation
I have set my feet in the south and have looked about me , saying , are not the Thunders of increase numbered 33 which reign in the Second Angle ?
under whom I have placed 9639 whom none hath yet numbered but one , in whom the second beginning of things are and wax strong , which also successively are the number of time : and their powers are as the first 456 .
Arise , you Sons of pleasure , and visit the earth : for I am the Lord your God which is , and liveth .
In the name of the Creator , Move and show yourselves as pleasant deliverers , That you may praise him amongst the sons of men .
The Fifth Enochian Key
Sa pah zimii du-i-v od noas ta - qu - a - nis adroch dorphal Ca osg od faonts peripsol tablior Casarm amipzi na zarth af od dlugar zizop z - lida caosagi tol torg od z - chis e si asch L ta vi u od iaod thild ds peral hubar
Pe o al soba cormfa chis ta la vis od Q - co- casb Ca nils od Darbs Q a as Feth - ar - zi od bliora ia - ial ed nas cicles Bagle Ge iad i L .
Phonetic Translation
Sapahe zodimii du-i-be , od noasa ta qu-a - nis , adarocahe dorepehal caosagi od faonutas peripeso ta - be-liore .
Casareme A - me-ipezodi na-zodaretahe AFA ; od dalugare zodizodope zodelida caosaji tol - toregi ; od zod - cahisa esiasacahe El ta - vi-vau ; od iao -d tahilada das hubare PE - O - AL ; soba coremefa cahisa ta Ela Vaulasa od Quo-Co-Casabe .
Eca niisa od darebesa quo-a-asa : fetahe - ar - ezodi od beliora : ia-ial eda-nasa cicalesa ; bagile Ge-iad I -el !
Modern English Translation
The mighty sounds have entered in your 3rd Angle and are become as olives in your olive mount , looking with gladness upon the earth and dwelling in the brightness of the heavens as continual comforters .
Unto whom I fastened pillars of gladness 19 and gave them vessels to water the earth with her creatures : and they are the brothers of the first and second and the beginning of their own seats which are garnished with continually burning lamps 69636 whose numbers are as the first , the ends , and your contents of time .
Therefore come you and obey your creation : visit us in peace and comfort : Conclude us as receivers of your mysteries : for why ?
Our Lord and Mr is all One .
The Sixth Enochian Key
Gah s di u chis em micalzo pil zin sobam
El harg mir babalon od obloc samvelg dlugar malprg arcaosgi od Acam canal so bol zar f - bliard caosgi od chis a ne tab od miam ta vi v od d Darsar sol peth bi en B ri ta od zacam g mi calzo sob ha hath trian
Lu ia he odecrin MAD Q a a on .
Phonetic Translation
Gahe sa-div cahisa EM , micalazoda Pil- zodinu , sobam
El haraji mir babalonu od obeloce samevelaji , dalagare malapereji ar - caosaji od ACAME canale , sobola zodare fabeliareda caosaji od cahisa aneta - na miame ta Viv od Da. Daresare Sol - petahe - bienu Be- ri - ta od zodacame ji-micalazodo : sob - ha - atahe tarianu luia - he od ecarinu MADA Qu-a - a-on !
Modern English Translation
The spirits of your 4th Angle are Nine , Mighty in the firmament of waters : whom the first has planted a torment to the wicked and a garland to the righteous : giving unto them fiery darts to winnow the earth and 7699 continual Workmen whose courses visit with comfort the earth and are in government and continuance as the second and the third .
Wherefore hearken unto my voice : I have talked of you and I move you in power and presence : whose Works shall be a song of honour and the praise of your God in your Creation .
The Seventh Enochian Key
R a as isalman para di zod oe cri ni aao ial purgah qui in enay butmon od in oas ni para dial casarmg vgear chirlan od zonac
Lu cif tian cors to vaul zirn tol ha mi Soba Londoh od miam chis tad o des vmadea od pibliar Othil rit od miam C no quol Rit ZACAR , ZAMRAN oecrimi Q a dah od o mi ca olz aaiom Bagle pap nor id lugam lonshi od vmplif vgegi Bigliad .
Phonetic Translation
Ra-asa isalamanu para - di- zoda oe - cari-mi aao iala - piregahe Qui-inu .
Enai butamonu od inoasa NI pa-ra - diala .
Casaremeji ujeare cahirelanu , od zodonace lucifatianu , caresa ta vavale - zodirenu tol - hami .
Soba lonudohe od nuame cahisa ta Da o Desa vo -ma - dea od pi-beliare itahila rita od miame ca-ni-quola rita !
Zodacare !
Zodameranu !
Iecarimi Quo - a - dahe od I - mica - ol - zododa aaiome .
Bajireje papenore idalugama elonusahi–od umapelifa vau - ge - ji Bijil–IAD !
Modern English Translation
The East is a house of virgins singing praises amongst the flames of first glory wherein the Lord hath opened his mouth : and they are become 28 living dwellings in whom the strength of man rejoices , and they are apparelled with ornaments of brightness such as work wonders on all creatures .
Whose Kingdoms and continuance are as the Third and Fourth Strong Towers and places of comfort , The seats of Mercy and Continuance .
O you Servants of Mercy : Move , Appear : sing praises unto the Creator and be mighty amongst us .
For to this remembrance is given power and our strength waxes strong in our Comforter .
The Eighth Enochian Key
Bazmelo i ta pi ripson oln
Na za vabh ox casarmg vran Chis vgeg dsa bramig bal to ha goho i ad solamian trian ta lol cis A ba i uo nin od a zi agi er rior
Ir gil chis da ds pa a ox bufd Caosgo ds chis odi puran teloah cacrg isalman loncho od Vouina carbaf Niiso Bagle auauaga gohon Niiso bagle momao siaion od mabza Iad o i as mo mar poilp Niis ZAMRAN ci a o fi caosgo od bliors od corsi ta a bra mig .
Phonetic Translation
Bazodemelo i ta pi-ripesonu olanu Na-zodavabebe OX .
Casaremeji varanu cahisa vaugeji asa berameji balatoha : goho IAD .
Soba miame tarianu ta Iolacis Abaivoninu od azodiajiere riore .
Irejila cahisa da das pa-aox busada Caosago , das cahisa od ipuranu telocahe cacureji oisalamahe lonucaho od Vovina carebafe ?
NIISO ! bagile avavago hohon .
NIISO !
bagile momao siaionu , od mabezoda IAD oi asa -momare poilape .
NIIASA !
Zodameranu ciaosi caosago od belioresa od coresi ta a beramiji .
Modern English Translation
The Midday , the first , is as the third heaven made of Hyacinth Pillars 26 : in whom the Elders are become strong which I have prepared for my own righteousness says the Lord : whose long continuance shall be as bucklers to the stooping Dragon and like unto the harvest of a Widow .
How many are there which remain in the glory of the earth , which are , and shall not see death , until this house fall and the Dragon sink ?
Come away , for the Thunders have spoken : Come away , for the Crowns of the Temple and the coat of him that is , was , and shall be crowned , are divided .
Come , appear to the terror of the earth and to our comfort and of such as are prepared .
The Ninth Enochian Key
Mica oli bransg prgel napta ialpor ds brin efafafe P vonpho o l a ni od obza Sobca v pa ah chis tatan od tra nan balye a lar lusda so boln od chis hol q C no quo di cial v nal aldon mom caosgo ta las ollor gnay limlal Amma chiis Sobca madrid z chis ooanoan chiis auiny dril pi caosgin od od butmoni parm zum vi C nila Daziz e thamz a -childao od mirc ozol chis pi di a i Collal Vl ci nin a sobam v cim Bagle Iab baltoh chirlan par Niiso od ip ofafafe Bagle acosasb icorsca unig blior .
Phonetic Translation
Micaoli beranusaji perejala napeta ialapore , das barinu efafaje PE vaunupeho olani od obezoda , soba - ca upaahe cahisa tatanu od tarananu balie , alare busada so - bolunu od cahisa hoel - qo ca-no - quodi CIAL .
Vaunesa aladonu mom caosago ta iasa olalore ginai limelala .
Amema cahisa sobra madarida zod cahisa !
Ooa moanu cahisa avini darilapi caosajinu : od butamoni pareme zodumebi canilu .
Dazodisa etahamezoda cahisa dao , od mireka ozodola cahisa pidiai Colalala .
Ul ci ninu a sabame ucime .
Bajile ?
IAD BALATOHE cahirelanu pare !
NIISO !
od upe ofafafe ; bajile a - cocasahe icoresaka a uniji beliore .
Modern English Translation
A mighty guard of fire with two edged swords flaming , which have Vials 8 of Wrath for two times and a half : whose wings are of wormwood and of the marrow of salt , have settled their feet in the West and are measured with their Ministers 9996 .
These gather up the moss of the earth as the rich man doth his treasure : cursed are they whose iniquities they are in their eyes are millstones greater then the earth , and from their mouths run seas of blood : their heads are covered with diamond , and upon their heads are marble sleeves .
Happy is he on whom they frown not .
For why ?
The God of righteousness rejoices in them !
Come away , and not your Vials , for the time is such as requires comfort .
The Tenth Enochian Key
Coraxo chis cormp od blans Liucal aziazor paeb soba lilonon chis virq op eophan od salbrox cynixir faboan U nal chis Coust ds saox co casg ol oanio yor eors vohim gizyax od math cocasg plo si molui ds pa ge ip larag om droln matorb cocasb emna L patralx yolci math nomig momons olora gnay angelard Ohio ohio ohio ohio ohio ohio noib ohio caosgon Bagle madrid i zirop chiso drilpa Niiso crip ip nidali .
Phonetic Translation
Coraxo cahisa coremepe , od belanusa Lucala azodia - zodore paebe Soba iisononu cahisa uirequo OPE copehanu od racalire maasi bajile caosagi ; das yalaponu dosiji od basajime ; od ox ex dazodisa siatarisa od salaberoxa cynuxire faboanu .
Vaunala cahisa conusata das DAOX cocasa ol Oanio yore vohima ol jizodyzoda od eoresa cocasaji pelosi molui das pajeipe , laraji same darolanu matorebe cocasaji emena .
El pataralaxa yolaci matabe nomiji mononusa olora jinayo anujelareda .
Ohyo! ohyo! ohyo! ohyo! ohyo! ohyo! noibe Ohyo ! caosagonu !
Bajile madarida i zodirope cahiso darisapa !
NIISO ! caripe ipe nidali !
Modern English Translation
The Thunders of Judgment and Wrath are numbered and are harboured in the North in the likeness of an oak , whose branches are Nests 22 of Lamentation and Weeping laid up for the earth , which burn night and day : and vomit out the heads of scorpions and live sulphur mingled with poison .
These are the Thunders that 5678 times in ye 24th part of a moment roar , with a hundred mighty earthquakes and a thousand times as many surges , which rest not nor know any echoing time between .
One rock brings forth 1000 , even as the heart of man does his thoughts .
Wo , Wo , Wo , Wo , Wo , Wo , yea Wo be to the earth !
For her iniquity is , was and shall be great !
Come away : but not your noises .
The Eleventh Enochian Key
Ox i ay al holdo od zirom O Coraxo ds zddar ra asy od vab zir comliax od ba hal Niiso salman teloch Casar man holq od ti ta z - chis soba cormf i ga Niisa Bagle abramg noncp ZACARe ca od ZAMRAN odo cicle qaa Zorge lap zirdo noco Mad Hoath Iaida .
Phonetic Translation
Oxiayala holado , od zodirome O coraxo das zodiladare raasyo .
Od vabezodire cameliaxa od bahala : NIISO !
salamanu telocahe !
Casaremanu hoel - qo , od ti ta zod cahisa soba coremefa i ga .
NIISA ! bagile aberameji nonucape .
Zodacare eca od Zodameranu !
odo cicale Qaa !
Zodoreje , lape zodiredo Noco Mada , hoathahe I A I D A !
Modern English Translation
The Mighty Seat groaned and they were 5 thunders which flew into the East : and the Eagle spoke and cried with a loud voice , Come away : and they gathered themselves together and became the house of death of whom it is measured and it is as they are , whose number is 31 .
Come away , for I have prepared for you .
Move therefore , and show yourselves : open the Mysteries of your Creation : be friendly unto me : for I am the servant of the same your God , the true worshipper of the Highest .
The Twelfth Enochian Key
Nonci dsonf
Babage od chis ob hubaio tibibp allar atraah od ef drix fafen Mian ar E nay ovof soba do o a in aai i VONPH ZACAR gohus od ZAMRAM odo cicle Qaa Zorge , lap zirdo noco MAD Hoath Iaida .
Phonetic Translation
Nonuci dasonuf Babaje od cahisa OB hubaio tibibipe : alalare ataraahe od ef !
Darix fafenu MIANU ar Enayo ovof !
Soba dooainu aai i VONUPEHE .
Zodacare , gohusa , od Zodameranu .
Odo cicale Qaa !
Zodoreje , lape zodiredo Noco Mada , hoathahe I A I D A !
Modern English Translation
O you that reign in the South and are 28 , The Lanterns of Sorrow , bind up your girdles and visit us .
Bring down your train 3663 that the Lord may be magnified , whose name amongst you is Wrath .
Move , I say , and show yourselves : open ye Mysteries of your Creation : be friendly unto me : for I am the servant of the same your God , the true worshipper of the Highest .
The Thirteenth Enochian Key
Napeai Babgen ds brin vx ooaona lring vonph doalim eolis ollog orsba ds chis affa Micma isro MAD od Lonshitox ds ivmd aai GROSB ZACAR od ZAMRAN , odo cicle Qaa , zorge , lap zirdo noco MAD Hoath Iaida .
Phonetic Translation
Napeai Babajehe das berinu VAX ooaona larinuji vonupehe doalime : conisa olalogi oresaha das cahisa afefa .
Micama isaro Mada od Lonu - sahi - toxa , das ivaumeda aai Jirosabe .
Zodacare od Zodameranu .
Odo cicale Qaa !
Zodoreje , lape zodiredo Noco Mada , hoathahe I A I D A .
Modern English Translation
O you swords of the South which have 42 eyes to stir up the wrath of sin , making men drunken which are empty .
Behold the promise of God and his power which is called amongst you a Bitter Sting .
Move and show yourselves : open the Mysteries of your Creation : be friendly unto me : for I am the servant of the same your God , the true worshipper of the Highest .
The Fourteenth Enochian Key
Noromi bagie pasbs oiad ds trint mirc ol thil dods tolham caosgo
Ho min ds brin oroch Quar Micma bial oiad a is ro tox dsi vm aai Baltim ZACAR od ZAMRAN odo cicle Qaa , zorge , lap zirdo noco MAD , hoath Iaida .
Phonetic Translation
Noroni bajihie pasahasa Oiada ! das tarinuta mireca OL tahila dodasa tolahame caosago Homida : das berinu orocahe QUARE : Micama !
Bial ’ Oiad ; aisaro toxa das ivame aai Balatima .
Zodacare od Zodameranu !
Odo cicale Qaa !
Zodoreje , lape zodiredo Noco Mada , hoathahe I A I D A .
Modern English Translation
O you sons of fury , the daughters of the lust , which sit upon 24 seats , vexing all creatures of the earth with age , which have under you 1636 : behold the Voice of God , the promise of him which is called amongst you Fire or Extreme Justice .
Move and show yourselves : open the Mysteries of your Creation : be friendly unto me : for I am the servant of the same your God , the true worshipper of the Highest .
The Fifteenth Enochian Key
Ils tabaan li al prt casarman Vpahi chis darg dso ado caosgi orscor ds omax nonasci Baeouib od emetgis iaiadix ZACAR od ZAMRAN , odo cicle Qaa , zorge , lap zirdo noco MAD , hoath Iaida .
Phonetic Translation
Hasa !
tabaanu li-El pereta , casaremanu upaahi cahisa DAREJI ; das oado caosaji oresacore : das omaxa monasaci Baeouibe od emetajisa Iaiadix .
Zodacare od Zodameranu !
Odo cicale Qaa .
Zodoreje , lape zodiredo Noco Mada , hoathahe I A I D A .
Modern English Translation
O you the governor of the first flame under whose wings are 6739 which weave the earth with dryness : which knows the great name Righteousness and the Seal of Honour .
Move and show yorselves : open the Mysteries of your Creation : be friendly unto me : for I am the servant of the same your God , the true worshipper of the Highest .
The Sixteenth Enochian Key
Ils viuialprt salman blat ds acro odzi busd od bliorax balit dsin - si caosg lusdan Emod dsom od tli- ob drilpa geh uls MAD zilodarp ZACAR od ZAMRAN odo cicle Qaa , zorge , lap zirdo noco MAD , hoath Iaida .
Phonetic Translation
Ilasa viviala pereta !
Salamanu balata , das acaro odazodi busada , od belioraxa balita : das inusi caosaji lusadanu EMODA : das ome od taliobe : darilapa iehe ilasa Mada Zodilodarepe .
Zodacare od Zodameranu .
Odo cicale Qaa : zodoreje , lape zodiredo Noco Mada , hoathahe I A I D A .
Modern English Translation
O you second flame , the house of Justice , which has your beginning in glory and shall comfort the just : which walks on the earth with feet 8763 that understand and separate creatures : great are you in the God of Stretch Forth and Conquer .
Move and show yourselves : open the Mysteries of your Creation : be friendly unto me : for I am the servant of the same your God , the true worshipper of the Highest .
The Seventeenth Enochian Key
Ils do alprt soba vpa ah chis manba zixlay dodshi od brint
Taxs hubaro tas tax ylsi , so bai ad I von po vnph Aldon dax il od toatar ZACAR od ZAMRAN odo cicle Qaa zorge lap zirdo Noco MAD hoath Iaida .
Phonetic Translation
Ilasa dial pereta !
soba vaupaahe cahisa nanuba zodixalayo dodasihe od berinuta FAXISA hubaro tasataxa yolasa : soba Iad I Vonupehe o Uonupehe : aladonu dax ila od toatare !
Zodacare od Zodameranu !
Odo cicale Qaa !
Zodoreje , lape zodiredo Noco Mada , hoathahe I A I D A .
Modern English Translation
O you third flame whose wings are thorns to stir up vexation and hast 7336 Lamps Living going before you , whose God is Wrath in Anger , gird up your loins and hearken .
Move and show yourselves : open the Mysteries of your Creation : be friendly unto me : for I am the servant of the same your God , the true worshipper of the Highest .
The Eighteenth Enochian Key
Ils Micail - z olprit ial prg Bliors ds odo Cusdir oiad o uo ars caosgo Ca sar mg La iad eran brints cafafam ds iumd a q lo a do hi MOZ od ma of fas Bolp comobliort pambt ZACAR od ZAMRAN odo cicle Qaa zorge lap zirdo Noco MAD , hoath Iaida .
Phonetic Translation
Ilasa micalazoda olapireta ialpereji beliore : das odo Busadire Oiad ouoaresa caosago : casaremeji Laiada ERANU berinutasa cafafame das ivemeda aqoso adoho Moz , od maoffasa .
Bolape como belioreta pamebeta .
Zodacare od Zodameranu !
Odo cicale Qaa .
Zodoreje , lape zodiredo Noco Mada , hoathahe I A I D A .
Modern English Translation
O you mighty Light and burning flame of comfort which opens the glory of God to the centre of the earth , in whom the Secrets of Truth 6332 have their abiding , which is called in thy kingdom Joy and not to be measured : be you a window of comfort unto me .
Move and show yourselves : open the Mysteries of your Creation : be friendly unto me : for I am the servant of the same your God , the true worshipper of the Highest .
The Call or Key of the Thirty Aethyrs
The Thirty Names of the Aethyrs
1. LIL 6 . MAZ 11 .
ICH 16 .
LEA 21 .
ASP 26 .
DES
2. ARN 7 . DEO 12 .
LOE 17 .
TAN 22 .
LIN 27 .
ZAA
3. ZOM 8 . ZID 13 .
ZIM 18 .
ZEN 23 .
TOR 28 .
BAG
4. PAZ 9 . ZIP 14 .
VTA 19 .
POP 24 .
NIA 29 .
RII
5. LAT 10 .
ZAX 15 .
OXO 20 .
CHR 25 .
VTI 30 .
TEX
Madriax ds praf { Name of Aether , e.g. LIL} chis Micaolz saanir caosgo od fisis bal zizras Iaida nonca gohulim Micma adoian MAD I a od Bliorb sa ba ooaona chis Luciftias peripsol ds abraassa noncf netaa ib caosgi od tilb adphaht dam ploz tooat noncf gmi calzoma L rasd tofglo marb yarry I DOI GO od tor zulp ia o daf gohol caosga ta ba ord saanir od christeos yr poil ti ob l Bus dir tilb noaln pa id orsba od dodrmni zylna
El zap tilb parm gi pe rip sax od ta qurlst bo o a pi S L nib m ov cho symp od Christeos Ag tol torn mirc q ti ob l Lel , Tom paombd dilzmo aspian , Od christeos Ag L tor torn parach a symp , Cord ziz dod pal od fifalz L s mnad od fargt bams omaoas Conisbra od auauox tonug
Ors cat bl noasmi tab ges Leuith mong vnchi omp tilb ors .
Bagle
Mo o o ah ol cord ziz L ca pi ma o ix o maxip od ca co casb gsaa Baglen pi i tianta a ba ba lond od faorgt teloc vo v im Ma dri iax tirzu o adriax oro cha aboapri Tabaori priaz ar ta bas .
A dr pan cor sta dobix
Yol cam pri a zi ar coazior .
Od quasb q ting Ripir pa a oxt sa ga cor .
vm l od prd zar ca crg A oi ve a e cormpt TORZV ZACAR od ZAMRAN aspt sibsi but mona ds surzas tia baltan ODO cicle Qaa Od Ozama plapli Iad na mad .
Phonetic Translation
Madariatza das perifa { Name of Aether , e.g. LIL} cahisa micaolazoda saanire caosago od fifisa balzodizodarasa Iaida .
Nonuca gohulime : Micama odoianu MADA faoda beliorebe , soba ooaona cahisa luciftias peripesol , das aberaasasa nonucafe netaaibe caosaji od tilabe adapehaheta damepelozoda , tooata nonucafe jimicalazodoma larasada tofejilo marebe yareryo IDOIGO ; od torezodulape yaodafe gohola , Caosaga , tabaoreda saanire , od caharisateosa yorepoila tiobela busadire , tilabe noalanu paida oresaba , od dodaremeni zodayolana .
Elazodape tilaba paremeji peripesatza , od ta qurelesata booapisa .
Lanibame oucaho sayomepe , od caharisateosa ajitoltorenu , mireca qo tiobela Iela .
Tonu paomebeda dizodalamo asa pianu , od caharisateosa aji - latore - torenu paracahe a sayomepe .
Coredazodizoda dodapala od fifalazoda , lasa manada , od faregita bamesa omaoasa .
Conisabera od auauotza tonuji oresa ; catabela noasami tabejesa leuitahemonuji .
Vanucahi omepetilabe oresa !
Bagile ?
Moooabe OL coredazodizoda .
El capimao itzomatzipe , od cacocasabe gosaa .
Bajilenu pii tianuta a babalanuda , od faoregita teloca uo uime .
Madariiatza , torezodu !!!
Oadariatza orocaha aboaperi !
Tabaori periazoda aretabasa !
Adarepanu coresata dobitza !
Yolacame periazodi arecoazodiore , od quasabe qotinuji !
Ripire paaotzata sagacore !
Umela od perdazodare cacareji Aoiveae coremepeta !
Torezodu !
Zodacare od Zodameranu , asapeta sibesi butamona das surezodasa Tia balatanu .
Odo cicale Qaa , od Ozodazodame pelapeli IADANAMADA !
Modern English Translation
O you heavens which dwell in the { Number of Aether , eg First Ayre} , the mighty in the parts of the Earth , and execute the Judgment of the Highest !
To you it is said , Behold the face of your God , the beginning of comfort , whose eyes are the brightness of the heavens : which provided you for the government of the Earth and her unspeakable variety , furnishing you with a powerful understanding to dispose all things according to the providence of Him that sits on the Holy Throne , and rose up in the beginning , saying : the Earth let her be governed by her parts and let there be division in her , that the glory of her may be always drunken and vexed in itself .
Her course , let it run with the heavens , and as a handmaid let her serve them .
One season let it confound another , and let there be no creature upon or within her the same : all her members let them differ in their qualities , and let there be no one creature equal with another : the reasonable Creatures of the Earth let them vex and weed out one another , and the dwelling places let them forget their names : the work of man , and his pomp , let them be defaced : his buildings let them become caves for the beasts of the field .
Confound her understanding with darkness .
For why ?
It repents me I made Man .
One while let her be known and another while a stranger : because she is the bed of a Harlot , and the dwelling place of Him that is Fallen .
O you heavens arise : the lower heavens underneath you , let them serve you !
Govern those that govern : cast down such as fall !
Bring forth with those that increase , and destroy the rotten !
No place let it remain in one number : add and diminish until the stars be numbered !
Arise , Move , and Appear before the Covenant of his mouth , which he has sworn unto us in his Justice .
Open the Mysteries of your Creation : and make us partakers of Undefiled Knowledge .
Have trouble keeping track of the nearly 200 past and current missions to explore our solar system and beyond ?
National Geographic 's elegant infographic displays 50 years of space exploration in a colorful map of our planetary neighbors .
Advertisement
The " Fifty Years of Exploration " map , created by Sean McNaughton and Samuel Velasco for National Geographic , outlines humanity 's journeys into space , starting from the early failed mission to Mars and Venus to the current flight of New Horizons .
A complete , but scaled - down version of the map is shown below , but you can see the giant , full - sized map here .
Fifty Years of Exploration [ National Geographic via Stevey via Metafilter ]
Suppose you are at a busy playground and you hear an 11 - year - old using language he did n’t learn on Sesame Street .
There are plenty of other adults around , but , apparently , not this child ’s parents .
Do you intervene ?
Does anyone ?
WSU sociologist Christine Horne is pretty sure the answer is , “ It depends . ”
Many factors might go into your decision , but the key variable is n’t how offensive the language is , it ’s who else is around .
“ We do n’t just punish in response to a bad behavior , ” Horne says .
“ We punish because we care what people think of us . ”
In The Rewards of Punishment : A Relational Theory of Norm Enforcement , Horne develops her theory that people sanction because they want to look good to others .
Further , her research indicates that the more cohesive or interdependent the group , the more likely people are to sanction bad behavior .
So , in the playground scenario , Horne ’s theory suggests that if you are at the park by yourself or with a rough group of characters with similar vocabularies , you might not get involved .
But , if you are at the park with a group of like - minded friends , you are much more likely to take a stand .
It ’s not just that your friends will back you up , but also that they will think well of you and the social ties between you will be strengthened .
Horne ’s book , published this year by Stanford University Press , follows on the heels of two previous books in which she was a co-editor .
“ Experiments in Criminology and Law : A Research Revolution , ” was published in 2008 , and “ Theories of Social Order : A Reader , ” first published 2003 came out in a second edition this year .
advertisement
In her most recent book , Horne discusses her theory of norms enforcement with multiple real world examples , presents data from laboratory experiments that test the theory , and then explores the implications for developing effective public policy .
Horne says she was curious about why people engage in seemingly inconsistent or self - defeating behavior – behavior that existing theories seemed unable to explain .
Why did the Chinese enforce the cultural norm of foot binding for centuries , even though it produced no tangible benefits and much pain and anguish ?
Why did Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet sign the 1988 International Convention Against Torture , the very agreement that allowed him to be arrested and prosecuted a decade later ?
Even more dramatic , why would the Norse in Greenland in the 1400s perish as a civilization rather than break a cultural norm against eating certain kinds of seafood ?
According to her theory , people will act in ways that damage their personal interests if it means their ties to a particular social group will be strengthened .
And , she suggests , one of the best ways to strengthen your ties to a particular group is to help enforce the norms of that group by punishing outliers .
Significantly , Horne created a series of laboratory experiments to test her theory , a notoriously difficult thing for a sociologist to do .
Essentially , she developed computer “ games ” that require participants to punish or reward each other for actions that either help or harm the individual or the group .
In the experiments , Horne manipulated the “ cost ” of punishing other people , the “ reward ” for punishing , and the interdependence of the group .
When the social rewards were high , people were likely to punish .
advertisement
In addition to presenting the experimental evidence , Horne uses her theory to explore issues as diverse as the enforcement of fidelity , political correctness , Amish rejection of Social Security , and education policy .
Brent Simpson , associate professor of sociology at the University of South Carolina , praised Horne ’s work on norms enforcement .
“ Sociologists and other social scientists have long considered ( norms enforcement ) extremely important , ” he said , “ but have struggled to address it a coherent , systematic way . ”
Satoshi Kanazawa , an evolutionary biologist at the London School of Economics ( and author of Why Beautiful People Have More Daughters ) called Horne ’s ideas “ insightful and original . ”
“ I think this book will fill an important gap in the current scholarship in the field , ” he said .
“ It will be the first book to " sell " the scientific method of laboratory experiments in social sciences both to skeptical social scientists ( who are the majority of social scientists ) and to intelligent lay readers interested in norms and behavior . ”
According to Kanazawa , “ Horne 's defense of the experimental method are simultaneously accurate , thorough , and accessible to nonspecialists .
Her defense is not the first word on the matter , but it should be the last word . ”
Actor demands investigation be reopened after majority of 9/11 Commission members say government lied about official story
The Alex Jones Show
Prison Planet.com
Tuesday , September 8 , 2009
Actor and television star Charlie Sheen has publicly requested a meeting with President Barack Obama to urge him to reopen the official investigation into 9/11 in light of the fact that the majority of the 9/11 Commission members have now publicly gone on record to express their conviction that the government agreed to lie about the official story .
Sheen ’s request takes the form of a letter to the President in the context of a fictional meeting between the two entitled “ 20 Minutes With The President , ” published exclusively on radio talk show host Alex Jones ’ Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com websites .
The letter cites evidence , backed up by a substantial online bibliography , that proves the official story behind 9/11 is a fraud and that this conclusion was also reached by the majority of the 9/11 Commission members , a fact that mandates President Obama to reopen the investigation into the terrorist attacks .
Sheen expresses his hope that President Obama will follow through on his promises of change , accountability and government transparency by using his executive powers to re-examine 9/11 , adding that he voted for Obama with the understanding that he would follow a different course to the Bush administration .
However , as Sheen highlights in his letter , the course of Obama ’s first year in office clearly indicates that he will do nothing to reverse policies crafted by the Bush regime , and in fact has sought to exceed outrages of the previous administration in areas such as warrantless wiretapping , rendition , detention without trial , and wars in the Middle East – all of which arrived as a consequence of 9/11 .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Sheen ’s letter is a public declaration demanding the truth behind 9/11 as America approaches its eighth anniversary since the tragic events of that day .
His questions are shared by a majority of victims ’ family members , according to Bill Doyle , the representative of the largest 9/11 families group .
The letter focuses around the fact that no less than 60 per cent of the 9/11 commissioners have now publicly stated that the government agreed not to tell the truth about 9/11 and that the Pentagon was engaged in deliberate deception about their response to the attack .
Sheen also presents a plethora of other evidence to illustrate how the official story is a fraud , including the revelations of whistle blowers like FBI translator Sibel Edmonds , who recently broke a Federal gag order to expose how Bin Laden and Al - Qaeda were working for the U.S. government right up until the day of 9/11 .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
The issues highlighted by Sheen do not represent idle speculation or conspiracy fodder , they are documented facts that have been deliberately ignored by strawman 9/11 truth hit pieces that are now doing the rounds again as the anniversary approaches , particularly last months ’
9/11 : Science and Conspiracy which was aired by the National Geographic Channel and wasted little time in portraying people who have doubts about the official 9/11 story as extremist cranks , while failing to acknowledge that the majority of the members of the 9/11 Commission have publicly expressed similar concerns .
Charlie
Sheen is once again using his prominent public platform in an attempt to expand a national debate about the disturbing unanswered questions behind 9/11 , having first spoken out on the issue in March 2006 .
After he first went public , Sheen was asked to do more and now he is doing more as he feels there is a chance to get more traction behind a new investigation with a new President in the White House .
Sheen is directly appealing to Barack Obama to read his letter and to look into the lies surrounding 9/11 for himself .
Regardless of whether or not President Obama agrees to meet with him , Sheen is confident that his letter will serve as a catalyst from which questions surrounding 9/11 and other false flag events will be brought to national attention .
This is a call to action and a declaration of war on the lies of 9/11 that have formed the foundation of the endless wars abroad and the police state at home as the Republic falls .
Sheen is demanding that truth activists and those who simply care about the future of the country stand up beside him and speak truth to power .
Sheen is now urging grass roots political organizations and individuals across the country , such as the town hall protesters and We Are Change groups , to go to press conferences and other public events and demand answers about the truth behind 9/11 .
As much awareness as possible around the issue of false flag terrorism needs to be generated in order to prevent tragedies like 9/11 from happening again .
Sheen emphasizes in his letter that we cannot let 9/11 become ancient history , try and forget about it or just move on , because if a nation forgets its history then it is doomed to repeat it .
We cannot allow governments to continue to advance their political agendas by exploiting forged pretexts , argues Sheen , and the fact that big budget hit pieces against 9/11 truth are still being rolled out proves that the establishment is upset that the population is waking up to false flag terror .
Sheen will appear live on The Alex Jones Show on Wednesday and Friday to discuss the content of his “ 20 Minutes With The President ” piece and how he plans to move forward with this exciting new initiative .
You can listen free here or subscribe to prison planet.tv to watch live streaming video .
No matter what your views are on 9/11 , Sheen is begging the thinking public to look at how many members of the 9/11 Commission itself have questioned the official story , along with the scores of other highly credible former and current government officials , intelligence professionals , military officials , scientists , structural engineers and architects , and legal scholars who have all publicly denounced the fraud that continues to masquerade as the official 9/11 story .#
For media requests on this subject email [ email protected ]
This article was posted : Tuesday , September 8 , 2009 at 10:35 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Extending treatment after liver transplant may benefit patients with hepatitis C recurrence
Related images
( click to enlarge )
Extending hepatitis C treatment for liver transplant patients beyond current practice results in high rates of clearance of the hepatitis C virus from the blood , as well as a low rate of relapse , according to a Henry Ford Hospital study .
" We found that patients who achieved a sustained virological response were more likely to have had extended treatment , " says Kimberly Brown , M.D. , Division head of Gastroenterology at Henry Ford Hospital and senior author of the study .
" In addition , prolonging treatment for 52 weeks after patients were virus negative , resulted in a relapse rate of only 8 percent . "
This is in contrast to typical relapse rates of 30 - 35 percent in non transplant patients treated with standard therapy .
Study results will be presented during an oral presentation Oct. 31 at the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases ' Annual Meeting in Boston .
The study looked at 241 consecutive liver transplant patients from 1999 - 2006 .
Patients were offered treatment if they tested positive hepatitis C , had recurrent hepatitis C with at least Stage I fibrosis on biopsy , and stable immunosuppression for a minimum of three months .
Patients received either non-pegylated interferon tiw or pegylated interferon weekly in combination with ribavirin .
Of the study patients with hepatitis C , 66 were eligible for treatment , and 22 achieved sustained virological response .
Only two patients ( 8 percent ) relapsed .
After week 24 of treatment , 35 percent of patients who achieved a sustained virologic response became virus negative .
" These results call into question previous studies which suggested ' stop rules ' at weeks 12 and 24 when there is no response to inferferon and ribravirin , " says Dr. Brown .
" Our results suggest that even if patients are positive at week 24 , there is still a 35 percent chance that they can achieve sustained viral clearance .
We think this may be beneficial to extend treatment beyond the standard 48 weeks total . "
According to the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services , more than 16,000 liver transplants were performed last year and there are currently almost 18,000 Americans on the liver transplant list .
We decided to release the source of all our demo tools ( and thus demos ) .
Just point your attention to https://github.com/farbrausch/fr_public
Excerpt from the README :
----
This is it .
Pretty much a history of Farbrausch tools 2001 - 2011 .
We 've been meaning to release all this for ages , in various forms , and always ended up not doing it because " we 'd just have to clean it up a bit first ... " .
No more .
This is * not* cleaned up .
This is the raw deal , some from old hard drives , some fresh from various SVN repositories .
This is code written for a bunch of different versions of Visual Studio .
Some of it is really tricky to compile , some really easy .
There 's some nice clean stuff there , other parts are just a complete mess .
All of this is released either under a BSD license or put in the public domain ( stated per project ) .
Not that you 're likely to want to use most of this code , but if you want to , we see no reason to keep you .
----
There 's still some stuff missing ( most prominently Werkkzeug 4 ) but we 'll add this in the near future .
Have fun !
The animals that make up corals are anthozoans , a class of invertebrate within the phylum Cnidaria , which includes a diverse assortment of creatures like jellies , hydroids , and sea anemones .
In this mostly marine and entirely carnivorous club you can either float or anchor yourself to a surface , and many do both within their lifespan .
When corals anchor themselves , they do so as attached polyps in large colonies , and they do it by using calcium carbonate , or lime , as a cement .
The Great Barrier Reef along Australia 's northeastern coast is a huge collection of these colonies , built on the 10,000 - year - old ruins of their ancestors ' exoskeletons .
Their method for building their homes is worlds away from the way humans have been making cement and concrete , but one company has developed an innovative method for using seawater ( which corals also utilize to make calcium ) to both make cement and sequester carbon dioxide .
But first , we 'll look at how corals make their homes .
Coral reef communities in general , and coral polyps in particular , exhibit that characteristic so common in these crowded , diverse environments : interdependence .
When real estate is expensive , you find a way to make a living ( ask any of my fellow Californians ) .
Stiff competition makes for some pretty creative methods , however , and often they include the mutually beneficial relationship called symbiosis .
The carnivorous corals can't go it alone so they have co-evolved with an algae boarder , a paying house guest who supplies most of their energy needs through photosynthesis .
The algae are there for the same reason as everyone else : clear , calm and relatively warm water .
For their tithing of sugars they receive the shelter and protection of the corals ' limestone fortress .
They also receive a daily nutritious dose of nitrates and phosphates from the corals ' waste .
While this mutualism is beneficial to both parties , it is n't entirely unforced .
The corals excrete a digestive solution that causes the algae cell walls to leak their precious food .
It 's estimated that 80 percent of the algae 's sugars go to the corals .
An entire ecosystem is based on this relationship that translates the energy of the sun into the building of a massive underwater world .
Corals are extremely sensitive to small changes in the magic formula that makes up their habitat .
Even slight changes in temperature , salinity , light and nitrogen can kill them outright .
It has been estimated that half of the world 's reefs could die out within 50 years .
How we reduce and reverse the air pollution that is causing climate change will be critical to the survival of these shallow seas ecosystems .
Ironically , the corals themselves may provide part of the answer for us .
Unlike their human counterparts , anthozoans do n't make their cementitious homes by mining fossil rock .
They do n't grind it up , cook it to over 1,450 degrees C and then pound the baked material back into a pulverized dust .
No , they just take in plain seawater , and precipitate out calcium and magnesium at normal temperatures and pressure .
The calcium is turned into a crystal form of carbonate called aragonite .
They secrete this lime out a little at a time while they are multi-tasking with other things like gathering food and having sex .
No worries .
I think we could use some pointers from our salty friends , especially since cement production is the third largest source of GHG emissions in the U.S. , according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency .
The $ 11.9 billion industry produced approximately 110.3 million metric tons of cement in 2007 , from 116 plants in 36 states .
Yearly global production of cement dwarfs this figure : it is reckoned by the Portland Cement Association to be approximately 1.25 billion metric tons , with much of it spurred by development in China and India .
Sobering indeed , when you consider that every ton of cement produced is matched by another ton of carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) put into our atmosphere .
Happily , there are some companies that are developing ways to make cement production more like the coral 's methods .
The Calera Corporation operates a small facility on the central California coast that is testing some of these biomimetic processes .
Located next to the Moss Landing Power Plant , the facility has been making small batches of cement by processing CO2 gas through seawater to make first carbonic acid and then carbonates .
Their process is proprietary and in patent development , but , if successful , could revolutionize how we make cement and , perhaps more importantly , how we capture and sequester carbon .
It is an elegant scheme :
Take a waste product , CO2 , that is so damaging but ubiquitous that governments like the state of California are forced to regulate its reduction .
Use this waste as a feedstock , process it through the most abundant substance on earth , seawater , and produce a material that not only can be used for building but permanently entombs the offending carbon .
To power part of your processing use the free waste heat from the power plant itself .
When you are done , return the unheated , unpoisoned seawater back safely , or pass it on as a pretreated ( and money saving ) stock for desalinization .
As an example , the Moss Landing plant is a gas - fired electricity generating facility that produces about 1,000 megawatts of power .
While it is doing this it is also pumping out about 30,000 parts per million of CO2 into the air .
Calera claims that it can capture most of this carbon and sequester a half - ton of carbon for every ton of cement that it makes .
Company officials are currently describing their product as a supplementary cementitious material admixture , rather than as a replacement for Portland cement .
It is being promoted as a replacement for fly ash , which can be increasingly hard to obtain , and as a better performing portion of a greener concrete mix when 50 percent recycled materials are specified .
The eventual possibilities sound a lot like the interdependent material cycling in coral colonies that we have just discussed , and the industrial ecology practiced in Kalundborg , Denmark .
There , for instance , the city 's power plant shunts several by - products to waiting , intentionally located industries , including “ waste ” heat , fly ash , heated seawater , and gypsum ( another ingredient , by the way , in Portland cement ) .
A similar symbiotic arrangement of power plant , carbon capture cement plant and desalinization plant seems worthy of study .
This process holds even greater promise for what the U.N. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change considers a critical option for reducing climate - changing air pollution : Carbon capture and sequestration .
Most any power plant will do as a source of stock ; in fact , the dirtier the better .
We have a wealth of this waste - turned - resource in the United States .
Approximately 2.5 billion metric tons of CO2 were produced in 2006 , by 2,775 power plants .
Of these , 600 were coal - fired plants that spewed 5 times more pollution ( or should we say grey gold ? ) than the Moss Landing operation .
The Calera process would take sequestration one step further by recycling the carbon into a very useable and worthwhile product .
Since Calera potentially provides at least three benefits , pollution abatement , seawater treatment and cement production , the company seems to have the opportunity to engage in several separate markets .
This may offer the chance to be as innovative at the business table as at the manufacturing plant .
Indeed , a recent article in the Harvard Business Review noted that the company was considering giving the cement away for free while making its income from carbon capture .
Whatever their eventual business model , I 'm sure the anthozoans will be pleased at their success .
Tom McKeag teaches bio-inspired design at the California College of the Arts and University of California , Berkeley .
He is the founder and president of BioDreamMachine , a nonprofit educational institute that brings bio-inspired design and science education to K12 schools .
Coral photos - horizontal by http://www.flickr.com/photos/hamed/
/ CC BY 2.0 ; verical by http://www.flickr.com/photos/robertpaulyoung/
/ CC BY 2.0
WASHINGTON  Handing President Obama a hard - fought victory , the House narrowly approved a sweeping overhaul of the nation ’s health care system on Saturday night , advancing legislation that Democrats said could stand as their defining social policy achievement .
After a daylong clash with Republicans over what has been a Democratic goal for decades , lawmakers voted 220 to 215 to approve a plan that would cost $ 1.1 trillion over 10 years .
Democrats said the legislation would provide overdue relief to Americans struggling to buy or hold on to health insurance .
“ This is our moment to revolutionize health care in this country , ” said Representative George Miller , Democrat of California and one of the chief architects of the bill .
Democrats were forced to make major concessions on insurance coverage for abortions to attract the final votes to secure passage , a wrenching compromise for the numerous abortion - rights advocates in their ranks .
U.S. now beating European unemployment rates
For many on the left , the lament for years has been :
Why ca n't America be more like Europe ?
Why ca n't the American lifestyle be more like the European lifestyle ?
Why can't our food be more like Europe's ?
Why can't rustic Americans be more like sophisticated Europeans ?
The sentiment has resurfaced in recent months as the health - care debate has raged on -- why can't the American health - care system be more like Europe's ?
Well , America is now just like Europe in one respect : the unemployment rate .
The official U.S. unemployment rate , reported last Friday , now stands at 10.2 percent .
It shot up from 9.8 percent in September , blasting through expectations and well besting the European average .
According to the European Union , the unemployment rate in the 16 - nation Euro area in September ( the most recent month available ) was 9.7 percent .
Here is the nation - by - nation breakdown :
- Austria : 4.8 %
- Belgium : 7.9 %
- Cyprus : 5.9 %
- Finland : 8.6 %
- France : 10 %
- Germany : 7.6 %
- Greece : Latest available was June , at 9.2 %
- Ireland : 13 %
- Italy : 7.4 %
- Luxembourg : 6.6 %
- Malta : 7.2 %
- Netherlands : 3.6 %
- Portugal : 9.2 %
- Slovakia : 12 %
- Slovenia : 5.9 %
- Spain : 19.3 %
Scanning this data , the instant question has to be :
What 's wrong with Spain ?
The answer is : a collapse in the construction industry , as Spain deals with its worst recession in 60 years .
Unemployment among young Spaniards ( under 25 ) is a jaw - dropping 41.7 percent .
Spain 's is an economy built on temporary employment , leading to the radical swings .
The lesson here is the failure -- once again -- of socialism .
Spain 's socialist government has extended jobless benefits and engaged in massive stimulus spending ( sound familiar ? ) worth about 2.3 percent of GDP .
More importantly , the socialist government refused to cut what are called " firing costs : " how much it costs in severance to lay off an employee .
By law , a fired contract employee must receive 20 days ' pay per year worked .
But because the unions are so strong and threaten to strike at the drop of a hat , many companies pay much more severance than that .
It 's a catch - 22 : Struggling companies need to lay off workers to reduce costs , but the cost of laying off workers is so high , there are no cost savings .
Now such sop - to - the - people popularism is backfiring on the socialist government .
Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero trails his opposition in opinion polls .
I can't talk about Euro-envy without mentioning France , paragon of sophistication for some , running joke for others .
The French unemployment rate is 10 percent .
The under - 25 unemployment rate is 24.5 percent , among the highest in Europe .
The French are famous for their liberal unemployment benefits .
According to London 's Mail newspaper , " Unemployment benefits in France equal 57 per cent to 75 per cent of a jobseeker 's last salary , capped at 6,366.80 [ euros ] a month .
Benefits can last for as long as three years , and sometimes longer for people nearing retirement . "
I 'll do the conversion for you : 6,366.80 euros equals $ 9,548.70 .
That 's per month .
The Mail was occasioned to write the story in February because French financial professionals living in London were fleeing the collapsing banking houses so they could go back to France and collect fat unemployment checks .
Of course , many economists note that such extensive unemployment benefits are a disincentive for looking for work .
Actually , you do n't need an economist to tell you that .
It 's common sense .
-- Frank Ahrens
Sign up to get The Ticker on Twitter
Bottom Line – Using two back - of - the - envelope tests for significance against the CRU global temperature data I have discovered :
75 % of the globe has not seen significant peak warming or cooling changes between the period prior to 1960 and the 2000 ’s ( significance being a rise above 0.5 °C threshold , which is well within the CRU ’s own stated measurement uncertainties of +/- 1 °C or greater for any one year .
significance being a rise above 0.5 °C threshold , which is well within the CRU ’s own stated measurement uncertainties of +/- 1 °C or greater for any one year .
Assuming a peak to peak change ( pre-1960 vs 2000 ’s ) should represent a change greater than 20 % of the measured temperature range ( i.e. , if the measured temp range is 10° then a peak - to - peak change of greater than 2° would be considered ‘ significant ’ ) 87 % the Earth has not experienced significant temperature changes between the pre-1960 period and the 2000’s .
So how did I come to this conclusion ?
If you have the time you can find out by reading below the fold .
I have been working on this post for about a week now , testing a hypothesis I have regarding the raw temp data vs the overly processed CRU , GISS , NCDC , IPCC results ( the processed data shows dramatic global warming in the last century ) .
I have been of the opinion the raw temp data tells a different , cooler story than the processed data .
My theory is that alarmists ’ results do not track well with the raw data , and require the merging of unproven and extremely inaccurate proxy data to open the error bars and move the trend lines to produce the desired result .
We have a clear isolated example from New Zealand where cherry picked data and cherry picked time windows have resulted in ‘ data merging ’ that completely obliterates the raw data .
To pull this deception off on a global scale , as I have mentioned before , requires the alarmists to conceal two inconvenient truths :
The warm periods in the 1930 ’s and 1940 ’s which were about the same as today
The current decline in temperature , just when the alarmists require a dramatic increase to match rising CO2 levels .
What is needed out the back end of this alarmist process is a graph like we have from NCDC , where the 1930 ’s - 1940 ’s warm periods are pushed colder and the current temps are pushed higher .
People have found actual CRU code that does this , and it does it by smearing good temp data with inaccurate proxy data ( in this case the tree rings ) or hard coded adjustments .
The second method used by alarmists is to just drop those inconvenient current temps showing global cooling , which has also been clearly discovered in the CRU data dump .
I have been attempting to compensate for the lack of raw temperature data values by using country - by - country temperature graphs dumped with data from University of East Anlgia ’s Climate Research Unit ( CRU ) .
The file is named idl_cruts3_2005_vs_2008b.pdf , which tells me this is the latest version of the CRU raw temp data run in prep for a new release of the data ( the PDF file was created in July 2009 ) .
I am confident this data is prior to heavy handed corrections employed by CRU and its cohorts .
The fact is you can see a lot of interesting and telling detail in the graphs .
Much of the Pacific Ocean data has been flipped since 2005 trying to correct prior errors and you can see the 2008 data trend way downward in most of the graphs .
In addition , the 1930 ’s - 1940 ’s warm periods have not been squelched yet .
The alarmists have not had a chance to ‘ clean up ’ this data for the general public ( which is one reason I think this file was in the dump from the whisteblower ) .
Before we get to actual examples and my detailed ( and way too lengthy ) analysis , I need to explain the graphs and how I used them ( click to enlarge ) .
In this graph we see the primary data we have available from CRU .
This is a comparison of the 2005 runs in black and 2008 runs in light purple / red .
At CRU all the data is blocked into quarters .
This graph is MAM , which stand for March - April - May , for Argentina .
Each country has four graphs for the four quarters of the year ( June - July - August ( JJA ) , September - October - November ( SON ) and December - January - February ( DJF ) .
The ‘ raw ’ quarterly data is noted with the blue arrows .
It is the highly variable lines from which the ( much less accurate ) trend lines are generated .
First note the smoothed values represent a fraction of the full temperature range ( the y - axis range , in this case almost 3 °C ) .
I point this out to note that fact that to create a quarterly value for a given country for any given year means the raw daily temp data has already disappeared under a mountain of averaging .
Day / Night temps must be combined into quarterly temps by location and then combined into a country wide figure .
Even with all this inaccuracy added in , the ‘ raw ’ data in these graphs is quite dynamic , which makes me wonder how dynamic the daily sensor data is .
CRU and others believe the trend lines mean something significant – but really all they do is mask the true dynamics of nature .
Anyway , now let me explain how I derived ( by eye – ugh ! ) the two primary pieces of data I used to test my hypothesis that the 2000 ’s are not significantly warmer or cooler than the pre 1960 period ( when CO2 levels were drastically lower ) .
Here is how I measured the Peak - to - Peak change in each of the graphs ( click to enlarge ) :
I simply find the highest pre-1960 ’s peak and the highest point in the 2000 ’s and subtract .
I know this is subjective and error prone , but it is good enough for a ‘ reasonableness test ’ .
I would have preferred to use actual data and define min/max points for each time period and compare .
Note I am using the 2005 trend line .
I have noticed many graphs where the 2008 would given my hypothesis more strength , and maybe some day I will compute that version .
I also know there were higher peaks prior to 2000 ( especially around 1998 ) .
In fact I found myself averaging the slide from 1998 into the 2000 ′ many times .
I tried to err on the alarmists ’ side ( my hypothesis to prove after all ) .
Also please note that the ‘ raw ’ yearly data bounces around well beyond all trend line peaks – so I am not too concerned with fact some peaks are skipped .
The next calculation will better explain why .
The P2P data is captured in my results file as shown ( click to enlarge ) :
Note : I am trying to find a way to get a clean spreadsheet up so folks can copy out the data .
Anyway , what I did was compute the P2P value for each quarter for each country , and then averaged those over the full ‘ year ’ .
Then I applied three significance tests to see if the P2P value is ( 1 ) less than - 0.5 °C , ( 2 ) within the +/- range of 0.5 °C or ( 3 ) greater than +0.5 °C .
Test ( 2 ) tells me the two peaks are highly likely to be statistically insignificant given the confidence levels for any given year (+/- 1 °C , per CRU error report ) .
( 1 ) tells me the difference in peaks could represent significant cooling , while ( 3 ) tells me the difference could represent significant warming .
I decided used this significance test because of another file dumped with the CRU data which clearly showed where CRU stated its measurement accuracy was typically +/- 1 °C or greater .
Here is the CRU report from 2005 containing their accuracy claims , along with their own global graph of temperature accuracy :
In my original post on these files I went into great detail on the aspect of measurement accuracy ( or error bars ) regarding alarmists claims .
I will not repeat that information here , but I feel I am being generous giving the data a +/- 0.5 °C margin of error on a trend line ( which itself contains multiple layers of averaging error incorporated in it ) .
Most of the CRU uncertainty data , as mapped on the globe , is above the 1 °C uncertainty level .
What this all really means is detecting a global warming increment of 0.8 °C is not statistically possible .
If I had used their error numbers none of the raw temps would have been significant , which is why people do these back - of - the - envelope tests to determine if we have sufficiently accurate data to test our the hypothesis or not .
When I was capturing the data and looking at the graphs I realized a change in trend line could be 2° in magnitude and really not be significant if the total range of temperature fluctuations was 10 °C or more .
I realized the trend line had to move significantly to indicate something outside the noise of the ‘ raw ’ data .
So I decided to capture the natural variability in the measurements , which is conveniently illustrated on the graph ’s y - axis ( click to enlarge ) :
Once I had the natural range of temps measured .
I computed the P2P difference as a percent of that range ( by quarter ) , then I averaged this over the “ year ” .
I could not use 50 % as the significance threshold ( my opinion of a significant change ) without again showing there has been no measured temperature changes outside the normal variability .
So I tested 10 % and 20 % ( note , there is an error in the chart below , the 3rd test is +/- 10 % test , not 5 % ) .
You can see how the results of these tests in the full results depicted the following diagram ( click to enlarge ) :
I decided to go with the 20 % threshold because the others just seemed too small , too far in the noise ( after all I am comparing a trend line measurement to the full range of raw data ) .
This means a decided a P2P change measured in a range of 10 °C had be greater than 2 °C to be significant , which still seems ridiculously low to me .
Finally I counted how many country ’s saw a cooling trend , which seems to be the case in South America .
I also computed the number of warming trends per the 3 thresholds .
So even when we see a number of P2P ’s passing the 20 % significance test , some of these can be warm , others cool .
OK , what did I find .
3rd time for the full results link , but here is a snap of the global totals based on P2P and my first significance test ( click to enlarge – need to blow these up more ! ) :
Here are some take - aways :
4 % ( 16 of the total ) countries had significant cooling
21 % ( 32 of the total ) countries had significant warming ( hardly worthy of the cries of pending planetary doom ) .
75 % of the countries were within what I would call normal fluctuations , and definitely within the accuracy claimed by CRU .
I have captured this level of P2P detail for each region and it shows how most of the Earth is not significantly different today than from over half a century ago .
The regional data also shows how warming is very isolated to sub-regions and latitudes .
Here the global results for the 2nd significance test ( P2P as percent of normal temp variance ) :
As stated this test indicates very few countries show a significant temperature change :
Using the 20 % threshold , 13.25 % show significant change , 86.75 % fall into the ‘ normal ’ range
Even with a 10 % threshold the numbers are not showing a global problem ( 56 % normal , 38 % significant warming , 6 % significant cooling )
Here are some observations in addition to these broader results :
The Pacific data is pretty bad and has undergone some serious corrections between 2005 and 2008 ( showing a lot less warming and more cooling ) .
In the far southern latitudes of South America and the Far Norther Regions of Russia the trend is for cooling , sometimes significant cooling .
This indicates to me the warming is tied to solar incidence angle , not CO2 .
The fact the closer to the equator the more pronounced the warming is also a sign the warming does not look robe CO2 driven , but solar driven .
In Europe , the MAM - JJA timeframe ( when the Sun is “ above ” the equator ) the warming is very pronounced , but the same regions show no significant warming when the Sun is below the equator – again indicating a solar forcing .
The vast majority of the trends are on the warming side , but very few are significant 75 % of the changes are inside the +/- 0.5 °C range 87 % of the changes fail to break the 20 % significance test
What worries me is the CRU mean lines , which I did chart and which show a significant cooling trend from 2005 and 2008 .
I wonder if CRU uses this useless metric at all ( which you can see obliterating all local data as they run flatlined through the graphs ) .
They look very suspicious ( so I did not explore them much at this stage ) .
Be wary of scales on the graphs , they can run from 2° increments to 0.2°
If you look at data with very tight temperature ranges ( e.g. , Malaysia ) then you wonder how there could be any global warming cries as these places remain well within their range of 1 - 2° over the entire 100 + year record .
One would think runaway warming would move these very stables areas the most – since warming would be harder to detect in regions with much more variability .
There are some wild outliers ( e.g. , Iran ) which should be dumped from the set ( as I did with the Cook Islands ) .
Where I do see warming it is regional and effecting a few countries , not an entire continent .
I think this envelope - level analysis indicates serious problems with the CRU , GISS , NCDC and IPCC claims .
The only way to make data that looks like this :
Into something that looks like this :
Is to apply some questionable ‘ processing ’ steps .
The fact is the raw 2008 CRU3 data does not look anything like the alarmists ’ processed results .
The data , as I have discovered , does not show huge shifts in peak temperatures .
I would have liked to done a better analysis ( e.g. , sampling the top ten max and min peaks in the yearly data to get a more precise ‘ normal range ’ for temps , testing multiple periods , etc ) , but we can understand why the alarmists at CRU were resistant to hand over the raw data .
This already looks bleak for them .
BTW , I should not that the current cooling may very well be transient .
It may require a combination of solar influx and GHG levels to induce feedback – but this data does not support that hypothesis .
This data shows a much more dynamic envelope of ‘ normal ’ , and only minor changes in trends when mapped against this ‘ normal range ’ .
Update :
Once your done here , check out this post at WUWT on the MWP – outstanding !
Update : Now CRU agrees to provide all their data !
Ugh !!!
BTW , I am sure the data exists with Mann and Hanson ( GISS ) .
I doubt they could do their work without some of the raw data .
Yamaha RZ 350 on ebay with only 1391 miles !
I ’m not sure I ’ve ever come across a cleaner , lower mileage RZ than this one .
Even though this might not be the most desirable color for collectors it still deserves a look .
The seller has offered several pictures for review and a phone number for anyone interested in more information .
These were only imported for 2 years and were only available in two color schemes .
I personally prefer the Red / White / Blue vs. the Kenny Roberts edition .
Here is the quote from the listing :
I have up for auction what might be considered one of the “ Nicest ” “ Low Mile ” RZ 350s in the country .
I am the 2nd owner of the motorcycle .
I purchaced this RZ roughly five years ago & still carry the “ Original Title ” and service manual .
I only put maybe 80 miles on the bike when I decided to pull it in the house & park it near the pool table .
This RZ runs outstanding , it has also never been rebuilt , everything functions perfectly .
To find a 1984 Yamaha RZ 350 with under 1,400 original miles you might have to look in a museum .
I ’m sure this would make any RZ enthusiast or “ Collector ” quite satisfied .
From the looks of it I would have to agree with the seller in that this one is sure to please .
You can check out other RZ 350 ’s we ’ve had posted on RSBFS here for price reference .
This one has a reserve price , but at the time of this posting only had 1 bid of $ 499.00 on it .
dd
What this is :
This instructable will show you how to make your Arduino into an R/C interface that you can use for just about anything requiring remote control .
I will also show you how I built an R/C lawnmower using my Arduino , a cheap R/C transmitter and receiver pair , and a couple of electric - wheelchair motors from Ebay .
I have used this interface to control anything from basic LED's to Bipolar stepper motors , mini-robots , lifeless R/C cars from the thrift store , and even a 100lb lawnmower ( all with appropriate motor controllers ) .
It is very flexible and easy to change and very simple to set up .
See a slightly different version of the Lawnbot400 in my new book " Arduino Robotics " , as well as a DIY Segway and several other bots .
Check it out in MAKE magazine in the April 2010 issue ( # 22 ) or here :
UPDATE 3-24-10
New wheel - barrow bucket mounted on top with hinges so it can dump its contents .
UPDATE 3-10 - 10 : NEW CODE
And new video of the Lawnbot400 moving a bunch of dirt from my truck to the flower beds across the yard , also I updated the code again .
.
I added some new code to the project that is safer , including a manual kill - switch and a Failsafe switch .
To implement the Failsafe , I used another Atmega168 ( or an Arduino ) , to control a normally - open 60 amp power relay .
The relay disconnects the power to the motor - controller unless receiving a " good " signal from the 2nd microcontroller .
This signal is updated 2 times every second and is either ON or OFF .
If the bot gets out of range , it loses power to the motors .
If I flip the kill - switch on the Transmitter , it loses power to the motors .
This is also a handy way to disable it remotely if anything were to go near it that was n't supposed to .
The updated code for both microcontrollers is on the CODE page .
In addition to the failsafe , I changed the way the code reads the PPM signals to make it more reliable .
Also , I realized that I was only able to run the bot at 80 % speed with the old code , so now it is quite a bit faster and has more power ( it can carry me across the yard @ 155 lb ) .
Check out this new video of me riding the Lawnbot400 , my wife driving it over a bunch of branches , then me making do some wheelies .
Do n't worry , the mower was turned off this time since the grass did n't need cutting , we were just having fun .
Disclaimer :
DANGER !!!
This is a VERY dangerous piece of equipment if not handled appropriately .
Since all the electronics have been home - built and the Arduino code is new , you MUST be very careful while operating anything heavy with this code .
I have had 1 or 2 times during testing - and before adding a secondary failsafe - that the main Arduino jammed up and I temporarily lost control of the mower for a few seconds !!!!
Though I have added several filters to discard unwanted signals and I rarely have any issues , an un-manned lawnmower IS STILL A POTENTIAL DEATH TRAP and I assume no responsibility for anything that happens as a result of your use of this code or this tutorial .
This is meant as a guide for people who not only have the ability to build such a contraption , but the responsibiltity to operate it safely as well .
Any suggestions or ideas on how to make this a safer project is always gladly accepted .
Having said that , it 's also awesome .
Background :
Most R/C equipment comes packaged for a single specific use , which makes it easy to use but is very limited in what you can do with it .
So using the Arduino as an interpreter between the R/C system and the motor driver , I can use any motor controller that I want ( depending on the size of the motor and power required ) , reprogramming the Arduino to supply the required signals .
What I ended up with :
After successfully hacking a few R/C cars from the thrift store , I got bored driving them around the driveway and I was having a hard time convincing my wife that there was any usefulness in the revived toy car .
So I decided it was time to make my biggest chore at home , a whole lot easier and actually put my Arduino to work , and thats how I ended up building an R/C lawnmower .
While designing the lawnmower , I thought it would be cool to learn about the electronics that made it move , so I designed and built my own motor speed controller ( or H - bridge ) to power the lawnmower .
I looked around at every H - bridge design I could find before deciding to go with a Mosfet h - bridge that uses both N - channel and P - channel Mosfets .
I built several different motor driver boards for this project , the first two were on Radio - Shack perf - board and the next 4 were designed using EagleCad and etched to a piece of copper - clad PCB , using the toner - transfer method .
The most recent board is the one I use to mow the lawn as it has the ability to stay cool even while operating for long periods of time ( 30 - 40 mins straight ) at 10 - 20 amps and 24vdc.
FWIW , I had to burn up a lot of Mosfets to find this out .
If you want to see any of my other motor controllers , go to www.rediculouslygoodlooking.com and check out the Mosfet shield .
Here is what I bought already assembled :
FM R/C transmitter and receiver pair from ebay = $ 40
Arduino = $ 30
I already had a used push - mower = $ 60
Here is what I bought and assembled into the Lawnbot400 ( as I call it ) :
( 2 ) electric - wheelchair motors from ebay = $ 40 ea
(2) 12 v marine deep cycle batteries - Walmart - $ 60 ea new ( used batteries might work )
36 " pieces of 2 " angle - iron ( 2 ) and 1 " square - tubing ( 2 ) from Home Depot = $ 8 ea
36 " pieces of 1 " angle - iron ( 2 ) and 1 " flat steel bar ( 2 ) from Home Depot = $ 5 ea
( a lot ) of nuts , bolts , washers , lock washers 3/8 " or 1/2 " with drill bit = $ 20
( 2 ) caster wheels from Harbor Freight Tools = $ 14 ea
( 2 ) drive wheels from Harbor Freight Tools = $ 8 ea
( 36 " ) 5/8 " threaded rod with several 5/8 " nuts and washers from Home Depot = $ 8
( 2 ) sprockets from Allelectronics = $ 5 ea
# 25 roller chain and a few universal links from Allelectronics = $ 10 for 3 '
sprockets from Electronics Goldmine = $ 1.50 ea
( 24 ) mosfets from Digikey = $ 1 ea
( there were quite a few small parts for building the H - bridge , they are listed later on )
Title : Rage Meme
Name : Grant Moore
Country : Canada
Software : Maya , mental ray , ZBrush
Submitted : 30th October 2009
If you spend some time on the internet , you ’re likely to come across a meme now and then .
I recently saw a compilation of the “ rage ” meme and had such a good laugh that I wanted to create the character in 3D after seeing a “ good ” 2D sketch of the character .
This is probably the ugliest / stupidest thing I ’ve ever made , but I had fun making it .
It was made entirely in ZBrush and rendered out using SSS in Maya .
Everything about it was done sloppy as an homage to the terrible MS Paint drawing it is supposed to represent .
I also removed the obligatory swear from this particular image to just show the character instead of the context of the comic .
I used one particular comic as a reference and unfortunately do not know who the original creator was , I will post a direct link to the image on my own hosting later .
Each year the celebrated producer dishes out money , clothes and toys to cash - strapped families .
But this seasonal giving spree is now threatened by changes in the law
Stories of seasonal goodwill are increasingly rare these days , especially ones that involve the US postal service , Santa Claus and legendary producer Steve Albini .
So prepare to have your cold , cold hearts melted by this joyous tale .
According to the Chicago Tribune , Albini ( best known for his work with Nirvana , PJ Harvey , Will Oldham , Shellac , oh you get the idea ) loads a van with money , clothes and toys raised each year in a charity drive and dishes them out to cash - strapped families across the city .
" There 's so much money that it can literally save a family 's entire year , " Albini told the Tribune .
So why are we telling you now ?
Because The Man is trying to put an end to this seasonal giving , that 's why .
Albini knows which families to contact because all letters in Chicago written to Santa are diverted to potential donors in the city .
But a change in US policy means that these names and addresses will now be blacked out on " Dear Santa " letters , which , according to the Tribune , means that Albini and his wife , Heather Whinna , " can no longer cull through the thousands of letters that amass each winter at Chicago 's post office , looking for the neediest families " .
The details of why the policy has changed are a little complicated , and as they involve an alleged paedophile in Maryland , are also not really in keeping with the Christmas spirit .
What it does mean is the Albini and Whinna are having to look for ways around this problem in the hope that they can keep giving at Christmas .
One word guys : reindeer .
The President of China came to visit Obama in the White House .
He did not know how to speak English .
His partner told him that when you meet Obama first say “ hello ” , then he will say hello too .
Then say “ How are you ? ”
He will say ” I am fine ” .
Then say “ Me too ” .
His partner said that the rest your translator will say .
When he went to talk to Obama , he said “ Hello ” and Obama said Hello too .
Then Hu Jinato , except of saying how are you , he said “ Who are you ?
” Obama replied “ I am Michell ’s husband and the President of America . ”
Hu then replied “ Haha Me too . ”
There was a minute of silence after the talk in the room .
The content on this page is accurate as of the posting date ; however , some of our partner offers may have expired .
Please review our list of best credit cards , or use our CardMatch ™ tool to find cards matched to your needs .
If you are old enough , you may remember pressing your face against a shop window , eyes wide , fantasizing about the wonderful things you could do with that shiny red bicycle or that set of electric trains or that ornate dollhouse .
You may also remember that credit was n’t used as freely as it is today .
When begging and whining failed to achieve immediate results , the only way to get the cherished item was to wait several months as payments were made toward the purchase on something called the “ layaway plan . ”
As the Great Recession drags along and as credit card customers grow increasingly tapped out , a number of retail outlets are resurrecting the layaway purchase option that gained favor during the Great Depression and remained popular for decades .
Layaway ’s old , simple idea
The layaway plan consists of a down payment , manageable payments over time , no interest , no hit to your credit card , and no dings to your credit score .
It ’s just between you and the store .
Stick with the plan , and the item is yours .
The latest advocate : Toys R Us. On Oct. 20 , the nation ’s largest toy and baby products retailer joined Sears , Kmart , Burlington Coat Factory , T.J. Maxx , Marshalls and several other national and regional outlets in offering old - fashioned layaway plans , in some cases with newfangled bells and whistles .
“ We understand that many gift givers are carefully watching their budgets this holiday season and layaway offers convenience and flexibility by allowing customers to make a series of small payments over time , ” said Jennifer Albano , a spokeswoman for Toys R Us .
She said the company tested the plan in select stores during the summer and found that it connected with shoppers .
Under the program , which is similar to most layaway plans , Toys R Us shoppers lay down a deposit of 20 percent of the purchase price ( including taxes ) and a $ 10 service charge .
Then , they can make additional payments at any time they like and as frequently as they like .
Toys R
Us says the merchandise will be made available within 10 days of final payment — a bit of a departure from most layaway plans , which tuck away particular items for customers and hand them over immediately upon final payment .
Refunds are available for canceled orders at Toys R Us , though there is a $ 5 fee .
Delayed gratification re-emerges
At the heart of all layaway programs is the concept of delayed gratification , something of a new concept for many Americans more familiar with impulse buying and the instant buzz it delivers .
Economic hardship , the overall credit crunch and the increasingly regressive and repressive policies of some credit card companies are taking their toll on the use of credit .
Earlier this month , the Federal Reserve reported that credit card balances plunged by $ 10 billion in August , the 11th consecutive month of decline .
“ People seem to be rethinking whether they really want to take on more debt , even if they have available credit , ” said Devanie Angel , who runs the LayawayPlans.
net website , which offers a variety of information about the process .
“ Shoppers who may have thought of layaway as something for people who could n’t get credit or were just not good at planning or managing their money are now seeing the wisdom of a system that forces you to plan ahead and avoid impulse purchases , ” she said .
Angel said her year - old website is seeing a 10 - fold growth in visitors lately , an increase that seems to be building as the holiday gift season approaches .
“ The tone seems to be more serious , ” she said .
“ I think people who never would have considered putting something on layaway — they ’d just charge it — are giving the concept serious thought when it comes to holiday shopping , school clothes and gear for their kids and even regular household purchases . ”
People seem to be rethinking whether they really want to take on more debt , even if they have available credit .
Devanie Angel , LayawayPlans.net
Signs of resurgence
The popularity of credit cards nearly killed layaway in recent decades .
In a turnabout , cards ’ sudden unpopularity is helping to nurture layaway ’s return .
The resurgence of layaway began gaining momentum last year , as the economy tanked and Americans grew concerned over their mountainous debt .
Kmart alone reported 600,000 layaway customers during the 2008 holiday season .
As a consequence , it sponsored summer and back - to - school layaway programs .
And , just a few weeks ago , Kmart and Sears added layaway components to their online sales operations .
“ We have an entire generation of customers that grew up shopping online , ” said Mark Snyder , Kmart ’s chief marketing officer .
“ Launching online layaway at Kmart engages these customers by allowing them to spread their payments out over time and better plan their spending . ”
Company officials said their research showed that Web searches featuring the word “ layaway ” more than doubled between August 2008 and August 2009 .
“ Direct input from Sears and Kmart consumers was a key driver in our decision to launch online layaway , ” said Shannelle Armstrong , director of public relations for Sears Holdings , which owns both retail chains . ”
“ Online layaway is a reflection of Kmart and Sears being responsive to customer needs and nimble in these tough economic times , ” she said .
Layaway programs offer certain obvious benefits not only to shoppers who now have another way to make big - ticket purchases , but also to retailers .
For instance , if the customer stops making payments or otherwise cancels the deal , the store can simply return the item to its for - sale inventory .
( Also , from the consumer ’s standpoint , a deal gone bad does not tarnish any credit report . )
And if the transaction goes through , as the vast majority do , the retailer avoids credit card transaction fees .
Online layaway is a reflection of Kmart and Sears being responsive to customer needs and nimble in these tough economic times .
Shannelle Armstrong , Sears Holdings
Read the fine print
Layaway has its shortcomings .
“ If you choose to use layaway , be sure to examine the layaway contract carefully before committing to it , ” Angel said .
“ Make sure the terms — including deposits , fees and payment intervals — are acceptable to you . ”
The Federal Trade Commission offers layaway tips for consumers and for companies .
Still , it ’s clear that layaway programs are reporting for duty for another spin around the retail block .
“ The holidays should be a time of celebration and connection with family … , ” said Armstrong , the spokeswoman for Sears Holdings .
“ Layaway is a great option to manage your time and your budget . ”
Said Angel : “ While in a perfect world , everyone would just save up for what they need or want , layaway is an increasingly realistic option in a time of economy uncertainty , layoffs and shoppers just being more cautious about when and how they spend their money .
“ I wo n’t be surprised if more retailers jump on board or resurrect their layaway programs . ”
See related : 10 questions to ask about layaway plans , Layaway enjoying small revival for the holidays , Credit card balances plunge by $ 10 billion in August
Today marks the 10 - year anniversary of the passage of the repeal of the 1933 Glass - Steagall Act and related legislation .
It is an anniversary worth noting for what it teaches us about forestalling financial crises , the consequences of maniacal deregulation , and the out - of - control political power of the megafinancial institutions .
The repeal of Glass - Steagall removed the legal prohibition on combinations between commercial banks on the one hand , and investment banks and other financial services companies on the other .
Glass - Steagall 's strict rules originated in the U.S. government 's response to the Depression and reflected the learned experience of the severe dangers to consumers and the overall financial system of permitting giant financial institutions to combine commercial banking with other financial operations .
Glass - Steagall protected depositors and prevented the banking system from taking on too much risk by defining industry structure : Commercial banks could not maintain investment banking or insurance affiliates ( nor affiliates in non-financial commercial activity ) .
As banks eyed the higher profits in higher risk activity , however , they began in the 1970s to breach the regulatory walls between commercial banking and other financial services .
Starting in the 1980s , responding to a steady drumbeat of requests , regulators began to weaken the strict prohibition on cross-ownership .
Despite herculean efforts by Wall Street throughout the 1990s , Glass - Steagall remained law because of intra-industry and intra-regulatory agency disagreements .
Then , in 1998 , in an act of corporate civil disobedience , Citicorp and Travelers Group announced they were merging .
Such a combination of banking and insurance companies was illegal under the Bank Holding Company Act , but was excused due to a loophole that provided a two - year review period of proposed mergers .
The merger was premised on the expectation that Glass - Steagall would be repealed .
Citigroup 's co-chairs Sandy Weill and John Reed led a swarm of industry executives and lobbyists who trammeled the halls of Congress to make sure a deal was cut .
But as the deal - making on the bill moved into its final phase in Fall 1999 , fears ran high that the entire exercise would collapse .
( Reed now says repeal of Glass - Steagall was a mistake . )
Robert Rubin stepped into the breach .
Having recently stepped aside as Treasury Secretary , Rubin was at the time negotiating the terms of his next job as an executive without portfolio at Citigroup .
But this was not public knowledge at the time .
Deploying the credibility built up as part of what the media had labeled " The Committee to Save the World " ( Rubin , Fed Chair Alan Greenspan and then - Deputy Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers , so named for their interventions in addressing the Asian financial crisis in 1997 ) , Rubin helped broker the final deal .
The Financial Services Modernization Act , also known as the Gramm - Leach - Bliley Act of 1999 , formally repealed Glass - Steagall .
Among a long list of deregulatory moves large and small over the last two decades , Gramm - Leach - Bliley was the signal piece of financial deregulation .
Repeal of Glass - Steagall had many important direct effects but the most important was to change the culture of commercial banking to emulate Wall Street 's high - risk speculative betting approach .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
" Commercial banks are not supposed to be high - risk ventures ; they are supposed to manage other people 's money very conservatively , " writes Nobel Prize - winning economist Joseph Stiglitz .
" It is with this understanding that the government agrees to pick up the tab should they fail .
Investment banks , on the other hand , have traditionally managed rich people 's money -- people who can take bigger risks in order to get bigger returns .
When repeal of Glass - Steagall brought investment and commercial banks together , the investment - bank culture came out on top .
There was a demand for the kind of high returns that could be obtained only through high leverage and big risk - taking . "
This is a very important part of the story of what created the financial crisis .
What lessons should be learned from the 10 - year debacle ?
First , Glass - Steagall 's key insight was in the need to treat regulation from an industry structure point of view .
Glass - Steagall 's authors did not set out to establish a regulatory system to oversee companies that combined commercial banking and investment banking .
They simply banned the combination of these enterprises .
Cleaning up the current mess , we need strategies that focus on industry structure -- meaning , especially , that we must break up the big banks -- as well as more traditional regulation .
Second , we need to return to Glass - Steagall 's more particular understanding : depository institutions backed by federal insurance protection cannot be involved in the risky , speculative betting of the investment banking world .
( Notably , the Glass - Steagall problem is now worse than it was before the financial crisis , following JP Morgan 's acquisition of Bear Stearns , and Bank of America 's takeover of Merrill Lynch . )
Moreover , we need not just to reinstate Glass - Steagall , but infuse its underlying principles throughout the financial regulatory scheme .
Commercial banks should not be in the business of speculation .
They have a job to do in providing credit to the real economy .
They should do that .
Their job is not to engage in betting on derivatives and other exotic financial instruments .
Third , giant financial institutions exercise too much political power , and for that reason alone must be broken up .
Fourth , we need broad reform in the area of money and politics .
We need public financing of Congressional regulations , even stronger lobbyist reforms , and tight restrictions to close the revolving door through which individuals spin as they travel between positions in government and industry .
A year ago , as the financial crisis was unfolding , it seemed very plausible that these reforms would be seriously debated in Congress .
Three months ago , it appeared that Wall Street had successfully maneuvered to keep them off the table .
But in Congress a recognition is now settling in that regulatory reforms on the table are failing to deal with the problems of size and industry structure -- and that there may be a severe political price to be paid for such failure .
Suddenly , it seems that common sense may again be politically viable .
* Biggest award made in single day from stimulus package
* Will pay for 18 million smart meters , other equipment ( Updates with speech , changes dateline from Washington )
ARCADIA , Fla. , Oct 27 ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama on Tuesday announced $ 3.4 billion in grants to help build a “ smart ” electric grid meant to trim utility bills , reduce blackouts and carry power generated by solar and wind energy .
It was the largest award made in a single day from the $ 787 billion stimulus package approved by Congress .
The White House said the award will create tens of thousands of jobs while upgrading the U.S. electric grid .
Republicans have heavily criticized the stimulus as wasteful spending that has done little to reduce America ’s 9.8 percent jobless rate .
The grants , which range from $ 400,000 to $ 200 million , will go to 100 companies , utilities , manufacturers , cities and other partners in 49 states -- every state except Alaska .
Obama made the announcement after taking a tour of an array of 90,000 solar panels that line a grassy plain of cow pastures deep in the muggy heart of Florida , apparently more panels than there are people in Arcadia .
Obama , doffing his suit coat against the heat and humidity , told a crowd the program was an important investment in the types of clean energy he would like to foster in the United States to wean the country off carbon fuels .
He said the grants would go to private companies , utilities and cities and were aimed at creating a “ smarter , stronger and more secure electric grid . ”
“ At this this moment , there ’s something big happening in America when it comes to creating a clean energy economy , ” Obama said .
Carol Browner , Obama ’s top adviser on climate change and energy issues , told reporters that the current grid system was outdated and dilapidated .
“ Not only do we need to make the current system bigger and add more watts , but we need to make it function better , ” she said .
‘ MORE THAN A FACE - LIFT ’
The grants will not be used to build new power lines , but improve the capabilities of the electrical system .
“ I would say it ’s more than a face - lift , ” Browner said .
The money will pay for about 18 million smart meters that will help consumers manage energy use in their homes , 700 automated substations to make it faster for utilities to restore power knocked out by storms and 200,000 smart transformers that allow power companies to replace units before they fail , thus avoiding outages .
The winning companies have secured an additional $ 4.7 billion in private money to match their government grants , creating $ 8.1 billion in total investment in the smart grid .
One of the winning companies is Constellation Energy 's CEG.N Baltimore Gas and Electric Co , which will receive $ 200 million in grants to add to $ 250 million in private funds to deploy a smart meter network for all of its 1.1 million residential customers .
Constellation Energy chairman Mayo Shattuck said the new technology would put the country on the brink of the “ greatest transformations of the electric grid ever . ”
“ This technology allows consumers to have the opportunity to reduce their bills and it allows utilities to increase their efficiency , ” Shattuck said .
The White House will act fast to get the money into the economy , with the funds expected to be in the accounts of the winning companies within 60 days .
The projects themselves will last 12 to 36 months .
BGE customers can use the meters to view their electricity use in real - time , allowing them to run appliances when there is less demand on the grid and power prices are cheaper .
Sempra Energy's SRE.N San Diego Gas and Electric
Co subsidiary will get $ 28.1 million on top of the $ 32 million it plans to spend to connect 1.4 million smart meters .
( Additional reporting by Tom Doggett and Patricia Zengerle in Washington ; Editing by David Storey )
If you follow the debate around the energy / climate bills working through Congress you will notice that the drill - baby - drill opponents of this legislation are now making two claims .
One is that the globe has been cooling lately , not warming , and the other is that America simply can’t afford any kind of cap - and - trade / carbon tax .
But here is what they also surely believe , but are not saying :
They believe the world is going to face a mass plague , like the Black Death , that will wipe out 2.5 billion people sometime between now and 2050 .
They believe it is much better for America that the world be dependent on oil for energy  a commodity largely controlled by countries that hate us and can only go up in price as demand increases  rather than on clean power technologies that are controlled by us and only go down in price as demand increases .
And , finally , they believe that people in the developing world are very happy being poor  just give them a little running water and electricity and they ’ll be fine .
They ’ll never want to live like us .
Yes , the opponents of any tax on carbon to stimulate alternatives to oil must believe all these things because that is the only way their arguments make any sense .
Let me explain why by first explaining how I look at this issue .
I am a clean - energy hawk .
Green for me is not just about recycling garbage but about renewing America .
That is why I have been saying “ green is the new red , white and blue . ”
Telstra shareholders have expressed disgust at the Federal Government 's plan to separate the company during its annual general meeting .
Other shareholders expressed concern over negotiations between Telstra and the government aimed at vending in assets for the National Broadband Network ( NBN ) .
Joan Templeman , a Telstra shareholder , said she was " quite angry " at the way the government were " holding a gun at Telstra 's head " .
" If it wants to take - over Telstra 's assets to build its own network I think they need to pay a realistic price for them , " she said .
Telstra CEO
David
Thodey could not promise shareholders a " mutually acceptable agreement " with the government .
" Can I promise that a mutually acceptable agreement will be reached ?
No .
" Do I think there is a pathway to such an agreement ?
Yes , " Thodey said .
Ce n'est plus un simple espoir , mais un franc succès .
Pour la première fois , une maladie grave touchant le cerveau a pu être traitée par une thérapie génique .
La progression de cette pathologie , l'adrénoleucodystrophie liée au chromosome X , a été arr êtée chez deux enfants après une autogreffe de cellules souches de la moelle osseuse dans lesquelles un gène correcteur avait été introduit .
Les résultats définitifs de cet essai clinique , mené par Nathalie Cartier et Patrick Aubourg ( Inserm et Assistance publique - Hôpitaux de Paris ) , sont publiés dans la revue Science datée du jeudi 5 novembre .
Les leucodystrophies frappent un nouveau - né sur 2000 en France .
Ce groupe de maladies a en commun d'affecter les cellules du système nerveux central fabricant la gaine de myéline qui enveloppe les nerfs .
Dans l'adrénoleucodystrophie , le chromosome X porte une version mutée du gène ABCD1 .
Seuls les garçons sont donc atteints de la maladie .
Celle - ci évolue progressivement , avec entre l'âge de 5 et 12 ans l'apparition d'anomalies à l'imagerie médicale du cerveau sans signes cliniques .
Puis , les manifestations pathologiques apparaissent et le malade devient grabataire , avec une altération de ses fonctions intellectuelles et motrices .
Le professeur Patrick Aubourg , qui avait identifié en 1993 le gène en cause avec le professeur Jean - Louis Mandel , a conçu un essai de thérapie génique , destiné à traiter des patients pour lesquels il n'y avait pas de donneur de moelle osseuse compatible disponible .
Cet essai , dont des résultats intermédiaires étaient encourageants ( Le Monde du 30 octobre 2007 ) , s'est conclu avec un suivi qui aura duré respectivement vingt - quatre et trentemois pour les deux enfants y ayant participé .
Chez ces deux malades porteurs de la mutation , des cellules souches de la moelle osseuse – capables de donner l'ensemble des lignées cellulaires sanguines – ont été récoltées dans le sang périphérique .
Elles ont été mises en présence d'un vecteur lentiviral dérivé du VIH , qui a la particularité de pénétrer dans le noyau des cellules .
Ce vecteur portait la bonne version du gène ABCD1 .
Une fois réinjectées dans le sang des deux enfants , les cellules souches porteuses du gène correcteur ont eu une descendance cellulaire qui s'est retrouvée notamment dans le cerveau .
Sur le plan des lésions , le processus de démyélinisation des cellules nerveuses s'est arrêté en un peu plus d'un an .
Les fonctions neurologiques et cognitives sont restées stables au cours de la période de suivi , et les résultats sont tout à fait comparables à ceux d'une greffe de moelle osseuse réussie – sans l'inconvénient de l'administration , à vie , d'un traitement antirejet .
Cette étude , qui a mobilisé une large équipe , incluant notamment les professeurs Marina Cavazzana - Calvo et Alain Fischer ( Inserm , hôpital Necker , Paris ) était financièrement soutenue par l'association européenne contre les leucodystrophies ( ELA ) .
Le premier enseignement qui peut en être tiré est la confirmation qu'il est possible , au moyen d'un vecteur lentiviral , de corriger les cellules souches de la moelle osseuse .
" Nous avons obtenu une correction importante , de l'ordre de 15 % , souligne le professeur Aubourg .
Il faut savoir que dans la thérapie génique des “ enfants bulle ” , par exemple , le taux de correction est inférieur à 0,01 % .
Nous allons travailler pour augmenter le pourcentage de cellules corrigées .
Le vecteur lentiviral pourrait être appliqué à d'autres maladies génétiques comme la bêta - thalassémie ou la drépanocytose . "
La deuxième leçon est la sécurité d'emploi de cette technique .
L'intégration du vecteur lentiviral dans le génome du malade n'allait - elle pas entraîner des effets secondaires ?
Les risques étaient limités par le fait que le vecteur était doté d'un dispositif d'auto - inactivation : il s'inactivait une fois intégré et n'a donc pas joué de rôle néfaste .
Grâce au travail de Christof Von Kalle ( Centre allemand de recherche sur le cancer , Heidelberg ) , les différents sites d'intégration ont pu être surveillés .
" Même si nous nous devons de rester prudents , les résultats sont rassurants sur l'innocuité du vecteur " , indique le professeur Aubourg .
Le troisième enseignement , souligné dans un commentaire de Luigi Naldini ( San Raffaele Telethon Institute for Gene Therapy , Milan , Italie ) , publié dans le même numéro de Science , est que ces résultats et d'autres récemment parus vont sans doute redonner un élan à la thérapie génique .
Cette approche thérapeutique , après avoir beaucoup promis , n'avait pour l'heure pas répondu aux espoirs placés en elle .
Paul Benkimoun
As you can probably guess , i’ve sort of forgotten about this site – the reason mainly because there ’s little reason to actually update it anymore .
Plenty of anime sites and blogs have more than enough information on upcoming shows , and broadcast that information well .
And although i’ve stopped making these info charts , it seems they ’ve inspired a bunch of people to make their own and keep the tradition alive amongst /a/ and other sites , for which was the entire reason for my little project – they are much more tedious to compile than it looks , so i’m glad there are other still willing to put the effort in .
People have even gone ahead and made charts for previous years , and they ’ll be floating around somewhere i’m sure .
So to anyone who actually still checks this site anymore that is n’t a russian bot , or did , I appreciate the support , and once again a big thanks to the guys who have decided to continue to make preview charts .
~ Chartfag
EDIT : I have no intention of actually closing this thing so whatever I posted should still be online indefinitely .
Oh , and thanks for the replies , I am surprised at the significant amount of response !
You are all bros .
As for sources for charts , I ca n’t really find any aggregates of the gorrillion different versions floating around ( do inform if you find any ) , so i’ll just post some links :
http://twitter.com/#!/animucharts
http://atxpieces.wordpress.com/author/atxpieces/
http://neregate.com/blog/anime-charts/
There are even more i’ve seen on /a / and other places too , including some crafty troll charts that no doubt fooled some people .
If you know of any sites devoted to translations of charts then i’ll stick them up here too .
Also check out some of those links on the right for some decent sources , such as the Mahou Showtime active schedule ( very handy for live streams ) , the FanSubWiki for subs , and other various informative places .
Thanks all !
Posted in Charts
Tags : chartfag spring 2012 anime chart
Among all the complex and long - term solutions being sought in Copenhagen for averting environmental catastrophe across the world , there is one place where the catastrophe has already happened , but could be immediately ameliorated with one simple political act .
In Gaza there is now no uncontaminated water ; of the 40,000 or so newborn babies , at least half are at immediate risk of nitrate poisoning – incidence of " blue baby syndrome " , methaemoglobinaemia , is exceptionally high ; an unprecedented number of people have been exposed to nitrate poisoning over 10 years ; in some places the nitrate content in water is 300 times World Health Organisation standards ; the agricultural economy is dying from the contamination and salinated water ; the underground aquifer is stressed to the point of collapse ; and sewage and waste water flows into public spaces and the aquifer .
The blockade of Gaza has gone on for nearly four years , and the vital water and sanitation infrastructure went past creaking to virtual collapse during the three - week assault on the territory almost a year ago .
What would it take to start the two UN sewerage repair projects approved by Israel ; a UN water and sanitation project , not yet approved ; and two more UN internal sewage networks , not yet approved ?
Right now just one corner of the blockade could be lifted for these building materials and equipment to enter Gaza , to let water works begin and to give infant lives a chance .
Just one telephone call from the Israeli defence ministry could do it – an early Christmas present to the UN staff on the ground who have been ready to act for months and have grown desperate on this front , as on so many others .
Earlier this year , just one question face to face to the Israeli government , from Senator John Kerry after he visited Gaza , allowed pasta into Gaza .
Who from Europe or the US will ask the Israeli defence minister the face - to - face question for the blue babies ?
Sarah Brown , the British prime minister 's wife , would be the perfect candidate – an independent person who has the ear of the powerful , a mother who knows something about grief for babies .
And she could be accompanied by Lord Mandelson in case there was any bullying .
The science on all this is unchallenged .
Last September a UN report spelled it out in stark detail , including the regional implications for Israel and Egypt if the shared aquifer is not " rested " and alternative water sources found .
The United Nations Environment Programme estimated that $ 1.5 bn could be needed over 20 years to restore the aquifer , including the establishment of desalination plants to take the pressure off the underground water supplies .
Gaza 's huge pale sandy beaches used to be society 's playground and reassurance of happiness and normality , with families picnicking , horses exercising , fishermen mending their nets , children swimming and boys exercising in the early morning , but these days they are mainly empty , and not just because it is winter .
Between 50 m and 60 m litres of untreated sewage have flowed into the Mediterranean every day this year since the end of the Israeli invasion in January , the sea smells bad and few fish are available in the three nautical mile area Palestinians are allowed in .
This resource seems as ruined as the rubble of Gaza 's parliament and ministries .
A visitor to Gaza could miss this underground disaster , seeing what the surreal economy of the tunnels from Egypt has brought in : a chic new coffee house , with new furniture and prints on the wall , which would not be out of place in Piccadilly , fish from Oman for restaurants , fat sheep and goats for the Eid feast , new cars reassembled after being cut into four , huge motorbikes straight out of Easy Rider , bustling markets full of foods , clothes , fridges , washing machines , pharmaceuticals , some brought in to order , and much more .
Some people are getting very rich on both sides of the Rafah border .
But the tunnels are a small slice of the reality .
" We have run out of words to describe how bad it is here , " says John Ging , director of operations for the United Nations Relief and Works Agency in Gaza .
Ging heads a team of 10,000 mainly Palestinian workers who run the aid supplies that are all that stand between the vast majority of Gazans and destitution .
" We have 80 % unemployment , an economy at subsistence level , infrastructure destroyed , etc , but even worse than the humanitarian plight is the destruction of civil society . "
Ging 's great preoccupation is " the 750,000 children susceptible to an environment where things are moving rapidly in the wrong direction , where the injustice is bewildering , and every day worse " .
There is a big problem of insecurity and violence here , and it is getting worse .
Most adults display stoic resilience , and cling to a belief in traditional values , but there is a compelling narrative by extremists which becomes ever more difficult to combat .
Only lifting the siege would change the dynamic .
An international community that has accepted the " normalcy " of the degrading tunnel economy for Gaza , shames us all .
Ending the water emergency should be the first step to breaking the blockade .
• Comments on this article will remain open for 24 hours from the time of publication but may be closed overnight
A look at Joel Pineiro , a player the Mets have been linked to this offseason .
The Mets have been linked to numerous free agents and I want to take a look at each one , giving a breakdown of their strengths and weaknesses and what the club should expect from the player going forward .
The first one I want to look at is RHP Joel Pineiro .
Strengths
Pineiro is a veteran pitcher who totaled 214 IP last year and notched 15 wins .
With the help of famed pitching coach Dave Duncan , Pineiro overhauled the type of pitcher he was in 2009 .
Always a strong ground ball pitcher , Pineiro focused on throwing even more ground balls than ever before .
How did he do this ?
After five consecutive years of throwing his fastball between 55 and 58 percent of the time , Pineiro threw his fastball an average of 71 percent of the time last year .
In his June 23rd start against the Mets , Pineiro threw 100 pitches in a complete - game win .
He threw 77 fastballs , 12 changeups , 2 sliders and 9 curveballs .
He faced 29 batters , got 22 ground balls , 4 fly balls , 1 HB , 1 BB and 1 SO .
Compare that to his July 2nd start in 2008 against the Mets.
Pineiro threw 88 pitches which included 34 fastballs , 19 changeups , 24 sliders and 11 curves .
He faced 26 batters , got 11 ground balls , 10 fly balls , 1 BB and 4 SO .
Last year , Pineiro abandoned his slider and instead threw a two - seam fastball , a pitch known for its sink and ability to get grounders .
In 2008 , Pineiro did not throw a single two - seam fastball in his July 2nd start against the Mets .
In his June 23rd start last year , Pineiro threw 26 two - seam fastballs .
The end result of his new pitching style was a career - best 60.5 percent ground ball rate , the highest mark of any pitcher in the majors .
Not surprisingly , his GB / FB ratio of 2.54 was also tops in the majors .
In addition to all of the ground balls , Pineiro also cut his walks nearly in half .
After having an impressive 2.14 BB/9 in 2008 , Pineiro posted a ridiculous 1.14 BB / 9 last year , easily the best mark in the league .
In 2008 Pineiro allowed 22 HR , a figure that was cut in half last year .
Most pitchers give up a HR on 11 percent of the fly balls they allow .
Lifetime , Pineiro ’s HR / FB rate is 11.2 percent .
In 2009 with his new pitching style , it was 6.5 percent , which tied for the seventh - lowest mark in the league .
Weaknesses
There were indications that the league was making adjustments versus Pineiro in the second half of the season .
After his two - hit shutout of the Mets in June , when they faced him again they tallied 11 hits and 7 runs ( 0 HR ) in a five - inning outing in August .
In Pineiro ’s final 12 starts of the year , he had a 4.64 ERA and allowed 8 HR in 77.2 IP .
He was still throwing lots of grounders ( 68 percent ) and his walk percentage was still outstanding ( 12 BB in 77.2 IP ) but the gopher balls changed him from dominating in the first four months of the year to below - average in the final two months .
Outlook
While the research done by R.J. Anderson indicates that Pineiro is likely to maintain his increase in ground balls , there is virtually no chance that he will keep a 6.5 percent HR / FB rate over an entire season .
When he struggled the final two months of the season , Pineiro had a 12.5 percent HR / FB mark in August and an 11.6 percent mark in September , neither one an outrageous number .
And Pineiro still had outstanding control in those two months , with a 1.39 BB /9 ratio .
He is unlikely to allow such few walks next year and combined with the greater HR rate , it has the potential for disaster .
Following the 2007 season , Pineiro signed a two - year , $ 13 million contract .
But if there was any way the Cardinals could have gotten out from under the $ 7.5 million he was due in 2009 following his 2008 season in which he posted a 5.15 ERA in 148.2 IP , they would have jumped at the chance .
It seems myopic to extend a three or four year deal to Pineiro and hope that four months of production in 2009 trumps everything else he has done in his major league career .
Vote : Was Evans right to leave Silence - Lotto ?
" Cadel brings a wealth of experience in the Grand Tours to the team , " BMC Racing Team co-owner Jim Ochowicz said in a media statement .
‘‘ Our team will have multiple chances to measure ourselves against the greatest teams in the world .
We are pleased that we will have the opportunities to send out our most successful riders , now including Cadel Evans , to tackle these challenges . ’’
As well as Evans , which is a major signing coup , BCM Racing has recently recruited former world champion Alessandro Ballan , US champion George Hincapie , Karsten Kroon and Marcus Burghardt .
A two - time Tour de France runner - up , and a disappointing 30th in the race this year , Evans said his goals were the same as ever .
" I look forward to working with a new team , in a new environment , towards my same goals ; honouring the rainbow jersey at the highest level of the sport , and ultimately at the highest step of the Tour de France podium , ’’ the Australian said .
" Obviously , I would like to do better than my two second places at the Tour de France . ’’
BCM Racing sports director John Lelangue said he believed the new team was so strong that it would gain the necessary wildcard entries to join in the biggest international races of 2010 .
" We have a plan to go to the biggest races , including the Grand Tours .
That includes the Tour de France , " he said .
" This will be possible since our sporting level has greatly increased in standard . "
As long as Man polishes stones to woo women , the diamond will rein supreme .
But diamonds are expensive and hard to find .
And teeth ?
I 've got plenty of free teeth right here .
Advertisement
By Australian silversmith Polly van der Glas , this teeth jewelry , well ... it's kind of like ivory with a touch of plaque — I mean — patina .
And the " stones " make a fashionable defensive alternative to brass knuckles .
Look , we know this stuff is horrendous .
But really , it 's only just as offensive as Kay 's latest heart crossed with lips cross with angels pendant .
So there .
[ Van Der Glas via ecoutree via inhabitat ]
Control of the Sahwa passed to Iraqi authorities last October and since January their wages - said to have been cut from $ 300 ( £ 180 ) under US leadership , to $ 100 - have been paid , often late , from the government .
According to a trusted source who 's seen it with their own eyes , the Google Phone " is a certainty . "
Advertisement
And by " Google Phone " we do n't simply mean another Android handset .
We 're talking about Google - branded hardware running a version of Android we have n't yet seen .
Advertisement
Over the next few weeks , Google Phones ( most probably in early , prototype form ) will flood the Mountain View campus .
They 'll don large LCDs while running a new version of Android — either Flan or the version of Android beyond it — which our source spotted running on Google 's handset as well as a laptop .
( Whatever the software was , it most certainly was n't Chrome OS , we were assured . )
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
But maybe the most intriguing bit is what someone said to our source offhandedly , that the current Android , the we all know and love , is not the " real " Android .
So what makes for a " real " version of Android ?
Our best guess is an Android OS with Google Voice at its heart .
Jerry Brown threatens to prosecute team that secretly taped ACORN , then secretly tapes reporters ’ phone calls
Former California Governor Jerry Brown , who is now the California Attorney General , but may again become Governor , must be dizzy from trying to keep up with his current title .
That ’s the only way to explain this strange sequence of events .
On October 2 , 2009 , the Sacramento Bee reported this story :
Attorney General Jerry Brown ’s office has opened an investigation into the controversy surrounding videos that purportedly show members of community organizing group ACORN giving advice on how to open a brothel .
In a letter to Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger dated Sept. 25 , Chief Deputy Attorney General James M. Humes said the office has “ opened an investigation of both ACORN and the circumstances under which ACORN employees were videotaped . ”
The governor had asked Brown two weeks ago to look into the incidents .
Schwarzenegger issued a statement praising Brown ’s decision to investigate .
“ I am outraged and deeply concerned by these allegations , ” the statement said .
“ If these reports are true , they warrant prosecution under the fullest extent of the law . ”
Ordinary citizens taping criminal behavior without the criminals ’ knowledge ?
Why , that ’s outrageous .
Anyone guilty of that must be prosecuted .
Except for one thing .
SFGate.com reports this two - faced turnabout by Brown ’s office :
A spokesman for Attorney General Jerry Brown acknowledged Thursday that he taped a phone conversation with a reporter for The Chronicle this week without disclosing the fact or asking permission – and admitted he has taped conversations with other news reporters .
Scott Gerber , spokesman for Brown ’s office , made the admission after the publication of a story in the newspaper that detailed consumer activist Harvey Rosenfield ’s criticisms of revisions the attorney general made to the summary of a ballot measure that deals with car insurance rates .
California Penal Code Section 632 prohibits the recording of private telephone conversations without consent , and the state is one of 12 states that require notification of all parties prior to taping .
Jim Humes , chief deputy attorney general , said in a statement to The Chronicle Thursday : “ In the future , Mr. Gerber will not tape any conversation unless all parties agree . ”
He added that Gerber has recorded “ a few other conversations ” with reporters and will contact them .
First Amendment advocates said Gerber ’s actions , whether illegal or not , reflect poorly on the office of the state ’s top legal official , Brown , who is the Democratic front - runner in the 2010 governor race .
Jerry Brown has always been nuts .
We ’re about to find out if he ’s also a hypocrite .
What are the odds ?
Source : Sacramento Bee , SFGate.com
A grave where skeletons of Africans were found in the cemetery in Campeche , Mexico .
Archaeologists have found what they think are the oldest remains of slaves brought from Africa to the New World .
The remains , in a colonial era graveyard in one of the oldest European cities in Mexico , date between the late - 16th century and the mid-17th century , not long after Columbus first set foot in the Americas .
The African origin of the slaves was determined by studying a chemical in their tooth enamel that reveals plant and rock types of their native land .
The chemical enters the body through the food chain as nutrients pass from bedrock through soil and water to plants and animals .
It is an indelible signature of birthplace , the researchers said , because it can be directly linked to the bedrock of specific locales .
Researchers examined remains of four individuals from among 180 burials found in a multiethnic burial ground associated with the ruins of a colonial church in Campeche , Mexico , a port city on the Yucatan Peninsula .
" This is the earliest documentation of the African Diaspora in the New World , " said study co-leader T. Douglas Price of University of Wisconsin - Madison .
" It does mean that slaves were brought here almost as soon as Europeans arrived . "
The discovery will be detailed in the American Journal of Physical Anthropology .
Over a span of nearly 400 years , as many as 12 million people were placed in bondage and brought across the Atlantic under horrific conditions to work , primarily , in the mines and plantations of the New World , Price and his colleagues said .
In early colonial Mexico , Campeche was an important Spanish gateway to the New World .
It served as a base for exploration and conquest and was a key defensive outpost in a region infested with pirates , the researchers say .
They think slaves from the infamous West African port of Elmina were shipped to Campeche where they may have been used as domestic servants .
The discovery of the remains of slaves born in Africa from such an early date shows that slavery became an integral aspect of the New World economy not long after the Conquistadors completed the subjugation of Mexico , Price said .
Archaeological and historical evidence , including a map of colonial Campeche , suggest the graveyard was in use from about 1550 to the late 1600s .
It was uncovered , along with the foundations of a colonial era church , in 2000 by construction workers digging around Campeche 's central park .
The site was excavated under the direction of Tiesler .
