Oddly Enough
Inventions :
This is how not to build an aircraft
Posted
Private planes are a reality for some these days - but it 's been an ( unsuccessful ) dream for many for at least a century .
T ip of the year :
Your deck can have a minimum of 30 cards ; manage your deck and customize it as soon as possible , get rid of some of the cards you do not like / use and sell them .
This way you can instantly have a better deck and some coins .
E lements is a fantasy card game online .
The player is an elemental , a spirit composed of an element ; elements are the fundamental building blocks of nature .
Each elemental has an arsenal of skills that can be used in a duel against another elemental ; each skill corresponds to a card .
The player can pick which and how many cards to use in the duel and collect them together in a card deck .
Each elemental receives 100 health points ( HP ) at the beginning of the match , the duel is over when one of the elementals reaches 0 HP or runs out of cards .
There are 3 types of cards : Creature cards :
These cards will summon a creature that will fight for the elemental ; creatures have a certain amount of attack power , health point and special skill themselves .
Spell cards : Spells have an immediate outcome ; spell cards are discarded after their effect took place .
Permanent cards : Permanents are artifacts , equipment , or any other item that will remain in play for an indefinite amount of time .
Links The Right Side of Life Dr. Kate kasinopelit netissä The Obama File Natural Born Citizen live dealer casino Federalist Blog Citizen Wells caça niquel Talk Wisdom
What happened
The Justice Department is releasing a 2004 report on CIA prisoner abuse , including new details about brutal interrogations of terrorism suspects — the CIA reportedly threatened prisoners with mock executions , handguns , and power drills .
The Justice Department declined to prosecute any cases in 2004 , but sources say its ethics office is now recommending reopening a dozen abuse cases .
( The New York Times )
What the commentators said
Attorney General Eric Holder “ will earn his salary this week , ” said Andrew Cohen in CBS News .
“ As a matter of law , there is no question about what ” he “ should do ” —using “ tactics straight out of Scarface ” violated even Bush ’s “ watered - down ” torture policies .
But “ when it comes to politics and law in Washington , ” applying the law to facts is rarely that simple .
“ Enforcing the law is an important function of government , ” said ex-CIA general counsel Jeffrey H. Smith in The Washington Post .
But the Obama administration “ also has broader responsibilities , ” and prosecuting CIA officers now " risks chilling current intelligence operations . ”
Besides , agents were told harsh “ techniques were ‘ legal ’ ” under Bush ’s “ badly flawed ” legal memos , and the CIA has already disciplined agents it thinks crossed the line .
Actually , Obama “ is said to favor dropping the matter , ” said Bobby Ghosh in Time .
But if the 2004 report shows that interrogators violated Bush ’s legal bounds , or used “ borderline torture ” before his legal team ’s “ torture memo ” was issued in 2002 , “ it may be impossible for Obama to hold off Holder ’s planned investigation . ”
And if the CIA report shows that Bush officials forced the techniques on the CIA , it was probably “ a tense weekend ” for Dick Cheney .
Proper counsel can help you to address these difficult issues and help you to avoid unnecessary expenses and emotional distress .
The lawyers and staff at Law Office of M. Kent Olsen , Attorneys and Counselors at Law , are qualified and eager to assist you with any and all estate and trust matters with the goal of providing you with a comprehensive solution to your situation .
Contact our Denver law firm to learn more about your estate planning options in Colorado .
Managers will be banned from making comments about a referee before the match , the FA has said .
Managers banned from speaking about refs before games
Managers will be banned from making comments about a referee before the match under rule changes announced by the Football Association .
Any manager who makes derogatory remarks about a match official before a game will face disciplinary action .
The FA will also toughen up on the harassment of match officials by players .
In relation to comments about referees , the FA said in a statement : " Clubs are being advised that any media comments by managers , players or any other club officials relating to appointed match officials prior to a fixture will no longer be allowed - such pre-match comments will be deemed improper and dealt with accordingly .
" Post - match comments in relation to match officials and incidents are still permitted provided they are not personal in their nature , imply bias or attack the integrity of the officials in charge of the match , or in any other respect bring the game into disrepute . "
Under other rule changes , clubs can now be charged if three or more players surround the referee in a " confrontational manner " .
Previously the charge required officials to report " harassment or intimidation " by three or more players .
Meanwhile , managers and coaches who are reported for misconduct in the technical area will now be subject to a fast - track disciplinary system taking three or four weeks - much quicker than previously when such cases could drag on for months .
When it comes to infidelity , men and women think differently .
Men usually cheat for superficial reasons .
These include the thrill of doing something forbidden and sexual attraction .
Women , on the other hand , cheat when there are serious problems in a relationship .
They try to fill the void through the affair .
Even though there are apparent and general gender - related differences , each individual and each relationship is different and has a different dynamic .
This said , the gender roles concerning infidelity have been changing throughout the years .
Traditionally , men are interested in sexual infidelity and women are interested in emotional infidelity .
There has always been a greater emotional need or tie when it comes to women and affairs , while men have been cheating primarily for sex .
This , however , is changing as more and more men are having emotional affairs , and women are having sexual ones .
The reason for this is simple : women ’s equality .
Because of this equality , men and women are working side by side in the same office .
Thus , they are building friendships that are sometimes transforming into sexual relationships .
Given the fact that they are friends first , men are having more of an emotional bond with the women .
They are not prostitutes or women they meet on a random night out and never see again .
They have already cultivated a friendship with their colleagues ; therefore , physical intimacy comes along easily if there is a need for companionship or attention .
Women involved in infidelity , however , feel like they want to enjoy their sexuality .
With gender equality and financial freedom , they are feeling liberated .
They are increasingly seeking ways to fulfill their sexual needs .
If their partners cannot fulfill their desires , they will look elsewhere .
It is not only about sex , however .
Many women feel like their husbands or partners do not give them enough attention .
They feel like their partners are attached to their work , hobbies , and friends , and that there is no place for them .
These emotions make people feel disvalued and taken for granted .
Thus , when they find someone who makes them feel wanted and special , infidelity can follow .
Women and men also differ in the ways they react to the discovery that their partner is being unfaithful .
Women usually get depressed and find ways to blame themselves for their partners ’ infidelity .
They think that they have not been good wives , or have been inadequate in other ways , and that is why they have a cheating partner .
A man , however , usually thinks that his partner cheated on him because he was lacking sexually .
Men believe that sexual dissatisfaction makes women cheat .
When women are cheated on , they blame themselves and direct their anger inwardly , while men blame other people and direct their anger outwardly .
Regardless of the gender differences , both men and women are capable of cheating .
It has devastating effects on a relationship .
However , the truth is that over time and with willingness , a couple can learn to overcome the hurt and save their relationship if that is what they truly want .
自分自身が還暦を迎え、贈り物をされお祝いの席を設けてもらったのだが、プレゼントされて感動したものがあった。感動は誰かに伝えたいと思うわけで、私の友人たちにも還暦の誕生日に贈りたいと思った商品。還暦についての豆知識はこちらのページで紹介しているので参考に。
還暦祝いのプレゼントにおすすめ
お父さん世代は最高に喜ぶと思う。
古希祝いのプレゼント向けも人気
やはりお父さん世代は最高に喜ぶと思う。
喜寿祝いの贈り 物
世代に関係なく、もらって嬉しいギフトでしょう。
If your soul hurts , just imagine that things went a little differently .
I just got back from the special wedding event that was held at the base of the 1/1 Gundam RX at Odaiba on August 25 , 2009 .
The couple was chosen out of over 500 entries by T&G wedding planners .
Both Bride and Groom have been married previously .
They said that Gundam had been a great influence on them and had brought their family close together .
When their new born daughter was born six months they named her Seira Sayla from the Gundam series .
More Photos
You can see here all of the photos from this event that I took .
Share this : Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
Feng Shui - Bring Positive Energy At Your Home Or Work Place
Feng Shui is an ancient Chinese concept that was developed over three thousand years ago .
The concept is very complex but is considered to be very effective in finding out the different ways to balance the energies in a home or some other building to assure good fortune , wealth , and health of the people residing there .
Feng Shui History
The origin of the concept of Feng Shui dates back to some five thousand years ago .
As per most established history books , it all started in the Tang dynasty in China .
Master Yang Yun Sang is one of the earliest and most famous Feng Shui names .
Different Schools Of Thoughts
The Feng Shui schools of thought have been classified in three categories - Intuitive or Modern Feng Shui Schools , Black Sect Tantric Buddhism School of Feng Shu , and the Traditional or Classical Feng Shui Schools .
The Traditional school of thought was actually two schools in the ancient times - the Compass Feng Shui School and the Landscape , or Form Feng Shui School .
It was in late nineteenth century when these two schools merged and thus came into existence the Traditional School of Feng Shui .
Master Yang Yun Sang is considered as the founder of the Landscape School of feng shui .
The Black Hat Sect Tantric Buddhist Feng Shui is more popularly referred to as BTB School .
The BTB School is a combination of Classical , Taoism , and Tibetan Buddhism Feng Shui .
Five Feng Shui Elements And Color Combinations
Water - Black and Blue
Black and Blue Metal - Gray and White
Gray and White Earth - Light Brown , Sandy / Earthy , and Light Yellow
Light Brown , Sandy / Earthy , and Light Yellow Fire - Purple , Orange , Strong Yellow , and Red
Purple , Orange , Strong Yellow , and Red Wood - Brown and Green
Feng Shui Symbols For Health & Longevity
Wu -Lou , Gourd
Lucky Bamboo
Sau - the God of Longevity
Feng Shui Symbols For Good Fortune
Sailing Ship
Golden Ingots
The Three Legged Toad
Chinese Coins
Gold Arrowana or Koi Fish
Feng Shui Symbols For Love & Marriage
Peony Flowers
The Double Happiness Sign
Mandarin Ducks
Dragon and Phoenix
How To Choose The Right Feng Shui Symbol
Choosing the right Feng Shui symbol is a very complex task .
Just having a good understanding of the basics is not sufficient enough .
In order to be able to choose the right symbol , you must be aware of the rich , culturally specific history and meaning of different symbols .
However , unlike the popular misconception , it is not necessary to apply the traditional Chinese symbols to let Feng Shui work for you .
Instead , you can use the energy of symbols that you have knowledge about - something that you emotionally respond to .
Some of the most popular Feng Shui cures include the Gods of Wealth , Chinese coins tied with a red string , wind chimes , the three - legged toads , and other such things .
The choices available to you are endless , and it is up to you to choose the most powerful feng shui energy items .
Feng Shui works because of the connection of the symbols of energy items with the subconscious level of your mind .
The stronger this connection is ; the more effective will be the feng shui application in your home or work place .
Apple Expects Google Voice App Devs To Pay Refunds Out Of Pocket
Now this is ridiculous .
Not only did Apple pull all the unofficial Google Voice apps out of the App Store for a ridiculous reason , now they expect the developers of those apps to fund refunds out of their own pockets .
One of the developers , as you remember , found out that their app had been pulled only when a user emailed them to ask the app was n’t available for purchase .
Then , they asked Apple why it was pulled , and was met with what could only be called as an absurd phone exchange .
See here for the transcript .
Now , according to an interview given to Maclife , they ’re being forced to pay for Apple ’s actions .
“ Apple made it impossible for our customers to receive the fixes , updates , and support by pulling the app .
We were fulfilling our end of the bargain .
Why should those refunds come out of our pocket ? ” says Duerr .
“ The refund issue and lack of respect for our mutual customers has further soured us on the belief that Apple cares at all about their developers … other than the dollars they bring in . ”
I hope the FCC investigation gets somebody ’s arse smacked down .
[ MacLife ]
“ He ’s given them a few minor concessions ; they ’re asking for more , such as ‘ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ’ being repealed , ” Mr. Perkins said .
“ The administration is not willing to go there , and I think there ’s a reason for that , and that is because I think the American public is n’t there . ”
Conservative Democrats have at best been unenthusiastic about efforts to push gay rights measures in Congress ; 30 Democrats voted against a bill prohibiting discrimination based on sexual orientation that passed the House in 2007 .
( It died in the Senate . )
And a half - dozen Democrats declined requests to discuss this issue , reflecting what aides called the complicated politics surrounding it .
Still , there are signs that the issue is not as pressing or toxic as it once was .
“ I do n’t think it ’s the political deal - breaker it once was , ” said Dave Saunders , a southern Virginia Democratic consultant who has advised Democrats running for office in conservative rural areas .
“ Most people out here really do n’t care because everybody has gay friends . ”
Interviews with gay leaders suggest a consensus that there has been nothing short of a cultural transformation in the space of just a few years , even if it is reflected more in the evolving culture of the country than in the body of its laws .
“ The diminution of the homophobia has been as important a phenomena as anything we ’ve seen in the last 15 years , ” said Representative Barney Frank , Democrat of Massachusetts , who is gay .
Democrats now control the White House and both houses of Congress for the first time since 1994 , increasing the chances of legislative action .
Mr. Frank said that over the next two years , he expected Congress to overturn the ban on gay service in the military , pass legislation prohibiting discrimination against hiring gay workers , and extend the hate - crime bill to crimes involving gay couples .
Image Performers from Broadway and beyond commemorated the anniversary of the Stonewall riots on Thursday in Times Square .
Credit ... Chris Hondros / Getty Images
There is also an emerging generational divide on gay issues  younger Americans tend to have more liberal positions  that has fueled what pollsters said was a measurable liberalization in views on gay rights over the past decade .
Reader poll Pravda is offering an entertaining insight into just what Russians consider must - haves for the forthcoming century – a list which naturally includes flying cars , cheap space travel and the elixir of eternal youth .
A poll by the Russian National Centre for Public Opinion Studies asked the unwashed masses what they considered the most important advance of the last 100 years , and what was on their wishlist for the next 100 .
Space travel topped mankind 's achievement last century , while the computer attracted 14 per cent of the vote .
Mobile phones , TV and the internet scored eight per cent each .
Predictable enough , but here 's what people really want :
Alternative fuel – 34 per cent Bioartificial organs – 33 per cent Medicines for all illnesses and diseases – 21 per cent Artificial intelligence – 16 per cent Space flights available to everyone – 14 per cent Flying cars – 13 per cent Light - speed vehicles – 11 per cent Ability to read other people ’s thoughts – 7 per cent Perpetuum mobile , human immortality , elixir of eternal youth – 6 per cent each Time machine – 5 per cent Teleportation – 3 per cent
No , we have no idea * what a “ perpetuum mobile ” is either , but if it ’s some kind of robobutler like we were promised back in the 1950s , then we ’ll take two .
And while we 're waiting for our perpetuum mobile , why do n't we find out just how our beloved El Reg readers ’ desires compare to those of the man on the Moscow omnibus ?
Onwards towards a brighter future ...
Ability to read other people ’s thoughts
Alternative fuel
Artificial intelligence
Bioartificial organs
Elixir of eternal youth
Flying cars
Human immortality
Light - speed vehicles
Medicines for all illnesses and diseases
Perpetuum mobile
Space flights available to everyone
Teleportation
Time machine Bootnote
You do n’t need to bother an abacus to see that the Russian National Centre for Public Opinion Studies ’ poll adds up to more than 100 per cent , meaning that some greedy Russkies want flying cars , teleporters and time machines , and an indefinite lifespan in which to enjoy them .
Bootnote 2
* What 's the matter with you commentards today - weather too hot for you ?
Yes , we kind of worked out what " perpetuum mobile " means , but then we thought we'd ...
No , it really is too hot to spell it out .
The pub calls , methinks ...
Yeah I have noticed that and then those on the right try to compare the two as if they were the same and they are not .
Like it or not just because someone is a right wing conservative does n't automatically make their behavior patriotic anymore than being a left wing liberal makes their behavior unpatriotic ...
It is one of the more idiotic analogies to come from the right in years yet they love it .
I said on another thread that a society that thinks it needs to be armed to the teeth all the time is unhealthy and at least one called me stalinist for saying that but think about it ... what is more healthy ...
A society that is armed to the teeth and paranoid about everyone and everything
Or a society that is secure and comfortable enough about its place in the world that they do n't feel the need to be so heavily armed ?
I give you Canada ... New Zeeland ... Iceland ... Norway and Sweden ... Japan etc .
Whereas the United States has become a muddled armed paranoid mess .
NEW DELHI : In what is seen as a clear violation of protocol , former President APJ Abdul Kalam , who is exempt from security checks , was treated like an ordinary passenger and frisked by the ground staff of American airliner Continental Airlines at the Indira Gandhi International Airport ( IGI ) on April 24 , 2009 at the insistence of the company 's American boss .
The former President was on his way to Newark on Continental Airlines Flight CO 083 .
( Watch )
Kalam was reportedly forced to wait on the aerobridge even as the airlines security personnel debated whether to put him under the security scanner or not .
Kalam was asked to surrender before the security officials for a complete body check and remove his footwear as well .
However , the Continental Airlines defended the same saying that it was a regular security check as the policy of the company is to frisk everyone .
They also went on to add that there is no special rule for VIP or VVIPs .
" He had to go through the entire security check because it is our policy to frisk everyone .
This is the policy Continental Airlines follows over the world .
There is no special rule for VIP or VVIP .
In fact , Kalam was very cooperative and underwent the entire process which happened over a month ago , " said the public relations officer of Continental Airlines .
The civil aviation ministry has ordered a probe into the incident .
Minister Praful Patel said that corrective measures will be taken if anyone is found wrong .
He added , " We will ask for correction action from the airline and in case they are proven wrong , we will ask them to tender and apology . "
Any airline operating in India is given a set of guidelines , which includes the point that our presidents and former presidents are on the VIP list and are exempted from security checks - let alone frisking .
This kind of an incident is not one of a kind .
There have been instances where Indian VIPs have been treated shabbily at foreign airports .
Earlier , Pranab Mukherjee was forced to undergo security checks at the ceremonial lounge in the Moscow airport in 2008 , while he was on his way back to India .
QnA : Are we over - reacting to the airport frisking episode ?
Original title Πολιτεία Politeia
Alternative titles Information from the Dutch Common Knowledge .
Edit to localize it to your language .
Het bestel
Original publication date
Important events
Related movies
Epigraph
Dedication
First words I went down yesterday to the Piraeus with Glaucon , son of Ariston , that I might offer up my prayers to the goddess , and also because I wanted to see in what manner they would celebrate the festival , which was a new thing .
( Benjamin Jowett 's translation )
The main question to be answered in the Republic is :
What does Justice mean , and how can it be realized in human society ?
[ tr. Cornford ]
Quotations ... justice is keeping what is properly one 's own and doing one 's own job .
( Desmond Lee translation ) ... the state whose prospective rulers come to their duties with least enthusiasm is bound to have the best and most tranquil government and the state whose rulers are eager to rule the worst .
( Desmond Lee translation ) ... no one who had not exceptional gifts could grow into a good man unless he were brought up from childhood in a good environment and trained in good habits .
Democracy ... sweeps all this away and does n't mind what the habits and background of its politicians are ; provided they profess themselves the people 's friends , they are duly honored .
( Desmond Lee translation ) ... an excessive desire for liberty at the expense of everything else is what undermines democracy and leads to the demand for tyranny .
( Desmond Lee translation ) ... all the poets from Homer downwards have no grasp of truth but merely produce a superficial likeness of any subject they treat , including human excellence .
( Desmond Lee translation ) show all 6 items )
What is at stake is far from insignificant : it is how one should live one 's life .
Last words
So we shall be at peace with the gods and with ourselves , both in our life here and when , like the victors in the games collecting their prizes , we receive our reward ; and both in this life and in the thousand - year journey which I have described , all will be well with us .
( Click to show .
Warning : May contain spoilers . )
Then we shall be at peace with Heaven and with ourselves , both during our sojourn here and when , like victors in the Games collecting gifts from their friends , we receive the prize of justice ; and so , not here only , but in the journey of a thousand years of which I have told you , we shall fare well .
[ tr. Cornford ]
( Click to show .
Warning : May contain spoilers . )
Disambiguation notice
The original Ancient Greek title was ' Πολιτεία ' , though most editions in the original Classical Greek have the Latin title , ' Respublica ' .
Neither should be combined with this translated entry ( Modern Greek editions should be here , however ) .
Publisher 's editors
Blurbers
Original language Greek
If you ’re a child of the 70s then your early / teenage years ( what you can remember of them you damn hippy ) will mean your memories might consist of Blake ’s 7 and Mork and Mindy .
But if you ’re like us , then most of your quality memories will be from the 80s .
It ’s not the children of the 70s who are having their precious memories constantly abused , it ’s ours .
OK we feel your pain over the Charlie ’s Angels movie and Starsky and Hutch was just plain wrong , but if you think those movies were tough , think again .
We ’re tired of our childhoods being Hollywood ’s fodder and turned into trash .
And it ’s not just movies of our memories ; our toys , our cartoons and our lives are being molested by the Hollywood machine .
The abuse started in the 80s and continues up to today where nothing is sacred anymore .
GI Joe is the latest memory to be sacrificed , followed closely by Transformers 2 and we are sick of it .
So we ’ve compiled a list of things from our childhood that Hollywood has abused .
Things that have been sullied , things that have wiped the smile off of our inner child ’s sweet , innocent face .
After filmmakers have had their way , things like hugs and puppies that may as well be anthrax and razor blades .
Now show me on the doll where Hollywood touched you .
BOARD GAMES
Ever sat in a circle on the floor with your family and played a board game ?
We ’ve all got fond memories of classic board games like Cluedo , Snakes and Ladders and Monopoly .
Even if some of us were constantly made to use the piece shaped like an iron we still look back with affection .
However after Jumanji came out it all changed .
How can you appreciate the thrill of your competitor landing on the Go To Jail square when in the movie the characters were chased by monkeys and crocodiles ?
They do n’t even compare .
Suddenly , the thought of a Sunday evening playing Guess
Who with the folks seemed so bloody boring that it ’s at this point we started underage binge drinking in the local park .
It carried on with Zathura , Jumanji ’s space based twin movie , where instead of animals there were asteroids attacking the unlucky players .
Look at this !
Do you really think getting a hotel on Mayfair in Monopoly looked any good after this !?
Superman Movies
They may not have had the best effects and sometimes the stories were a bit iffy , but you ca n’t deny that the early Superman movies were , in a word , awesome .
They may have fallen by the way side as they went on but they ’re still better than the more recent , Superman Returns .
After much consideration , we still ca n’t put our finger on what it is that makes us hate it so much , it ’s more of a general loathing .
Maybe it was the total misunderstanding of our favourite tight wearing superhero .
We ’re not sure what happened to Bryan Singer ; he directed the best of the X - Men series , X2 , and then followed it with this pile of crap .
He put a pretty boy in a cape and made him fly around stopping bullets with his eyeballs .
Christopher Reeve is Superman and there shall be no more discussion .
Reeve even saw fit to bless
Smallville , having appeared in a few episodes .
But Brandon Routh ?
Seriously ?
Even this Superman is better than Singer’s .
CLOWNS AND CIRCUSES
Of course we have no proof of our theory , because we do n’t know anyone over 100 years old who is n’t senile , but we ’re sure that before films , clowns were funny .
If you ’ve seen Stephen King ’s IT then you understand where we ’re coming from .
Some of you might lay the blame at Stephen King ’s feet for writing the book first .
Well we do n’t .
You have to read the whole book to find it scary , but with a film , you just have to see that one still to be scarred for life .
We were hardly given a chance , were we ?
If there ’s one movie that had us rocking ourselves to sleep each night , it ’s IT ; there ’s hardly an equal to the terrifying Pennywise .
Not only did he brutally murder children , his balloon animals were rubbish .
But IT is n’t the only movie out there .
Killer Clowns From Outer Space .
Name says it all really , does n’t it ?
Not only are they clowns , they ’re aliens .
All we needed was them being secret mummy / werewolf hybrids and then we would have been in therapy at least 3 months earlier .
STAR WARS
Where do we begin ?
We thought George Lucas loved us .
We thought he respected us .
We thought he ’d call us back in the morning to tell us that he had a good time last night .
Lucas , like most men with white beards , was a huge let down .
And yes , we include Father Christmas in that remark .
However we do n’t include Obi Wan Kenobi ; he was always there for us .
George broke our hearts when he made the prequels to Star Wars ; it was like a betrayal , like everything we ’d been through together just was n’t good enough .
These were the movies that inspired rational people to call themselves real life Jedi for Crhists ’s sake .
The Phantom Menace was God-awful for many reasons and it ca n’t be laid entirely Jar - Jar ’s feet .
As the prequels went on , we became more and more driven to drive a plush teddy or toy lightsaber down Lucas ’ throat .
Hayden Christensen will never be Darth Vader .
Never .
And two words : CGI Yoda .
I want a wise , old , green little Buddha , not an Olympic gymnast .
Robot Chicken have done some spoofs on the matter and they ’re as funny as Lucas ’ attempt to recreate his 70s success .
Here ’s French and Saunder ’s having a bash at it .
ANIMALS AND PETS
Unfortunately , animal movies tend to be the biggest tearjerkers and we can prove it with one word .
Bambi .
Pets are very important to children and to have something happen to one in real life is bad enough , but to see it on the big screen is almost cruel .
There have been so many times we have cried like 5 year olds because a film showed an animal being separated from its family or losing its parent .
I mean Jesus , we were just kids .
It seemed for a while that as far as parent loss goes , Disney made it their specialty .
The Lion King and Bambi are the classic examples but Dumbo ’s in there as well .
Watership
Down meant girls hugged their pet rabbits till they suffocated after seeing this .
But I ’m actually crying as I ’m writing about Littlefoot ’s mother ’s death scene in Universal ’s , The Land Before Time .
And no , we do n’t care that you ca n’t have dinosaurs for pets .
Old Yeller may be for a slightly older generation but the kid has to shoot HIS OWN DOG .
What the hell people ?!
How much more traumatic can you get ?
We started watching our pets more carefully after that , constantly checking them for signs of rabies .
We hope you ’ve got a Kleenex handy because here ’s the scene from The Neverending Story .
You know which one .
DOLLS AND PUPPETS
If you ’re a girl , then chances are you had a china doll when you were young .
If you were a boy , then chances are you had seen a bootleg copy of Chucky and were terrified of your sister ’s china doll .
Voodoo , possession and down right spookiness ; dolls are n’t as wanted by little girls as they used to be and we ’re going to blame the movies .
And Chucky is n’t the only one who scared the bejesus out of us .
Dolly Dearest had us selling our dolls at car boot sales and Dead Silence made us take scissors to our marionettes .
Even Thunderbirds started to look creepier and creepier ; Parker especially .
They did claw some respectability back with Team America but by that time the damage had been done .
There was even an episode of Buffy called ‘ The Puppet Show ’ that featured a possessed ventriloquist ’s doll .
We warn you that this clip is actually pretty scary , so watching through your fingers is advised .
Emily Moulder
Why not check our Top Ten Fake Trailers and get geeky with it .
Or how about some child - unfriendly animation in our Cartoons You ’d Never Want Your Kids Watching list .
Welcome to the world of surprising patent lawsuits .
A Texas judge ruled Tuesday that Microsoft cannot sell Word - yes , Microsoft Word , the cornerstone of Microsoft Office - in the United States .
Toronto - based i4i
Inc won an injunction against Microsoft regarding the company 's XML patents .
In the words of i4i , the injunction " prohibits Microsoft from selling or importing to the United States any Microsoft Word products that have the capability of opening .XML , .DOCX or DOCM files ( XML files ) containing custom XML " .
Microsoft has been given 60 days to comply , reports Seattle PI .
The injunction reads :
Microsoft Corporation is hereby permanently enjoined from performing the following actions with Microsoft Word 2003 , Microsoft Word 2007 , and Microsoft Word products not more than colorably different from Microsoft Word 2003 or Microsoft Word 2007 ( collectively “ Infringing and Future Word Products ” ) during the term of U.S. Patent No. 5,787,449 : 1 . selling , offering to sell , and / or importing in or into the United States any Infringing and Future Word Products that have the capability of opening a .XML , .DOCX , or .DOCM file ( “ an XML file ” ) containing custom XML ; 2 . using any Infringing and Future Word Products to open an XML file containing custom XML ; 3 . instructing or encouraging anyone to use any Infringing and Future Word Products to open an XML file containing custom XML ; 4 . providing support or assistance to anyone that describes how to use any infringing and Future Word Products to open an XML file containing custom XML ; and 5 .
testing , demonstrating , or marketing the ability of the Infringing and Future Word Products to open an XML file containing custom XML .
This injunction does not apply to any of the above actions wherein the Infringing and Future Word Products open an XML file as plain text .
Needless to say , Microsoft wo n't pull
Word off the market .
The company has said it plans to appeal , and i4i actually sells XML products for Word , making that company reliant on the ecosystem .
An agreement will be reached : probably one involving Microsoft signing a big check .
A photo of Brazilian president Lula da Silva and Pirate Bay ’s spokesman Peter Sunde has been doing the rounds on the blogosphere , together with a video in which for the first time the president publicly criticized the Digital Crimes Bill .
Initially proposed in 2005 by Brazilian senator Eduardo Azeredo and now under consideration in the Senate , the legislation deals not only with copyright issues , but would also punish for up to three years behind bars anything considered “ a dangerous online activity ” – from unknowingly spreading a virus to sharing illicit files online .
In a symbolic display of support for Free Open Source Software , Lula brought relief and hope to Brazilian cyber- activists attending the International Free Software Forum ( FISL ) saying : “ the Internet must remain free ” , “ in our government , it is forbidden to forbid ” , “ I consider this bill a type of censorship ” and “ freedom is the source of creativity ” .
Open Source Initiative provides the English translation of the president 's address at the International Free Software Forum ( FISL ) .
Self - confessed geek Júlio Câmara [ pt ] calls the president 's visit political marketing and concludes that Lula said what everyone wanted to hear :
A início do controle da segurança do presidente , próximo ao meio dia , decretou o final do terceiro dia de fórum para os participantes .
A área onde estavam a maioria dos estandes teve o acesso restrito a poucas pessoas , o resto do pessoal teve de optar por ficar embolado na multidão na área livre ou sair pela cidade .
Embora tenha causado tantos tanstornos , Lula conseguiu cativar vários participantes do FISL , alguns até divulgaram materiais com a frase “ O Lula é nerd ” .
Para conquistar os eleitores geeks , Lula bateu na cara da Microsoft defendendo o uso de Software Livre e detonou o projeto de Lei do senador Azeredo , classificando o projeto como censura na internet
Security for the arrival of the president , near noon , marked the end of the third day of the forum for the participants .
The area where most of the stalls were placed was restricted to a few people , the rest had to choose between remaining in the overcrowded free area or leaving for the city .
Although Lula caused much trouble , he managed to please several FISL participants , some of them even handed out banners with the phrase “ Lula is a nerd . ”
To win the geeks ’ sympathy , Lula gave Microsoft a slap in the face advocating the use of free software and criticized Senator Azeredo 's Bill , describing the project as censorship on the Internet
Despite the chaos that the security apparatus surrounding the president 's visit brought to the event , Filipe Saraiva [ pt ] says his presence was positive , but he wants to see real action to prevent the law from being passed :
Agora , vamos esperar que o presidente não fique apenas no discurso .
Muitos pediram que ele vetasse a lei , caso aprovada ; porém , isso gera um fato complicado de se lidar .
Ainda existe a possibilidade que os partidos políticos possam fazer um movimento para barrar a aprovação da lei ainda nos plenários .
Enquanto isso , os movimentos continuam fazendo pressão .
Não esqueça de assinar a petição contra o Projeto Azeredo .
Já são quase 150.000 assinaturas .
Now , we expect more than words from the president .
Many asked him to veto the bill , if it is approved , but this creates a complicated issue to handle .
There is still the possibility that political parties make a move to prevent the bill being passed in the congress .
Meanwhile , organizations carry on applying pressure .
Do not forget to sign the petition against Azeredo 's Bill .
Almost 150,000 have already done so .
The main goal of President Lula 's participation in this special 10th anniversary of the International Free Software Forum , attended for the first time by a head of state , was to promote the coming launch of its own social media strategy and the Blog do Planalto .
Planalto Palace is the house of the Federal Executive Power , but the blog has also been dubbed Blog do Lula on the blogosphere , despite the fact that a group of bloggers and not the president himself will provide content .
The blog will run on WordPress using open source software and aims at a share of the population that have the Internet as their main source of information .
To test the waters , the government has set up a consultation form , an initiative that has been welcomed by the blogosphere .
The deadline for participation is July 7th , and at the end , there will be a few choices of layout with bloggers and netcitizens again invited to voice their opinions , this time casting a vote for the template of their choice .
Afinsophia [ pt ] helps to get the word out :
E como mais uma evidência de um outro entendimento do que é comunicação social que carrega este governo , não compactuando com as forças reacionárias tradicionais , a chamada mídia sequelada , convida os internautas a participar da confecção do blogue .
Desde o conteúdo até os softwares de código aberto que irão compor o portal , tudo será decidido em um fórum virtual , com participação livre .
É o entendimento do público transbordando nas ondas virtuais da rede , a partir do entendimento democrático da comunicação social do governo federal .
As further evidence of this government 's different understanding of what social media is , free of the traditional reactionary forces known as big media , they have invited Internet users to participate in the making of the blog .
From content to the open source software on which the website will run , everything will be decided in an online forum , open for everyone 's participation .
It is the government 's understanding of the public overflowing into the virtual waves of the web through its own democratic understanding of social media .
If there have been attempts to ban blogs from the debate in past elections in the country , the arrival of Blog do Planalto will mark a change in the trend and mentality .
J. Neto [ pt ] also points out that , however , as announced in the pre-launch , the blog will not be open to comments to begin with , which he considers a big mistake :
Com a intenção de ter uma aproximação maior com o público jovem das redes sociais e , visando as eleições do próximo ano ( 2010 ) , o blog do presidente Lula deverá estar pronto até o final deste mês .
E , semelhante a estratégia já adotada por Barack Obama nas eleições americanas , Lula também terá um canal no YouTube e no Twitter para interagir .
(…) Agora , uma pergunta curiosa : Qual a vantagem de ter um blog se ele não aceita comentários ( feedbacks ) ?
With the intention of getting much closer to the young audience user of social media and , with an eye on the elections next year ( 2010 ) , President Lula 's blog should be ready by the end of month .
And , similar to the strategy adopted by Barack Obama in the U.S. elections , Lula will also have an interactive channel on YouTube and Twitter .
(…)
Now , a curious question :
What is the advantage of having a blog that is not open for comments ( feedback ) ?
The International Free Software Forum ( FISL ) is an annual event sponsored by Brazilian NGO , the Free Software Association , that takes place every year in Porto Alegre , this year attracting around 8,000 people from 24th through 27th June [ pt ] .
A collection of news , twitter reactions and blog posts about the event , mostly in Portuguese , can be read here .
As previously reported by Global Voices , the protest has now left the blogosphere and entered the streets and a series of demonstrations against The Digital Crimes Bill [ pt ] , also known as Azeredo 's Bill , have taken place in past weeks in several Brazilian cities , the most recent during the first week of July in Rio de Janeiro and Vitoria .
Tales of Monkey Island Float to WiiWare on Monday
Revealed today by TellTale ’s blog , Tales of Monkey Island is indeed coming to WiiWare this Monday , July 27th .
The first game in the new episodic series is set to make its console debut and is sure to be the reason many a Nintendo - owner fires up their Wii on Mooooonday .
Chiming in at 1000 Wii Points ( $ 10 ) we can say that it ’s sure worth every penny .
Telltale is doing a fantastic job of supporting the Wii’s WiiWare service , releasing Strong Bad ’s Cool Game for Attractive People last year .
This entry was posted on Thursday , August 27th , 2009 at 12:00 am and is filed under Chapter 1 , Comic Pages .
Use My Account to find your past orders .
We have the same great service , ease of ordering , and the best prices .
Plus , you ’ll find many new templates to make your custom mat stand out !
The latest US missile defence test was deemed a ' success ' by the Pentagon as tensions continue with North Korea over their country 's missile programme .
A short - range ballistic missile was fired from the Pacific Missile Range Facility on the island of Kauai and was shot down by a three - stage interceptor missile from a destroyer , the USS Hopper .
This video was distributed to the APTN news agency by the Pentagon and has not been independently verified
Man uses 1800s technology to run car on trash Connecticut
In this photo taken Tuesday , June 9 , 2009 , Dave Nichols gets behind the wheel of his 1989 Ford F150 pickup truck that he has converted to use wood as a fuel , in Killingly , Conn .
The technology is called gasification , and it's been around since the 1800s , when it was used for street lamps and cooking .
It even powered some vehicles during World War II , but faded away under oil 's dominance .
( AP Photo / Bob Child ) less
In this photo taken Tuesday , June 9 , 2009 , Dave Nichols gets behind the wheel of his 1989 Ford F150 pickup truck that he has converted to use wood as a fuel , in Killingly , Conn .
The technology is called ... more Photo : Bob Child , AP Photo : Bob Child , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Man uses 1800s technology to run car on trash 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
From the first time he saw Emmett " Doc " Brown fire up the Mr. Fusion home energy reactor in the " Back to the Future " movies , Dave Nichols has always wanted to make a vehicle run on garbage .
Two decades after the trilogy , the 42 - year - old homebuilder and auto shop owner from eastern Connecticut is n't traveling through time in a DeLorean , yet .
But he 's modified his 1989 Ford F150 pickup truck to run on wood , leaves , cardboard and other " biomass " with a fuel system that he says expels virtually no pollution .
The technology is called gasification , and it's been around since the 1800s , when it was used for street lamps and cooking .
It even powered some vehicles during World War II , but faded away under oil 's dominance .
Nichols and others say reviving gasification , which can also heat and power homes , has exciting possibilities , from reducing dependence on foreign oil to cutting pollution .
" It 's a simple science from 130 years ago that can be used today to solve all of our problems ... and it runs on potentially free fuel , " Nichols said .
" This type of technology has to be developed , and it has to be developed now . "
Gasification projects have been sprouting up across the country .
Others have also built car gasification systems , including a team in California that has a video on YouTube showing its modified Honda Accord .
Middlebury College in Vermont fired up its biomass heating and power plant last December .
The new interest in gasification comes as President Obama presses to double the nation 's use of renewable energy over the next three years , with $ 15 billion a year to be spent to develop solar power , wind power , advanced biofuels , fuel - efficient cars and other technologies .
Gasification works by heating organic materials to high temperatures without flames .
The resulting chemical reactions produce a hydrogen - hydrocarbon gas mixture in vapor form that is almost as potent as gasoline , Nichols said .
His pickup truck appears to run like any other and easily reached 40 mph and above on local roads , but it has no gas tanks .
Nichols says he can get it up to more than 80 mph .
The only noticeable difference is a contraption , right behind the cab 's rear window , that takes up some of the back and looks somewhat like a woodstove .
A metal barrel , where the heating occurs , extends just above the cab 's roof .
The gas is captured from the barrel and a vacuum system sucks it through piping that runs under the truck to the engine .
Nichols says he 's driven it 10,000 miles without gas , including a trip about three months ago when he loaded up the back with about 400 pounds of wood and drove about 600 miles across Connecticut , then to New Hampshire and Boston before returning home .
A pound of wood or other material will fuel his truck for 1 to 2 miles , meaning that the truck costs about 8 cents a mile to fuel , compared with roughly 19 cents per mile if it used gasoline at today 's prices .
" This is real .
This is no game , " said Nichols , who lives in town with his wife and two daughters , ages 15 and 11 .
" The mechanics at the garage thought I was crazy .
They 're not laughing anymore . "
He started the project about seven years ago , after reading an instruction book about lamp gas technology in the 1800s .
Nichols has been trying to perfect the system ever since , with a few stumbles along the way , and says he 's close .
One of the final parts is an electronic system that would allow drivers to push a button , instead of having to start it with a propane torch as Nichols does now .
He 's applied for a federal grant to help with the electronic system and other improvements .
Nichols , a thin , mustachioed man whose hands are very active when he talks , had the " reactor " filled with slicked log pieces about 5 inches in diameter and 1 to 2 inches thick .
That 's where the gasification starts .
The organic materials in the reactor are exposed to extreme heat , which breaks them down into vapor gases .
Then a startup vacuum system ( using an old wet - and - dry shop vac ) is turned on to get the gases flowing to the engine .
The temperature inside the reactor reaches over 2,000 degrees , but the gas cools to about 150 degrees about 5 feet from the reactor .
Passengers in the pickup 's cab do n't feel the warmth .
Gases are drawn from the reactor by the vacuum at first , and later the engine itself .
The gases are pulled through pipes and filters to cool and clean them , and they end up at about air temperature when they reach the engine 's air intake .
The startup process takes a few minutes .
Nichols says the hydrogen - hydrocarbon gas mixture is then mixed with air in the intake manifold , then goes into the cylinders just like gasoline and is ignited to power the engine .
He says the only thing he did to the engine was take off the air filter and hook up the gasification system to the air intake valves .
" It 's a complicated version of easy , " Nichols said .
The end products of the process are a little bit of ash , carbon dioxide and water , he said .
He also claims there 's little or no carbon footprint .
Nichols has started a company , 21st Century Motor Works , to work on and market gasification systems , but does n't have a patent yet .
Larry Baxter , a chemical engineering professor at Brigham Young University in Utah , said gasification for vehicles is a scientifically proven process , but it has several drawbacks that have prevented commercial success .
One of those problems , he said , is that the process typically produces particles and other materials that can damage engines .
Another is that people would have to be loading up their cars and trucks with wood or other materials , making it impractical .
And , he says , the technology is really not much better for the environment .
" It 's fantastic people are doing these kinds of things , but they 'll never be more than a niche or novelty , " Baxter said .
" It 's a scientifically sound but practically difficult process .
It would be wrong to think of these as efficient or practical . "
Nichols disagrees , saying he 's found a way to produce a clean - burning fuel .
He says the technology could save people thousands of dollars a year in gasoline , electricity and heating costs .
" This could be Obama 's ultimate stimulus package , " he said .
Nichols said he eventually wants to patent his reactor core , but his focus right now is educating the public and getting a product out on the market .
He also wants to build a smaller version of the vehicle fueling system , so it could be more practical for cars .
" Now if I could get a hold of a DeLorean , " Nichols said .
The Legend of FacilityFocus
An Underground Guide
for College House Residents
These are some strictly unofficial suggestions , for residents of the College Houses at Penn , about how to win at Facility Focus , the new interactive adventure game system for entering repair requests .
If you 've got a repair emergency , forget the rest of these instructions : just call 215-898-7208 .
And these instructions are ONLY for repairs in the College House system .
For a problem anywhere else on campus , see your building administrator .
Penn has contracted with an outside supplier , Maximus , to provide a Penn - specific version of the Facility Focus software .
This provides wonderful new functions for automation and integration and tracking -- but from the point of view of a College House resident trying to get a light - switch fixed or a sink unclogged , the Maximus web interface is not exactly user - friendly .
In fact , you can win only if you know which screens to visit in which order , which fields to fill out and which to ignore , which secret codes to use , and so on .
If you 've ever played a game like The Legend of Zelda , you know the general concept .
And if you have n't -- well , good luck , you 're about to find out !
Should you get stuck trying to carry them out these instructions , ask your RSA ( Residential Sorcerer 's Apprentice ) to help you .
If you do n't know how to find your RSA , ask at the Information Center for your College House .
Finally , please approach this process with patience and understanding : FacilityFocus is a particularly complex and difficult game , and you 'll need a cool head as well as mad skillz to beat it .
1. Once Over Lightly
If you 've done this before and just need a refresher -- or if you 're brave enough to think you can beat Facility Focus with no more than a few hints -- here 's the executive summary :
Go to the Penn Portal and click on FacilityFocus Maintenance Request .
Click on Customer Request Click on Insert ( without entering anything in the text boxes )
Fill out the " Customer Request Insert Form " , using the correct code for Building and Location .
Click Save
2. Finding Maximus
OK , that did n't work .
You did n't really think it would , did you ?
Now pay attention , and we 'll have you through the final screen in just a few minutes .
Your first challenge is to get to the Maximus Facility Focus web interface .
You can't go there directly -- you need to start at the Penn Portal .
Look in the section called Residential Information , and click on the link labelled FacilityFocus Maintenance Request , as per the green ellipse in the picture .
( Sorry , I can't provide you with this link directly -- it can only be activated from the Penn Portal page . )
You 'll be asked to authenticate yourself , using your PennKey and password .
If you succeed , you might get the Maximum Facility Focus screen .
And then again , you might not -- if your browser is blocking pop-up windows .
Since many browsers do block pop-ups , there 's a good chance that you 'll run into trouble at this point .
If you 're using Firefox , go to Preferences > > Content , click on Exceptions , and add medley.isc-seo.upenn.edu to the list of web sites allowed to open popup windows .
( If you run into trouble with other browsers , ask your local ITA . )
Now go back to the Penn Portal and try clicking FacilityFocus Maintenance Request again .
You should see a screen that looks like this :
OK , you might think that since you want to request work , you should click " Work Request " .
But DON'T !
That will lead you off into a series of twisty little passages , all alike , where you 'll be eaten by goblins .
Instead , DO click on " Customer Request " .
That 's because you 're a customer , and you have a work request .
( No ! do n't click on " Work Request " !
Remember the goblins ! )
2. Getting past the Customer Request Search page
Clicking on " Customer Request " should get you to a screen that looks like this :
You may be tempted to fill out some of the 23 temptingly - empty text boxes on this screen , with information like e-Mail ( that 's easy ) and " Desired Date " ( that one 's a little personal , do n't you think ? )
-- BUT DON'T !
This is a search screen , and you 've got nothing to search for yet , since you have n't actually gotten your work request into the system .
Yes , I know that it says " Search Criteria Required ! " at the top of the screen , in red letters , with an exclamation point .
But that 's just to fool you into thinking that search criteria are required .
In fact , the only thing that 's required ( or even permitted ! ) for you to do at this point is to click on the large button labelled " Insert " at the top of the page :
This does n't actually insert anything ; but it will bring you to the screen you really want to get to , the " Customer Request Insert " screen , where all the hot Customer Request Inserting action is .
3. Filling out the Customer Request Insert page
You should be looking at a screen that looks like this :
You should fill the text boxes out from from left to right and from top to bottom , as described below .
Except DON'T fill out the topmost leftmost box , " Reference No " .
That number will be assigned by somebody else , later in the process .
At this point , there 's nothing that you can put here that will do anything except confuse people , so leave it blank .
You might as well get used to the fact that in Facility Focus , as in life , there 's a certain amount of stuff that you just do n't know .
3a . Filling out " Contact " , " Phone " and " e- Mail "
The next box down , " Contact " , is you .
Put your full name there .
Below that is " Phone " .
Put your phone number there .
It 's quite possible that someone will call this number to request additional information , so it 's a good idea to put a number where someone is likely to be able to reach you during the day .
To the right is " e- Mail " .
I bet you can handle that one .
But do n't get cocky , because here 's where it starts to get hard .
3b . The " Problem " , " Diagnosis " , and " Description " fields
Over on the left , below " Phone " , is " Problem " .
The little magnifying - glass icon means that this is a field where you 're supposed to choose from a list of alternatives .
If you click on the magnifying glass , you 'll get a new menu that looks like this :
Change the " Rows displayed per page " menu at the bottom to 20 , and you 'll see the whole list :
Trust in God , and do your best to make a sensible choice .
The good people in Facilities will sort it all out eventually , but it will help them to send the right kind of people out the first time , if your choice of Problem Code is close to the official designation for your problem .
( We 'll add more specific advice here as we get experience with what these codes are meant to mean , and with the consequences of possible misunderstandings . )
One helpful hint : " HVAC " means " Heating , Ventilation and Air Conditioning " .
Now move on to the " Diagnosis " field , and click on the magnifying - glass icon .
What you see depends on what code you put in the " Problem " field .
( That 's why you should fill the form out from top to bottom and left to right ! )
For example , if you put in Problem code 006 , " Clogs " , you 'll see this diagnostic screen :
On the other hand , if you put in Problem Code 005 , " Lighting " , you 'll get this diagnostic screen :
The questions are just suggestions , and the answers are free text fields .
So if you want to give an answer that is n't one of the suggested alternatives -- say if there 's a light out in your bedroom -- go ahead and type it in .
And if you do n't understand what the question means , or you do n't know the answer , it 's OK to say that too .
Once you 've done your best with the Diagnostic Question and Answer , hit " Save " to return to the Customer Request Insert page .
Now fill out the " Description " field .
It 's free text , so just describe what 's wrong , briefly and accurately .
3 c . The " Building " field
This is where it starts to get really fun .
If you click on the magnifying glass by the " Building " field , you 'll get this pop - up window ( helpfully labelled " Property Lookup " in order to make sure that you understand that it's the start of a list of 186 possible " Building Codes " ) :
Now , you could change the " Rows displayed per page " to 500 , and see all 186 options on one screen -- but a better choice would be to look up your building in the ( not - so - ) secret decoder table below , and enter its code via the keyboard .
Note that some college houses involve more than one building code , while the whole Quad -- three college houses and 40 building names -- is just one building code ( 0490 ) .
Du Bois 0115 English House ( KCEH ) 0135 Class of 25 ( Gregory ) 0090 Fisher - Hassenfeld [ Quad ] 0490 Harnwell 0205 Harrison 0210 Hill 0225 Kings Court ( KCEH ) 0270 Mayer Hall ( Stouffer ) 0320 Riepe [ Quad ] 0490 Rodin 0220 Sansom Place East 0380 Sansom Place West 0190 Stouffer – NOT Mayer 0555 Van Pelt ( Gregory ) 0585 Ware 0490
Please remember that these are codes , not numbers , so the leading zeros matter -- thus the Quad is " 0490 " , not " 490 " !
3d . The Location field
This field identifies the location of your problem within the " building " that you 've specified in the previous step .
In some cases , it 's just a room number .
But often it 's more than that , since corridors and lounges and stairwells can also be identified ; and in some " buildings " , such as the Quad , additional codes are needed to tell which part of the " building " a number refers to .
( In the Quad , we confusingly call these parts " buildings " ... ) .
So if you live in the Quad ( as I do ) , you 'll see a screen like this , showing the first of 1,717 alternatives :
( " CIRCULATION " means a hallway ..)
You can change the " Rows displayed per page " to 1,000 , and then you 'll only have two pages to check out visually , rather than 172 pages .
And in this case , I do recommend that you verify your location ID on the official list .
However , there 's usually a way to identify your location more quickly , especially if it's a room whose number and other coordinates you know .
In Rodin , for example , although there are 505 " Location " alternatives , they 're mostly just room numbers , and it should be safe just to type yours in .
On the other hand , in the Quad , most " Location " IDs consist of a two - character code identifying your within - quad building ( as we quaintly call it ) , followed by a hyphen , followed by your room number .
Here are the two - character codes for the Quad :
Fisher - Hassenfeld Ware Riepe Class of 28 28 Memorial Tower MT Bishop White BW Brooks BR Morris MS Birthday BI Leidy LE Bodine BO Mask and Wig MW Franklin FR McClelland MC Provost Tower PT Foerderer FO Morgan MN Graduate GR McKean MK Wilson WI Thomas Penn TP Baldwin BN EF Smith EF McIlhenney MI Class of 87 87 Coxe CX Warwick WK Craig CG Rodney RO Ward WD Baird BD Chesnut CH Ashhurst AS Fitler FI Butcher BU Magee MG Hopkinson HO Speakman SP Cleeman CL Carruth CA NY Alumni NY
So where I live , which is room 300 in Memorial Tower , is " Building " code 0490 , " Location " code MT - 300 .
3e . The " Extra Description " field
There 's just one more box to fill out , and it 's easy -- the " Extra Description " field .
Give a clear and complete description of what 's wrong .
It would n't hurt to describe the location as well , just in case you got one of the codes wrong .
Now just click on " SAVE " at the top of the page ( that should be the Customer Request Insert page , OK ? ) , and you 're done !
4 . What happens next
At least , we hope that you 're done .
Within two days , you should get an email saying that your request has been approved , and giving you a work request number that you ( or your RSA ) can use to check on the progress of your work .
That means that you won !
Or maybe , you 'll get an email saying that your request has been rejected , and explaining why .
That means that you 've lost , and need to start over again at the Penn Portal ( but do n't worry , in this game you have unlimited extra lives ... ) .
Actually , if this happens , and it's not completely obvious to you what you did wrong and how to fix it , I 'd suggest that you take the problem to your RSA .
4a . FacilityFocus II : the Adventure of Search
This section will cover how to search Facility Focus to find out what 's happening with a work request that you entered -- once I figure out how to do it !
This underground guide was written by Mark Liberman , based on a small amount of personal experience and a large amount of information from the excellent FRES brochure Navigating FacilityFocus .
If you have comments or suggestions , let me know .
What Is This Pesticide ?
Bayer CropScience ’s Response
US Government Not Releasing Research
Leave a Comment and Tell Us Your Opinion On The Disappearing Bees ?
( OrganicJar ) A microscopic pathogen and pesticides found in honeycombs are two major contributors to the bee disease known as colony collapse disorder , which has wiped out billions of bees throughout the world over the past three years , new research at Washington State University has confirmed .
" One of the first things we looked at was the pesticide levels in the wax of older honeycombs , " Sheppard said .
Using combs contributed by the USDA , Sheppard found " high levels of pesticide residue . "
Bees raised in those hives " had significantly reduced longevity , " he said .
In 2008 the German Organization Coalition accuses Bayer CropScience ( who works with Monsanto ) of " marketing dangerous pesticides and thereby accepting the mass death of bees all over the world .
" The coalition filed the charge in cooperation with German beekeepers who claim they lost thousands of hives after poisoning by the Bayer pesticide clothianidin and imidacloprid .
Since 1991 , Bayer has been producing the insecticide imidacloprid , which is one of the best selling insecticides in the world , often used as seed - dressing for corn , sunflower , and rape ( bees love this plant ) .
Bayer exports imidacloprid to more than 120 countries and the substance is Bayer 's best - selling pesticide .
The coalition alleges that the start of sales of imidacloprid and clothianidin coincided with the occurrence of large scale bee deaths in many European and American countries .
Up to 70 percent of all hives have been affected .
In just France alone , approximately 90 billion bees died over the past 10 years , reducing honey production by up to 60 percent .
" Bayer 's Board of Management has to be called to account since the risks of neonicotinoids such as imidacloprid and clothianidin have now been known for more than 10 years , " says Philipp Mimkes , spokesman for the Coalition Against Bayer - Dangers .
The coalition is demanding that Bayer withdraw all neonicotinoids from the market worldwide .
" With an annual turnover of nearly 1 billion dollars , neonicotinoids are among Bayer 's most important products , " said Mimkes .
" This is the reason why Bayer , despite serious environmental damage , is fighting against any application prohibitions .
" Bayer says the pesticide entered the environment because farmers failed to apply an adhesive agent that affixes the compound to the seed coats .
Without the fixative agent , Bayer says , the compound drifted into the environment from sown rapeseed and sweet corn and then affected the honeybees .
" Seed treatments are one of the most targeted and environmentally friendly forms to apply crop protection products .
We regret the recent bee losses and the situation they have created for the beekeepers in Baden - Württemberg , " said Dr. Hans - Josef Diehl , head of development and registration at Bayer CropScience Dr. Richard Schmuck , an ecologist at Bayer CropScience , said " When used correctly , " he said , " this crop protection product is safe for operators , consumers and the environment and fulfills the international criteria with regard to ecological systems .
"
In the United States , the nonprofit Natural Resources Defense Council filed a lawsuit in federal court in Washington , DC to force the federal government to disclose studies it ordered on the effect of clothianidin on honey bees .
Studies on clothianidin were ordered by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency from Bayer CropScience in 2003 when the EPA granted the company a registration for the chemical .
You have to think , if the studies revealed it was not responsible , then the USDA would have released that information .
There silence can only indicate the results they found were shocking .
NRDC attorneys believe that the EPA has evidence of connections between pesticides and the mysterious honey bee die - offs reported across the country called colony collapse disorder that it has not made public .
Colony collapse disorder has claimed more than one - third of honey bees in the United States since it was first identified in 2006 .
Source : ens-newswire.com
If I sounded a bit positive in my last column about the state of part of the U.S. government bureaucracy , I will make up for that this week .
Since my last column , the Department of Commerce capitulated to the big carriers , the FCC is actively ignoring consumers , the carriers are calling the government 's bluff and the FCC is asking if it should think about joining this century when it comes to Internet speeds .
In my last column I wondered if the FCC had suddenly become activist .
Maybe it has in one area , but it does not seem like there has been any kind of a transformation .
The FCC just issued a request for opinion as to " whether broadband is being deployed to all Americans in a reasonable and timely fashion " as required by section 706 of the Telecommunications Act of 1996 .
The request notes that in each of the previous five Section 706 reports to Congress the FCC concluded that broadband was being deployed " in a reasonable and timely fashion . "
Very few other than some carriers and the FCC itself agreed with that assessment .
The new request notes that " these conclusions , however , rested on data increasingly criticized as lacking sufficient detail to support robust analyses . "
I can't disagree with that conclusion .
( See " All 's well with U.S. broadband deployment [ says FCC ] " . )
The request notes that Congress got fed up with the FCC 's relying on crappy data and told it to do better .
( See " FCC : Consistent to a fault , but there is a ( small ) hope " . )
The FCC did ask better questions this time , but has yet to finish analyzing the data so we do not know if it will continue to play the role of Pollyanna .
The request notes that under the Recovery Act , the Department of Commerce is supposed to come up with " a comprehensive nationwide inventory map of existing broadband service capability and availability . "
Instead of fulfilling that requirement , the department instead capitulated to the big carriers and decided to ask for less information than it needs to follow intent of the law .
For example , it will not ask what speeds customers actually get - something that most people think would be useful information .
The request asks a few questions , two of which do not actually need to be asked : " Is broadband available to all Americans ? " and " Is the current level of broadband deployment reasonable and timely ? "
Unless you are actually Pollyanna , you already know the answer to these questions .
The FCC also asks permission to redefine broadband speed to a value that most of the developed world has been assuming for most of this century .
They also want to know what the FCC can do to make things better .
If they find a real answer to that , and then act on it , it would be a first -- for the FCC which has largely been irrelevant to the pace of broadband deployment .
The big carriers have decided not to take the broadband stimulus funds .
You know , the funds that were designed to bring broadband Internet to parts of the country that do n't yet have it .
The carriers seem to be trying to call the government 's bluff in an attempt to rid themselves of the pesky rules that say they have to be fair to their customers .
Finally , the FCC seems to have neglected to invite anyone who cares about actual Internet users to its hearings .
All in all , not a good sign for the " us " vs. the " them " of the status quo .
Disclaimer : Cambridge and Boston residents may think of Harvard as " them , " but there are a lot of us Cambridge and Boston residents who are part of that " them . "
not only do I get the smallest room in the dorm , my roommate turns out to be Jabba the Hut
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Flying home to New Jersey from Chicago after the first two days at his new job , Sergey Aleynikov was prepared for the usual inconveniences : a bumpy ride , a late arrival .
He was not expecting Special Agent Michael G. McSwain of the F.B.I .
At 9:20 p.m. on July 3 , Mr. McSwain arrested Mr. Aleynikov , 39 , at Newark Liberty Airport , accusing him of stealing software code from Goldman Sachs , his old employer .
At a bail hearing three days later , a federal prosecutor asked that Mr. Aleynikov be held without bond because the code could be used to “ unfairly manipulate ” stock prices .
This case is still in its earliest stages , and some lawyers question whether Mr. Aleynikov should be prosecuted criminally , or whether a civil suit may be more appropriate .
But the charges , along with civil cases in Chicago and New York involving other Wall Street firms , offer a glimpse into the turbulent world of ultrafast computerized stock trading .
Little understood outside the securities industry , the business has suddenly become one of the most competitive and controversial on Wall Street .
At its heart are computer programs that take years to develop and are treated as closely guarded secrets .
In the past few years , Colorado - based activist Mason Tvert has taken the notion of comparing marijuana to alcohol and used it to great success , first in organizing college students around equalizing campus penalties for marijuana and underage drinking infractions ( marijuana offenses are typically punished more severely ) , then in running a successful legalization initiative in Denver in 2005 .
Tvert and his organization , SAFER ( Safer Alternatives for Enjoyable Recreation ) , continue to hammer away at marijuana prohibition , and now , in collaboration with NORML analyst Paul Armentano and MPP director for state campaigns Steve Fox , he has taken his " marijuana is safer " campaign to a new level -- and , hopefully , to a new and broader audience .
Having known ( and repeatedly interviewed ) all three coauthors in the course of my duties for the Drug War Chronicle , I assumed " Marijuana Is Safer " would be a good book .
I was mistaken .
It 's a great book , and an extremely useful one .
" Marijuana Is Safer " starts out hitting on all eight cylinders with a foreword from former Seattle police chief Norm Stamper and never lets up .
It hits its points concisely and engagingly , it is thoroughly researched , and its political arguments are carefully thought out .
Regular readers of the Chronicle may not expect to learn a lot that they did n't know already , but they will likely be surprised , especially when it comes to the deleterious effects of alcohol .
Did you know about the nasty effects of acetaldehyde ?
I did n't .
It 's what you get when you metabolize ethanol ( alcohol ) , and it 's carcinogenic and damages internal organs .
Because it is so damaging , the body breaks it down into acetate , but if you 're drinking at the rate of more than a drink an hour , you 're body starts lagging behind .
Something to keep in mind the next time someone invites you to join a drinking contest .
Similarly , you may share the general conviction that alcohol use can lead to violence , disease , crime , and accidents , but " Marijuana Is Safer " offers up the hard numbers -- complete with footnotes .
Here 's just one hard number : 35,000 .
That 's the number of deaths each year attributed to chronic alcohol consumption .
We all know what the number of deaths attributed to chronic use of the chronic is , do n't we ?
That 's right , zero .
Armentano , Fox and Tvert offer a mix of history , science , medicine , media critique , and just plain straight talk as they survey the history of alcohol and marijuana use in America , discuss the differing attitudes toward the two drugs , explain the rise of marijuana prohibition , and , most centrally , compare and contrast the effects of the two drugs on individual consumers and society as a whole .
They also dissect the arguments that legalizers have used -- so far , unsuccessfully -- to try to end marijuana prohibition .
While those arguments are perfectly valid , the coauthors argue that they cannot counter the objection of people who might otherwise be persuaded :
Why should we legalize another vice ?
Naturally enough , Armentano , Fox and Tvert have the answer : " We would not be adding a vice ; we would be allowing adults the option to choose a less harmful alternative for relaxation and recreation , " they write .
They also provide the " money quotes " for several other skeptical responses to a legalization pitch , all designed to highlight the comparison of alcohol and marijuana .
And these three are extremely well - positioned to know what to say ; all three have been engaging in this conversation for years .
The coauthors also make a compelling argument that the " marijuana is safer " approach is a winner precisely because it forces listeners to think about alcohol and what it does -- something that all Americans know quite a bit about even if they do n't drink .
The comparison of marijuana and alcohol brings the discussion down from lofty abstractions about freedom and liberty to real world experiences with America 's most popular drugs .
The " marijuana is safer " approach works just fine for marijuana , but potentially subverts broader anti-prohibitionist politics .
It is difficult to imagine an argument for drug legalization based on " methamphetamine is safer " or " heroin is safer . "
It also effectively throws up a wall between " soft " marijuana and " hard " other drugs , abandoning broader drug legalization for freeing the weed alone .
But perhaps " abandoning " is the wrong word .
After all , Armentano and Fox work for marijuana reform organizations -- not drug reform organizations -- and Tvert 's work all along has been about marijuana .
But possible unhelpful side - effects for broader anti-prohibitionism aside , " Marijuana Is Safer " is extremely worthwhile .
This is a book you can hand to your mother or your teacher or your preacher and provide him or her with a nice framework for looking at marijuana -- one that by its inexorable comparative logic leads to the inescapable conclusion that marijuana should be legalized .
And for those readers with an interest in activism , this book needs to be on your bookshelf .
It 's full of handy , well - documented facts , it 's got the answers to the questions you 're likely to hear , and it 's even got a how - to activism section at the back .
I guarantee that if you own this book , it 's going to be very well - thumbed before very long .
The drug lobby demands , and gets , Obama pledge to protect health care profits
By Kate Randall
7 August 2009
The Obama White House has acknowledged it made a deal with drug makers to block moves in Congress to obtain any cost savings beyond the $ 80 billion already agreed to by the pharmaceutical lobby .
The New York Times reported Thursday that , in return for the $ 80 billion agreement , the Obama administration pledged that it would work to block any health care legislation that would allow the government to negotiate price - setting on drugs .
The deal is further evidence of the corporate forces calling the shots in Obama ’s health care overhaul .
While touring the country claiming the plan will make the health care giants ’ “ honest , ” the administration is cutting behind - the - scenes deals to protect and boost their profits .
Details of the White House pledge were revealed this week when the pharmaceutical lobby reacted to a House health care measure that would have allowed the government to negotiate drug prices , or demand additional rebates from the drug companies .
The lobbyists immediately insisted that the Obama administration publicly acknowledge its commitment to protect the pharmaceuticals from bearing any further costs .
The White House quickly obliged .
The Times reported that Jim Messina , a deputy White House chief of staff , wrote in an email Wednesday night , “ The president encouraged this approach .
He wanted to bring all the parties to the table to discuss health insurance reform . ”
Billy Tauzin , a former Republican congressman and head of the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America ( PhRMA ) trade group , described how the deal went down .
“ We were assured : ‘ We need somebody to come in first .
If you come in first , you will have a rock - solid deal , ’ ” he said .
Tauzin added , “ They wanted a big player to come in and set the bar for everybody else . ”
He also said that the White House urged him to negotiate with Democratic Senator Max Baucus , who heads the Senate Finance Committee , which has yet to present its version of health care legislation .
Baucus is beholden to the health care industry , having raked in nearly $ 1.5 million in 2007 - 2008 from lobbies representing hospitals , insurers , pharmaceuticals and other health care interests .
Tauzin ’s negotiations with Baucus went well for the drug companies , with the committee reportedly moving away from measures that would have allowed the government to negotiate drug prices , or allowed the importing of cheaper drugs from Canada or Europe .
Tauzin said that the White House monitored the negotiations with Baucus throughout .
The Times reports that after reaching a deal with Baucus , Tauzin “ met twice at the White House with Rahm Emanuel , the White House chief of staff ; Mr. Messina , his deputy ; and Nancy - Ann DeParle , the aide overseeing the health care overhaul , to confirm the administration ’s support for the terms . ”
Tauzin said the White House “ blessed the deal ” with Baucus .
At one of these meetings , several industry chief executives — including from Abbot Laboratories , Merck and Pfizer — were also in attendance .
It was here that they reportedly hashed out the deal on the nominal $ 80 billion in so - called cost savings .
Details about the pharmaceuticals ’ $ 80 billion offer have been vague , but they will likely come — not as a handout by the drug industry — but in the form of lower patient co-pays on prescriptions , or as modest discounts on reimbursements to the industry for expanded government - backed medical coverage .
In an industry that generates annual US sales of more than $ 300 billion , the $ 80 billion is minimal .
The more likely scenario is that $ 80 billion will be more than offset by the increased profits the pharmaceutical industry stands to make on prescriptions purchased by new patients under insurance coverage that they would be mandated to purchase under the new health care legislation .
In any event , Tauzin is not prepared to alter the offer .
“ $ 80 billion is the max , no more or less , ” he told the Times .
“ Adding other stuff changes the deal . ”
Tauzin earned his stripes as a heavy for the big pharmaceuticals during a career in Congress before becoming a lobbyist .
He served for 15 years in the US House as a Democrat , and was one of the cofounders of the House Blue Dog Coalition of conservative Democrats .
He switched to the Republican Party in August 1995 .
Tauzin served as chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee from 2001 to the beginning of 2004 .
He played a key role in guiding through Congress the Medicare prescription drug bill known as Medicare Part D , which went into effect on January 1 , 2006 .
Structured as a privatized plan , the plan bans federal negotiations with drug manufacturers for discounts , forcing Medicare to pay full price for prescription drugs .
Tauzin is generally credited with inserting this language into the bill , as well as language barring the importation of cheaper drugs from Canada .
An analysis by the US House Committee on Government Reform found that in its first six months , Medicare Part D generated $ 8 billion in profits for the pharmaceutical companies .
A Kaiser Family Foundation study estimated that Medicare Part D would generate $ 724 billion in revenues between 2006 and 2015 .
Billy Tauzin left Congress on January 3 , 2005 , and began working that very day for PhRMA , reportedly offered a $ 2.5 million annual salary to head the leading drug industry lobbying group .
During his presidential campaign , Obama derided the drug companies for charging extortionate prices , and pledged he would let Medicare negotiate for lower prices and would allow importation of cheaper drugs from Canada .
His selection now of Billy Tauzin to broker a deal with the pharmaceuticals is not accidental .
He knows who he ’s dealing with , and the interests Tauzin brings to the table .
Obama ’s public affirmation that no further “ cost savings ” are to be extracted from the drug companies is further confirmation that any health care plan Obama signs will be a cut-rate , class - based system that will ration care for ordinary Americans while leaving the profits of the giant pharmaceutical and other health care industries intact .
As I 've noted here and here and here and in several other pieces I 'm too lazy to dig up , the GOP 's hostility toward empathy , now fully out in the open , is electoral poison .
There 's a reason Bush and Rove concocted their " compassionate conservatism " fiction -- to make their party seem more warm and fuzzy to swing voters .
Now , they 're not even pretending .
And look how that value polls :
Do you think empathy is an important characteristic for a Supreme Court Justice to possess or not ?
Yes No
18-29 63 17
30 - 44 47 34
45-59 55 26
60 + 46 35 White 41 39
Black 81 4
Latino 79 4
Other 79 5 Men 48 34
Women 56 24 Dem 73 12
GOP 18 56
Ind 54 28
There 's a reason the Democratic Party is the party of ethnic and racial minorities , women , and youth .
They all think empathy is a good thing .
Even whites are evenly split .
Now look at the geographic breakdown , from the same question above :
Northeast 63 18
South 41 42
Midwest 55 25
West 53 27
That 's the danger of being a rump regional party -- you lose touch with the rest of America .
If half of southerners want an indifferent and callous government , that 's their prerogative of course .
But when the rest of America disagrees , it makes for a nationally unelectable Republican Party .
Republicans at the Sotomayor hearings think they are scoring political points .
And they are -- for Democrats .
While there ’s no question that LED lamps use a fraction of the energy to produce the same amount of light compared with a standard incandescent bulb , several Bits readers have pointed out that that ’s only half the story .
If the energy used to create and dispose of the LED lamp is more than that for a comparable standard bulb , then all of the proclaimed energy savings to produce light are for naught .
Until recently , no one knew if that was the case .
In March , a preliminary study reported by Carnegie Mellon indicated that LED lamps were more energy efficient throughout their life , but the researchers pointed out that not every aspect of the production process was taken into account .
A new study released on Tuesday by Osram , the German lighting giant , claims to have confirmed the efficiency findings .
Conducted by the Siemens Corporate Technology Centre for Eco Innovations ( Siemens is the parent of Osram and Sylvania ) , the report examines the energy needed to create and power an LED lamp .
Even the energy needed to ship a lamp from the factory in China to an installation in Europe was taken into account .
The study used a 25,000 - hour LED lamp life as a constant , comparing the energy needed throughout its life to that used for 25 1,000 - hour incandescents and 2.5 10,000 - hour compact fluorescents .
The findings , according to a summary of the study : today ’s LED lamps are essentially as energy efficient as compact fluorescents , in the amount of energy needed to create , recycle and provide light .
Osram said it expected those numbers to improve as LEDs become more energy efficient .
The company issued no in - depth information to support its claims .
It said that confirming data will be released this fall , after review by three independent analysts .
But assuming the numbers hold , this total Life Cycle Assessment should put to rest any lingering doubts about the overall “ greenness ” of LEDs .
Scientists know exactly how to mediate sexual attraction between mice .
Introduce males to females , and the brain region known as the anterior cingulate cortex ( ACC ) is activated .
A new study has found that he neurons in the ACC are “ fed ” by a fusion of glutamate when a mouse is sexually aroused .
Shut down the ACC with a sly drug and the result is a sudden loss of sexual interest .
The drug used in the study was muscimol , the major psychoactive ingredient in some mushrooms such as Altamaria , and in mice it reduced sexual attraction within ten minutes of injection and lasted for about a half hour .
This is interesting because human attraction is also mediated by the ACC ( as I describe in a previous post and in BLONDES ) .
Researchers speculate the the ACC is involved in feelings of pain and pleasure and the evaluation of risk and reward .
ACC activation affects our emotional state , leading to sexual behavior .
Is it possible to shut down our ACC with a drug such as muscimol ( or a different drug without psychoactive side effects ) , and would it also temporarily make us asexual ?
Bear in mind that what works in mice might backfire in humans .
We may find that desire can overpower an addled ACC — there ’s more than way to turn us on .
For instance , sexual arousal of sorts is known to occur in a muscimol - induced dream state — although it often translates into a sort of cosmic awe .
Some people apparently can have sex on psychedelics ( although most popular ones are psylocybin - based , not muscimol ) ; many can not .
( Annie Sprinkle says that when she takes mushrooms ( psylocybin ) she does n’t want to make love in a traditional sense , but found they can “ deepen a relationship / ” ) .
It ’s out - of - body sex .
It transcends sexual arousal .
To get a real sense of the complexity of human sexual arousal we ’d need human subjects — but even if volunteers are willing , certain experiments are unlikely to fly with ethics boards .
Which brings us back to muscimolized mice , who , unbeknownst to us , may also be experiencing a sort of transcendental erotic phantasmagoria .
But a mouse could n’t describe it as Annie Sprinkle does :
[ Sex on psychedelics ] was not about bodies coming together for physical sex , but about circulating sexual energy , which was everywhere and available just for the asking .
I could tap into it just by tuning in and saying “ yes . ”
I realized that everything was sexual / sensual –that even all my little cells were all having sex .
Sex was both microscopic and enormous .
Hypocrisy .
Thats all this is .
That and an unprecedented intrusion into your personal privacy by the federal government .
RIP 4th Amendment .
It was fun while you lasted .
What am I talking about ?
I am talking about the proposed Cybersecurity Act of 2009 .
This bill was proposed by 2 Democrats –Jay Rockefeller and Bill Nelson–and 1 Republican–Olympia Snowe and grants the administration sweeping powers over the internet .
It establishes the Office of the National Cybersecurity Advisor and grants that office , the President , and the Commerce Secretary unprecedented powers .
Under this bill , the President will be allowed to declare a cybersecurity emergency and shut down or limit traffic in in any “ critical information network ” when the President declares it to be in the “ interest of national security . ”
Of course , the bill defines neither a critical information network nor a cybersecurity emergency and leaves this power up to the President .
However , to me , the scary part is found in the new powers of the Commerce Secretary : the Secretary will be given “ access to all relevant data concerning networks without regard to any provision of law , regulation , rule , or policy restricting such access . ”
Ummmm … what ?
Thats a scary sentence .
I think the worst part is … well … the whole thing is just awful .
You can find the complete text of the bill here .
From liberal blog Mother Jones : “ This means he or she can monitor or access any data on private or public networks without regard to privacy laws . ”
This proposed law doesnt just disregard privacy laws , it also disregards the 4th Amendment to our Constitution .
The 4th Amendment reads as follows : “ The right of the people to be secure in their persons , houses , papers , and effects , against unreasonable searches and seizures , shall not be violated , and no Warrants shall issue , but upon probable cause , supported by Oath or affirmation , and particularly describing the place to be searched , and the persons or things to be seized . ”
Allowing the government the right to search internet records , without defining the scope of the governments search powers is a blatant violation of the 4th Amendment .
The hypocrisy argument comes in here : the same people that opposed President Bush for signing the Patriot Act , implementing a warrantless wiretapping program , and keeping records of all phone calls made are the people supporting this measure .
If it is wrong under President Bush , it is wrong under President Obama .
I actually thing that this is a much bigger intrusion into privacy than was President Bush ’s program .
While President Bush looked at records of phone calls and made the occasional ( so we are told ) warrantless wire tap , this plan could give the government unlimited access to an amazing amount of private information .
This is just too much power for the government ( and especially one person in the government ) to have .
Can anyone imagine how vocal the public opposition to this would have been if this had been supported by the Bush administration ?
Can you imagine how loud the media would have been screaming about this if it was supported by President Bush ?
Instead ,
Im willing to bet that unless you are a political junkie , you probably havent heard about this .
I opposed warrantless wiretapping and domestic spying under President Bush .
I oppose it under President Obama .
There is no need for this type of bill and I hope it fails .
However , I am hopeful that if this bill passes , it will be significantly pared down and hopefully vetoed by President Obama .
Americanly Yours ,
Phred Barnet
Please help me promote my site :
Share on Facebook
Become a fan on Facebook
Page 1 of 3 : Intro Intro
Part II
Part III
Are you supporting a cause to save wild animals ?
or you ’re simply a fan of wildlife .
What better way to express your love and passion for animals than having a cool animal wallpaper .
Here is a showcase of 40 + amazing wlidlife and animal wallpapers that give you a combination of beautiful animal photography and excellent photo effects .
CPU Usage Limiter for Linux
What is it ?
cpulimit is a simple program which attempts to limit the cpu usage of a process ( expressed in percentage , not in cpu time ) .
This is useful to control batch jobs , when you do n't want them to eat too much cpu .
It does not act on the nice value or other scheduling priority stuff , but on the real cpu usage .
Also , it is able to adapt itself to the overall system load , dynamically and quickly .
News 23 May 2012
CPUlimit has moved to github .
Follow me and stay tuned .
23 May 2012
Nerd enough ?
Check out my new blog :)
29 November 2010
Are you a Londoner ?
If so , why do n't you check out my new project ?
26 August 2010
This is just to say I love open source .
I really do .
I 'm receiving everyday new patches , suggestions , ports , feature requests ( and even compliments ) .
This is the strength of open source , it grows thanks to the community .
Keep going !
25 July 2010
Are you a mathematician , physicist , scientist , or just a curious person ?
Check out my new project thomthom 14 May 2009
Do you like cpulimit ?
Nominate it as the best tool for sysadmins !
26 November 2008
Abcuser has written a great HOWTO for Ubuntu users .
Check it out here !
10 September 2008
A team of researchers is successfully using cpulimit on Mare Nostrum , one of the most powerful computers in Europe .
And I 'm not kidding :) 7 September 2008
Special thanks to Wyatt for the donation and for providing me a Mac OS X shell .
30 August 2008
I 've received a lot of requests for porting cpulimit to Mac OS X .
So I 've decided to do it , maybe there will be also a GUI .
Stay tuned !
10 August 2008
Big thanks to Alexander , who made a huge donation to cpulimit .
16 February 2008
As promised , the subprocesses control implementation is at last in cpulimit svn .
Check it out !
10 February 2008
A subversion repository is available thanks to sourceforge .
You can get latest source code ( still unstable ! ) running the command :
svn checkout https://cpulimit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/cpulimit/trunk cpulimit
Or you can browse the code from the web interface .
8 February 2008
Started subprocesses control implementation , since a lot of people are asking about this feature .
So stay tuned for a new version .
18 January 2007
Now the project is listed on the FSF / UNESCO Free Software Directory .
Very glad for that !
26 December 2006
New homepage at http://cpulimit.sourceforge.net
23 December 2006
Source uploaded to sourceforge .
9 August 2006
Started a new project at sourceforge .
You can see it here .
How it works is a simple program which attempts to limit the cpu usage of a process ( expressed in , not in cpu time ) .
This is useful to control batch jobs , when you do n't want them to eat too much cpu .
It does not act on the nice value or other scheduling priority stuff , but on thecpu usage .
Also , it is able to adapt itself to the overall system load , dynamically and quickly .
Note that you do n't need to read this paragraph in order to use cpulimit , you can safely skip it if you are not interested in tweaking cpulimit .
So , you are curious to know the secrets of cpulimit :)
Of course there is no secret if you are a C developer , but I will try to explain to everyone .
The work of cpulimit is done all in userspace , so it does n't interfere with the Linux scheduler .
Basically , the target process , which you can specify by pid , name , or command line , is continuosly paused and resumed by sending it SIGSTOP and SIGCONT signals .
Signals are sent by cpulimit in appropriate moments , based on the limit specified by user and the process statistics read from / proc .
[ To be continued ...]
System Requirements cpulimit should run on every Linux 2.2 or greater .
It has been reported by several users that cpulimit works fine even on SMP hardware , but consider that if you have more than one cpu there is a little difference in the meaning of cpu usage ( see below ) .
If you can modify the source code of cpulimit to make it run in another OS , please notify me , so I can publish your code .
I think that the only non-portable code is to iterate through the process list and get process statistics .
Instructions Download last stable version from svn checkout https://cpulimit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/cpulimit/trunk cpulimit
Then extract the source and compile with make : tar zxf cpulimit-xxx.tar.gz
cd cpulimit-xxx
make Executable file name is cpulimit .
You may want to copy it in /usr / bin .
Examples of use Limit the process ' bigloop ' by executable name to 40 % CPU :
cpulimit -- exe bigloop -- limit 40
cpulimit -- exe /usr / local / bin/bigloop -- limit 40 Limit a process by PID to 55 % CPU : cpulimit -- pid 2960 -- limit 55 Launch a process by command line and limit it to 40 % ( in development version only ! ) :
cpulimit -- limit 40 /etc/rc.d/rc.boinc start Notes should run on every Linux 2.2 or greater .
It has been reported by several users that cpulimit works fine even on SMP hardware , but consider that if you have more than one cpu there is a little difference in the meaning of cpu usage ( see below ) .
If you can modify the source code of cpulimit to make it run in another OS , please notify me , so I can publish your code .
I think that the only non-portable code is to iterate through the process list and get process statistics .
Download last stable version from here or get the latest source code from Subversion repository with this command :
Then extract the source and compile with make : Executable file name is cpulimit .
You may want to copy it in /usr / bin .
Limit the process ' bigloop ' by executable name to 40 % CPU : Limit a process by PID to 55 % CPU : Launch a process by command line and limit it to 40 % ( in development version only ! ) :
If your machine has one processor you can limit the percentage from 0 % to 100 % , which means that if you set for example 50 % , your process cannot use more than 500 ms of cpu time for each second .
But if your machine has four processors , percentage may vary from 0 % to 400 % , so setting the limit to 200 % means to use no more than half of the available power .
In any case , the percentage is the same of what you see when you run top .
cpulimit should run at least with the same user running the controlled process .
But it is much better if you run cpulimit as root , in order to have a higher priority and a more precise control .
Now cpulimit does limit also the children of the specified process .
The code is still experimental , so let me know how it is .
cpulimit is written just for fun by Angelo Marletta .
Please send your feedback , bug reports , feature requests or just thanks : ) to marlonx80 at hotmail dot com
This post is part of Mashable ’s Spark of Genius series , which highlights a unique feature of startups .
If you would like to have your startup considered for inclusion , please see the details here .
The series is made possible by Microsoft BizSpark .
Name : 16apps
Quick Pitch : Personalized iPhone apps recommendations based on social media ( Twitter , FriendFeed , or Last. fm ) searches .
Genius Idea :
Think of this as personality profiling for the App Store .
The iPhone App Store has more than 65,000 apps but let 's face it , iTunes is hardly the best app discovery mechanism .
Enter your username for Twitter , FriendFeed or Last.fm ( Facebook coming soon ... maybe ) and 16 apps will scan your activity for relevant meta - data that it can then use to recommend iPhone applications .
Your location , topics you commonly discuss and even your conversation style influence the evaluation .
Although certainly not all - encompassing , 16 apps did a pretty good job figuring me out .
I was going to take exception at some of the applications associated with " cusses occasionally " — but my reaction would probably only reinforce the stereotype .
By searching for keywords contained inside your Tweets or FriendFeed messages , 16 apps can decipher clues about who you are and then recommend relevant applications .
The Last .fm search is interesting because it show some of your most played artists .
I was surprised to find out that there was actually an official Pete Yorn iPhone app .
Cool .
Under each descriptor is a " featured " application and a link to a list of more apps in that related category .
The list opens up directly in iTunes .
16 apps has plans to offer support for the BlackBerry , Palm and Android platforms in the future .
Developers can also add their apps to 16 apps targeted results .
I 'm impressed by the algorithm 16 apps is using because it does n't appear to be stock keywords , but more of a contextual sort of search .
Sponsored by Microsoft BizSpark
BizSpark is a startup program that gives you three - year access to the latest Microsoft development tools , as well as connecting you to a nationwide network of investors and incubators .
There are no upfront costs , so if your business is privately owned , less than three years old , and generates less than U.S. $ 1 million in annual revenue , you can sign up today .
Entrepreneurs can take advantage of the Azure Services platform for their website hosting and storage needs .
Microsoft recently announced the " new CloudApp ( ) " contest - use the Azure Services Platform for hosting your .NET or PHP app , and you could be the lucky winner of a USD 5000 * ( please see website for official rules and guidelines ) . ”
A summary of events as shared by Dr. Arif Alvi [ Sec General of PTI ] as he narrated his conversation with one of his party members who was in Gojra to investigate the horrific incident which involved the killing of seven Christians
A lot of detail has been published in the newspapers today .
Brig .
( R ) Samson Sharaf of PTI visited Gojra yesterday and has met and interviewed a lot of people .
He informs us that the incident started at a wedding reception where there was some misbehaviour by a drunk person .
On my query he said it was a Pakistani but on my insistence he just said that the person did not belong to the Christian community but of the majority religion in Pakistan .
This person was , as courteously as possible in such a situation , escorted out .
But he and his friends reacted and created a scene and started making allegations .
The easiest way to put non-muslims on the defensive in Pakistan is an accusation of blasphemy .
It is like Karo Kari where an allegation is enough for criminals to unleash their venom .
Some of the local maulvis were informed and they started inciting the muslims in the area .
The reaction was further inflamed by a person Qadeer Awan ( who is an official of PML - N ) who sent people to Jhang to import activists , some of whom came masked and surrounded the Christian village .
There was firing into the village and some christians defending the village by firing in the air to scare away the people .
Police was present but took only evasive action and used teargassing .
This continued for 5 hours and then busloads of people joined the mob , with the police backing away , ransacked the entire village and burnt six Christians alive and shot dead one .
For more than a day the government did not register an FIR and it the scared Chrisitan community as they felt that this was being done to allow FIR ’s to be registered on a blasphemy case despite the fact that the Prime Minister was on record that no such thing had actually happened .
Another suspected reason for not having registered an immediate FIR was also the intense involvement of some PML - N people .
The community along with the dead bodies protested and blocked the highway .
The FIR was finally registered and the demand of the community was agreed to in naming government officials responsible for their inaction in registering the FIR .
I have be told through confirmed sources that the Chief of Army Staff had to use his offices to have this done .
Those responsible should be brought to justice quickly under the anti-terrorism act and given severe examplary punishments to end this game of false accustaions and murder .
Minorities suffer all manner of humiliation through false accusations made under these laws .
In the present state , intolerance and violence in Pakistan , the Balsphemy Law is a tool in the hands of extremist elements to settle personal scores against members of religious minorities .
The Laws themselves provide non-specific and vague definition of blasphemy , yet blasphemy carries a mandatory death sentence in some cases .
There are also serious problems with the mechanisms to implement the Laws .
Since the mandatory death sentence was introduced as a result of Amendment Act No. III ( 1986 ) to Section 295 - C , many innocent people have lost their lives , including some accused persons who had not been brought to trial .
For example , Niamat Ahmer , Tahir Iqbal and Manzoor Masih were killed even before the courts could hear the cases registered against them .
Some of you would also remember the killing of Jagdish Kumar in Karachi by a violent mob of co-workers in April 2008 , dozens took part and hundreds watched .
No action has yet been taken or has made news .
According to human rights reports there was no blasphemy involved but a personal incident and enmity , which is usual in all such cases .
Urgent action is needed to punish the culprits , including negligent officials is desperately needed to assuage the feelings of our Christain brothers and sisters , and to ensure future quick action if there is any danger of such violence .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Americans fresh out of university are discovering their expensive degrees are not the entry ticket to a job they had hoped in the face of high unemployment .
Some young graduates are working for free to enhance their skills and bolster their resumes .
Some are looking abroad for work while others are determined to push their way into the U.S. job market .
Jessicalind Ah Kit got off to a great start in her job search .
One company flew her abroad and gave her a rental car .
After a first day of interviews , the company told her it had a freeze on global hiring .
Ah Kit studied management information systems , economics and Japanese in college .
After an 18 - month search , she has taken an unpaid internship -- her third .
The National Association of Colleges and Employers says only 19.7 percent of 2009 ’s graduates who applied for jobs had them as of May 2009 .
During the second quarter this year , unemployment for workers under 25 years of age was 17.3 percent , nearly double the national average .
Economists worry that unless the new graduates get on the job ladder soon , it will leave a void in a country where a wave of retiring Baby Boomers need a healthy young work force to pay for their Social Security government retirement benefits .
The generation -- known as Generation Y or the Millennial Generation typically born in the 1980s and early 1990s -- is made up of the children of Baby Boomers .
The Millennials run the risk of following Japan ’s lost decade .
Years of economic stagnation and a sluggish recovery have had what economists call a hysteretic effect on Japan ’s economy -- something akin to a spring stretched too far .
Changes in Japan ’s labor force resulted in a larger portion of the population being employed under contract with few benefits .
This lost generation missed out on the opportunity to gain skills , resulting in widespread socioeconomic woe in a country known for its rigid corporate structure .
STUDENT DEBT
Many U.S. graduates face a further hardship scrambling to pay off loans they took to finance a university education .
Many were counting on the higher incomes that college degrees usually promise .
They graduate with an average debt of $ 27,000 with no means to pay it off and almost 30 percent -- or 13.2 million in 2007 -- of them are uninsured .
One concern is that the graduates will lack the skills they need once the jobs come back .
Gaps in employment can cause problems for workers of any age -- a point U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke emphasized in recent testimony .
“ People who are out of the labor force tend to lose their skills and their connection to the labor force .
When the economy recovers , they may not even be employable , ” Bernanke said in testimony in June .
Research has shown that unemployment early in a person ’s career makes a lasting imprint .
A working paper by labor economist Lisa Kahn at the Yale School of Management showed that among white male college graduates , the most employed group , there are “ large , negative and persistent ” effects for those graduating during recessions .
Graduating into a bad economy for this group could mean 6 percent to 8 percent less in wages earned for each additional percentage point in the national unemployment rate .
Even 15 years later , there is a 2.5 percent difference for each extra percentage point in the unemployment rate .
Similarly , if they fail to start developing assets , their ability to support major economic activity will be hampered .
LOST ?
OR NOT ?
Despite all that , some recent graduates have gone to great lengths -- figuratively and literally -- to chart a new path in tough times .
Princeton graduate Jason Harper said he and his friends were looking abroad , having exhausted their job search in the United States since graduation in June .
“ As much as I want to work in LA , or work in New York , or Chicago , it ’s just shut - door after shut - door , ” said the German media and aesthetics major .
He said he had made some progress in Berlin .
Whether in the United States or beyond , some U.S. graduates are determined to get into the job market .
“ Rather than sitting on the sidelines and waiting for the big job that they might have thought they would get , they are going to go work , ” said John Challenger , chief executive of job placement company Challenger , Gray & Christmas .
“ You ’ll have more entrepreneurs who say , ‘ There ’s no jobs out there for me so I ’m just going to go find something , I ’m going to make something that matters , ’ ” he said .
Much of the entrepreneurship appears to be at smaller companies , some looking to innovate in a tough market .
“ Smaller companies can work just as well as the large companies , ” said lifestyle design consultant and new media marketer Greg Rollett .
“ It ’s attractive because of the unemployment rate right now .
The nature of the job market has really pushed a lot of Gen - Y ’s to rethink what they are going after . ”
Who We Are
Northwest Folklife is an independent 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) arts organization that celebrates the multigenerational arts , cultures , and traditions of a global Pacific Northwest .
For over 48 years , Northwest Folklife has been deeply committed to celebrating the diversity of our Northwest communities and de-mystifying our differences together , under one roof .
Northwest Folklife believes that arts and culture strengthen our communities and should be accessible for all .
Our year - round programming is produced in collaboration with over 130 + different cultural partners and powered by contributions from the community , corporations , foundations , and the public sector .
Jubilant crowds cheered outside a Delhi court yesterday after judges announced that gay sex was not a crime – a landmark ruling for India that spells the end for a 150 - year - old law introduced by the British Raj .
Activists danced in the streets after the Delhi High Court ruled that " consensual sex amongst adults is legal which includes even gay sex and sex among the same sexes " .
The judgment , which technically only applies to the country 's capital but which will have national implications , will boost the small but increasingly vocal gay rights movement .
" The mood inside the court was electric , it was incredible , " said Gautam Bhan , who has been campaigning for the repeal of so - called " Section 377 " for 10 years .
" The judges quoted from a speech by Jawaharlal Nehru about India 's inclusiveness .
We were in tears , we were openly crying in court . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Another campaigner , Lesley Esteves , a journalist who was also at the court , said : " It 's a historic day for queer people and everybody else in India .
Finally we have been able to throw off this colonial legacy .
I hope that other members of the Commonwealth are also able to do this . "
Campaigners who had launched a legal challenge to the law said it was anti-constitutional because it acted as an impediment to fighting Aids as many gay people declined to be identified because of fear of harassment or discrimination .
" We have finally entered the 21st century , " said Anjali Gopalan , leader of Naz Foundation , a leading health and gay rights lobby which had brought the lawsuit .
Despite the court 's decision , Section 377 can only be repealed by parliament .
In recent days the government has indicated that it may be prepared to review the law and is considering getting rid of it .
The moment that Fox chose to abandon the event was just after the audience started asking questions .
What became immediately obvious was that Fox had no interest in continuing coverage because they concluded that the event was not confrontational enough .
The first couple of questions were not the sort that would incite the frothing anger that has become a staple of Fox News ' coverage of the health care debate .
Even David Bauder of the Associated Press recognized the barely hidden motivation of Fox :
" Fox News Channel cut away from President Barack Obama 's town hall meeting on health care reform Tuesday as he faced a far more polite crowd than has attended many meetings hosted by members of Congress recently .
CNN and MSNBC carried the session in full [...]
The loud public debates have been a tonic for cable news networks during normally quiet August . "
If the AP gets it , you know it 's reached new levels of clarity .
As the town hall progressed , the questions became more probing .
They included inquiries into some of the most controversial matters that have characterized this issue : death panels , taxes , rationing , etc. But Fox News ' audience saw none of this despite the notice that anchor Trace Gallagher gave after they broke coverage :
" Any contentious questions , anybody yelling , we will bring it to you here . "
Well , that 's comforting .
The striking thing about that statement , other than the fact that he did not adhere to it , is that it is an admission that Fox News is only interested in contentiousness and yelling .
It is rather startling that Gallagher would make a promise to his viewers that amounts to a declaration that Fox will only present the President when he can be made to look embattled or unpopular .
Fox never did return to the event .
Gallagher did , however , keep his promise to provide contentious programming .
Much of the time that the Obama town hall was in progress , Fox News replayed arguments captured at town halls for senators Cardin and McCaskill .
These shoutfests were aired with a little box in the corner showing Obama 's event minus the sound .
So Fox made a deliberate decision to avoid the President 's newsmaking appearance and replace it with yesterday 's more pugnacious , albeit stale , news .
The rest of the time was spent with Fox pundits predictably bashing the President even though they were n't even listening to what he was saying .
It appears that the only way for Obama to get any airtime on Fox News would be to cater to Fox 's appetite for sensationalism and lead the police on a wild car chase .
Or maybe to be caught having dinner with the OctoMom .
Or better yet , lead the police on a wild car chase with the OctoMom , Michael Jackson 's doctor , and a piece of the Shroud of Turin .
This is , of course , is all Obama 's fault .
He should know by now that the one thing you never do if you want to be on Fox News is to be reasonable , intelligent , and honest .
DETROIT ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Detroit is one of America 's largest cities , but there is n't a single grocery chain store within the city limits .
Spurned by national retailers , Detroit 's nearly 1 million residents instead rely on independent stores run by local entrepreneurs for their most basic needs .
But for those entrepreneurs , staying in business can be a struggle .
Running a grocery store " requires a lot of working capital up front , and small problems early on can escalate , " says Olga Stella , vice president of business development for the Detroit Economic Growth Corp. , a quasi - government development agency .
" It 's like any small business , but it has added complications because you 're selling a highly perishable product that has very little collateral . "
Such was the case for Zaccaro 's Market , a gourmet grocery store that opened in April 2008 with much fanfare from local media before closing down just 10 months later .
Owner Cindy Warner , a management consultant by trade , wanted to open a store that would expand Detroit shoppers ' options for organic and gourmet foods .
" I was looking to do something innovative , and do it in a place that needed those goods and services , " says Warner , who had 24 employees .
She started out optimistic about Zaccaro 's chances .
Detroit is underserved by groceries , and a number of new housing starts were slated for Zaccaro 's neighborhood .
But once the store opened , Zaccaro 's generated sales of about $ 110,000 a month -- half of Warner 's projections .
As Stella noted , small errors become magnified for independent groceries .
Warner experienced that firsthand : A pricing mistake in her store 's first few months caused Zaccaro 's products to cost more than intended , alienating some early customers .
The housing market in the neighborhood slowed , particularly after the credit crunch began .
Add in an unsuccessful attempt at restructuring debt -- including a $ 200,000 loan from the city -- and the obstacles became too great .
Zaccaro 's closed its doors in February .
Warner , who is in litigation with Detroit Economic Growth Corp. over Zaccaro 's loan , believes her store filled a need that is now going unmet .
To better serve both Detroit 's citizens and its entrepreneurs , Detroit officials need to step up the city 's support of small businesses , she believes .
" Detroit is a diamond in the rough , but it has challenges we have to overcome , " Warner says .
A grocery gap
City planners are aware of their grocery void .
A 2007 study conducted by Washington - based researcher Social Compact determined that Detroit could support 600,000 to 1 million additional square feet of grocery retail space .
But national chains are n't rushing into that gap .
The last one left in 2007 , when The Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Co. ( GAP , Fortune 500 ) ( better known as A&P ) shut down its Detroit - based Farmer Jack chain .
Aldi , a discount grocery chain that does n't accept credit cards and carries few brand - name items , has two outposts in Detroit , but major retailers like Safeway ( SWY , Fortune 500 ) , Kroger ( KR , Fortune 500 ) , Costco ( COST , Fortune 500 ) and Whole Foods ( WFMI , Fortune 500 ) have stayed away .
Poor perceptions of Detroit 's market strength , the costs of doing business in the city , and the difficulty of hiring and retaining good local workers scare away the big retailers , a city task force concluded in a report issued last year .
So Detroit is instead trying to nurture its home - grown grocery stores and help them grow .
For example , the city is working on tax abatements for Honey Bee Market , which expanded in 2006 from 4,000 square feet to 15,000 square feet , and is now dealing with higher property taxes as a result .
Honey Bee Market has been in business on Detroit 's southwest side since 1956 .
Co-owner Kenneth Koehler attributes his store 's longevity to selling products that cater to the neighborhood 's significant Latino community , as well as being involved in neighborhood events .
" We know the neighbors , we know the people , " says Koehler , who has 40 employees .
" We look out for them , and they look out for us . "
Koehler also takes care to keep up his store 's image and physical maintenance .
" It 's got to shine , it 's got to be clean , " he says .
" It just has to be very presentable , just like it would be at your home . "
Customer service and presentation is key to staving off bigger rivals .
While national retailers steer clear of inner Detroit , they 're littered through nearby suburbs like Dearborn , Southfield and Warren .
University Foods owner Norman Yaldoo sees his store 's emphasis on service as critical to its survival .
" We 've built a reputation here in Detroit that 's really unsurpassed to other stores that have come and gone , " says Yaldoo , who opened his store in 1979 and now employs 20 workers .
" That 's why we 're still here .
Customers trust us . "
Like Honey Bee Market , University Foods pays close attention to local preferences .
Yaldoo stocks his 30,000 - square - foot with a diverse product lineup catering to various cultural groups that live near University Foods .
That 's one area where independent retailers have an advantage over major chains , says Jane Shallal , president and CEO of the Associated Food and Petroleum Dealers , a trade group that represents independent grocers throughout Michigan and Ohio .
They can adjust to local conditions .
For example , food stamp distribution can result in a feast - or - famine retail atmosphere in Detroit , with shoppers buying most of their food at the beginning of each month and trickling into stores at the end .
Small stores have more flexibility than chain retailers to reduce their hours during slow times .
Independently owned grocers have strong incentives to find ways to adapt and survive :
" This is their livelihood , " Shallal says .
" They 're there for the long haul . "
Development official Stella says Detroit is trying to provide additional assistance , such as by helping grocers find financing , secure the zoning they need , and organize focus groups to help fine - tune their product mix .
" You want to stabilize your base and help the strong stores make the changes that can serve the community , " Stella says .
" We have to be willing to think a little bit differently about urban neighborhood stores , and how you get the best quality and the best selection of products in a small space . "
Detroit 's citizens are waiting for more grocers to master that tricky formula .
Beth Burrelsman , the store manager for Zaccaro 's Market , says she still gets calls from people asking when Cindy Warner will be ready to tackle a new venture .
" The way the community tried to come together towards the end to try and ' save ' this store reminded me of something you 'd see in a movie , " Burrelsman says .
" The store had a vibrance and a spirit that I 've never witnessed before in my 47 years .
Working at this store was a gift . "
To write a note to the editor about this article , click here
Scientistsare busy preparing for Spring 2010 ?s ?
First Light ?
flight of NASA ?
sStratospheric Observatory for Infrared Astronomy ( SOFIA ) , a highly modified Boeing 747SP with a 2.5 meter ( 8.2 feet ) diameter infrared telescope .
A team ofinternational partners is developing eight instruments that will enable SOFIAto study the universe primarily in the infrared spectral band , but withcapabilities extending from wavelengths of 0.3 to 1600 microns , acrossultraviolet , visible , infrared , and sub-millimeter ranges .
? Workingwith our German colleagues , we are eagerly anticipating SOFIA ?
s First Light flight , ? said Erick Young , SOFIA ?s recently appointed directorof Science and Mission Operations .
?
SOFIA will be a discovery engine for the next20 years , and our collaborator teams have spent a number of years perfectingthese powerful scientific instruments .?
Four of thenewinstruments are now ready for use on the airborne observatory .
They includea mid-infrared camera developed at New York ?s Cornell University known as the Faint Object infraRed Camera for the SOFIA Telescope , or FORCAST ( operating awavelengths of 5 - 40 microns ) ; a heterodyne spectrometer called the GermanReceiver for Astronomy at Terahertz Frequencies ( GREAT ? 60 -200 microns ) developed at the Max Planck Institute for Radioastronomy , Bonn , Germany ; the Lowell Observatory ?s High - Speed Imaging Photometer for Occultations , or HIPO ( 0.3 to 1.1 microns ) ; and the Far - Infrared Field - Imaging Line Spectrometer ( FIFI - LS , 42-210 microns ) developed at the Max Planck Institute forExtraterrestrial Physics , in Garching , Germany .
Followingthe first four instruments will be the CAltech Submillimeter Interstellar MediumInvestigations Receiver ( CASIMIR ) , another heterodyne spectrometer ( 250-600 microns ) being built at Caltech , Pasadena , Calif . ; the High- resolution AirborneWideband Camera ( HAWC ) , a far infrared bolometer camera ( 50 - 240 microns ) developed by the University of Chicago ; Echelon - Cross - Echelle Spectrograph ( EXES ) , an echelon spectrometer ( 5 - 28 microns ) under construction at the University of California at Davis ; and the First Light Infrared Test ExperimentCAMera ( FLITECAM ) , a near infrared camera ( 1 - 5 microns ) developed at UCLA .
Three ofthe first nine instruments have been thoroughly tested on ground - basedtelescopes ?
HIPO at the Lowell Observatory in Arizona , FLITECAM at the University of California ?s Lick Observatory , and FORCAST on Caltech ?s Mt. Palomarfive - meter telescope .
HIPO has also been mounted on SOFIA ?s telescope and usedto observe celestial objects from the ground to test the observatory ?s systems .
FORCAST is slated for installation on SOFIA ?s First Light flight , when photonsfrom a celestial object come down the telescope tube for the first time whilethe aircraft is airborne .
GREAT , which has been tested in a lab environment , awaits its flight opportunity whereit will be able to demonstrate its capabilities .
This spectrometer has not yetbeen tested onboard SOFIA because it analyzes infrared wavelengths that areentirely inaccessible from the ground .
SOFIA will fly withone instrument fitted to the telescope for each airborne observation period .
When flying science missions , SOFIA cruises between 39,000 and 45,000 feet at aspeed of Mach 0.8 ( 520 mph ) on seven - to nine - hour observing flights .
In fulloperations the observatory will fly typically three nights per week forapproximately 1,000 hours of observing time each year .
SOFIA ?s telescope weighs 34,000 pounds and was built in Germany by MAN Technologie AG and Kayser - ThredeGmbH .
It has an elevation range of 20 to 60 degrees above the horizon , and anunvignetted field - of - view diameter of 8 arcmin ( a quarter the diameter of thefull moon ) .
SOFIA isthe successor to NASA?s extremely successful Kuiper Airborne Observatory ( KAO ) , a modified Lockheed C- 141 fitted with a one - meter infrared telescope .
KAO operated from NASA Ames from 1974 to 1995 , and made such astronomicaldiscoveries as the rings around the planet Uranus , the atmosphere surrounding the planet Pluto , and the presence of water vapor in the interstellar medium .
The new observatory is a joint NASA and German Space Agency ( Deutsches Zentrum fur Luft - und Raumfahrt ? DLR ) project .
The programis managed at NASA 's Dryden Flight Research Center with the aircraft based atthe Dryden Aircraft Operations Facility in Palmdale , Calif .
NASA 's AmesResearch Center in Mountain View , Calif. , manages SOFIA science and missionoperations in cooperation with the Universities Space Research Association ( USRA ) and the Deutsches SOFIA Institute ( DSI ) in Stuttgart , Germany .
To learnmore about SOFIA , visit these websites : http://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/SOFIA/index.html, www.sofia.usra.edu
You are not logged in .
Login or Signup
Fujitsu care deeply about the layout of their code .
Reminiscent of anything ?
If we travel , via Google Earth , to the top of Fujinon ’s corporate headquarters in Saitama , and then look towards Mount Fuji , we get this view :
It seems that the view is right there in the code :
Thanks to Lorenzo for pointing this out to My Lordship
I notice that the source code from the fujitsu binoculars site made it into the newsletter , but it is no accident that the code looks that way , in fact , this is the Japanese principle of form over function .
Flip that source code on its side and you get this : Reminiscent of anything ?
If we travel , via Google Earth , to the top of Fujinon ’s corporate headquarters in Saitama , and then look towards Mount Fuji , we get this view :
It seems that the view is right there in the code : Thanks to Lorenzo for pointing this out to My Lordship ( , Thu 20 Aug 2009 , 17:20 , Reply
Frikken awesome spot
( , Thu 20 Aug 2009 , 17:23 , ( , Thu 20 Aug 2009 , 17:23 , Reply
I need to mention strongly that it was not I , but Lorenzo who spotted this ,
but after it was mentioned in the newsletter , I felt it was worthy of mention .
( , Thu 20 Aug 2009 , 17:40 , ( , Thu 20 Aug 2009 , 17:40 , Reply
Totally amazing
thanks for that !
Clickers !
( , Thu 20 Aug 2009 , 17:23 , ( , Thu 20 Aug 2009 , 17:23 , Reply
Genius .
( , Thu 20 Aug 2009 , 17:24 , ( , Thu 20 Aug 2009 , 17:24 , Reply
I do n't get it
But I like it .
* clicks *
( , Thu 20 Aug 2009 , 17:32 , ( , Thu 20 Aug 2009 , 17:32 , Reply
Can someone explain that Fujitsu thing to me please ?
I did n't get that
( , Thu 20 Aug 2009 , 17:42 , ( , Thu 20 Aug 2009 , 17:42 , Reply
If you go to the Fujitsu website ( the actual link ) ,
right - click the page and choose " view page source " ( or similar ) ,
scroll down and you will see the code that makes the page .
zoom way out and turn it sideways and you get the first image from the post above , whereas the code for any other site ( b3ta included ) is just straight lines .
( , Thu 20 Aug 2009 , 18:24 , ( , Thu 20 Aug 2009 , 18:24 , Reply
* nerdgasms *
( , Thu 20 Aug 2009 , 17:51 , ( , Thu 20 Aug 2009 , 17:51 , Reply
* spurts *
( , Fri 21 Aug 2009 , 13:39 , ( , Fri 21 Aug 2009 , 13:39 , Reply
* squirts *
( , Fri 21 Aug 2009 , 17:53 , ( , Fri 21 Aug 2009 , 17:53 , Reply
haha bloody hell
( , Thu 20 Aug 2009 , 17:58 , ( , Thu 20 Aug 2009 , 17:58 , Reply
I 've recently got back into HTML after seven or eight years out of the game
and this gives me massive , massive glee .
( , Thu 20 Aug 2009 , 18:20 , ( , Thu 20 Aug 2009 , 18:20 , Reply
I am glad , Noel .
I am glad .
( , Thu 20 Aug 2009 , 19:04 , ( , Thu 20 Aug 2009 , 19:04 , Reply
.
Bastard - I just lost the game .
Last time I read the ruddy newsletter .
( , Tue 1 Sep 2009 , 13:26 , ( , Tue 1 Sep 2009 , 13:26 , Reply
Mt Fuji
looks nowhere near that big from Saitama .
( , Thu 20 Aug 2009 , 20:08 , ( , Thu 20 Aug 2009 , 20:08 , Reply
Fuck Gandalf .
( , Fri 21 Aug 2009 , 9:12 , ( , Fri 21 Aug 2009 , 9:12 , Reply
Impressive stuff
How do you get that Google Earth image of the Horizon from the buildings ?
( , Fri 21 Aug 2009 , 19:25 , ( , Fri 21 Aug 2009 , 19:25 , Reply
For the sake of propriety
forums.thedailywtf.com/forums/t/12892.aspx
It should of course be noted that the original image should be credited to MiffThe Fox over at thedailywtf.com : ( , Fri 21 Aug 2009 , 20:20 , Reply
Brilliantly spotted .
( , Fri 21 Aug 2009 , 20:49 , ( , Fri 21 Aug 2009 , 20:49 , Reply
There are other examples with Fuji .
Fuji also has a financial interest in Subaru automobiles .
Their logo is a cluster of stars
We have thought they were pointing to the North Star , but I have never verified that .
Anyone know what stars the Subaru logo matches ??
Another Fuji Logo with hidden meaning .
( , Sat 22 Aug 2009 , 0:34 , ( , Sat 22 Aug 2009 , 0:34 , Reply
Let google be your friend
en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Subaru
" The company is named after the star cluster Pleiades , which in Greek mythology is known as the Seven Sisters , and in Japanese mythology the name is " Subaru " , which roughly translated into English means , " to govern " , " unite , " or " gather together " .
The company logo is influenced by the star cluster .
The large star in the logo represents Fuji Heavy Industries , and the five smaller stars represent the current five companies that are united under the FHI group . "
" The company is named after the star cluster Pleiades , which in Greek mythology is known as the Seven Sisters , and in Japanese mythology the name is " Subaru " , which roughly translated into English means , " to govern " , " unite , " or " gather together " .
The company logo is influenced by the star cluster .
The large star in the logo represents Fuji Heavy Industries , and the five smaller stars represent the current five companies that are united under the FHI group . "
( , Sat 22 Aug 2009 , 1:22 , Reply
Fucking hell
this ticks a whole bunch of nerdy little boxes .
( , Sat 22 Aug 2009 , 0:40 , ( , Sat 22 Aug 2009 , 0:40 , Reply
OHMYGOD
Also , ley lines .
( , Sat 22 Aug 2009 , 15:04 , ( , Sat 22 Aug 2009 , 15:04 , Reply
unholy
awesome
( , Sat 22 Aug 2009 , 19:59 , ( , Sat 22 Aug 2009 , 19:59 , Reply
Summary
The Republican National Committee this week posted a “ Health Care Bill of Rights for Seniors , ” which RNC Chairman Michael Steele and others have taken to the airwaves to publicize .
It contains a number of claims we ’ve seen and criticized before , but also contains one new one that has some truth to it , and another fresh one that has very little .
The RNC says that cuts proposed by Democrats " threaten millions of seniors with being forced from their current Medicare Advantage plans . "
That ’s certainly possible .
Ratcheting down payments to the private insurance plans in Medicare Advantage would likely cause them to reduce benefits or even withdraw from the market .
That might force an unknown number of beneficiaries to find new plans or go back to the traditional system , which still covers 78 percent of the Medicare population .
( Update , Aug. 31 : At least 3 million of the more than 10 million Medicare Advantage beneficiaries would likely go back to traditional Medicare , one independent expert says . )
( Update , Aug. 31 : At least 3 million of the more than 10 million Medicare Advantage beneficiaries would likely go back to traditional Medicare , one independent expert says . )
Another new wrinkle in the RNC ’s " Bill of Rights " is a claim that Democrats have proposed raising TRICARE insurance costs for retired military and their families .
This one is false .
It was actually the Bush administration that most recently proposed changes in TRICARE , which the hospital industry said would cost hospitals $ 458 million in its first year .
The RNC " Bill of Rights " document also recycles claims that Democrats are proposing $ 500 billion in Medicare cuts without mentioning that much of that is offset by proposed Medicare increases .
It falsely says that a comparative effectiveness research panel set up earlier this year could limit care based on a patient ’s age , when in fact the law expressly prohibits the council from issuing such mandates .
And the RNC implies , wrongly , that seniors who meet with their doctors to discuss end - of - life care could have their treatment cut off involuntarily .
In fact , these discussions would be voluntary and any directives limiting treatment would have to come from the patient .
Analysis
At this particular point in the health care debate , we ’re finding that there ’s not much new under the sun when it comes to false claims being made about the overhaul proposals .
But just in case pretty new packaging threatens to rope unwary citizens into believing some of these misrepresentations , we stand at the ready , and it is in that spirit that we tackle the Republican National Committee ’s new " Health Care Bill of Rights for Seniors . "
RNC Chairman Michael Steele and others in his party have been touting the document all week ;
Steele penned an op - ed that ran in The Washington Post , and did interviews on National Public Radio , ABC ’s Good Morning America , and Fox News Channel , among other outlets .
Here ’s what he said in the Post :
Steele , Washington Post , Aug. 24 : The Democrats ’ plan will hurt American families , small businesses and health - care providers by raising care costs , increasing the deficit , and not allowing patients to keep a doctor or insurance plan of their choice .
Furthermore , under the Democrats ’ plan , senior citizens will pay a steeper price and will have their treatment options reduced or rationed .
Republicans want reform that should , first , do no harm , especially to our seniors .
That is why Republicans support a Seniors ’ Health Care Bill of Rights , which we are introducing today , to ensure that our greatest generation will receive access to quality health care .
We ’ll take the particulars of the " Health Care Bill of Rights " in the order they are presented .
Raiding Medicare ?
RNC : PROTECT MEDICARE AND NOT CUT IT IN THE NAME OF HEALTH CARE REFORM : President Obama and Congressional Democrats are promoting a government - run health care experiment that will cut over $ 500 billion from Medicare to be used to pay for their plan .
Medicare should not be raided to pay for another entitlement .
FactCheck.org :
As we noted in our article More ‘ Senior Scare , ’ the bill that ’s currently pending in the House would indeed " cut " $ 500 billion or so from Medicare , but it would also increase expenditures in some areas .
The net amount that would be taken from the program would be about $ 219 billion , according to the Congressional Budget Office .
That ’s a 10 - year figure , by the way .
And any implication that seniors ’
Medicare benefits would be cut is false .
Rather , the bill calls for holding down payments to hospitals and other providers , other than physicians .
As we ’ve noted before , Republicans are accusing Democrats of pretty much the same thing that Obama wrongly accused John McCain of doing last year , when the GOP nominee proposed to pay for part of his own health care measure with " savings " in Medicare .
We called it a false scare tactic when Obama ’s TV ads said benefit levels would be reduced .
The RNC document does n’t go quite that far , but fails to make clear that what Democrats are proposing is n’t a cut in benefits .
Government Boards and Rationing by Age ?
RNC : PROHIBIT GOVERNMENT FROM GETTING BETWEEN SENIORS AND THEIR DOCTORS : The Democrats ’ government - run health care experiment will give patients less power to control their own medical decisions , and create government boards that would decide what treatments would or would n’t be funded .
Republicans believe in patient - centered reforms that put the priorities of seniors before government .
PROHIBIT EFFORTS TO RATION HEALTH CARE BASED ON AGE : The Democrats ’ government - run health care experiment would set up a " comparative effectiveness research commission " where health care treatment decisions could be limited based on a patient ’s age .
Republicans believe that health care decisions are best left up to seniors and their doctors .
FactCheck.org : Both of these claims have their root in fundamental miscastings of the Federal Coordinating Council for Comparative Effectiveness Research , a body created by the economic stimulus bill signed into law in February .
The council is n’t an " effort to ration health care based on age , " nor would it get " between seniors and their doctors . "
As we ’ve explained repeatedly , the council was created to monitor government research on the efficacy and cost - effectiveness of various treatments , and to help get the findings out to practitioners .
But the stimulus legislation even specifies that no dictates would come from this body regarding coverage of or reimbursement for any treatments : " Nothing in this section shall be construed to permit the Council to mandate coverage , reimbursement , or other policies for any public or private payer .
…
None of the reports submitted under this section or recommendations made by the Council shall be construed as mandates or clinical guidelines for payment , coverage , or treatment . "
And just in case that was n’t clear enough , the House Energy and Commerce Committee adopted an amendment to the House health care bill expressly prohibiting the comparative effectiveness research from being used to " deny or ration " care .
According to the RNC , the first claim also refers to something called the Independent Medicare Advisory Council , which the administration wants to create and imbue with the power to make an annual package of changes in what Medicare pays doctors .
The president could only block them by rejecting the entire package , and Congress could only do so by means of a congressional resolution .
The idea is to take politics out of these decisions , which could indeed ease the way for unpopular cost - cutting measures and possibly for reductions in some future benefit levels .
But IMAC is not a part of the pending bills .
Operative Word : Optional
RNC : PREVENT GOVERNMENT FROM INTERFERING
WITH END-OF -LIFE CARE DISCUSSIONS : The Democrats ’ government - run health care experiment would have seniors meet with a doctor to discuss end - of - life care that could mean limiting treatment .
Republicans believe that government should not interfere with end - of - life care discussions between a patient and a doctor .
FactCheck.org :
This is a somewhat milder version of the claim that was going around in a chain e-mail that the Democrats wanted to require seniors to undergo counseling every five years on how to end their lives sooner .
Former New York Lt. Gov. Betsy McCaughey furthered the myth , and in former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin ’s interpretation it took the form of so - called " death panels " that would decide whether elderly Americans are " worthy of care . "
We dealt with that in our piece " False Euthanasia Claims " as well as in " Palin vs. Obama : Death Panels . "
It ’s simply not true .
What the bill would do is allow seniors to have counseling sessions on end - of - life care issues with their doctors , which Medicare would pay for once every five years .
The sessions would be voluntary , and the discussions would only involve " limiting treatment " if that ’s the sort of directive that a senior wanted to give , say , in a living will .
Medicare ’s Private Plans
RNC : ENSURE SENIORS CAN KEEP THEIR CURRENT COVERAGE :
As Democrats continue to propose steep cuts to Medicare in order to pay for their government - run health care experiment , these cuts threaten millions of seniors with being forced from their current Medicare Advantage plans .
Republicans believe that seniors should not be targeted by a government - run health care bill and forced out of their current Medicare coverage .
FactCheck.org :
The vast majority of Medicare recipients would see little change in their interactions with the health care system under the bills currently pending .
But it ’s probable that some unknown number of the 22 percent of seniors , or more than 10 million individuals , who participate in Medicare Advantage programs would indeed need to pay more out of pocket , change plans or face reduced benefits – though never less than participants in traditional Medicare receive .
Update , Aug. 31 : The number likely to switch back would be 3 million or a bit more , according to Kenneth E. Thorpe , professor and chair of the Rollins School of Public Health at Emory University .
Thorpe is co-author of a 2007 study that estimated the effect on Medicare Advantage beneficiaries of possible policy changes .
We contacted Thorpe , who said the study used " a similar proposal " to what is now contained in H.R. 3200 .
At the time of the study the total number of Medicare Advantage enrollees was just over 8 million , and it is over 10 million currently .
So Thorpe said the number displaced by the House bill would be " at least " 3 million .
A little background : Medicare recipients since the 1970s have been able to choose to receive their benefits through private health plans , rather than through the traditional , government - run , fee - for - service form of Medicare .
Medicare Advantage is the most recent incarnation of this alternative .
Republicans have generally favored these private options more than Democrats , and in 2003 the GOP Congress and president increased the amount Medicare paid to the plans to handle Medicare beneficiaries .
At this point , government payments to Medicare Advantage plans are 14 percent higher per enrollee , on average , than the cost of traditional fee - for - service in a given geographical area , according to the Kaiser Family Foundation .
What do the plans do with the additional money ?
Often they use at least some of it to reduce premiums or cost - sharing for recipients .
In some cases , though not all , seniors have been able to save money by signing up for a Medicare Advantage program .
But according to the Medicare Payment Advisory Committee , which is an independent congressional agency , the additional spending for Medicare Advantage programs – which adds up to billions each year – is hastening the depletion of the Medicare trust fund .
It has also meant higher premiums for all Medicare beneficiaries , according to the Government Accountability Office , another nonpartisan arm of Congress .
As GAO put it , " beneficiaries covered under Medicare FFS are subsidizing the additional benefits and lower costs that MA beneficiaries receive . "
Long recognized as a possible source of savings – and mentioned as such by Obama during the presidential campaign – payments to Medicare Advantage programs under the House bill would be reduced over several years until they are equal to the costs of traditional Medicare .
( Medicare payments are calculated by county . )
The measure would reduce the growth of future Medicare spending by $ 156 billion over 10 years .
The result , based on prior experience with tinkering with the payment formulas , could be that some plans decide to withdraw from the Advantage program , said Brian Biles of George Washington University ’s Department of Health Policy in a telephone interview , leaving them to choose from surviving Medicare Advantage plans or return to the traditional Medicare fee for service program that currently covers the other 78 percent of beneficiaries .
Riling the Vets , Too
RNC : PROTECT VETERANS BY PRESERVING TRICARE AND OTHER BENEFIT PROGRAMS FOR MILITARY FAMILIES : Democrats recently proposed raising veterans ’ costs for the Tricare For Life program that many veterans rely on for treatment .
Republicans oppose increasing the burden on our veterans and believe America should honor our promises to them .
FactCheck.org :
The RNC tells us this refers to a budget proposal floated last spring by the Obama administration that would have allowed the Department of Veterans Affairs to bill vets ’ private insurance companies for the cost of treating combat - related injuries .
But as we noted earlier this year , the idea was quickly dropped and never made it into the president ’s budget , due in part to protests from veterans .
But more to the point , it had nothing to do with TRICARE , which is the Department of Defense health program covering active duty and retired military members and their families , or TRICARE for Life , which is for military retirees or family members who are 65 or over or otherwise eligible for Medicare .
In attempting to back up this claim , the RNC also cites a series of budget - cutting options issued by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office last January .
The ideas included raising out - of - pocket costs and other fees for veterans in TRICARE .
But that was just one of 115 ideas for cutting costs or otherwise changing federal health care programs , and CBO made clear that " the report makes no recommendations . "
The TRICARE idea does not appear in the pending health care overhaul bills .
And in fact , one of the news articles the RNC cites in support of this claim mentions that it was the Bush administration that most recently proposed TRICARE cuts , which were protested by many hospitals .
The news item speculated that " Obama also might follow the lead of his predecessor " and seek higher TRICARE fees , but so far Obama has not done so .
–by Viveca Novak
Correction , Aug. 31 : We originally wrote that government payments to Medicare Advantage plans were 114 percent higher than payments to traditional fee - for - service plans .
In fact , they are 114 percent as much – that is , 14 percent higher .
We have corrected this in the story .
Sources
U.S. House .
" H.R. 3200 . "
Obama , Barack and Joe Biden .
“ Barack Obama and Joe Biden ’s Plan to Lower Health Care Costs and Ensure Affordable , Accessible Health Care Coverage for All. ” barackobama.com .
Accessed 28 Aug 2009 .
Philpott , Tom. “ Obama Drops Vet Insurance Plan . ” Military.com .
19 March 2009 , accessed 28 Aug 2009 .
Rucker , Philip .
“ Obama ’s Turnabout on Vets Highlights Budgeting Nuances . ” The Washington Post. 21 March 2009 .
Morgan , Paulette .
“ Medicare Advantage . ” Congressional Research Service .
3 March 2009 .
Steele , Michael .
“ Protecting Our Seniors . ” The Washington Post . 24 Aug 2009 .
The Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation .
“ Medicare Advantage . ” April 2009 .
Biles , Brian , Jonah Pozen and Stuart Guterman .
“ The Continuing Cost of Privatization : Extra Payments to Medicare Advantage Plans Jump to $ 11.4 Billion in 2009 . ” The Commonwealth Fund Issue Brief .
May 2009 .
U.S. Government Accountability Office .
“ Medicare Advantage : Higher spending relative to Medicare fee - for - service may not ensure lower out - of - pocket costs for beneficiaries . ”
Statement of James Cosgrove . 28 Feb 2008 .
Medicare Payment Advisory Commission .
“ Report to the Congress : Medicare Payment Policy . ” March 2009 .
Atherly , Adam and Kenneth Thorpe .
" The Impact of Reductions in Medicare Advantage Funding on Beneficiaries . "
Emory University .
April 2007 .
Why stop object oriented programming at the web tier ?
Why settle for legacy ridden , prematurely optimizing , mind numbing frameworks when instead you could be having fun coding again ?
Enter Apache Wicket !
This session will cover the basic concepts of Apache Wicket and how you can leverage these to develop web applications with just Java and HTML .
We will also take a detailed look at building truly reusable custom components with excellent localization and AJAX support demonstrated by an example .
Aug. 31 , 2009  --
The Mercedes 600 carrying Princess Diana and her companion Dodi Fayed was traveling more than 85 miles per hour when it hit a concrete pillar head - on in the Place D'Alma underpass , crumbling like an accordion .
Both were killed , as well as the driver , Henri Paul -- later proven to have been under the influence of alcohol .
The Paris accident -- just before 12:30 a.m. local time 12 years ago today -- ended the life of one of Britain 's most celebrated royals , unleashing a torrent of emotion in that historically stoic culture and catapulting Diana to near sainthood status .
In the days that followed , she was memorialized as the " People 's Princess , " as those devastated by her loss turned on the nation 's out - of - touch monarchy , whom they blamed for her tragedy .
Conspiracy theories , all unsubstantiated , abounded .
Had she been assassinated by the royal family so her estranged husband , Prince Charles , could marry his longtime love Camilla Parker - Bowles ?
Did the British Secret Intelligence Service bump her off because she was pregnant with Egyptian Fayed 's Muslim child ?
But the most baffling question was whether doctors could have done more to prevent Diana , 36 , from dying .
The horrific accident illustrated the difference between the French and U.S. approaches to emergency care -- a relatively small piece of the French medical system , but deemed by some people to be the best in the world and often cited as a model for U.S. health care overhaul .
When rescue workers arrived , Diana was conscious , uttering , " My God " and " Leave me alone " to the swarming paparazzi .
Although she had suffered internal injuries , she did not arrive at the Parisian hospital for 110 minutes -- too late for the surgery that some speculated could have saved her life .
Diana 's last hour -- in cardiac arrest and bleeding to death -- was spent in a mobile medical unit parked a few hundred yards from Pitié - Salpêtrière Hospital , where an emergency team followed French protocol and administered treatment at the scene of the accident and en route to the hospital .
At the time , many people surmised that had a U.S. ambulance responded , Diana would have been rushed to the nearest emergency room , where a full set of professionals and diagnostic equipment might have revived her .
Colloquially known as " scoop and run , " the U.S. system is grounded in studies that show a trauma victim 's best chance for survival is reaching the operating room within 10 minutes .
Under the French system , " stay and play , " a fully equipped medical ambulance with a doctor stabilizes the patient and then directs him or her to a specialized hospital , even if it is miles away .
Car Crash Victims Served 24/7
" When a patient rolls into the American system , they have a level - one trauma center that runs 24/7 , with every specialty and myriad resources for a patient in a car crash , " said Dr. Preeti Jois - Bilowich , emergency room doctor at the University of Florida 's Shands Hospital .
Two or three paramedics focus on the ABCs of first responder care : airway , breathing and circulation .
Each state has different licensing requirements for its emergency workers and ambulance services .
In France , the government - run Service d'Aide Médicale d'Urgence ( SAMU ) , or Emergency Medical Assistance Service , provides more uniform care , coordinating the mobile resuscitation units .
Teams always include one doctor , usually an anesthesiologist or emergency room physician , and a driver who serves as a technician and a nurse paramedic .
In Diana 's case , a doctor who was passing by was the first on the scene and called for the ambulance , which arrived in seven minutes .
He saw no visible injuries and treated her for shock with oxygen .
Fayed and Paul both died at the scene and were taken directly to the mortuary .
The SAMU team spent an hour treating her in the tunnel .
Then , following French emergency standards aimed at not further injuring the victim , they drove slowly to the hospital about 4 miles away .
Yards from the hospital , her blood pressure dropped and the ambulance stopped again to revive her .
Diana Delayed 110 Minutes Before Death
Diana did n't arrive until after 2 a.m. -- 1 hour and 45 minutes after the crash -- and underwent an emergency thoracotomy .
Coroners pronounced her dead from hemorrhaging that resulted from major chest trauma and deceleration that caused a rupture of the left pulmonary vein .
Later , surgeons said that her heart had been displaced from the left to the right side of her chest .
In the 1998 book , " Death of a Princess , " Time magazine reporters Thomas Sancton and Scott MacLeod were critical of the French system , arguing that Diana could have been saved in a hospital operating room .
SAMU was so upset with the indictment , according to the authors , that they threatened to sue .
But Sancton and MacLeod later rescinded their theory , based on evaluations of the medical records , in a 2004 Vanity Fair piece on the British inquest into Diana 's death .
" I have actually revised my conclusions based on a fascinating series of interviews with a trauma specialist in Houston , " Sancton wrote in an e-mail to ABCNews.com .
" The bottom line is , whatever the merits or demerits of the French emergency medical system , poor Diana was a goner from the beginning because of the particular nature of her deceleration injury . "
Defenders of the French system say that major road accidents like Diana 's represent only about 12 percent of all emergency calls .
Most are falls , domestic accidents , cardiac arrests and neurological problems .
And even Jois -Bilowich of the University of Florida , who did her medical internship with SAMU in Paris in 2006 , sees its advantages .
French Emergency Workers Treat and Leave
" A lot of time , you get to the scene and you realize you can treat the patient right there , " she said .
" You can reassess in about 20 minutes and probably leave .
Somebody who has diabetes in the morning and did n't eat and had a hypoglycemic episode -- their sugar comes up and is good and you leave .
" Here , they get transported to the emergency department and adds one more patient to an already overburdened emergency room .
" In France , you have physicians available and you treat it right there , " she said .
" You take the drug bag to the scene , it has just about anything you can imagine .
It 's a mini-crash cart .
It 's kind of like a mobile emergency department , with limitations . "
But those limitations can be significant without X - ray or sonogram capability onboard .
Jois -Bilowich recalled one Paris call during her internship in which a man collapsed at an apartment construction site .
The team set up a mini-emergency room and , for 45 minutes , ran an EKG , did CPR and began medication for a heart attack .
Without full emergency room diagnostics , doctors had to make an educated guess on the drugs .
They were right , he survived but , had he ruptured an aorta , the drugs could have caused more problems or death .
" You make judgment calls , " Jois - Bilowich said .
The French emergency care reflects the overall health attitudes of that nation -- delivering basic primary care and health education to everyone will mean fewer expensive emergency room visits and hospitalizations later on .
Amid the health care debate here , some Americans are taking notice .
The French , at 10.7 percent of the gross domestic product , spend less than Americans do on health care at 16 percent of their GDP , according to 2009 Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development health data .
French Health Care Tops World
The World Health Organization recently rated the French system as the best in the world .
By comparison , the United States rated 37th .
The average life expectancy in France is 79.4 years , two years fewer than in the United States .
Both countries are struggling with rising drug costs , aging populations and unemployment , but about 65 percent of all French citizens , compared with 40 percent of all Americans , are happy with their medical care , according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development .
The French can choose their own doctors , see specialists and have access to some of the most sophisticated research and medical technology in the world , according to Victor Rodwin , professor of health policy and management at New York University .
" The American and French system share similar dimensions , " he told ABCNews.com .
" They are both based on fee - for - service practices , there is a large element of private provision and they also have a small equivalent of the gap supplement insurance like Medicare .
It 's a public - private mix . "
In France , everyone is covered , regardless of their ability to pay , with an emphasis on primary care to prevent long - term illness .
" What we do is quite different , " Rodwin said .
" We take care of people , but not everyone , and we do it once they get very sick .
We take diabetics with flare - ups and asthmatics in the emergency room , but we do n't do primary care or health education as well for the poor .
" Our population is much sicker compared to France , " according to Rodwin , whose research finds that Americans have the highest rates of avoidable hospitalizations -- two and a half times higher than the French -- for treatable conditions like pneumonia , asthma , diabetes and congestive heart failure .
That 's according to a 2008 study from the National Institute of Public Health and the Environment .
" The French have a term -- solidarity , " Rodwin said .
" Since World War II , the system is grounded in the philosophy that everyone should have access to health care .
That does n't mean everyone is treated equally .
There are those who are more educated or higher socio- economic groups that use more specialty care and probably have access to better quality care , but everyone has access to the minimum . "
Mary , a freelance writer who did not want to use her last name , lives in Paris and is a " big booster of the French system . "
The school nurse called the fire department after her son had an asthma attack several years ago .
" Soon after , I received a call from a doctor on the scene telling me exactly what was going on and what treatment Luke was getting at the school , " she said .
" He suggested taking Luke to the hospital for a few hours of observation , after which I could pick him up . "
U.S. Emergency Rooms ' Tangle of Forms '
" I find the emergency room responses the most dramatic change from the U.S. , " Mary said .
" I 've always had excellent health insurance in the U.S. and I 've found every American emergency room visit a tangle as I fill out form after form and sign over my first born before anyone will even look at an injured or sick kid .
" Here , because everyone is insured , there 's never any questions in hospitals that people will be treated , and treated quickly , because there 's no worry someone 's going to be stiffed with the bill . "
Jois -Bilowich agreed that the French system is more cost - effective and that most people admitted to U.S. emergency rooms are treated and then released .
But , she argues , the U.S. system of trauma care is superior .
As for the ill - fated accident that took the life of Diana , she wo n't venture a guess at what her outcome might have been in the United States , noting that even simple trauma cases can " crash " on the operating table .
" I , personally , really hate the retroscope , " she said .
" We were n't there and we did n't know the circumstances .
Every patient is an individual human being and not a computer system , and so many things can confound what you think is a simple situation . "
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Heikki Kovalainen has been told that he needs to raise his game over the remainder of the season if he is to have any chance of keeping hold of his seat at McLaren in 2010 .
AUTOSPORT understands that Kovalainen 's option for next year with McLaren has now lapsed , although the team has not ruled out retaining the Finn .
Team principal Martin Whitmarsh has made it clear however that Kovalainen needs to deliver more in the next few races than he has shown so far this season - and the Finn was informed of the situation during a factory visit on Wednesday .
" Heikki is doing , as a team player , a fantastic job in this team , " Whitmarsh said in a Vodafone McLaren Mercedes ' Phone - In ' media call .
" On his own evaluation he has not raced as well as he would have liked and we would have liked him to this year .
" I was frankly just talking to him on the subject a few minutes before this call .
He is working hard ...
" A lot of us want to see Heikki get some good results this year , and that will ensure that he remains with us .
That is certainly our wish .
His goal going into Valencia this weekend is to win - and he is capable of winning the race this weekend .
" He has been a good qualifier , he has done some good qualifying times , and he is capable of qualifying well and winning this race .
So that is what he is going to focus on , and I 've just had that conversation with him .
Then on Sunday evening he will start thinking about Spa , and that is what we want him to focus on - not all the speculation . "
In a boost to Kovalainen 's situation , McLaren is adamant it has not begun discussions with any other driver yet about a seat in 2010 , despite fresh rumours linking Nico Rosberg with the outfit now that the German 's previous likely destination BMW Sauber is out of F1 .
" Speculation is normal , " said Whitmarsh .
" We are not commenting on it , but I can confirm that contrary to some of the speculation we are not in discussions with any other drivers outside this team at the moment . "
And , denying any talk that McLaren was under pressure to take a German driver to appease engine partner Mercedes - Benz , Whitmarsh said : " In terms of nationality , obviously some nationalities from a marketing perspective are more convenient , but McLaren continues to have the strategy and policy that we will get the two best drivers in our cars every season , and that is what we will continue to do . "
FUCK Bike
San Antonio
This is the piece that started it all in San Antonio .
I arrived in San Antonio after spending two years is Japan teaching English .
There I set up a studio to continue my bicycle fabrication and performing from my undergraduate days .
My professor asked me what my first project would be .
I responded , " I 'm going to make a FUCK Bike . "
He said that he did n't know if that was such a great idea .
I made the bike the next week and showed it to him .
At that point he said , " Well , its not like you could ride it downtown or anything . "
My experience riding my ecentric bicycles told me otherwise so I said , " Watch me . "
Having tailored my first yellow satin suit during my stay in Japan , I decided that an outlandish costume would be appropriate for this project .
FUCK Bike NBC News Footage
November 5 , 2004
" Obscene Bike . "
News 4 . Amy Davis .
NBC .
WAOI , San Antonio , 5 November 2004 .
Television .
News coverage of Jimmy Kuehnle 's first performance bicycle ride in San Antonio , Texas .
Kuehnle dons an outlandish costume and pedals a bicycle that spells out the word " FUCK " in capital letters .
He rides the bicycle across San Antonio stopping at art galleries and museums along the way .
Will Foster became a poster child for the mindless cruelties of the drug war more than a decade ago .
The Tulsa computer consultant and medical marijuana user -- he suffers from degenerative arthritis -- was raided by police with a warrant for a methamphetamine lab back in 1995 .
Police found no meth , but they did find a small marijuana garden .
The unfortunate Foster was convicted of cultivation and sentenced in 2007 to a mind - blowing 93 years in prison .
Will Foster ( medicalmarijuanaofamerica.com )
It took a growing national movement and , ultimately , an Oklahoma Supreme Court decision to get that sentence redressed .
After the state high court threw out his sentence , Foster was resentenced to 20 years , twice denied parole , then finally paroled to the more medical marijuana - friendly state of California , where he moved in temporarily with " Guru of Ganja " Ed Rosenthal , who had testified in his defense in Oklahoma and then befriended him .
And they all lived happily ever after , right ?
Wrong .
Although Foster settled into a law - abiding life in Northern California , picking up a new family along the way , and successfully completed what the state of California considered an adequate parole period , that was n't good enough for the state of Oklahoma .
Upset that California officials had n't kept him on parole as long as they would have , Oklahoma parole officials demanded that he return to that benighted state to finish his parole and when he , perhaps understandably , declined , issued a warrant for his arrest for violating the terms of his parole .
Nothing came of that until Foster had his ID checked in a police encounter , but then , the pending Oklahoma warrant popped up , and Foster was jailed in California to be returned to Oklahoma to finish the rest of his sentence .
With nothing to lose , Foster fought the warrant by filing a writ of habeas corpus and winning its dismissal in the California courts in 2006 .
Susie Mueller and family
Once again , Foster was a free man , but Oklahoma still was n't done with him .
Oklahoma parole officials then offered to reinstate him in the interstate compact , which governs the supervision of parolees who parole to states other than the one in which they were sentenced , but then added that they had made a mistake when originally calculating the length of his parole period .
His parole did n't end in 2011 , but in 2015 , they said , demanding he sign a document to that effect .
Again , perhaps understandably , Foster declined that offer , and again , the state of Oklahoma issued another warrant for his arrest for violating the terms of his parole .
By then , Foster had moved to Santa Rosa , California , about 50 miles north of San Francisco , and was in a relationship with and supporting a local woman , Susie Mueller , and her three daughters .
At Foster 's residence , he had a medical marijuana grow , all completely legal under state law and county guidelines .
But he also had a personal enemy , Mueller 's estranged husband , who told law enforcement officials he was operating a major marijuana grow operation .
The next thing Foster and Mueller knew , DEA agents and Sonoma County sheriff 's deputies were kicking down Foster 's door , the couple was arrested on state marijuana cultivation charges , and Mueller 's youngest daughter was taken into custody as an endangered child .
" It was terrible , " said Mueller .
" They did a full - on raid and arrested him over seven mature plants , and they arrested me and took my daughter away .
They thought because he knew Ed there was something big going on .
They said if I told them where the other grows were , they would n't arrest me and take my daughter .
I told them that 's all there was and that he was within the guidelines , and they said ' take her kid , ' and they arrested me . "
A hard - nosed Sonoma County prosecutor delayed months before dropping the baseless charges , and Foster sat in the Sonoma County Jail the whole time .
But even after the charges were dropped , Foster remains behind bars , fighting the extradition warrant back to Oklahoma .
It 's now going on 16 months of imprisonment for him .
" In their warrant , they said I violated the terms and conditions of parole in Oklahoma , then fled Oklahoma to escape justice , " Foster said Wednesday in a phone call from the jail .
" But I have n't been back in Oklahoma since I left in 2001 .
I successfully finished parole here , I beat back that earlier extradition effort , and they 're still coming after me . "
California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger routinely signed off on the Oklahoma warrant without knowing all the facts , Foster said .
" The governor has not been given all the information .
Oklahoma did n't tell him I had finished parole , had an earlier extradition attempt thrown out , or that they had tried to extend my parole six years after the fact , " he pointed out .
Neither the California nor the Oklahoma governors ' offices nor Oklahoma parole officials responded to Chronicle inquiries about the Foster case .
Now , with his options running out , Foster and his supporters are pursuing two strategies , one political and one judicial .
The first is aimed at the two governors , urging them to revoke the warrants .
The second is to file another writ of habeas corpus , which Foster said he would do at the end of this month .
Otherwise , he will be taken back to Oklahoma in shackles before July is over .
" I am asking the governor of Oklahoma to recall the warrant and commute my sentence and let me live in peace in California and just leave me alone , " he said .
" I 'm asking Gov. Schwarzenegger to not honor the extradition request .
There is case law suggesting that he does not have to grant extradition ; he can deny it and recall his warrant . "
Ed Rosenthal is leading the campaign to free Foster .
On his blog is complete information about how to contact the two governors to ask them to recall the warrants .
" Every human being whose life is disrupted because of the marijuana laws deserves our attention , but Will 's case is important first because people already know about the terrible injustice done to him back in Oklahoma , and second because it 's just so weird and egregious , " said Rosenthal .
" People just shake their heads and say this should n't be happening .
We 're trying to get him out , and we 're trying to bring this injustice to the attention of people who do n't already know about it , " he said .
" Apparently , Oklahoma has a lot of money to burn on this vindictiveness , " he noted .
" This is a sad and stupid case . "
It 's costing cash - strapped California , too .
The cost for imprisoning Foster for the past 15 months is now in excess of $ 100,000 , and that does n't include the cost of the bogus marijuana cultivation prosecution .
" I 'll be filing a habeas writ on June 29 , " Foster said , " and the state will have 15 days to respond .
There will probably be a hearing in 30 days . "
It 's unusual for habeas writs to be granted , and Foster is uncertain about his prospects for victory , but is prepared for the long haul .
" If I do n't win there , I can drag this out for years .
I could go all the way to the California Supreme Court , and then into the federal courts .
But that would require that I continue to sit here in jail , " he said .
Susie Mueller visits
Foster in jail almost every day .
" This is heartbreaking for me , it 's very emotionally difficult because he should n't be in there , " she said .
" But I 'm really devoted to him .
I go almost every night , and we talk for an hour and play tic - tic - toe and go over the case . "
In one of the strange ironies of Foster 's ordeal , Mueller said she had gathered signatures for petitions seeking his release when he was imprisoned in Oklahoma a decade ago .
" I met him at work here in Santa Rosa and did n't even realize he was that Will Foster , " she laughed .
" What a coincidence . "
" Ed and Susie are the best advocates a guy could have , " said Foster .
" I 'm so grateful for all they 're doing . "
For Foster , Oklahoma 's efforts to punish him further are not about justice , but vengeance .
" I beat them on the sentencing , I beat them on the first extradition warrant , and they want to teach me a lesson , " he said .
" They want to impose their authority . "
Right now , the decision to extradite Foster back to Oklahoma is up to the two governors and their extradition specialists .
An outpouring of public support in favor of allowing Foster to remain in California as a free man could make the difference .
READER COMMENTS ON
" FBI Whistleblower Sibel Edmonds Subpoenaed , Set to ' Break ' Gag Order Unless DoJ Intercedes "
( 66 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 8/6/2009 @ 1:58 am PT ...
Now can everybody say " quash " ...
There is no way America can hear
what Sibel ( Goddess of Truth ) Edmonds has to say ... it would make Watergate look like a prank and Clinton 's blow jobs no more than " heavy petting " .
This women should have 24/7 protection and if anything happens to her it will rest on the conscience of every American , living or dead .
This atheist prays for your safety .
Imagine if all American born citizens had your determination to " support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies , foreign and domestic " .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... odszkodowanie said on 8/6/2009 @ 2:52 am PT ...
{ Ed Note : Comment deleted .
Spam . - BF}
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... phil said on 8/6/2009 @ 3:20 am PT ...
When I first read this , I got a heart palpatation , that 's my internal body 's warning system telling me , that this is very serious stuff .
I sincerely hope nothing goes wrong .
In my opinion this is what a REAL FBI AGENT who raised their hand and took the oath should be doing .
There is no higher integrity .
If the DOJ intercedes , it 's proof our government is completely saturated with corruption through and through .
If they do n't intercede , it should be a historic world headline , and no expense spared to track down the moles , rats and treasonous scum .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... betterthannosn said on 8/6/2009 @ 5:06 am PT ...
Sibel has been making these alleagations for years now .
Exactly how much interest have they so far generated ?
The problem is not that it 's not newsworthy or IMO not even that corporate media will stonewall it .
People just do n't have the stomach for anything that could infer our government is corrupt .
The ' Conspiracy theorist ' tag no doubt thrown on all questioners by the Talking heads .
Ive read and appreciated Sibel 's daring for years .
The info has been out there if people are really interested in seeing it .
That damn librul media !
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Eric said on 8/6/2009 @ 5:07 am PT ...
Sibel Edmonds is a real American that really cares about this country .
How can any gag order against her be considered legitimate ?
She 's exposing the crimes of our mafia government .
Sibel Edmonds should immediately tell everything she knows on the internet .
No jury would * ever * convict this patriot for doing what is right .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... scrybe said on 8/6/2009 @ 6:05 am PT ...
Let us hope they do n't interfere with violence .
Maybe she has a stash of videos scattered around , to be released should she be " silenced " .
God Speed Mrs. Edmonds !
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Robert Brown said on 8/6/2009 @ 6:39 am PT ...
Sibel ... PLEASE DON'T FLY TO THIS EVENT !!!
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... carlitos said on 8/6/2009 @ 7:11 am PT ...
In October of 2007 --- after she had exhausted all other options , having been shut down by both Congress and the Supreme Court due to the Bush Administration 's twice - imposed gag order -- Could you link to this ' gag order ' please ?
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/6/2009 @ 7:50 am PT ...
Do n't get " Michael Connelled " .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/6/2009 @ 7:52 am PT ...
" Ohio 's Republican U.S. Congresswoman Jean Schmidt ( R - 2nd District ) has filed a complaint against her 2008 " Is n't Jean Schmidt the one who won that " election " where the machines went down due to " moisture " ( moisture inside a building only at that building and only during the crucial end counting ) ?
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/6/2009 @ 7:53 am PT ...
Jean " Moisture " Schmidt
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/6/2009 @ 7:55 am PT ...
Then it happened : the “ humidity ” crisis .
For pure drama , it could not have occurred at a more dramatic point in the vote tabulation .
Of Clermont County ’s 191 precincts , 100 had been counted .
Then the Board of Elections announced that excessive humidity had caused ballots to swell , making them difficult to count .
As a result , there would be a delay in the count .
At this point , the election was dead even statistically , at 50 % for each candidate .
The 91 precincts in Clermont represented about 12 % of the remaining vote .
When the crisis was resolved , the 50 - 50 % tie changed into a 52 % to 48 % victory for Schmidt .
http://www.scoop.co.nz/stories/HL0508/S00186.htm
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/6/2009 @ 7:57 am PT ...
A delay in the count ... indoor moisture ... indoor raincloud ... at a crucial time at the end of the " counting " ... and the machines came back up with a win for Jean Schmidt !
Yippie !!!!
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 8/6/2009 @ 8:46 am PT ...
Too many disappointments , in terms of this administration actually making needed change and going after the criminal cabal behind dur chimpfurher , for me to get too excited yet .
But I will give Sibel a lot of credit for taking a strong stand in support of our democracy .
And kudos for Brad to be posting this - hey , ya even got a link from JEFF RENSE ( rense.com ) .
I do n't know , Brad , you break some good stuff here , espeically over chimpy 's stolen elections , but do you think you have ever got a link from rense before ?
He posts a lot of that disrespectfully refers to Obama as " barky " , including all the larry sinclair stuff .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... mariejoy said on 8/6/2009 @ 10:20 am PT ...
With all thats gong on , you 'd think the American people would rise up and kick the bums out but , no , we keep electing the same crooks , election after election , after election , after election ...
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Dirk Diggler said on 8/6/2009 @ 10:29 am PT ...
Sibel Edmonds is a disinformation agent working for the Persians .
This has been proven .
In her capacity as a translator after 9 - 11 , she buried information that would have incriminated them in 9 - 11 , and sought to deflect attention elsewhere by slandering memebers of the US government and intelligence agencies .
Only morons like the author and the idiots who patronize this site would believe otherwise .
{ Ed Note : " Dirk " your post comes very close to violating our few rules for posting comments here , in that it is pure disinformation .
There is no such information , " proven " or otherwise to my knowledge of anything you wrote above .
Since I do n't know if it's " knowing " disinfo on your part , or you 're just gullible and / or a disinfo troll , I 'll leave it stand with this warning , that should you post such comments here again , without evidence to back up your claim , the post will be removed and you will be banned from posting here entirely .
Thank you .
- BF}
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... phil said on 8/6/2009 @ 10:35 am PT ...
I found a disturbing video to watch .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XCWNe0pBTI
I can't believe the Ftard - ness and irony of this spin .
it exists it other places as well .
http://www.diggersrealm..../mt/archives/002221.html
Scum of the earth .
( no offense to the band ) I always wondered what happened .
13 MILLION the LAPD paid to victims .
VICTIMS
We were right .
They were wrong .
Digger needs to have a mental examination .
and http://www.youtube.com/user/ALIPAC1
should be sued .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... phil said on 8/6/2009 @ 10:40 am PT ...
Dirk Diggler , Fuck your personal attack shit .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... phil said on 8/6/2009 @ 10:47 am PT ...
Dear 99 and BF , do n't get confused the word " digger " and " diggler " are two different things , unless it 's the same person spinning shit
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... phil said on 8/6/2009 @ 10:49 am PT ...
if it is the same person , then we now know more about our enemy .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... phil said on 8/6/2009 @ 10:58 am PT ...
{ Ed Note : Comment deleted .
No , you 're not going to be banned , Phil .
But you know our rules for commenting here , so you know better than to make personal attacks on other commenters .
Please do n't .
Post deleted .
If you 're able to confine your posts to just one or two in a row , instead of multiples upon multiples , it 'll likely be appreciated by many readers here as well .
Thanks .
- BF}
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... phil said on 8/6/2009 @ 11:02 am PT ...
Want me to start using proxies ?
Good luck banning me .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... phil said on 8/6/2009 @ 11:04 am PT ...
I bet it 's the same people that compromised my last box .
but they are going to have a hard time doing that again .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... phil said on 8/6/2009 @ 11:06 am PT ...
And by the way why would a Persian whistle blow about nukes ?
Would n't they keep their mouth shut instead ?
{ Ed Note : Comment partially deleted .
No , personal attacks on other commenters , Phil .
Please do not do so .
Thanks .
- BF}
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... phil said on 8/6/2009 @ 11:08 am PT ...
{ Ed Note : Comment deleted .
No , personal attacks on other commenters , Phil .
Please do not do so .
Thanks .
- BF}
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Orangutan . said on 8/6/2009 @ 11:13 am PT ...
Thanks Brad for all your hard work on this issue .
It is a refreshing change from what we see on the mainstream corporate controlled media .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... phil said on 8/6/2009 @ 11:13 am PT ...
Unless you change the way the security on your blog operates the best you 'll ever do is moderate me .
But the thing is , I 'm not the enemy .
I ain't using proxies , I been trying to follow the rules you set out .
I have no REASON to crack my way in .
I wo n't .
But I am tired of this shit .
All the freaking test propaganda coming from corporate sources , wanna challenge them you better have a big list of proxies .
And a lot of time to make accounts balanced with a lot of email accounts .
It 's no wonder people are so fucking confused .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... phil said on 8/6/2009 @ 11:16 am PT ...
I know I am going to get moderated / banned .
I accept that .
And I will apologize right now .
But this has to be said .
SOMEBODY HAS TO SAY IT .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... phil said on 8/6/2009 @ 11:17 am PT ...
I 'm sorry .
Goodbye
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 8/6/2009 @ 11:27 am PT ...
ummmmmmm ... yeah , phil .
Right ... it had to be said .
Thanks for , well , you know , saying it .
The choice of an endless stream of disjointed , incoherent posts is an , well , " interesting " way to say it .
but , ummmmmmmmmmmmmm ... if that is your contribution ...
Only 1 crazy troll in this thread , digger ...
I 'd have to say this is pretty good , especially considering that major nutcase Web like rense is linking to this post .
Enjoy whatever you are going to do instead of bloggin ' here when you are banned ( or whatever ) , phil - thanks for , ummmmmmmmm ... " takin ' one for the team " .
Well , that 's not really what happened .... but , well , you know , that 's how stuff , like , goes , you know , sometimes .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 8/6/2009 @ 11:59 am PT ...
Hey phil , that 's a great new name for a band !
" The Moderated Banned " Get it ?
Ahh , you wo n't be banned , phil .
You 're just having a bad day .
Sibel , I hope this deposition goes through .
That would be awesome .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/6/2009 @ 12:02 pm PT ...
Dirk " Memphis Mom " Diggler .
" Stumbled " upon the blog ... by accident !
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/6/2009 @ 12:03 pm PT ...
Here 's how you know it 's astroturfing : they never come back .
They 're " one time comments " .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/6/2009 @ 12:05 pm PT ...
One - time commenters who " stumbled " upon this blog .... and never " stumbled " upon it again .
One - time " stumblers " .
Or , Brad would call them : " STUBMLE - STERS " .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... a j weishar said on 8/6/2009 @ 12:19 pm PT ...
The Times of India article is being blocked .
You can go to the teaser by paging through the U.S. articles .
It gas a picture of BinLaden .
The link hangs up then drops a blank page ..... as so many censored articles are prone to do .
Foreign countries seem to have better free speech rights than we do .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 8/6/2009 @ 12:35 pm PT ...
Stumble along now ...
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Archie1954 said on 8/6/2009 @ 12:43 pm PT ...
Everytime the government steps in to hide evidence of treachery or wrongdoing it feeds conspiracy theories and then wonders why people believe such things .
You would think by now that they would have their act together enough to allow some semblance of the truth to be publicized regardless of where it leads to .
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 8/6/2009 @ 12:44 pm PT ...
I also tried the Times of India link .
The text of the article is not there - just the various links to other stories etc. - the standard template stuff , no article body .
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Disillusioned said on 8/6/2009 @ 1:16 pm PT ...
The times of India link is working fine for me ( using Firefox ) .
It shows a brief article outlining Sibel 's claims that Bin Laden and the Taliban had ' close ties ' to the US until 9/11 .
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... lysias said on 8/6/2009 @ 1:47 pm PT ...
I followed the link , and was able to read the Times of India story .
Which are the " agencies " to which the Times of India attributes the story , I wonder ?
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... David said on 8/6/2009 @ 2:02 pm PT ...
It would be terrific to see Sibel Edmonds finally be able to tell all she knows .
As an Armenian American , the Edmonds case and its connections to Turkey and the pro-Israel lobby are of particular interest .
I wrote an article ( " Scandalized : Neocons and the Jewish and Turkish Lobbies " ) that covered the connection between the Edmonds case and other spy scandals .
It is a few years old but still relevant .
If you can't click on the following link , please just copy and paste it into your address bar : http://www.hairenik.com/...nweekly/com11260502p.htm
On a somewhat related subject , you may also wish to visit www.NoPlaceForDenial.com and look at the News Archive and History of Lobbying ( by certain - not all - Jewish organizations , in league with Turkey ) against Armenian Americans .
The cast of characters partially overlaps that of the Edmonds case .
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... carlitos said on 8/6/2009 @ 4:21 pm PT ...
Would you please link to the " gag order " now ?
It 's a public document , right ?
Why not link the various " gag orders " since she 's the " most gagged woman in America ? "
Post them here .
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Mr. Mister said on 8/6/2009 @ 4:42 pm PT ...
@ Robert Brown : I agree .
When going against the FBI or CIA , you do n't want to fly .
The planes have a way of crashing with whistleblowers on board .
You should also stay away from ropes because whistleblowers seem to hang themselves a lot too .
Oh , and stay away from elevator shafts and balconies .
Thank you Sibel !
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 8/6/2009 @ 5:37 pm PT ...
From David's Link / article " Sibel ’s Bombshell Christopher Deliso of Balkanalysis.com recently asked Sibel Edmonds whether “ the Turkish and Israeli [ Franklin / AIPAC ] investigations had some overlap . ”
Edmonds answered with this bombshell : “ There is only one investigation ... a very big ... all - inclusive one ...
You can start from the AIPAC angle [ or ] the [ Valerie ]
Plame case ... they revolve around the same nucleus of people . ”
It is no exaggeration , therefore , to say that together the three spy cases could become the biggest scandal in U.S. history .
" WOW
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 8/6/2009 @ 5:38 pm PT ...
Carlitos - I 'm working on an update to this story right now , so can't go do your Googling for you .
But are you suggesting that the Bush Admin did not actually invoke the State Secrets privilege on her ?
And that she was not , in turn , gagged ??
Try Googling just about any MSM source on her , view the 60 Minutes episode , read the Vanity Fair article , check ACLU 's case on her behalf , etc .
Whether the orders themselves are actually public , I do n't recall .
Given that she ( and her attorneys ! ) were disallowed from even being in the courtroom when the DoJ argued for their state secrets claim , I suspect the bulk of the specifics of that claim ( if any of it at all ) is absolutely not public .
There are , however , many well - sourced references to it .
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... phil said on 8/6/2009 @ 6:36 pm PT ...
quote " Sibel Edmonds is a disinformation agent working for the Persians .
This has been proven . "
This is one thing right there that pissed me off , I might have sounded like I do n't like Persians , which is n't true .
The seeds of doubt ( " it 's proven " ) are planted in people 's minds , as long as that crap exists .
Then in true Sheriff of Nottingham style , Sibel is suddenly turned into the oath breaker .
The ultimate way of crushing dissent .
With it 's spelling errors and all , the one paragraph wastes hours of my time .
quote " In her capacity as a translator after 9 - 11 , she buried information that would have incriminated them in 9 - 11 , and sought to deflect attention elsewhere by slandering memebers of the US government and intelligence agencies . "
And I disagree , Diggler did attack everyone here calling us idiots and morons ..
While I am wrong to break the rules for commenting here , comments like that are what keep the testbeds of propaganda ( for lack of a better term ) alive .
They allow corporate media to rephrase their headline so it less important than American Idol .
They allow the uninitiated visitor to keep a flame of doubt in the back of their mind .
The reality is American Idol could be vaporized one day by the gag orders and attacks on Sibel .
And that pisses me off .
My dilemma here is , this blog is one of the only places discussing these kind of issues .
At the same time , I am so burned out from this psyop crap that I can't deal with it .
They are so adept at spending 30 seconds with such loaded paragraphs which take me hours to march around through my head .
Ultimately , we all " need to know " if there were nuke secrets passed to foreign countries .
Who , What , When , Where , Why , and How .
I do n't particularly care about the details OF the " nuke secret " ( as I do n't have a " need to know " that ) but we all have a " need to know " about the details of the actions , and the interdiction of the people involved .
But instead of that , we are all left with a big red question mark .
So yeah , I blew my stack today .
I got sucked in .
This is why I wish I could just go live on a nice tropical island somewhere .
And be an ostrich with my head in the sand .
Problem is with these rats moles and traitors running around , there may come a day when everything but my head in the sand is vaporized ( to steal back a term from Condie Rice ) because they were allowed to continue .
The more I give my opinion , the worse it makes me look .
I get how that works , it 's more of the Sheriff of Nottingham setup .
It gives them an excuse to say , " look dissent . "
" Look threats "
And paint a target .
Up above I showed you a video .
The video was stolen from someone else and re-edited with title screens .
at TRT 00;27
Did you happen to notice it said , " This propaganda
footage was shot
and edited by blogger
Brad Friedman
of Los Angeles " ?
I noticed it , and I was quite confused at first , trying to figure it out .
( for those who do n't have a flash player or can't access youtube ...
http://sacxtra.com/image/propaganda.jpg
That 's how they roll .
And when you call em out on it they turn YOU into the bad guy .
Hopefully your starting to understand MY frustration .
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... Rabbit said on 8/6/2009 @ 7:55 pm PT ...
@another joe
You are mistaken about Rense website .
The Brad Blog is regularly featured on it , for one thing , and indeed it is the only reason I ever read this blog , which I enjoy when I am led here all the same .
Rense is an excellent nexus site and second to none .
As for articles which refer to Obama as " Barky " , something I myself usually do , so what ?
Rense is a balanced site , carrying both sides to many issues .
It does not only feature things selected for agreeing with a preconcieved opinion .
Rense features articles sometimes which are directly opposed to most of their readers ' views , but they do so in a spirit of honesty and balance , and they correct any errors they discover in their reporting , for example hoaxes are featured from time to time , but as soon as the HOAX is outed , Rense is the first place you will find that reported .
Lastly , it seems you are yourself severely limited by your own puny ideology and actually consider " Barky " to be something .
Any serious reader of alternative news sites , like Rense , should long since be alert to the utter meaninglessness of which candidate even won the last election .
You should forget the internet , and go back to TV , if you still think that US elections matter , that you actually get leaders on offer when there are elections and that if you actually got one , it would be able to do anything but business as usual , and as defined by the usual suspects .
Toddle off now and leave ; open information sources , logical deduction and critical thinking are not for you .
You evidently only want your preconcieved notions fed back to you in news , so go on and stick to television and the rest of the lamestream media .
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 8/6/2009 @ 8:14 pm PT ...
Rabbit :
You are allowed to speak freely here , within just a few very reasonable rules , but you do not get to tell people to leave ... no matter what .
Can we all get clear on that point ?
This is Brad 's blog .
He gets to tell people to leave at whim , though he mostly does n't .
I have to tell some people they 're outta here , within certain parameters , betimes , but , other than that , we expect people to be able to disagree and express themselves without personal attacks and this bullshit suggesting someone is not welcome here .
I 'm not going to lose my Zen tonight , but I must warn you guys , I 've developed a way to send deadly current to your keyboards , so ... be warned ....
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... MG said on 8/6/2009 @ 8:17 pm PT ...
9/11 Truth
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 8/6/2009 @ 8:25 pm PT ...
[ed note : Comment deleted .
Personal attack and knowing disinformation . -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 8/6/2009 @ 8:27 pm PT ...
Hey , rabbit , which side of the rense / alex jones war are you on ?
It is n't possible to be on both , one a rabid hater of jewish people , the other with a jewish family spewing bile about arabs .
You must choose !
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... carlitos said on 8/6/2009 @ 8:47 pm PT ...
But are you suggesting that the Bush Admin did not actually invoke the State Secrets privilege on her ?
And that she was not , in turn , gagged ??
Yes , that is what I am suggesting .
Feel free to post the relevant gag order and prove me wrong .
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 8/7/2009 @ 12:25 am PT ...
carlitos in Australia we have a term for people like you , it not dickhead , its not a -hole , its not moron , its not shit for brains , its " do n't worry dear it will be OK " .
So here are some links dear enjoy and get enlightened .
Ex -FBI translator plans appeal to Supreme Court
By Chris Strohm cstrohm@govexec.com
May 9 , 2005
An FBI contract employee who was fired after alleging national security breaches within the bureau 's translation service plans to appeal to the Supreme Court to lift a gag order that she has been under for almost three years .
Sibel Edmonds lost her latest court battle on Friday when the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia upheld a lower court 's ruling that dismissed her lawsuit against the Justice Department .
Edmonds alleges there were security breaches , mismanagement and possible espionage within the FBI 's translation service in late 2001 and early 2002 .
She says the information she knows would lead to criminal prosecutions if aggressively pursued .
" We are going to the Supreme Court , that 's for sure , " Edmonds said Monday .
Edmonds , who worked under contract in the FBI 's Washington field office , sued the Justice Department after being fired in 2002 .
The U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia dismissed her lawsuit last summer after former Attorney General John Ashcroft invoked the state secrets privilege , which allows the government to withhold information to safeguard national security .
District Judge Reggie Walton said information about Edmonds ' case would cause serious damage to the national security and foreign policy interests of the United States if publicly disclosed .
The Justice Department 's inspector general issued a summary report in January concluding that the FBI failed to properly investigate charges made by Edmonds .
The report also concluded that the FBI fired Edmonds mainly for bringing forth the accusations .
The appeals court heard Edmonds ' case last month , but closed its proceedings to the public , despite motions to open the courtroom filed by several news media organizations .
Edmonds said her lawyers were questioned for only 10 minutes before being instructed by the judge to leave the courtroom .
Lawyers for the government remained inside the room .
About 20 minutes later , Edmonds said she and her lawyers were informed that the hearing was over .
Edmonds and her legal team are seeking a transcript of the proceedings .
" We do n't know what the government argued , " Edmonds said .
During the hearing , Chief Judge Douglas Ginsberg asked if Edmonds ' complaint could be resolved through an administrative hearing within the FBI .
The next day , government lawyers told the court that the state secrets privilege did not give Edmonds the ability to pursue an administrative hearing , arguing that the case cannot be litigated without reference to privileged information .
The appeals court did not provide any comment with its ruling last week .
Instead , the court said it sided with reasons given by the lower court .
Although Edmonds is running out of legal options , she is still pursuing her case by other means .
She said she has a petition signed by more than 10,000 people asking Congress to hold public hearings on her situation .
She plans to submit the petition next month .
Additionally , Edmonds has spearheaded the formation of a national security whistleblower 's coalition that will seek legislation to enable national security whistleblowers to sue government managers who retaliate against them or block investigations .
If Congress does not take action , Edmonds said , the coalition will run newspaper ads publicizing the names of individual managers who are alleged to have committed wrongdoing , along with their positions and salaries .
In related news , the Senate Judiciary Committee has postponed a hearing scheduled for this Wednesday on the FBI 's translation program .
A committee spokesman said the hearing was postponed due to a business meeting on asbestos issues .
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sibel_Edmonds
http://www.baltimorechro...le.com/121704Hogue.shtml
http://www.propeller.com...r-unless-doj-intercedes/
http://www.dallasnews.co...te.Edition1.45b446a.html
http://www.thepeoplesvoi...r-sibel-edmonds-subpoena
http://www.villagevoice....this-made-ashcroft-gag/1
http://www.amconmag.com/...ticle/2008/jan/28/00012/
http://www.counterpunch.org/leupp01292008.html
http://www.breakfornews.com/Sibel-Edmonds.htm
http://www.scoop.co.nz/stories/HL0601/S00177.htm
http://www.commondreams..../archive/2008/02/04/6832
http://www.democracynow....anslator_white_house_had
http://www.citybeat.com/...se-of-sibel-edmonds.html
http://bellaciao.org/en/...cle.php3?id_article=4916
http://nationalexpositor.com/News/585.html
http://narcosphere.narco...inked-sibel-edmonds-case
http://www.scoop.co.nz/stories/HL0610/S00451.htm
http://alaskafreepress.com/news/668
http://www.tomflocco.com/fs/FBILinguist.htm
http://www.opednews.com/...what_if_the_fbi_hire.htm
http://www.baltimorechro...050704SibelEdmonds.shtml
http://www.nhne.org/news...ry-Being-Covered-Up.aspx
http://www.thefreelibrar...s+her...-a0174008934
http://www.villagevoice....encing-of-sibel-edmonds/
http://www.informationcl...se.info/article19225.htm
http://www.huffingtonpos...el-ellsberg_b_74022.html
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... phil said on 8/7/2009 @ 3:11 am PT ...
ABC
http://abc.com
Search for Sibel Edmonds
one relevant hit
pg 4 of 4
less than an 87 word tweet styled journalism .
is that journalism ?
note : I could describe throwing a beer can against the wall in more than 87 words .
CBS
http://cbs.com
Search for Sibel Edmonds
3 hits
All 2004
no followup NBC
http://nbc.com
Search for Sibel Edmonds
0 hits
( Crap Extreme TV ) FOX
http://fox.com
No Search engine
0 hits
okay ...
FOX NEWS
http://foxnews.com
Search for Sibel Edmonds
http://www.foxnews.com/s...s/search?q=Sibel+Edmonds
11 pages of hits
No chronological order ( time weapons again ) , no current headline .
Refined search for Sibel Edmonds 2009
http://www.foxnews.com/s...rch?q=Sibel+Edmonds+2009
No chronological order ( time weapons again ) , no current headlines , more than half the hit 's completely irrelevant .
PBS
Search for Sibel Edmonds
Your search for " Sibel Edmonds " returned about 17 results , 2 hits irrelevant ( ad's )
Only 6 results are accessible from this search , all Bill Moyers pieces .
3 Sub's by Rick Karr , 2 stragglers , Majority of Public Comments / Feedback support Sibel 's Cause mostly .
First two hits were Advertisements .
For the Corporate media I would grade an F -
For the confused PBS is not PUBLIC anything , they are corporate , just like the rest .
They call themselves Non Profit though .
IF they were public , I could run my show on their channel .
hint : I can't .
There is only one PUBLIC and that 's PUBLIC ACCESS .
Maybe Ham radio and CB would be the other " public " Anyway , just trying to tack onto MICK 's work , since I was n't banned yet .
ps : I will try to behave .
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... phil said on 8/7/2009 @ 3:29 am PT ...
I know how Brad and everyone else hates my multiple posts .
But ...
http://searchjustice.usd...;site=default_collection
COMMENT # 56 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 8/7/2009 @ 4:12 am PT ...
99 is a liar - " disinformation " ?
You are the spreader of disinformation here and everyone knows it - but continue to pretend you are a little blog - queen .
Folks see what you are - a dishonest person with highly vindictive tendencies .
Nothing I posted was disinfomation , but you are just here to censor and inflate your own ego .
[ ed note :
No , Joe , I am not a liar .
You posted defamatory stuff about someone that was patently untrue ... made up out of whole cloth , evidently just to be nasty .
I 'm not going to fight with you .
We 've asked you to read the really simple - to - remember rules for commenting here a bunch of times , and you do n't seem to want to voluntarily abide by them .
So your comments will be moderated until you stop ignoring them . -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 8/7/2009 @ 10:32 am PT ...
fingers crossed ...
COMMENT # 58 [ Permalink ]
... Cknight said on 8/7/2009 @ 1:51 pm PT ...
Due to the fact that I am very busy trying to find a job in this horrible Greater Depression economy that we are moving into despite all the recent propaganda that things are " turning around " , this may be a one time comment , but I am not a troll .
With that said , as a fromer cop and vet , I can honestly tell you virtually 100 % of all classified documents are not , I repeat are not to protect any of you and your families or society , but rather only to protect the corrupt system from the public ever knowing the truth and thus demanding justice !
Therefore , I encourage all police and military / intelligence personnel who know the Truth to come forward and sing like a canary and publicly name names , dates , detailed info of the treason committed and where it was committed , etc . !
Quit obeying unjust , immoral , and even illegal orders to keep the treason and war crimes covered up !
Quit covering for these treasonous devils !
Leak everything you can that tells the truth about what is really going on and who really controls everything and why .
Tell everyone you know , no matter what you have signed or sworn to to keep your mouth shut .
Reclaim your humanity as a human being with integrity and say I am no longer morally or legally bound by any such agreements to cover up the treasonous crimes anymore , period !
Then it is up to us to vigorously protect them at all costs and prepare arrest warrants for the traitors and their subsequent public trials with NO " State 's Secrets " coverup being accepted whatsoever , period !
COMMENT # 59 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/7/2009 @ 3:34 pm PT ...
Comment 54 : nice work , Phil .
COMMENT # 60 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/7/2009 @ 3:45 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Mr. Mister said on 8/6/2009 @ 4:42 pm PT ... @ Robert Brown : I agree .
When going against the FBI or CIA , you do n't want to fly .
The planes have a way of crashing with whistleblowers on board .
You should also stay away from ropes because whistleblowers seem to hang themselves a lot too .
Oh , and stay away from elevator shafts and balconies .
Thank you Sibel !
LOL !!!!!!!!!
I 've said that many times !
My patented phrase is : " Future headline : ( insert name ) found hanging in their mother 's shed and / or in small plane crash " .
Why not account for all angles ?
That 's a " skeleton " headline for the " liberal media " .
They just insert the name .
The shed thingy , is referring to the DC Madam , who was found hanging in her mother 's shed ..... not long after she was on a talk show and said she 'd never kill herself , and if she was found dead of " suicide " , someone did it .
COMMENT # 61 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/7/2009 @ 3:47 pm PT ...
And then there was some column in some major magazine rushed out saying the columnist thought she was suicidal .
( going by memory )
With no supporting evidence .
COMMENT # 62 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/7/2009 @ 3:58 pm PT ...
Look : http://www.time.com/time...e/0,8599,1736687,00.html that 's the TIME mag column rushed out immediately , the infomercial / testimonial by a major mag getting the propaganda out .
In her own words , the DC Madam says : " I am not planning to commit suicide " : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bSl_bLi3EjM
So....hmmmmmm............
Let us recap !!!!
TIME magazine says she committed suicide ( or deeply implied like Bush did with Sadaam - 9/11 link ) ....
OR ........
THE DC MADAM HERSELF SAID NO !!!!!!!!
Let me think about that .
The DC Madam said the DC Madam was n't going to commit suicide ( one in the same person ) .
TIME said otherwise .
Let me think about that one for a minute and I 'll get back to you ..........
That 's like ME saying I do n't believe ME ... if a magazine said so !!!!!!!!
COMMENT # 63 [ Permalink ]
... NotAnObot said on 8/7/2009 @ 9:27 pm PT ...
I hope Sibel is not planning on flying anytime soon .
COMMENT # 64 [ Permalink ]
... tirowen said on 8/7/2009 @ 9:35 pm PT ...
Question for all you legal scholars out there : HOW COULD A GAG ORDER EVER BE LEGAL UNDER THE CONSTITUTION ?
COMMENT # 65 [ Permalink ]
... nader paul kucinich gravel said on 8/8/2009 @ 10:47 am PT ...
Left and rights of passage , black and whites of youth .
Who can face the knowledge that the truth is not the truth ?
Obsolete absolute .
Anthrax Intimidation .
JFK RFK MLK Malcolm .
Gung - ho Chickenhawks .
Israel - first dual - nationals .
InfoWars on a PrisonPlanet ?
A very RawStory on PressTV .
Whistle - Blower leaks multiply .
Beware the divide and conquer .
Both parties are corrupt to the core .
Honesty compassion conscience guts .
Speak no evil , hear no evil , see no evil ?
Elite Ruling Class Greed or " public servants " ?
Independents agree on more than we disagree .
AIPAC 9/11 Bankers Extortion Blackmail Bribery .
Wall Street Bailout Bill : Bush McCain Obama et al .
Poodles , Puppets , Sham debates , & Scam elections .
Does the Government & Propaganda Media lie to you ?
Fool me once shame on you , fool me twice shame on me .
Chronic lying as career path , intellectual prostitution for paycheck .
DNC & RNC have both sold out the country in order to enrich themselves .
Future of a Nation that can not trust the Government & Propaganda Media ?
Realignment of American Politics :
Anderson Baldwin Carter Choate Clemente Gonzalez Gravel Kaptur Kucinich McKinney Nader Paul Perot Sheehan
COMMENT # 66 [ Permalink ]
... Ugo da Logo said on 10/27/2009 @ 7:44 am PT ...
An artist 's depiction of the Excalibur Almaz Reusable Re-entry Vehicle ( RRV ) planned to launch paying customers into orbit by 2013 .
This story was updated at 7:30 p.m. EDT .
An international spaceflight company plans to launch paying passengers on week - long orbital trips by 2013 using vehicles based on Soviet - era spacecraft built for classifed military space stations .
The company , Excalibur Almaz Limited based in the Isle of Man , has acquired several Reusable Return Vehicles ( RRVs ) , spacecraft initially designed for flying cosmonauts to the former Soviet Union 's super - secret Almaz space stations of the 1970s , the firm announced Tuesday at the Moscow Air Show in Russia .
" With this announcement , the dream of private orbital space exploration may become a reality in the very near future , " said veteran Russian cosmonaut Vladimir Titov , an advisor to Excalibur Almaz , in a statement .
To date , wealthy space enthusiasts have been able to book trips to orbit by riding as paying passengers on Russia 's Soyuz spacecraft headed for the International Space Station during crew change missions .
Those trips , arranged by the Virginia - based firm Space Adventures and Russia 's Federal Space Agency , currently cost more than $ 30 million .
Excalibur Almaz did not reveal its anticipated price per trip in Tuesday 's announcement , but did detail plans to update the RRV spacecraft design with modern technology to support independent flights to orbit .
The spacecraft consists of two sections , the cone - shaped RRV for launch and re-entry , and an expendable service module designed to offer more room to live and work in space .
The vehicles can carry three people — a commander and two passengers — or about 1,100 pounds ( 500 kilograms ) of cargo and are designed to stay aloft for at least a week , officials said .
" A critical feature of the RRVs is their reusability , which will reduce logistical , overhead and program costs for commercial access to space , " Excalibur Almaz officials said , adding that the spacecraft will be designed to fit atop a variety of launch vehicles in order to lift off from different sites around the world .
The company is working with the original Almaz station manufacturer , Russia 's NPO Mashinostroyenia ( or NPOM ) , to overhaul its stock of launch vehicles and space stations , company officials said .
The spacecraft will be updated to meet customer needs for space exploration , cargo delivery or orbital research in microgravity , they added .
NPOM designed , tested and flew several Almaz space stations and RRV prototypes in the 1970s .
The first Almaz ( which means " Diamond " in Russian ) station to reach orbit was christened Salyut 2 , but failed in 1973 .
Two others , dubbed Salyuts 3 and 5 , later flew with much success .
The RRVs flew about nine test flights , with two vehicles reaching orbit repeatedly , Excalibur Almaz officials said .
The effort is an international endeavor with members in Russia , the United States , Europe and Japan .
Former NASA astronauts — such as veteran spaceflyers Leroy Chiao and Franklin Chang - Diaz — as well as veteran space officials and cosmonauts are listed among the company 's top leadership and advisors .
Because of that international involvement and expertise " [ Excalibur Almaz ] is in a unique position to initiate a new era of private orbital space exploration , " said the company 's founder and CEO Art Dula , a veteran attorney specializing in aerospace issues .
Roland Sarria :
Marcelo Alonso/Sherdog.com
The pros like lesnar 's size .
Pros who picked Lesnar :
Pros who picked Mir :
Pros who could n’t decide :
This Saturday night , what ’s being tabbed by some as the greatest event in MMA history will finally come to fruition .
UFC 100 features a welterweight showdown between Georges St. Pierre and Thiago Alves but will be capped off by a goliath - sized heavyweight championship tilt between defending champion Brock Lesnar and interim titlist Frank Mir
The fight community appears torn over Lesnar ’s power , athleticism and sheer size versus Mir ’s excellent submission game , technique and improved standup .
Sherdog.com spoke with dozens of professional trainers and fighters to find out how they think the matchup will unfold .
I feel Frank is back , but Brock has too much raw power along with some experience now .
Brock wins by stoppage .
Lesnar by TKO in the second .
Mir will put the icing on the cake that ( Dan ) Henderson just got done making .
This will be a great fight .
Brock is like a truck , but I think Frank still has the technique advantage .
I see Frank winning by KO or submission .
Brock by ref stoppage early in the first round .
Brock via ground - and - pound .
I might be a little biased , though .
Mir ( will win ) .
Mir by submission .
Brock by decision .
Lesnar by TKO standing or on the ground .
Mir got saved by the referee in the first one .
Plus I ’m biased because ( Erik ) Paulson helps coach Brock .
Gotta be honest ; I think Lesnar early in the first or Mir if Brock does n’t finish it in the first three minutes -- then definitely Mir.
I want to pick Frank Mir badly in this one , but I am going to have to pick Brock by ground - and - pound in round two .
Lesnar started to panic and tapped too early in their first matchup .
Lesnar wo n't get caught that easily this time around .
Mir is a tough S.O.B. though , and he will hold on as long as possible .
Mir will refuse to tap out , so the ref will step in and call it in round two after Frank 's face starts swelling up like Will Smith 's did in “ Hitch .
” Lesnar I believe will win by TKO ( via ) ground - and - pound .
I think Brock wants this win more than anything .
He f--ked up with his first fight with Frank ( because of ) nerves and rushed a bit too much , but I believe it 's Brock ’s .
Lesnar does nothing for me .
I like nothing about him ; attitude , skill , just nothing about him makes him good for the sport .
Mir caught him once , but that fight was finished with the ground - and - pound that Brock put on him , but ( it ) was restarted because of the blows to the back of the head .
Mir ’s newfound confidence on his feet , which was flawlessly showcased against ( Rodrigo ) Minotauro ( Nogueira ) , will present a momentary problem for Brock , aglitch , if you will .
I see this fight stopped in the second via Couture - style ground - and - pound with Brock retaining title .
Mir was lucky the first time -- he wo n't be this time .
Lesnar to win ( via ) first - round KO .
Mir dodged a bullet last time and I am sure Lesnar has worked tirelessly on his submission defense .
By the same token , I do n't see him being able to control Mir on the ground as easily as he did Heath ( Herring ) .
Subs will still be a strong threat .
In the end , I think Lesnar will just be too much .
Lesnar by KO.I have Mir winning .
This is an interesting fight .
Mir could out - strike Lesnar , but Lesnar will take Mir down .
Lesnar 's ground - and - pound will be effective , but Mir could submit the big man .
It can really go either way .
What the hell ; I 'll pick Mir by submission .
But I 'm not betting any money on that .
No sir .
Lesnar is just too big and strong for most of the UFC weight classes .
I like Mir a lot , but ( I ) will say revenge in way of Lesnar keeping the title .
They both have greatly improved since their last bout against each other .
Mir and Lesnar have both obviously worked on their striking .
They are looking more precise and technical .
Mir 's gas tank seems to be much better than in earlier days .
Lesnar has the strength and wrestling advantage .
I think Lesnar also has more power in his striking .
Mir has the grappling and submission advantage .
I do n't expect to see this fight remain standing , though it is possible .
The match will hit the ground and this is where it will be decided …
I think Lesnar will take down Mir , but will be much more controlled …
Look for him to punish
Mir with punches , forearms and elbows .
Mir will look to guard and will work for submissions …
I think Mir will work for the legs again , as he no doubt perceives this as a weakness of Lesnar .
I think Lesnar will have been working like crazy to defend his legs .
I can see Frank landing a lower body submission -- I do n't think he will get an arm or leg -- and winning the fight .
I just do n't think it will happen .
I think Brock will come in well - prepared for this match .
I am predicting Brock to win via TKO in the later rounds .
Sorry , I do n’t like Lesnar .
But since Mir ’s performance against Nogueira I am a fan of Mir .
Mir by submission in round two .
I guess I would have to say it depends on which Mir shows up .
Will it be the Mir that fought Nog or the Mir that fought Lesnar the first time ?
In my opinion , Mir has a slight chance to win if this was a grappling match .
He got away with one when he caught an inexperienced Lesnar , who was winning the first fight .
I do n’t think Lesnar will make those same mistakes again .
I think he 's too big , too strong and too athletic for Mir to beat .
I will go with Lesnar by TKO ( in ) round three .
This fight has no real interest for me .
Not sure of a winner , ( but I ’m ) leaning towards Lesnar .
I ’m picking “ Branck Lesmir ” to get it done based on size , strength and superior technical jiu - jitsu .
This is a tough call .
I was very impressed with Frank in his last fight .
Meanwhile , Brock is on the fast track .
I think if Frank can weather the storm , he comes out with a submission win in the third round .
I do n’t think Mir will catch him like he did the first fight .
In that case , I ’m picking Brock to win .
Since his fight with Mir , I think he ’s gotten more experience in the cage .
And with that experience I think he will be a little safer when it hits the ground .
Submission defense is the key .
I pick Brock ( via ) second round TKO .
If Mir is gonna win , he better catch him in the first .
Last December , when Frank fought “ Big Nog , ” I went against the grain and picked Mir to win by TKO in round two .
This time around I 'm picking Mir to win by submission in round two .
Frank 's a stud and such a nice guy .
I truly think he's hit his stride and will be ready for what the still green Lesnar has to offer .
16
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) -
The biggest California gay rights advocacy group on Wednesday said it needed three years to build a coalition to repeal a ban on same - sex marriage in the state , creating a rift in the movement with those who want to go back to the polls next year while anger is hot .
Gay couple Ethan Collings ( L ) , 32 , and his spouse Stephen Abate , 36 , hug as they celebrate their one - year wedding anniversary in West Hollywood , California , June 16 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Lucy Nicholson
California , the most populous state and often a standard - bearer for social liberalism , is the biggest prize in U.S. culture wars .
Its next fight over gay marriage is sure to draw in national organizations , cost $ 100 million or more , and may affect the next U.S. presidential campaign if it takes place in 2012 .
California ’s November 2008 vote to ban same - sex marriage , months after the state ’s top court legalized it , bolstered the power of social conservatives and sparked nationwide protests among gays and their allies .
It was followed by legalization of gay marriage in a handful of mostly Northeastern states and a court challenge aimed at the U.S. Supreme Court .
“ It takes time , commitment and lots of lots of volunteers to undo the untruths that our opponents have been telling , ” said Marc Solomon , marriage director of Equality California , in a conference call .
“ We can have majority support by 2012 . ”
His group raised the most money and led the 2008 campaign against Proposition 8 , which defines marriage as between a man and a woman and was approved by California voters .
Big donors are not ready to fund a new fight so soon after failure , and a door - to - door campaign will take time , he said .
A bigger turnout in the 2012 presidential election year , as well as more younger voters , will add 4 percentage points to the margin of victory , the group estimated .
GRASS - ROOTS WON’T WAIT
But smaller groups have said waiting will sap momentum among gays and their allies still smarting from the unexpected ballot results .
They vowed to mount a 2010 challenge , which would coincide with federal mid-term elections .
“ This is not some kitchen table group .
If you stop that momentum now , those people wo n’t necessarily be there in 2012 when you decide to start your campaign back up , ” John Henning , executive director of Love Honor Cherish , said ahead of Equality California ’s expected announcement .
Henning ’s group has a plan to gather more than a million signatures with volunteers and says a $ 32 million war chest would be enough to win the fight .
The California debate reflects a national question over how solid opposition is to same - sex marriage .
Many advocates say that exposure to stable same - sex couples and assurances that churches will not be forced to marry gays will convince a silent majority that anyone should be able to marry .
But most states explicitly ban such gay unions , and have often done so by popular vote .
Activism among gay rights groups has intensified since the November defeat in California , but social conservatives with deep pockets and legendary organizational skills are preparing for the next fight , too .
“ California will continuously stay in play and it is a big prize , ” said Tom McClusky , vice president of the legislative arm of the Family Research Council , a conservative Christian lobby .
“ Of course we would be willing to go toe to toe again . ”
ProtectMarriage.com , which helped coordinate passage of the ban , scoffed at the division among gay marriage advocates .
“ While the other side issues many press releases about their activity , we are quietly but effectively building on our majority in California , ” it said in a statement .
Proponents of the 2010 challenge say the decision will be made from the bottom up and that big groups will join as a campaign plan is laid out and early efforts show success .
“ We ’re in a movement era , ” said Rick Jacobs , who chairs the Courage Campaign , which trains grass - roots organizers .
The day after the California ban passed -- and after President Barack Obama was elected -- was a wake - up call for gay advocates , he said .
“ On the one hand they put an African American man in the White House when it was impossible .
On the other hand they had their rights taken away . ”
He said his group has raised more than $ 100,000 in a few days for a fight to repeal the ban .
Equality California said it would take a lot more money and said gay marriage opponents were raising money faster in Maine , which is likely to vote on gay marriage in November .
“ We are very concerned that $ 100,000 is not $ 50 million , ” said Equality California Executive Director Geoff Kors , adding that he saw only one shot to win in the next two California elections .
( Additional reporting by Ed Stoddard in Dallas )
Washington -- U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner asked Congress to increase the $ 12.1 trillion debt limit on Friday , saying it is " critically important " that they act in the next two months .
Mr. Geithner , in a letter to U.S. lawmakers , said that the Treasury projects that the current debt limit could be reached as early mid-October .
Increasing the limit is important to instilling confidence in global investors , Mr. Geithner said .
The ...
This week ’s rash of retirements by Boston firefighters seeking disability pensions is but one part of a wave of such departures across Massachusetts , as a pair of new state laws that could greatly diminish the pension benefits of public safety workers take effect today .
Police officers in Boston were filing for disability pensions in unusually high numbers over the past several days because of a key change in how benefits are calculated , and officers around the state were putting in for retirement after the Legislature slashed a key pay provision .
Ten Boston police officers with outstanding disability claims have filed for retirement since Thursday , police officials said .
“ That would be more than we typically see , ’’ said Elaine Driscoll , a police spokeswoman .
The likely reason : Under a new state law , pensions will be based on the salary employees received in the 12 months prior to their injury , rather than , as before , the 12 months prior to their retirement .
That is significant because employees can be out on injury leave , collecting raises and cost - of - living hikes , for many years .
One of those officers , Maureen E. Parolin , a sergeant detective , has been on injured leave for nine years because of a car accident .
Her case , which has been moving glacially through city and state review panels , has become a symbol of the exorbitant costs and many delays of the Boston retirement system .
By seeking retirement before the law took ef fect , Parolin stands to nearly double her annual pension , to $ 83,175 from the $ 43,750 she would get if she had filed for retirement after today , according to city payroll records .
She could not be reached for comment .
Elsewhere in the state , police officers were rushing to retire for yet another reason : A dramatic cut in the state budget threatens to diminish their pay and future pension benefits .
The budget , which takes effect today , greatly reduces funding for the Quinn Bill , a program that boosts the salaries of police officers who hold college degrees .
The state allocated $ 10 million for the program this year , down from roughly $ 50 million .
That reduction means police in many communities will not only earn less on the job but could also see reduced pensions , which are calculated on salaries .
For example , immediately after Governor Deval Patrick signed the state budget Monday , seven of the most veteran members of the Arlington Police Department finalized their retirement .
“ The institutional knowledge and veteran police command experience that just went out the door is nearly impossible to replace , ’’ said Arlington Police Chief Frederick Ryan , who lost all three of his next most senior leaders .
As a new threat to the galaxy rises , Rey , a desert scavenger , and Finn , an ex-stormtrooper , must join Han Solo and Chewbacca to search for the one hope of restoring peace .
In 1957 , archaeologist and adventurer Dr. Henry " Indiana " Jones , Jr. is called back into action and becomes entangled in a Soviet plot to uncover the secret behind mysterious artifacts known as the Crystal Skulls .
Luke Skywalker joins forces with a Jedi Knight , a cocky pilot , a Wookiee and two droids to save the galaxy from the Empire 's world - destroying battle station , while also attempting to rescue Princess Leia from the mysterious Darth Vader .
A pragmatic paleontologist visiting an almost complete theme park is tasked with protecting a couple of kids after a power failure causes the park 's cloned dinosaurs to run loose .
A human soldier is sent from 2029 to 1984 to stop an almost indestructible cyborg killing machine , sent from the same year , which has been programmed to execute a young woman whose unborn son is the key to humanity 's future salvation .
Three years into the Clone Wars , the Jedi rescue Palpatine from Count Dooku .
As Obi-Wan pursues a new threat , Anakin acts as a double agent between the Jedi Council and Palpatine and is lured into a sinister plan to rule the galaxy .
After a daring mission to rescue Han Solo from Jabba the Hutt , the Rebels dispatch to Endor to destroy the second Death Star .
Meanwhile , Luke struggles to help Darth Vader back from the dark side without falling into the Emperor 's trap .
In 1936 , archaeologist and adventurer Indiana Jones is hired by the U.S. government to find the Ark of the Covenant before Adolf Hitler 's Nazis can obtain its awesome powers .
In 1938 , after his father Professor Henry Jones , Sr. goes missing while pursuing the Holy Grail , Professor Henry " Indiana " Jones , Jr. finds himself up against Adolf Hitler 's Nazis again to stop them from obtaining its powers .
In 1935 , Indiana Jones arrives in India , still part of the British Empire , and is asked to find a mystical stone .
He then stumbles upon a secret cult committing enslavement and human sacrifices in the catacombs of an ancient palace .
Stranded in 1955 , Marty McFly learns about the death of Doc Brown in 1885 and must travel back in time to save him .
With no fuel readily available for the DeLorean , the two must figure how to escape the Old West before Emmett is murdered .
Marty McFly has only just gotten back from the past , when he is once again picked up by Dr. Emmett Brown and sent through time to the future .
Marty 's job in the future is to pose as his own son to prevent him from being thrown in prison .
Unfortunately , things get worse when the future changes the present .
Written by FilmFanUk
Did You Know ?
Trivia
In the DVD extras of In the DVD extras of Zurück in die Zukunft II ( 1989 ) , Robert Zemeckis had said that he really did not want the movie to take place in the future .
That is because he felt that every time that a movie takes place in the future , it is mis-predicted .
See more
Goofs
When they travel in time and the airplane flies by , you would see flames if the plane had afterburners .
Only military jets have them .
When they travel in time and the airplane flies by , you would see flames if the plane had afterburners .
Only military jets have them .
See more
Crazy Credits
The theatrical version had a teaser for The theatrical version had a teaser for Zurück in die Zukunft III ( 1990 ) .
Some later versions do not have a teaser at all , only showing " To Be Concluded " , and skip to the credits .
Some have " To Be Concluded " followed by " Back To The Future III " .
Some cable versions retain the teaser for Back To The Future Part III , but , of course , do not say " Coming Summer 1990 " .
It was , however , added back to the film for its digital download and Blu - Ray versions .
See more
Alternate Versions Unconfirmed : in an airline version , Marty walks up to the Cafe 80's , and sees those little yellow signs like , " Baby on Board , " and others that were a fad in the late 80's .
He looks at them and says , " Hey , I do n't remember these . "
Unconfirmed : in an airline version , Marty walks up to the Cafe 80's , and sees those little yellow signs like , " Baby on Board , " and others that were a fad in the late 80's .
He looks at them and says , " Hey , I do n't remember these . "
See more
Understanding Linux CPU
Load - when should you be worried ?
Updated version of an article first published on July 31st , 2009 .
You might be familiar with Linux load averages already .
Load averages are the three numbers shown with the uptime and top commands - they look like this :
load average : 0.09 , 0.05 , 0.01
Most people have an inkling of what the load averages mean : the three numbers represent averages over progressively longer periods of time ( one , five , and fifteen minute averages ) , and that lower numbers are better .
Higher numbers represent a problem or an overloaded machine .
But , what 's the the threshold ?
What constitutes " good " and " bad " load average values ?
When should you be concerned over a load average value , and when should you scramble to fix it ASAP ?
First , a little background on what the load average values mean .
We 'll start out with the simplest case : a machine with one single - core processor .
The traffic analogy
A single - core CPU is like a single lane of traffic .
Imagine you are a bridge operator ... sometimes your bridge is so busy there are cars lined up to cross .
You want to let folks know how traffic is moving on your bridge .
A decent metric would be how many cars are waiting at a particular time .
If no cars are waiting , incoming drivers know they can drive across right away .
If cars are backed up , drivers know they 're in for delays .
So , Bridge Operator , what numbering system are you going to use ?
How about :
0.00 means there 's no traffic on the bridge at all .
In fact , between 0.00 and 1.00 means there 's no backup , and an arriving car will just go right on .
.
In fact , between 0.00 and 1.00 means there 's no backup , and an arriving car will just go right on .
1.00 means the bridge is exactly at capacity .
All is still good , but if traffic gets a little heavier , things are going to slow down .
All is still good , but if traffic gets a little heavier , things are going to slow down .
over 1.00 means there 's backup .
How much ?
Well , 2.00 means that there are two lanes worth of cars total -- one lane 's worth on the bridge , and one lane 's worth waiting .
3.00 means there are three lane 's worth total -- one lane 's worth on the bridge , and two lanes ' worth waiting .
Etc .
This is basically what CPU load is .
" Cars " are processes using a slice of CPU time ( " crossing the bridge " ) or queued up to use the CPU .
Unix refers to this as the run-queue length : the sum of the number of processes that are currently running plus the number that are waiting ( queued ) to run .
Like the bridge operator , you 'd like your cars / processes to never be waiting .
So , your CPU load should ideally stay below 1.00 .
Also like the bridge operator , you are still ok if you get some temporary spikes above 1.00 ... but when you 're consistently above 1.00 , you need to worry .
So you 're saying the ideal load is 1.00 ?
Well , not exactly .
The problem with a load of 1.00 is that you have no headroom .
In practice , many sysadmins will draw a line at 0.70 :
The " Need to Look into it " Rule of Thumb : 0.70
If your load average is staying above > 0.70 , it 's time to investigate before things get worse .
The " Fix this now " Rule of Thumb : 1.00 .
If your load average stays above 1.00 , find the problem and fix it now .
Otherwise , you 're going to get woken up in the middle of the night , and it 's not going to be fun .
The " Arrgh , it 's 3 AM WTF ? " Rule of Thumb : 5.0 .
If your load average is above 5.00 , you could be in serious trouble , your box is either hanging or slowing way down , and this will ( inexplicably ) happen in the worst possible time like in the middle of the night or when you 're presenting at a conference .
Do n't let it get there .
What about Multi- processors ?
My load says 3.00 , but things are running fine !
Got a quad - processor system ?
It 's still healthy with a load of 3.00 .
On multi-processor system , the load is relative to the number of processor cores available .
The " 100 % utilization " mark is 1.00 on a single - core system , 2.00 , on a dual - core , 4.00 on a quad - core , etc .
If we go back to the bridge analogy , the " 1.00 " really means " one lane 's worth of traffic " .
On a one - lane bridge , that means it 's filled up .
On a two - late bridge , a load of 1.00 means its at 50 % capacity -- only one lane is full , so there 's another whole lane that can be filled .
Same with CPUs : a load of 1.00 is 100 % CPU utilization on single - core box .
On a dual - core box , a load of 2.00 is 100 % CPU utilization .
Multicore vs. multiprocessor
While we 're on the topic , let 's talk about multicore vs. multiprocessor .
For performance purposes , is a machine with a single dual - core processor basically equivalent to a machine with two processors with one core each ?
Yes .
Roughly .
There are lots of subtleties here concerning amount of cache , frequency of process hand - offs between processors , etc .
Despite those finer points , for the purposes of sizing up the CPU load value , the total number of cores is what matters , regardless of how many physical processors those cores are spread across .
Which leads us to a two new Rules of Thumb :
The " number of cores = max load " Rule of Thumb : on a multicore system , your load should not exceed the number of cores available .
The " cores is cores " Rule of Thumb :
How the cores are spread out over CPUs does n't matter .
Two quad - cores == four dual - cores == eight single - cores .
It 's all eight cores for these purposes .
Bringing It Home
Let 's take a look at the load averages output from uptime :
~ $ uptime
23:05 up 14 days , 6:08 , 7 users , load averages : 0.65 0.42 0.36
This is on a dual - core CPU , so we 've got lots of headroom .
I wo n't even think about it until load gets and stays above 1.7 or so .
Now , what about those three numbers ?
0.65 is the average over the last minute , 0.42 is the average over the last five minutes , and 0.36 is the average over the last 15 minutes .
Which brings us to the question :
Which average should I be observing ?
One , five , or 15 minute ?
For the numbers we 've talked about ( 1.00 = fix it now , etc ) , you should be looking at the five or 15 - minute averages .
Frankly , if your box spikes above 1.0 on the one - minute average , you 're still fine .
It 's when the 15 - minute average goes north of 1.0 and stays there that you need to snap to .
( obviously , as we 've learned , adjust these numbers to the number of processor cores your system has ) .
So # of cores is important to interpreting load averages ... how do I know how many cores my system has ?
cat / proc / cpuinfo to get info on each processor in your system .
Note : not available on OSX , Google for alternatives .
To get just a count , run it through grep and word count : grep ' model name ' / proc / cpuinfo | wc -l
More servers ?
Or faster code ?
Adding servers can be a band - aid for slow code .
Scout APM helps you find and fix your inefficient and costly code .
We automatically identify N+1 SQL calls , memory bloat , and other code - related issues so you can spend less time debugging and more time programming .
Ready to optimize your site ?
Sign up for a free trial .
More Reading
More on Linux Performance
Subscribe to our RSS feed or follow us on Twitter for more insight on Linux performance .
Apple is the exclusive gatekeeper to its iPhone App Store , able to reject apps at will – as it did July 28 with Google Voice .
But some developers are n't taking the rejection lying down :
They 're turning instead to an unauthorized app store called Cydia , where forbidden wares continue to exist – and even earn developers some money .
That store is operated by Jay Freeman , more fondly known in the iPhone " Jailbreak " community as Saurik .
Only five months old , his app store Cydia specializes in selling apps that Apple would reject or ban ( or already has ) .
To use Cydia or the apps available through it , customers need to jailbreak their phones – hack them to work around Apple - imposed restrictions – a process that Apple claims is illegal .
Indeed , you can even get a Google Voice app , GV Mobile , through Cydia .
After Apple pulled the app from its App Store , developer Sean Kovacs ( who is not affiliated with Google ) made it available for free through Cydia .
It 's difficult to get accurate data on how many customers have jailbroken their iPhones .
But based on the number of unique device identifiers tracked on his server , Freeman claims that about 4 million , or 10 percent of the 40 million iPhone and iPod Touch owners to date , have installed Cydia .
On a recent day , he said 470,000 people were connecting to the Cydia store , up from 350,000 per day just a few months ago .
Among many free apps , there are also 15 paid apps in Cydia , and the store has earned $ 220,000 in overall sales in just five months .
" People are so annoyed by Apple and their shit , and if you give them opportunity to go around it , then they 'll even pay for it , " said Kim Streich , a developer whose app 3G Unrestrictor earned $ 19,000 in sales in just two weeks through Cydia .
Though Cydia is relatively young , the underground " Jailbreak " community has existed since the first iPhone launched in 2007 .
That year , Apple did n't yet have an app store for its iPhone , stifling the true potential of the device .
This limitation inspired digital rebels to hack away at the iPhone 's closed platform in an effort to free its mind .
The result ?
An app called Installer , opening a door for early iPhone owners to add games , utilities and other third - party software coded by developers .
It was n't until 2008 that Apple offered a software development kit for third - party coders to make programs for its iPhone .
That led to the opening of the official App Store in July 2008 .
Apple 's store grew rapidly , accumulating 65,000 apps and serving over 1.5 billion downloads to date .
Many developers abandoned Installer for the more popular App Store , leaving behind an underground space where unauthorized wares could continue to exist .
Installer died and became reborn as Cydia , which evolved from an app library into a store in March 2009 .
To gain access to Cydia , iPhone owners must jailbreak their smartphones using some freely available tools courtesy of the hacker group iPhone Dev-Team .
Given the nature of this procedure , it 's clear Cydia 's primary audience consists of nerdy rebels wishing to utilize the full power of their iPhones , restriction - free .
Cydia 's numbers appear small compared to the rare stories we hear about developers turning into millionaires with hot sales of their iPhone apps in the App Store .
But the idea behind a store like Cydia is that you do n't have to be huge to make money .
With a smaller market , fewer competitors and a reasonably large customer base , each developer has a higher chance for making a quick buck , Freeman said .
Plus , you get more personal attention : Developers submitting their app through Cydia need only contact Freeman , and their app can be made available almost immediately .
That 's an enticing alternative to Apple 's approval process , which can take months and is notoriously opaque : Some App Store developers have faced difficulty getting answers to simple questions from Apple about their apps .
It 's obvious what 's driving iPhone customers toward Cydia : Apple 's rejections and restrictions of major iPhone apps .
Most notably , Apple recently banned apps supporting Google Voice , the search giant 's internet - based phone enhancement service that can provide cellphone users with free text messaging and transcribed voicemail .
Angry consumers and developers theorize that Apple banned the Google Voice apps so as not to detract business from its partner AT&T 's phone services .
The incident has brewed so much controversy that even the Federal Communications Commission has gotten involved , sending letters to AT&T , Apple and Google inquiring about the reasons for the rejections .
" Looks like Apple and AT&T pissed off a lot of people , " Kovacs wrote in a July 28 blog post .
" I 'll be releasing GV Mobile v1.2 on Cydia for free today or tomorrow . "
Another high - profile App Store regulation involves SlingPlayer , an app that enables iPhone users to stream video from a Slingbox device hooked up to a TV .
When Sling originally submitted the app , it was capable of streaming over both Wi-Fi and the cellular 3G connection .
However , Apple requested Sling to modify the app to work on Wi-Fi only .
AT&T said this was a necessary move to prevent congestion on its 3G network .
That restriction spawned the most successful Cydia app to date , 3G Unrestrictor , developed by Streich .
3G Unrestrictor , a $ 2 app that has sold 9,500 copies , allows the iPhone to circumvent any network limitations imposed by Apple .
For example , the app enables SlingPlayer users to stream TV over 3G as well as Wi-Fi ; and when using the VOIP app Skype to place phone calls , customers can also use the cellular connection , whereas normally the app only enables users to dial over Wi-Fi .
" It 's just amazing what you can do on such a little cellphone , and Apple just forbids customers from doing these things , and it 's just a shame , " Streich said .
" That 's why I 'm so happy there 's a Cydia store . "
Another developer who reports positive experiences with Cydia is Jonathan Zdziarski , who said he has made more money through the unauthorized store than Apple 's App Store .
In February , his app iWipe sold 694 copies in Cydia , compared to 91 copies of iErase in the App Store .
" I guess you could say the App Store is kind of like Wal - Mart , with more crap than you 'd ever want to buy , " Zdziarski said .
" And Cydia is like the general store that has everything you want and need , from fresh cuts of meat to those homemade cookies you can't get anywhere else . "
Though some developers say they 're having better experiences selling apps through Cydia , it 's unlikely they will succeed on a longer term , said Rana Sobhany , vice president of Medialets , an iPhone app analytics company .
She said the average consumer would prefer to purchase apps through a well trusted source such as Apple .
" There have been all these apps downloaded in the App Store because it 's easy for consumers to find , download and pay for apps , " Sobhany said .
" This model is new because Apple has been training people how to download music to their iPods for years . "
However , even in the case of the App Store , developers who strike it rich still face challenges recreating their success , said Phillip Ryu , co-creator of the e-book reader Classics , which has sold over 400,000 copies to date .
" If you 're hoping to reach the mainstream , the best you can hope for is your app catches on fire and charts high enough for you to make a windfall , " Ryu said .
" Essentially you aim for the jackpot , and if you do n't hit that , it 's not going to make you a living . "
Freeman said it was too soon to tell whether Cydia would provide developers stable incomes , but he recommends they give it a try , considering the successes some are experiencing .
He admits , however , he is n't making much money as the creator of Cydia : Like Apple , he takes 30 percent of each app sale to cover taxes .
" I do n't make much money off this project , but I value the community , and I look forward to how this changes the device landscape , " Freeman said .
See Also :
Photo : William Hook / Flickr
Question :
If one is lost in the snow - covered wilderness that is the Canadian Rocky Mountains , is it better to have :
A. A small organization of local volunteers willing to conduct dangerous search and rescue operations ?
B. No search and rescue at all ?
I 'd be willing to bet that each and every person who has ever been saved by the Golden and District Search and Rescue Society would choose A .
However Gilles Blackburn of Quebec , who got lost by going off trail at a ski resort last February , and whom the Society was unable to locate , evidently believes that since the Society was unable to rescue him , it should n't be able to rescue anyone else either .
Quebec skier Gilles Blackburn filed two lawsuits last month claiming negligence and seeking damages from Golden and District Search and Rescue , RCMP , and the owners of Kicking Horse Resort after he and his wife became lost in the backcountry when they were skiing out of bounds , and she died .
Blackburn says the groups failed to heed his SOS messages .
Marie - Josee Fortin died of chronic hypothermia two days before a passing helicopter saved her husband .
The Golden District Search and Rescue Society appears to be an ad hoc , unpaid organization , like a volunteer fire department in a rural area .
It operates by means of raffles and fundraisers .
GSAR evidently does have insurance , but it 's shut down for the time being .
According to Canadian media , many similar organizations in rural or even arctic Canada are considering shutting down in response to the suit , because they can't afford insurance .
Search and Rescue volunteers ready to quit over lawsuits .
Lawsuit concerns halt East Kootenay rescue teams .
BC search - and - rescue volunteers consider quitting after lost skier files suit .
Of course , not a drop of virtual ink is spilled in any of these stories concerning the inherent riskiness of skiing in a place so remote that it might as well be the wilds of Daghestan .
Among those risks are broken limbs , being eaten by bears , and yes , getting lost because you wandered off the trail into an almost polar wilderness .
In the United States ( with a few noteworthy exceptions ) , the law shields " Good Samaritans " from liability for negligently rendered , but well - meant aid to those in jeopardy .
After all , if we impose tort liability on the guy who tries to remove someone from a burning car , or renders CPR to a heart attack victim , because he did n't perform as well as an EMT or cardiologist , only the bravest and most charitable will attempt to rescue anyone .
In fact , generally the law does not impose any duty at all to rescue someone , such as Gilles Blackburn , who is imperiled by his own risky or foolish behavior .
You could walk past Gilles Blackburn , trapped in a burning car because he crashed it after suffering a heart attack at the North Pole , and no court in the country would punish you .
But of course you 'd stop , because you 're a moral being .
You could n't live with yourself if you did n't .
An all - volunteer search society in the hinterlands of British Columbia is just that : a society of Good Samaritans .
Hopefully Mr. Blackburn 's loss , tragic as it was , wo n't lead directly to other lives being lost as a result of his foolish and misguided lawsuit .
Last 5 posts by Patrick Non-White
Google adds EPUB support to 1 m + ebooks
Google have updated their ebook project with the ability to download titles in EPUB format , the same file type as Sony recently switched to with its new range of ebook Reader devices .
It means that in excess of a million titles are now available in the more Reader - friendly format , having been scanned in , processed and edited by Google themselves in many cases .
EPUB is preferable to PDF – which has been the standard download format in Google Book Search for some time now – because it supports page reflowing .
This means that rather than looking at , in effect , an image of the book which is then zoomed to fit the page , the text actually reflows to suit the font size and page width .
This makes for an easier to read ebook .
The change is another feather in the cap – at least by proxy – to Sony , who recently announced not only a new , wireless ebook reader , the Daily Edition but partnerships with public libraries to help remove the purchase price issue of ebooks .
These new EPUB files from Google Book Search will only help in that push .
This was a shocking new concept , a kind of Bizarro Congress that is exactly the opposite of the one we see stumbling through its paces on TV .
That CSPAN Congress would quake in terror if asked to pass a bill against littering , fearing constituents might strain their backs by bending down to pick things up .
It took the members 30 years to ax a fighter jet program even the Pentagon hates .
Who knew they had the gumption to create death panels ?
Charles Grassley , the Republican senator from Iowa , told one town hall meeting that people “ have every right to fear ” that health care reform could lead to a “ government program that determines if you ’re going to pull the plug on grandma . ”
Grassley has been in the Senate for 28 years , and chaired the Senate Special Committee on Aging .
Yet he seems never to have noticed that if forced to choose between slaughtering a pen full of cute puppies and irritating the senior voters , every single elected official in Washington would grab a hatchet and dive for the dogs .
Grassley is a member of the six - person Senate negotiating panel that is making everybody wait around while it allegedly works on a bipartisan health care plan .
On Friday , the group leader , Max Baucus of Montana , reported the good news that the senators had a “ productive ” phone conversation in which the members “ discussed our progress . ”
This is the sort of encouraging report that is going to have Obama hitting the lobsters over the head with his putter .
Grassley and Mike Enzi of Wyoming , another Republican negotiator , have been busy upping the ante on what counts as truly bipartisan .
The magic number for Enzi and Grassley now seems to be 80 votes in the Senate .
This would mean getting at least half the Senate Republicans on board .
Try to imagine what that would entail .
The current Republican caucus contains exactly two members ( Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins of Maine ) who might be called moderate .
After that you move into people like Grassley , who is part of the smallish Calm Conservative camp .
Then you come to the larger Friendly Reactionaries contingent of which Enzi is a member and which has not indicated actual support for anything about health care reform except bipartisan negotiations .
To get to 80 you would have to venture even further to the right , into the Clan of the Cave Bear .
It is not clear whether the 80 - vote theory was part of the progress that the bipartisan negotiating panel discussed during that extremely productive call .
Maybe they were trading stories about how they spent their summer vacations .
You may recall that the six states represented by the negotiators contain a whopping 2.77 percent of the American population .
Perhaps they just wanted to stay on the phone because they ’re lonely .
The president ’s favorite debate tactic was a foundational form of disrespect — levied against his opponent as well as the nation .
There ’s a story that Donald Trump tells , in The Art of the Deal , about playing with his brother Robert when they were kids .
Each boy had his own set of blocks .
Then Donald decided — in a whim that he suggests portended his future career — to turn the toys into a real - estate property .
“ I ended up using all of my blocks , and then all of his , and when I was done , I ’d created a beautiful building , ” Trump writes .
“ I liked it so much that I glued the whole thing together .
And that was the end of Robert ’s blocks . ”
I thought of that story last night , as President Trump , having long since graduated to other forms of perfidy , met former Vice President Joe Biden in an event that was sold as a “ debate ” but was in practice one more parable about Trump ’s great appetite for destruction .
Over the course of the event , the president refused , once again , to condemn white supremacists .
He told a far - right group known to engage in armed violence at protests to “ stand back , and stand by . ”
He insulted Hunter Biden , before a national audience , to the father of Hunter Biden .
As usual , Trump weaponized his words .
But he also wreaked havoc through the words that were not said : Trump interrupted both Joe Biden and the event ’s moderator , Chris Wallace , at nearly every turn .
He used this rare moment of mass attention not to communicate with a weary public , but instead to sow empty chaos .
He filibustered his own debate .
The whole thing was a “ shitshow , ” CNN ’s Dana Bash said , correctly .
It was an insult to the memory of the more than 200,000 Americans who have died of COVID - 19 .
It was an insult to the Americans who took time out of their hectic lives to listen to the men who seek to lead them .
It was Donald Trump , taking the building blocks of a democracy and making them unusable for anyone else .
WASHINGTON  When Andi Kasarsky 's husband died six years ago , members of her synagogue came to sit shiva — the customary Jewish ritual of mourning — with her .
They came in shifts for days , many of them strangers , to share her grief .
And although Kasarsky was mourning her husband , many of the grievers were gay .
She was so touched by the support that Kasarsky , 54 , became a more faithful member of Bet Mishpachah , an unaffiliated Washington congregation of around 200 gays and lesbians .
She 's just one of many heterosexuals who are finding God in predominantly gay houses of worship .
" Mishpachah means family and they were truly family to me , " said Kasarsky .
" Is n't that what we want and look for and hope for in a religious community ? "
As faith - minded gays and lesbians struggle for acceptance in predominantly heterosexual churches and synagogues , the idea that heterosexuals seek out gay houses of worship might seem strange , but it happens more often than one might think .
Denver Schimming , 51 , and his wife Sheila Hobson , 48 , were in the market for a liberal - minded church in Nashville — " the buckle of the Bible Belt , " he says — and knew they found something different at Holy Trinity Community Church , where 90 % of its 350 members are gay , lesbian , bisexual or transgender ( GLBT ) .
" I laugh and say we 're the token straight couple , but I kid you not , they treat us like royalty , " said Hobson .
" They are so loving and giving . "
The Rev. Martin Luther King , Jr. , and others once called 11:00 on Sunday morning the most segregated hour in Christian America ; indeed , sexual orientation can be just as divisive .
Just as churches were split into white and black , they have also split between gay and straight .
Alternative faith communities that cater to GLBT believers , such as Holy Trinity and Bet Mishpachah , were an outgrowth of the gay rights movement that took root 40 years ago .
" Inclusion " is the buzzword for many of these congregations .
Rabbi Toby Manewith , a straight woman who was recently installed as Bet Mishpachah 's new rabbi , said the radical welcome grows out of " members ' experience of being on the outside . "
" Everyone who comes here , no matter their sexual or gender identity , religious affiliation or knowledge , everyone is welcomed with open arms , " said Manewith , 43 .
" You 'd hope that would happen in all religious communities , but the truth is it 's not an easy thing to put into practice . "
Some straight believers attend out of a sense of solidarity or social justice .
Others wandered in by accident , or were invited by a gay friend or family member , and simply felt at home and decided to stay .
While some congregations — such as those that belong to the 43,000 - member Metropolitan Community Churches ( MCC ) — were formed to deliberately minister to gays and lesbians , others took a more organic approach as their surroundings changed .
That 's what happened at St. Thomas Episcopal Church , in the heart of Washington 's gay Dupont Circle neighborhood .
Kristin Jones , 56 , stumbled upon St. Thomas nearly 25 years ago when it was , as she put it , full of elderly church ladies and young gay men .
She came because she liked to sing in the choir ; she stayed even though women — let alone straight women — are still the minority .
The church has seen Jones through single motherhood ; 60 members threw her a baby shower as she prepared to adopt her first of two daughters from China .
With time , " I started thinking of St. Thomas as my tribe , " she said .
Even with the support , being the straight sheep in a gay flock is not without its predictable oddities .
Ivan Zimmerman , 51 , remembers congregants assuming he was gay during his early days at Congregation Beth Simchat Torah , a renowned predominantly gay 700 - member synagogue in New York City .
" I would joke and say I 've come to terms with my heterosexuality , " Zimmerman said .
The minority status that straight members experience provides a taste of what GLBT people face daily — and that can even be appealing , straight worshippers said .
Avrum Weiss and his wife were the only heterosexual couple when they joined Atlanta 's mostly gay Bet Haverim synagogue ; now , half of the congregation 's 200 members are straight .
" Judaism is rooted in a long history of oppression and suffering , " Weiss said . " ...
When you sit in a room with people who are in that moment living through oppression , it 's a dramatically different experience . "
The founding MCC church in Los Angeles has also seen a spike in straight worshipers since moving to a new neighborhood .
Cathedral of Hope , a gay megachurch of 4,000 in Dallas , has seen a similar increase , but the straight membership still hovers at less than 5 % .
While gay congregations crave growth and vitality , some wonder if an influx of heterosexuals might change the character of faith communities that were formed to minister to minorities .
The Rev. Nancy Wilson , the moderator of the MCC , says her churches are n't going out of business anytime soon , but life might get more complex .
" Who connects to and relates to this ministry is much more complicated than it would have been in the early ' 70s , when it was mostly gay men , and white gay men at that , " she said .
Still , at the end of the day , a community of faith is more than labels .
Even though attending a mostly gay synagogue does n't help her love life now that she 's dating again , Kasarsky , of Bet Mishpachah , said it nonetheless fulfills her spiritual needs .
" It 's just another Jewish community , " she said .
" It just happens to be with lesbians and gays , which never mattered to me . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Army ’s West Bank Tactics Imported to Negev
AMRA — The inhabitants of the Bedouin village of Amra have good reason to fear that the harsh tactics used by the Israeli army against Palestinians in the occupied West Bank have been imported to their small corner of Israel ’s Negev desert .
Over the summer , the Tarabin tribe , all of them Israeli citizens , have had the sole access road to their homes sealed off , while the dirt track they must use instead is regularly blocked by temporary checkpoints at which their papers and vehicles are inspected at length .
Coils of razor wire encircle much of the village , and children as young as eight have been arrested in a series of night - time raids .
“ Four - fifths of our youngsters now have files with the police and our drivers are being repeatedly fined for supposed traffic violations , ” said Tulab Tarabin , one of Amra ’s 400 Bedouin inhabitants .
“ Every time we are stopped , the police ask us : ‘ Why do n’t you leave ? ’ ”
Lawyers and human rights activists say a campaign of pressure is being organised against the Tarabin at the behest of a nearby Jewish community , Omer , which is determined to build a neighbourhood for Israeli army officers on the tribe ’s land .
“ The policy in Israel is that when Jews need land , the Bedouin must move – no matter how long they have been living in their homes or whether their communities predate Israel ’s creation , ” said Morad al Sana , a lawyer with the Adalah legal centre for Israel ’s Arab minority .
“ The Tarabin ’s crime is that they refuse to budge . ”
The 180,000 Bedouin in the Negev have never been welcome , says Oren Yiftachel , a geographer at Ben Gurion University of the Negev in Beersheva .
They are descendants of a few thousand who managed to avoid expulsion from the southern semi-desert region during the 1948 war that founded Israel .
Many of the surviving Bedouin , including the Tarabin , were forcibly relocated from their extensive ancestral lands in the 1950s to an area close to the Negev ’s main city , Beersheva , Prof Yiftachel said .
Israel declared the Bedouin lands as “ state land ” and established a series of overcrowded “ townships ” to house the tribes instead .
“ The stated goal is one of ‘ Judaisation ’ , ” Prof Yiftachel added , referring to a long - standing policy of concentrating the rural Bedouin into urban reservations to free up land for Jewish settlement .
About half of the Negev ’s Bedouin , some 90,000 , have refused to move .
According to a recent report from the Association of Civil Rights in Israel ( ACRI ) , the townships have “ continuously ranked as the poorest , least developed and most crime - ridden towns in Israel . ”
The refuseniks , such as the Tarabin , have faced unrelenting pressure to leave their 45 rural communities , none of which is recognised by the state .
The villagers endure “ third world conditions , ” according to ACRI .
“ The unrecognised villages are denied basic services to their homes , including water and electricity , and the villages themselves have no master plans , ” Mr al Sana said .
As a result , he added , the villagers are forced to live in tin shacks and tents because concrete homes are invariably destroyed by the authorities .
In the past two years , several shacks as well as the local kindergarten in Amra have been demolished .
The stark contrast between the dusty encampment of Amra and the green lawns and smart villas of Omer , only a stone ’s throw away and the country ’s third wealthiest community , is unsettling even for some of Omer ’s 7,000 residents .
One , Yitzhak Nevo , a philosophy professor at Ben Gurion University and a leading activist with Dukium , a Negev coexistence group , said that , although the lands on which the Tarabin live fall under Omer ’s jurisdiction , the Bedouin have been entirely excluded .
“ Even though they live within Omer ’s municipal limits , their children get no education from us ; our health clinic does not treat them ; they are not hooked up to our water or electricity supplies and their refuse is not collected . ”
He said Amra had been treated as nothing more than an eyesore until the mid-1990s when the powerful mayor , Pinhas Badash , decided that the Tarabin were both harming property values and obstructing the town ’s expansion plans .
As Omer ’s new neighbourhoods reached the limits of Amra , Mr Badash stepped up the pressure on the villagers to leave .
A few years ago he pushed through the building of a new community for the Tarabin away from Omer .
Two - thirds of the tribe relocated , while the remainder fought the attempted eviction through the courts .
“ It was a very dirty business in which those in the tribe who left first were offered cheap land on which to build while the rest were threatened that they would be offered nothing , ” Mr al Sana said .
Amra ’s remaining Bedouin have found themselves surrounded by a tall wire fence to separate them from Omer .
Two gates , ordered by the courts to ensure the Bedouin continued to have road access through the town , were sealed this year .
Since the beginning of the summer police patrol Amra ’s side of the fence around the clock and the Tarabin report that a private security firm chases off any of them found inside Omer .
Nissim Nir , a spokesman for Mr Badash , denied that the Tarabin were being hounded .
Omer made a generous offer to relocate them from their “ illegal ” site , he said .
Recently Mr Badash announced that thousands of acres around Omer would be forested with the intention of stopping the Bedouin from returning to the area once they had been evicted .
Mr Tarabin , 33 , accused the police of being little more than hired hands carrying out Mr Badash ’s plan .
“ We are being suffocated .
There are night - time searches of our homes using bogus pretexts , and arrests of young children .
We are photographed and questioned as we go about our business .
At the roadblocks they endlessly check cars entering and leaving , and fines are issued .
No one visits us unless they have to , and we stay home unless we have to leave . ”
He added : “ Why is it so impossible for Omer to imagine allowing us to be a neighbourhood of the town ? ”
A report by Human Rights Watch last year severely criticised Israel ’s treatment of the Bedouin .
E - Cigs May Be Worse Than the Real Thing
E -Cigarettes have been all the rage , especially as smoking becomes more and more taboo across the country .
Most products use some form of glycol to deliver atomized doses of nicotine , much like a breath spray or mouthwash aerosol .
They ’re supposed to smoke like a real cigarette , and according to the FDA , they ’re just as bad for your health .
I ’ll spare you the majority of the boring details , which you can find on the FDA ’s website .
Essentially , the FDA ’s Division of Pharmaceutical Analysis took a look at several brands , who sell themselves as a “ safe alternative ” mind you , and found some disappointing results .
One sample included a type of glycol found in antifreeze , diethylene glycol .
You can imagine that stuff is toxic to human beings ( UPDATE : in concentrated doses .
The FDA approves food - grade use of DEG in concentrations up to .2 % .
The FDA study found DEG levels as high as 1 % , which is 5 times the level approved by the FDA – thanks to toosheds at reddit ) .
Other suspected compounds include anabasine , myosmine , and β- nicotyrine , all of which appeared in several samples .
Half the samples tested produced known human carcinogens present in tobacco cigarettes .
As for helping you quit , the results might make you think about Nicorette .
One tested sample delivered twice the amount of Nicotine of inhalers approved for cessation therapy .
Other e-cigs produced such variable amounts of nicotine per puff that it would be almost impossible to call them cessation methods .
This is n’t really news for the people who will continue to smoke , regardless of health concerns .
Sure , you ’re adding another toxic chemical or two to the mix , but at least you can do so in smoke - free restaurants and bars , right ?
For anyone considering the devices as a quitting method or “ safe alternative , ” get your buzz elsewhere .
I ’d recommend a delicious cup of coffee .
Speaking of …
“ A lot of information he did give us was easily accessible online , ” Mr. Maslauskas Dunn said .
“ You just had to do a little research . ”
Mr. Hendricks said he and other group members did not accept classified information if it was offered by people in the military .
Mr. Hendricks , who said he lived in Olympia and repaired printers for a living , said Mr. Towery had drawn his suspicion more than once in the past , including after he posted inaccurate information about a military movement on an activist Web site .
Yet he and Mr. Maslauskas Dunn , who said he worked as a janitor at a lumber mill in Shelton , Wash . , said Mr. Towery ’s identity was inadvertently discovered after a public records request made with the City of Olympia .
The request yielded an e-mail message Mr. Towery had sent to another person with a military address relating to the protesters ’ activities .
That led Mr. Hendricks and other group members to try to determine who Mr. Towery was .
After they learned it was the man they had known as Mr. Jacob , they discussed it at City Council meeting in Olympia last week and posted the information on a Web site .
Mr. Maslauskas
Dunn said that in a meeting last week , Mr. Towery told him and another group member that he was not reporting information to Fort Lewis and that he genuinely wanted to join “ the peace movement ” but was under pressure to share some information about protesters with local law enforcement authorities .
“ What he said is that the world is n’t just in black and white , that there are areas of gray and that it ’s in those areas of gray that he lives his life , ” Mr. Maslauskas Dunn said .
He said Mr. Towery told them that the Army had reassigned him , at least temporarily , and that he was being investigated “ for espionage . ”
Mr. Maslauskas Dunn and Mr. Hendricks said they were skeptical of suggestions that Mr. Towery might have infiltrated the group purely on his own , as a so - called renegade without Army approval .
Stephen Dycus , a professor at Vermont Law School who focuses on national security issues , said the Army was prohibited from conducting law enforcement among civilians except in very rare circumstances , none of which immediately appeared to be relevant to the Fort Lewis case .
Mr. Dycus said several statutes and rules also prohibited the Army from conducting covert surveillance of civilian groups for intelligence purposes .
A 19 - year - old Saylorsburg man faces charges after he was found with marijuana during a traffic stop Sunday in Forks Township , court records say .
William H. Jones Jr. was pulled over shortly before 9 p.m. at Bushkill Drive and Mitman Road after an officer noticed he had studded tires on his car , records say .
A search of Jones ' vehicle allegedly turned up a large plastic bag of marijuana , digital scales and $ 815 .
Jones was charged with possession of a controlled substance with intent to deliver , possession of a controlled substance , possession of drug paraphernalia and possession of a small amount of marijuana .
He was sent to Northampton County Prison in lieu of $ 10,000 bail .
Tuesday , 11 Aug , 2009 Environment
Airbia is an amazing airship designed by Alexandros Tsolakis and Irene Shamma .
It is possible that such eco-friendly airships will replace in the near future today 's air - polluting means of transport .
Airbia infrastructure system will make it possible for people to travel from suburban areas to urban city centers fast and easy .
The airships use helium and with overhead loading platforms the system will require a rather small amount of infrastructure .
It is worth mentioning that each airship will have the possibility to carry up to 400 people and the average speed of travel will reach 93 miles an hour ( 150 km / h ) .
Airbia airships will fly at heights that will range between 30 and 500 meters above the ground .
According to Tsolakis and Shamma , their system could replace vehicles and trains as a mean of transportation that helps people get from suburbs to city centers .
Airbia represents one of 20 amazing finalists in ReBurbia contest to redesign the suburbs .
You can find more information at Re-Burbia.com .
Long awaited in the list , voice support for pidgin for GNU / Linux is out , most of them were on Skype all these days for Voice and Video , not any more i feel , with this advancement it 's nice to hear and talk also .
Howto install from source :
For Ubuntu user , you may just setup from PPA :
To setup the PPA , copy - and - paste these commands into a terminal :
sudo apt - key adv -- recv-keys -- keyserver keyserver.ubuntu.com \ 67265eb522bdd6b1c69e66ed7fb8bee0a1f196a8
echo deb
http://ppa.launchpad.net/pidgin-developers/ppa/ubuntu \ `lsb_release -- short -- codename` main | \
sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/pidgin-ppa.list
sudo apt - get update && sudo apt - get upgrade
To compile from source :
1 . Get the source from : < a href = " http://biznetnetworks.dl.sourceforge.net/project/pidgin/Pidgin/2.6.1/pidgin-2.6.1.tar.bz2 " target = " _blank " >
Source
2. Extract and cd the directory pidgin - 2.6.1 .
3. sudo ./ configure && make && sudo make install
Other packages that might be of your interest :
pidgin - encryption pidgin- musictracker
pidgin - extprefs pidgin-nateon
pidgin - facebookchat pidgin- nateon - dbg
pidgin - festival pidgin-otr
pidgin- audacious pidgin- guifications
pidgin - plugin - pack pidgin - blinklight
pidgin - hotkeys pidgin- privacy - please
pidgin - bot - sentry pidgin- lastfm
pidgin - screenshot pidgin-data
pidgin- libnotify pidgin-sipe
pidgin - dbg pidgin-librvp
pidgin - themes pidgin-dev
pidgin-mpris
Screen Captured and attached .
If you failed to do so , follow the alternate method
Install these :
libgstfarsight0.10 - 0 , libpurple0 , libpurple - bin ,
pidgin - data , libpurple - bin , pidgin- data and pidgin
Many people in Australia think that it is easy to find out different things related to the plumbing systems and plumbing tools .
Though it is true that when you start finding the hardware and the various fixtures you might need for your kitchen and bathroom renovation projects , you can find plenty of options which are useful and trustworthy in terms of the materials and their design as well .
But when buying new Taps , Irrigation or irrigation systems , PVC pipe , Basin , Hot water or hot water systems you must know that you have to follow the following things in order to avoid further issues :
Do\'s
Do select a high quality product that actually has proven performance and sturdiness .
Do make sure to select Tempering valve , Sprinkler , Poly pipe and all such things carefully to avoid mismatched accessories .
Do find out well - fitted accessories that suit the existing place .
Don\'ts
Don \'t every try to use the previously used products and fixtures which may cause leakage for sure .
Never try to find products which are not known for a leak proof performance
Don \'t buy excessive things which are not meant for the kind of place you are working on because they will only create mess and will not be helpful in giving a better performance and look as well .
Buying new plumbing essentials means you will be buying things in place of the older objects .
So you can learn and get an idea with the help of the previous fixtures by knowing what faults they had and how they messed up with the plumbing necessities .
By knowing the real problems you can easily detect what you need and choose the right products for making it easier and better for the place that is being renovated .
Buying new fixtures needs proper selection so that you cannot find more troubles when you are fixing and renovating the area .
On a recent Saturday night , Savannah Stern earned $ 300 to hang out for seven hours at a party in Santa Monica wearing nothing but a feather boa .
The veteran of more than 350 hard - core pornography productions took the job to earn extra cash and to network .
But the word at the 35th anniversary party for Hustler magazine was not heartening , especially among the roughly 75 other women working there .
“ At least five girls I have n’t seen in a while came up to me and said , ‘ Savannah , are you working ? ’ ” said Stern , who started in the industry four years ago and , like most adult performers , uses a stage name .
“ I had to say , ‘ No , not really , ’ and they all said , ‘ Yeah , I ’m not either . ’ ”
The adult entertainment business , centered in the San Fernando Valley , has weathered several recessions since it took off with the advent of home video in the 1980s .
But this time the industry is not dealing with just a weakened economy .
A growing abundance of free content on the Internet is undercutting consumers ’ willingness to pay for porn , and with it the ability of many workers to earn a living in the business .
For Stern , 23 , the rapid decline of job opportunities in the porn business over the last year has been dramatic .
She has gone from working four or five days a week to one and now has employers pressuring her to do male - female sex scenes for $ 700 , a 30 % discount from the $ 1,000 fee that used to be the industry standard .
Less than two years ago , Stern earned close to $ 150,000 annually , sometimes turned down work and drove a Mercedes - Benz CLK 350 .
Now she ’s aggressively reaching out for jobs and making closer to $ 50,000 a year .
As for that Mercedes ?
She ’s replacing it with a used Chevy Trailblazer -- from her parents .
“ The opportunities in this industry really are disappearing , ” Stern said .
“ It ’s extremely stressful . ”
Industry insiders estimate that since 2007 , revenue for most adult production and distribution companies has declined 30 % to 50 % and the number of new films made has fallen sharply .
“ We ’ve gone through recessions before , but we ’ve never been hit from every side like this , ” said Mark Spiegler , head of the Spiegler Girls talent agency , who has worked in porn since 1995 .
“ It ’s the free stuff that ’s killing us , and that ’s not going away , ” said Dion Jurasso , owner of porn production company Combat Zone , which has seen its business fall about 50 % in the last three years .
Porn is hardly the only segment of the media industry struggling with these issues .
But its problems appear to be more severe .
Whereas online piracy has forced big changes in the music industry and is starting to affect movies and television , it has upended adult entertainment .
At least five of the 100 top websites in the U.S. are portals for free pornography , referred to in the industry as “ tube sites , ” according to Internet traffic ranking service Alexa .com .
Some of their content is amateur work uploaded by users and some is acquired from cheap back catalogs , but much of it is pirated .
Sites like Pornhub , YouPorn and RedTube attract more users than TMZ and the Huffington Post .
The porn sites are even bigger than Pirate Bay , the top portal for illegal downloads of movies , TV shows and music .
Frustratingly for porn producers and distributors in the Valley , none of these sites appears to be making much money .
Suzann Knudsen , a marketing director for PornoTube , said the site ’s parent , Adult Entertainment Broadcast Network , uses it to attract customers for paid video on demand .
“ PornoTube is n’t a piggy bank , ” she said .
“ Its true value is in traffic . ”
The adult entertainment business , which was previously in the vanguard of home video , satellite and cable television and digital distribution , now finds itself leading the rest of the entertainment industry in losses from them .
“ The death of the DVD business has been more accelerated in the adult business than mainstream , ” said Bill Asher , co-chairman of adult industry giant Vivid Entertainment , who estimates that his company ’s revenue is down more than 20 % this year .
“ We always said that once the Internet took off , we ’d be OK , ” he added .
“ It never crossed our minds that we ’d be competing with people who just give it away for free . ”
There are plenty of other signs of the porn industry ’s pain .
Attendance at the Adult Entertainment Expo , an annual trade show in Las Vegas that ’s open some days to the public , was down 20 % this year .
Pay - per - view programming , a key revenue source for the industry , has fallen about 50 % from its peak three or four years ago , according to a person familiar with the cable and satellite TV business .
Reliable revenue and employment figures for the adult industry do n’t exist , since no analysts or economists track it .
Adult Video
News estimated in 2006 that it was worth $ 13 billion , but Paul Fishbein , editor of the trade publication , said the number was “ an educated guess . ”
“ Almost all of the companies in our industry are privately held , and they keep the cards close to their chests , ” said Diane Duke , executive director of the Free Speech Coalition , an industry trade group .
The effects of the downturn have been felt most severely by the thousands of people who work in the adult entertainment business .
Kelly Labanco does n’t need industry estimates to know what ’s happening .
The makeup artist , who has worked in porn for five years , is landing half as many jobs as she did a year ago and has seen her pay drop from a high of $ 250 an hour to less than $ 100 .
“ A lot of companies say they do n’t even need makeup artists now and the girls can do it themselves , ” said Labanco , who has returned to her previous job doing freelance music publicity to pay the bills .
Even the industry ’s biggest events are n’t worth what they used to be for working people like Labanco .
Last year , she and a friend did makeup for a week at the Adult Entertainment Expo and earned $ 8,000 .
This year : $ 1,200 .
Caroline Pierce , an adult film performer who lives in Las Vegas but flies to Los Angeles for work , said many companies have pressured her to do more scenes for less money .
“ Instead of paying you $ 800 to do one , they ’ll pay you $ 1,200 for both , ” she explained .
As economic pressures increase , many performers have also changed their minds about what they are willing do on - screen .
Previously , women earned hefty bonuses for unusual sex scenes .
That ’s often no longer the case .
“ A few years ago the girls we got were OK , but not stellar models , and we were sometimes paying $ 2,500 , ” said porn director Matt Morningwood , referring to a website he shoots for that features one woman and multiple male partners .
“ Nowadays some of the top - tier models will do that scene for us and you ’re looking at maybe $ 1,800 .
I ’m happy for the production , but I feel bad for exploiting the girls ’ situation . ”
The only growth market most executives see is mobile devices , since they let consumers watch porn anywhere and in relative privacy .
Major companies that serve as a gateway to content on cellphones in the U.S. such as Verizon do n’t allow explicit adult content .
But like cable and satellite companies in the 1990s , they may change their minds when they see the potential profit .
“ Anyone betting against porn being a meaningful driver of traffic and revenue on mobile networks would be making a bad choice based on history , ” said Charles Golvin , an analyst at Forrester Research .
Adult performers with big followings probably will continue to prosper , since they often work under a guaranteed contract and have loyal fans who buy all their work .
Business managers for Belladonna and Tera Patrick , two of the industry ’s biggest stars , said their clients were using their celebrity to make money in other ways , like dancing in exotic clubs and licensing their name to sex toys and lingerie .
“ The economy has forced us to look in other directions such as tangible goods , ” said Evan Seinfeld , who co-manages Patrick , his wife , and runs her production company , Teravision .
But for the “ middle class ” of the industry , those opportunities do n’t exist .
“ It seems at this point that if you have n’t established a well - known name , it ’s really hard to keep working , ” performer Alexa Jordan said .
Savannah Stern is adjusting to that reality .
She ’s shooting scenes for her own subscription website and planning a tour of exotic dance clubs to earn money from her name while she can .
After that , she hopes to go to college for an interior design degree and work in her family ’s real estate development and contracting business .
“ I wish I would have never gotten into it , ” Stern said of her career in porn .
“ When you get used to a certain lifestyle , it ’s really hard to cut back and realize this may not be forever . ”
This is one of the first photos of an actual gScreen 's dual 15.4 - inch screen Spacebook — two full screens ( not just an extra 10 - inch one like Lenovo 's W700 ) .
Really .
There were renders before , but here are the photos .
Advertisement
The Alaska based company , started by Gordon Stewart ( yep , that is where the G in gScreen comes from ) , is aiming its dual screen laptops at professional designers , filmmakers , photographers and really anyone who can't live without a dual screen for everyday productivity .
They have also been in talks with the military .
The chassis ( which we expect is at least 12 pounds ) is built around the 15.4 inch screen ( though the first units that come to market will have 16 - inch or 17 - inch screens ) and its twin , identically sized screen slides out from behind the first using a uniquely designed sliding mechanism .
Advertisement
" We designed this knowing that many may not need the extra screen at all times , " Gordon told me .
But when you do use both screens you 'll get about 30 - inches of screen space .
GScreen plans to release dual 13 - inch models at some point .
Gordon plans to have the first Spacebooks being sold through Amazon.com by December of this year .
Currently they are making tweaks to the power source ( as you can see from one of the images ) and to the screen slider .
They will run Windows 7 and be powered by Intel Core 2 Duo processors ( we would love to see some mobile Core i7 love here ) , 4GB of RAM and high - end Nvidia GF900M GT discrete graphics .
The plan is for fast 7,200 RPM hard drives and six or nine - cell batteries .
It will also have a DVD player so you can watch a flick on one screen and refresh Giz on the other .
" It is absolutely the opposite of a netbook , " he told us .
Yea that is no kidding with a price tag that he is hoping to keep under $ 3,000 .
Advertisement
Now we are skeptical about them meeting their end of the year production date considering this model 's power cord looks like more than a work in progress , but seeing as Santa is close by to gScreen 's Alaska headquarters we do n't see why he can't just drop off some dual screen craziness in time for Christmas .
[ gScreen ]
An intelligent mind once said , " if I can touch your system , then it 's not your system . "
This phrase shaped the way I approached security , and increased my paranoia .
Although many guides exist that describe full disk encryption , they unfortunately fall a bit short of the claim and leave a bit …
Bennett Aiello Attorneys at Law is dedicated to the effective and efficient resolution of commercial and business disputes .
We are an established local presence throughout South Florida and have the knowledge and capabilities to represent clients nationwide .
Our lawyers have vast experience handling business and corporate litigation , as well as all types of civil litigation .
Our noted attorneys have handled a wide array of commercial disputes across the spectrum of industries .
We have successfully represented startups , entrepreneurs , small businesses and national and multinational corporations .
You can rely on us for the experience , knowledge and talent you need to put your business in a position to succeed in a commercial or business dispute .
We represent clients in matters involving :
INCENSED : Artist Roger Griffiths with the $ 190,000 in cash he withdrew from Westpac Bank this morning in protest at the bank turning down a loan request .
Defiant Mapua artist Roger Griffiths today made a stand against Westpac by withdrawing his $ 190,000 savings in $ 20 notes .
The bank provided a red - and - black carry bag to take away the cash after meticulously counting it in front of Mr Griffiths at its Nelson branch .
Mr Griffiths , a loyal Westpac customer for 25 years , decided to withdraw his money after the bank rejected his application for an $ 80,000 mortgage .
" It 's about time normal people took a stand . "
He said the bank turned down his application because he did not have a regular income as an artist .
However , he was a successful artist , exhibiting his paintings at the World of Wearable Art complex , in Christchurch and New York , he said .
He wanted to buy a $ 385,000 property in Mapua , had $ 200,000 in cash and was going to sell his $ 110,000 campervan .
That more than met the bank 's criteria for a 20 per cent deposit , and the property which included a home and commercial premises would have returned $ 500 a week , he said .
He was disappointed when his loan application was rejected , but it was Westpac losing $ 111 million to Lane Walker Rudkin Industries that tipped his decision to withdraw his money .
" They can lose $ 110 million with LWR but turn down a normal customer who has never missed a loan payment , " he said .
" If they do n't have the trust in me after 25 years , there 's a problem for Westpac . "
Having decided to withdraw his money , he then decided to make it hard for the bank by requesting payment in $ 20 bills .
He said the Nelson branch told him it did not have that amount and he would have to also go to other branches at Stoke , Richmond and Motueka .
However , he insisted the bank have the money ready to collect at 9 am today .
He then took it to the Nelson Building Society , saying he would rather deal with NBS because it was part of the community .
His message to Westpac : " If you do n't support the community , the community wo n't support you . "
Mr Griffiths ' protest comes after a series of embarrassments for Westpac .
On Tuesday its former Alexandra bank manager admitted defrauding the bank of more than $ 400,000 , and it has been left red - faced over the slip - up that allowed $ 10 million to be wrongly credited to a Rotorua service station co-owner who had since fled to China .
Westpac media relations manager Craig Dowling said today that when the bank lent money it required certain information to be provided to enable that lending to be done prudently .
" It 's about providing evidence of an ability to meet regular repayments . "
In Mr Griffiths ' case that information was not provided for it to be assessed , he said .
Mr Griffiths ' withdrawal was disappointing .
" We would like to welcome Mr Griffiths back .
We just need the confidence regular repayments can be met . "
Growing plants would be a lot easier if plants could express what it is they need from you .
Fret not because that ’s what the Pet Plant by Junyi Heo does .
The very sleek looking pot measures soil conditions , temperature , humidity , and water – calculates those variables based on the need of said plant , and expresses its condition via a series of pictograms on an LCD display .
It ’s also smart enough to know if you ’ve over watered and will systematically drain itself into a water vessel .
All this high tech goodness does mean it needs power but a simple USB interface does double duty by charging and transmitting pertinent information to and from computer software .
Designer : Junyi Heo
I got the MiFi , the personal , battery powered Wi-Fi router , in for testing a while ago .
Today , the SIM card turned up , and after a little jiggery - pokery , it ’s up and running .
And you know what ?
The combo of iPod Touch and MiFi might just be better than the iPhone .
The MiFi was recently announced for the Spanish market , and is carried on the same terrible network as the iPhone : Movistar , the mobile wing of Telefónica .
In fact , as Movistar is also getting the Palm Pre , you could argue that it has all the worthwhile gadgets to itself .
The iPhone price situation has improved here since the 3GS showed up , and you can now combine any data plan with any voice plan .
The variable is the price you pay for the handset .
But even the new “ tarifa plana iphone premium ” offers just 3GB per month of data before the speed drops , and still costs € 40 ( $ 57 ) per month , plus voice .
The same company ’s best internet plan for computers , though , is the same price for 10 GB , after which you can still get service at a lower speed .
This is actually a better deal than in the US .
Still , this part is Spain - centric .
The real point is that if you have a mobile Wi -Fi hotspot in your pocket , it is going to be cheaper than an iPhone contract pretty much anywhere , and can not only enable your iPod Touch to have an always on connection , but let you make Skype calls and stream music without having to worry about the usual iPhone size limits , as you ’re on Wi-Fi .
You can also share the connection with five machines in total , including a netbook for true on the go video calls and ( gasp ) Spotify .
Setup
Setting up was a little tricky .
The included software ( actually on the 2GB microSD card inside the MiFi ) let me use the unit as a USB modem , but it would n’t connect via HSPA ( this is the GSM version of the box ) .
I jiggered around in my Mac ’s network settings and found that I needed to add a nonce password to the MiFi to get things moving .
After that all is sweet .
Switch on and lights start to flash .
You connect via Wi -Fi like you would anywhere , and the machine automatically connects to the internet , A glowing purple light tells you you have a 3G connection .
It will also fall back on EDGE or even GPRS , for which there are different colored lights .
You ’ll also want to change the security settings .
This MiFi shipped with no protection on the wireless connection , and one of my many neighbors had actually hopped on before I could even type 192.168.1.1 into my browser to configure things .
In Use
It ’s only been a half a day , but I have given most things a quick stress test .
It ’s fast .
The connection , using Speedtest.net , is 1.77 Mbps down , and a surprising 1.11 Mbps up .
Compared to my home connection - 2.55 Mbps down and a pathetic 0.26 Mbps up , and it looks pretty fast .
I tested the MiFi with Skype ( works fine ) , Spotify ( blisteringly fast , instant playing for tracks , although the local cacheing helps ) on a netbook running OS X , and with Google Maps on an iPod Touch ( Street View and core location both work great ) .
Skype also works well , but as yet another pair of Apple headphones ( with mic ) have died on me I could n’t test call quality .
This quick test is , as I said , the result of a few hours use , but it already looks like the combo of MiFi and iPod in a pocket could be all the mobile power I need .
I ’ll be stress testing this over the coming weeks ( beach , moving vehicles , out - of - city trips ) to see if it holds up , but as it looks now , I might actually consider buying one when this one goes back .
Stay tuned .
Product page [ Movistar ]
See Also :
We 've all seen the big spoofs of scifi classics .
Family Guy just recreated Star Wars and the Simpsons ' Prisoner tribute was perfection .
But nobody salutes science fiction better than 30 Rock 's sly one - liners , which just slip it in there .
Advertisement
We 're madly in love with the writing on 30 Rock , mainly because each wickedly clever line is laced with loads of nerd - only humor .
Sure , Big Bang
Theory is cute and full of genre arguments and pop-culture showdowns , but I have much more respect for the show that can slip in a Star Trek / Boston Legal joke with out flinching .
To show our appreciation , we 've rounded up the best of the best 30 Rock geek moments — feel free to suggest your own .
The embrace of the genre way is n't a new thing for non -genre shows .
Below I 've collected a few moments from the leading contenders that also excel in dropping BSG riff after Rocky Horror joke .
Please add on your favorites in the comments .
Advertisement
Veronica Mars
Veronica and friends really knew how to turn a phrase into a layered geek out dialogue session , here 's just a taste of best .
The Big Bang Theory
The series is about nerds ... so not really fair but they did really hash a lot of real life genre arguments .
The Office
Dwight represent !
How I Met Your Mother
We actually wrote an entire about this dillema , can you love someone that does n't love Star Wars ?
Additional reporting and gathering by Julia Carusillo .
Worldbuilding , Briefly
All the recent discussion of design in the Star Wars universe has led to a fair question of how deeply someone designing a universe and the things in it has to go to make the thing plausible enough for its task — which , in my opinion , is to keep the audience engaged all the way through the work without once saying , “ now , wait just a minute … ”
Other worldbuilders will have to answer this one when talking about their own works , but as for me , in general , I try to build my worlds at least two questions deep — that is , you make your creations robust enough to stand up to a general question and then a more specific followup question .
Thus :
Reader :
Why did you give your genetically engineered soldiers cat ’s eyes in Old Man ’s War ?
Me : Well , relating specifically to pupils , it allows better filtering for the range of visible light the soldiers work in across different planets and environments .
Reader : Okay , but why not just engineer eyeballs to make smaller round pupils ?
Me :
The scientists in the OMW universe find it easier to work with pre-existing genetic code than develop new code , so they do that whenever possible .
And for about 90 % of your readers , that ’s going to be sufficient rationale .
For about 10 % of your readers , it wo n’t be , but at some point , and simply as a practical matter , you realize that some folks are n’t going to be happy with your worldbuilding no matter how far you drill down , and that you can just sort of accept that as the cost of doing business in a geek - rich field like science fiction .
To a very real extent , what you ’re aiming for is sufficiency , not completeness .
( Mind you , that ’s if you ’re creating the way most people do , which is to have the world come out of the story , not the other way around .
Tolkien , as an example and if memory serves , did it the other way around , which is that he built the world in detail first , and then told a story ( two , actually ) inside of it .
You certainly can do it that way , and it is frankly awesome when pulled off well .
But also it ’s sort of the long way around , and recommended primarily for nerdy , vaguely OCD people with secure day jobs and lots and lots of time to kill . )
I think by and large the OMW universe functions at the “ two questions deep ” level , although I suppose it does depend on which two questions someone asks .
To be sure , I know of at least a couple of places where the universe is barely a single question deep , which was bad worldbuilding on my part , and the only thing to do about it at this point is not call attention to those specific places .
Please move on , nothing to see here [ insert Jedi handwave ] .
But overall , it ’s robust enough ( and written well enough , which is a critical point ) to get most people through each book without stopping to ask questions about the details therein .
Which is what I want , personally :
If you get through the work before you start nitpicking , that qualifies as a victory condition for me .
Web users could be putting themselves at risk by surfing to some sites that contain more than 18,000 different security threats each , says Symantec .
Artwork : Chip Taylor
The security vendor has compiled a list of this year 's 100 " Dirtiest Websites . "
Just by visiting these sites , Web users could see their PCs infected with viruses or even have their senitive personal data stolen by cyber criminals , even if they do n't download or click on anything in particular .
Symantec said the average number of threats per malicious site is 23 .
However , all of the websites that made the top 100 list have on average 18,000 per site , with 40 percent having over 20,000 security threats .
The company also said that three quarters of the sites have been distributing malware for over six months .
As expected just under half of the websites offered adult content , but what is more surprising is that other 52 websites covered a random selection of topics such as deer hunting , catering , figure skating , legal services and electronics .
" There has been exponential growth in the number of online threats that are constantly evolving as cybercriminals look for new ways to target your money , identity or assets .
In 2008 , most new infections occurred while people were surfing the web , " said Marian Merritt , Symantec 's internet safety advocate .
Broadband speed test
PC security advice
See also :
Fake antivirus becoming most dangerous malware
This story , " 100 Dirtiest Sites to Avoid for Safety 's Sake " was originally published by PC Advisor ( UK ) .
[ HTML2 ]
It ’s Friday .
Which means it ’s time for Beer and Blog Portland .
But it ’s also a very special Friday here in Portland .
It ’s the last full weekend in July .
And that means it ’s time for the Oregon Brewers Festival , the annual gathering of local craft brewers demonstrating their brewing wizardry .
But there ’s one little problem : too many choices .
Where to turn for guidance ?
The blogs of course .
So here ’s a collection of Oregon beer blogs to help you wend your way to the tastiest brews on tap .
“ Surviving Portland ’s abundance of good beer .
Beer Around Town was started for no real reason .
It is in no way intended to be an educational tool , a guide to good beer , a breaking news source , or any sort of podium for me to influence by way of opinion .
There are other great blogs out there that do that .
This blog is a collection of my adventures in Portland ’s outstanding beer scene and the people and beers I ’ve encountered along the way . ”
“ John Foyston has been an Oregonian writer since 1987 and has written about beer , music , quilting bees , Michael Flatley and steam locomotives .
He had real jobs before journalism ; he was a motorcycle mechanic , owned an Italian bike shop , played in rock ‘ n ’ roll bands , took care of 1,000 rhesus monkeys and built computers , though not all at the same time . ”
Missing the festival ( gasp ! ) but still an awesome resource throughout the year .
“ This blog carries on a tradition of writing about beer that I started almost ten years ago at the Portland weekly Willamette Week–back when craft brewing was new and interesting enough to support a regular columnist .
Ah , the good old days ! ”
“ Brewpublic leaves no beer behind in the quest to bring thirsty Brewpublicans information on the finest craft ales , lagers , yeast culture , and all things beer .
“ Join us as we salute the brew ( r) evolution from Beervana – Portland , Oregon , the Pacific Northwest and everywhere Brewpublicans reside in the vast Brewniverse . ”
“ Right now , The Brew Site is a weblog , devoted to the subject of beer .
When I originally started this site , I had a grand plan to build it into the premier site and directory for beer and brewing - related information online ; however , real life intruded and I never properly had the time to implement those plans .
What I ’ve since found more manageable is blogging .
So , I ’ve relaunched as a blog . ” [ Editor : Side projects FTW !]
“ Born in the heartland of American craft brewing , Portland , OR - based BS Brewing has been making quality craft beers for friends and brewing aficionados since 2005 . ”
More aurally inclined .
No worries .
Here ’s a podcast for you .
“ After living in the Pacific Northwest for more than 20 years I find myself immersed in the Brewing Community .
Some may say that I am a beer snob , but the truth is , though I appreciate hops , I prefer malt .
I ’m sometimes called “ Malt Momma ” .
I ’ve slept on the couches and in tent camps among some of the most respected Craft Brewers of our time .
A nicer bunch of people must be hard to find .
This brewing community is wholesome and family oriented .
I am blessed to be called friend by so many of these talented folks .
I am always delighted to hear of what the men and women in brewing are doing and how community is drawn together around this fermented malt …. and hops .
It is that delight that has inspired me to publish these podcasts .
I hope that some of the excitement of these events comes thru in the ‘ Brewcasts ’ . ”
“ Hops & Barley Blog is dedicated to sharing good beer , pubs and fesitvals with fans of the hops & barley brew ! ”
The Oregon Brewers Guild is a non-profit organization with the primary goal of promoting the common interests of the members and the brewing industry in Oregon .
Below you will find several sections which help define these goals .
“ Even with 72 beers , a few will rise to the top with the designation of Buzz Beers .
These are beers that everyone is talking about , beers that everyone wants to try , and beers that run out first .
I asked Noel Blake , brewer of four Collaborator recipes and the guy who helped create Ommegang Three Philosophers , what he thought this year ’s Buzz Beers might be .
True to form , this former writer of the OBF program has a spot - on assessment of Buzz … ”
“ Portlandbeer.org was created by two brothers to keep track of all of the wonderful beer that Portland has to offer .
After telling a few friends ( who told a few friends ( who told a few friends ) ) , here we are , serving the Portland beer community .
We want our site to be a great resource for residents of Portland as well as visitors to our great city . ”
“ Taplister of Portland , OR was founded … with the singular goal of creating a community resource that helps you find what craft beers are on tap in Portland , Oregon .
Beer Fans can visit http://www.Taplister.com and search to see where their favorite beers are on tap . ”
Bonus beer blogs
Beer Northwest : Not Oregon - based , but an awesome resource for all beers of the Northwest .
Beer News offers “ 10 good beer blogs Oregon Style ” : A little bit of crossover but some awesome blogs I did n’t mention here .
Enjoy the Oregon Brewers
Fest this weekend .
And make sure to follow @oregonbrewfest on Twitter .
[ HTML1 ]
Like this : Like Loading ...
BEIJING 
At least 1,000 rioters clashed with the police on Sunday in a regional capital in western China after days of rising tensions between Muslim Uighurs and Han Chinese , according to witnesses and photographs of the riot .
The rioting broke out Sunday afternoon in a large market area of Urumqi , the capital of the vast , restive desert region of Xinjiang , and lasted for several hours before riot police officers and paramilitary or military troops locked down the Uighur quarter of the city .
The rioters threw stones at the police and set vehicles on fire , sending plumes of smoke into the sky , while police officers used fire hoses and batons to beat back rioters and detain Uighurs who appeared to be leading the protest , witnesses said .
At least 3 Han Chinese and one police officer were killed in the rioting and 20 were injured , according to Xinhua , the official news agency .
Dozens of Uighur men were led into police stations with their hands behind their backs and shirts pulled over their heads , one witness said .
Early Monday , the local government announced a curfew banning all traffic in the city until 8 p.m .
The riot was the largest ethnic clash in China since the Tibetan uprising of March 2008 , and perhaps the biggest protest in Xinjiang in years .
Like the Tibetan unrest , it highlighted the deep - seated frustrations felt by some ethnic minorities in western China over the policies of the Communist Party .
From WikiFur , the furry encyclopedia .
This article does not cite its references or sources .
You can help WikiFur by references .
For specifics , check the and talk page .
Consult the Furry Book of Style for editing help .
The history of the furry fandom is the collective history of science fiction , cartooning , animation , tabletop gaming , role - playing , costuming , and countless other fan communities .
Anthropomorphic , or human - like , characters have existed since the earliest examples of human artwork .
However , dedicated fans to this genre , in the context of modern fandom , have only come into being in the last forty years .
Fans of funny animal characters , such as those seen in Disney animation and comics or underground comics such as Fritz the Cat , formed the first organized groups in the mid-1970s as artist - centric Amateur Press Associations .
Concurrently with the independent comic book boom of the early 1980s , numerous titles featuring anthropomorphic characters rose to prominence , including Albedo Anthropomorphics , Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , and Usagi Yojimbo .
As a result of the popularity of these works , fans outside of the preexisting funny animal artist groups organized the first general fan parties in the mid-1980s .
Based around the shared appreciation of animal characters , the gatherings initially took place at room parties at science fiction conventions , but notably consisted of fans of comics , media such as Star Trek , or even literature such as Watership Down .
The diverse population of attendees at these early general parties was the first to dub themselves furry fans .
Early anthropomorphic literature and art [ edit ]
The Löwenmensch figurine , discovered in Hohlenstein - Stadel , Germany .
Currently , the oldest known piece of anthropomorphic art in the world , carbon - dated to be approximately 35 - 40,000 years old .
Anthropomorphism ( from the Greek ánthrōpos , lit. " human " , and morphē , lit . " form " or " shape " ) is the attribution of human characteristics to non-human entities , such as objects or animals , and can be found in the earliest examples of human art .
The Löwenmensch figurine dates as early as the Upper Paleolithic period , or around 35,000 years ago , and is the oldest known work of figurative art .
Early examples of human artwork often feature zoomorphic , or animal - shaped , figures , such as the numerous reliefs at Göbekli Tepe ( c.9000-7000 BCE ) in Turkey , or the Guennol Lioness ( c.3000-2800 BCE ) in Iraq .
Numerous Egyptian gods such as Anubis , Bastet , and Horus stood out amongst their contemporaries , sporting animal heads on human bodies .
The concept of bestowing something non-human with human qualities has its roots in psychology .
Metaphors are often used to help better understand unknown forces in the world by comparing them to something familiar .
To help communicate these ideas with other people , humans use storytelling as a device to help remember and highlight the significance of something .
In Aesop 's Fables , animals are used to represent certain characteristics that are either desired or should be avoided .
It 's in this way that animals , both in art and in prose , were used to spread information , morals , and beliefs .
Giving animals certain qualities ( foxes being sly , dogs being loyal , etc. ) is still a common example of anthropomorphism at work today .
As such , fables and folk tales have historically featured talking animals more often than any other genre .
Sumerian literature is not only the oldest known body of written works but also includes the first known examples of anthropomorphic characters , such as a debate between a bird and a fish .
The Tale of Two Brothers ( c. 1200 BCE ) is an excellent example of transformation , with the god Bata turning into a bull .
Hesiod 's Works and Days ( c. 700 BCE ) features a fable known as The Hawk and the Nightingale , and is an early example of a parable .
The story was expanded upon in Aesop 's Fables ( c. 550 BCE ) .
19th century literature and art [ edit ]
With the Industrial Revolution came the advent of popular fiction and mass - market readership , made possible by the steam - driven process of making paper from wood pulp .
Dime novels came to define and dominate the market , as well as periodical publications in newspapers and magazines .
These cheap , easily obtained reading materials not only made stories widely available to the general public , but also increased the demand for more fantastic series .
Fantasy , science fiction , detective fiction , and children 's literature were all genres that rose to prominence during this time , and examples of anthropomorphic characters can be found throughout .
Notable examples include Lewis Carroll ’s fantasy novel Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland in 1865 , Beatrix Potter ’s illustrated children ’s books in 1890 , Rudyard Kipling ’s collection of talking animal stories The Jungle Book in 1894 , H. G. Wells ’ 1896 science fiction novel The Island of Dr. Moreau , and James Swinnerton ’s Mr. Jack in 1896 , the first appearance of anthropomorphic animals in comic strips .
Of particular significance is a series of children ’s books by Palmer Cox begun in 1890 called " Funny Animals , " which is the earliest discovered use of the term in relation to anthropomorphic animals .
20th century transformations [ edit ]
The novels of Felix Salten published between 1926 and 1945 which established the precedents of what would later be called furry fiction .
With the advent of animation and comic books in the first half of the 20th century , anthropomorphic animals became a popular phenomenon with fans of all ages .
Their popularity peaked during World War 2 , certain characters becoming icons of Americana [ 1 ]
And in 1945 George Orwell ’s Animal Farm became the first anthropomorphic animal novel universally recognized as a work specifically for adults .
In the post - war years , cartoons and literature focused most of their animal - related efforts on children ’s entertainment , inspiring many to believe that cartoons and animal stories were strictly for young audiences .
[ 2 ]
While the children who grew up with funny animals in some cases maintained the interest in anthropomorphic animals into adulthood and conceived of using such characters in works for older age groups .
A notable example being C. S. Lewis , who attributed his fascination with anthropomorphic animals to the influence of Beatrix Potter . [ 3 ]
Somewhat more relaxed attitudes towards art and experimentation in the 1960s and early 1970s saw the use of controversial concepts in fantasy animal stories become more common , attracting increased interest from older fans .
Significant milestones included Kimba The White Lion , The Planet Of The Apes , Fritz The Cat and Watership Down .
These expanded uses of anthropomorphic animals could not be contained by the existing Funny Animal Fandom , creating a need for a more encompassing fandom that would eventually be called Furry .
The Air Pirates collective published in August 1971 , looking for a fight , was quickly sued by Disney on October 21 , 1971 for copyright and trademark infringement .
The suit would not be settled until 1980 .
Robert Crumb 's dissatisfaction with the film adaptation of Fritz the Cat led to him subsequently killing off the character in 1972 .
After this , there was a lack of ' funny animal ' characters outside of the mainstream houses such as Disney .
Minneapolis artists Ken Fletcher and Reed Waller , hoping to fill a void surrounded by comic book superheroes , decided to found an Amateur Press Association , or APA , called Vootie on February 29 , 1976 .
The intention was to gather talented artists in the Twin- Cities area and explore the potential of using funny animals in adult situations .
In the Los Angeles area , Mark Merlino and Fred Patten , both fans of Japanese animation , created the Cartoon / Fantasy Organization in 1977 as a club for fellow enthusiasts .
Steve Gallacci , an Air Force technical artist , began drafting art that would become his later work , Albedo , that same year .
He would present his work on August 29 , 1980 at the art show at NorEasCon II World Science Fiction Convention in Boston .
A group of fans formed around his work , dubbed the " Gallacci group " , and would meet at Worldcons and Westercons in the subsequent years to discuss all things anthropomorphic .
Birth of Rowrbrazzle [ edit ]
Main article : 1980s
By the early 1980s , Vootie 's membership contributions had become increasingly sporadic , and editorial laxness was just as apparent .
Timothy Fay would attempt to keep the group alive by creating his own APA , Revolutionary Vootie , in 1983 with the help of Marc Schirmeister .
Although they received some submissions , they could not generate enough interest .
Vootie 's cessation that year led to Schirmeister founding another APA , Rowrbrazzle , soon afterward .
This transition between Vootie and Rowrbrazzle is considered by Patten , a fandom historian , to be a crucial evolutionary point between funny animal fandom and furry fandom .
The independent comic book explosion , animation , and literature [ edit ]
Thanks to Phil Seuling 's creation of a direct market comic book retailer , where the store would buy directly from a publisher and bypass the distributor , the risk of making a profit for small , independent publishers went down significantly .
This allowed artists to publish more experimental material and still be able to compete with larger companies like Marvel and DC .
In a similar vein , the underground comics artists of the late - 1960s and early - 1970s , such as those in Vootie , had grown tired of drawing material that was once cutting edge , but had since become routine and overused .
They would also hop on the indie publisher bandwagon , allowing artists to explore more personal material .
One of those artists was Reed Waller , creator of Omaha The Cat Dancer , whose work would be a favorite among ' funny animal ' fans for its depiction of a romantic relationship with a stripper .
The fantasy novel market soon began producing titles such as Alan Dean Foster ’s Spellsinger series , Brian Jacques ’ Redwall , and Tad Williams ’ Tailchaser 's Song .
The independent comics market produced titles as varied as Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , Albedo , Usagi Yojimbo , Cutey Bunny , Critters and Omaha The Cat Dancer .
The early 1980s also saw the release of several all ages films that introduced many to the idea of anthropomorphic characters , including The Secret of NIMH , The Flight Of Dragons , The Last Unicorn , The Plague Dogs and Animalympics .
Early modern furry fandom [ edit ]
Furry parties [ edit ]
Judy Niver , one of the founders of the C/ FO , hosted a party in her room at the San Diego Comic Convention in 1985 .
The Rowrbrazzle APA group was also having a party in the same hotel , and there was much overlap in attendance .
As a result , it became a tradition to have at least one furry party during the convention .
In more recent years , the Comic Con party has been called CritterConDiego and Califur Diego .
That same year at Westercon Science Fiction Convention in Sacramento , California , Mark Merlino and Rod O'Riley hosted a room party in Sheldon Linker and Toni Poper 's room .
Since many room parties at science fiction and fantasy cons had a theme , the party was called The Prancing Skiltaire party , after the name of Merlino 's house .
Animalympics was screened , along with Warner Bros. short cartoons and collections of furry artwork and short stories were left on display for browsing .
Visitors to the party were intrigued by the ' funny animal ' art , and some revealed having sketchbooks and collections of their own art .
The following year at the 1986 Westercon in San Diego , CA , the successor party was the first to be openly called a " furry party " .
After the success of these events , Merlino and O'Riley began hosting similar events at conventions all over California .
In the mid-1980s , a unified group of fans interested in animal characters in comics and stories was forming around other organized fan activities .
Such as Room parties at science fiction conventions , meetings of the C/FO , and APA collating parties ( for funny animal and cartooning APAs , such as Vootie and Rowrbrazzle ) .
Fans with Internet access kept in contact with each other on computer BBSs ( Bulletin Board Systems ) like the Tiger 's Den , StormGate Aerie , and Kyim 's Scratching Post .
APAs and fanzine " wars " became popular , with mail - in art and comic contributions collated and distributed to all members .
ConFurence and early furry conventions [ edit ]
By 1988 , the furry parties had grown notably in size , much to the chagrin of the science fiction conventions they were typically hosted at .
Merlino and O'Riley , hopeful that their nascent fandom would continue to grow , decided to expand on the furry party concept and host a prototype convention for furry fans .
ConFurence Zero was hosted in Costa Mesa , California , on January 21 - 22 , 1989 , and had a total of 65 attendees .
Lasting until April 2003 , it continued to be the premier international gathering place of furry fans until 1999 , when it tied for attendance with the up and coming Anthrocon held in Valley Forge , Pennsylvania .
In the Eastern United States , furry fans were gathering at the New York chapter of the C/ FO , founded by Ken Sample .
Ray Rooney and Major Matt Mason had hosted furry parties in their suite at Philcon , a science fiction convention in Philadelphia , for several years .
Philcon eventually hosted the first major furry art show and dealer 's room .
Trish Ny , an attendee at Philcon , felt that there was enough anti-furry prejudice to warrant organizing their own convention , Furtasticon , which he chaired .
It was to be a prototype East Coast furry convention that would turn intoConFurence East , which had no relation to ConFurence , in October 1995 .
At the 54th World Science Fiction Convention in 1996 , held in Anaheim , California , the Furry Fandom Lounge was organized by the ConFurence committee as a five - day furry programming track .
The general Worldcon program schedule publicized the furry parties , panels , and exhibits , which included a glass - encased " History of Furry Fandom " display by David Bliss .
In July 1997 , Albany AnthroCon was first held in Albany , New York , later becoming Anthrocon , one of the largest furry conventions in the United States .
Online furry fandom [ edit ]
Main article : 1990s
Virtual environments , such as MUCKs , soon became the most popular places on the net for furry fans to meet and communicate .
One of the oldest and largest MUCKs in existence is FurryMUCK .
One of the newest virtual environments to attract furry fans is Second Life .
Other on - line chat environments in the early 1990s included GEnie , CompuServe , Prodigy and Delphi .
The first usenet newsgroups began to appear in the early 1990s .
alt .
fan.furry was created in late 1990 , and eventually spawned a number of additional newsgroups , such as alt.lifestyle.furry which was created in 1996 .
Furrynet , an unofficial Usenet hierarchy of fur . * newsgroups , was created in the late 1990s .
In 2000 , there was an unsuccessful attempt to create rec.arts. furry , which would have brought furry fandom into the primary Usenet hierarchy .
By 1992 , furry fans could participate in online social role - playing environments for free , if they had access to the Internet .
MUCKs , Mushes and MOOs were created by furry fans for furry fans and hosted at educational and commercial sites .
With the dawn of the World Wide Web , furry fans found their Mecca , with personal web sites , art and writing archives and forums providing a way for furry fans to communicate and share their interests internationally .
Yerf and YiffCo and VCL and other art archives soon dominated the art scene .
In the late 1990s , David J. Rust ( aka Sylvan ) , attempted to document the internal social dynamics and trends within Furry fandom .
While originally intended to be a fan film documentary , the research he conducted from 1996 - 1997 was eventually collated into The Sociology of Furry Fandom , a Subculture Study , the first academic study of furry sociology .
ConFurence 8 and the sex controversy [ edit ]
A schism that had been developing in the fandom for some years reached a boiling point in the aftermath of ConFurence 8 , which quickly became notorious for a variety of sexualized incidents .
Previous years had seen several similar incidents ; complaints about poor public behavior were repeatedly brought to the convention 's staff to be addressed .
As a rule , however , these complaints were ignored , with the result that the offended parties began airing their grievances in such forums as alt .
fan.furry .
Backlash appeared from various other parties who , alternately , mocked the complaints or defended the persons who had engaged in the offensive behavior .
Oftentimes , accusations of religious intolerance and puritanism were leveled at the complainers .
This led to the creation of the Burned Furs and , in response to that , the Freezing Furs , the ongoing flamewar centering around the increasing tendency to place fetishes on public display to the fandom 's purported detriment in the press .
For the most part , Burned Fur proclaimed that they did n't care what people did in the privacy of their own bedrooms and that it should stay there , while those most vocally opposed to the group either defended open sexuality as a social cause , or claimed that Burned Fur was itself attracting bad press by complaining in the first place .
To date , however , the only records in the press referencing the group actually originate with complaints by its opposition during their own interviews with reporters .
In the middle of this conflict was a small group known as Furry Peace who openly declared tolerance for all parties but otherwise sought to stay out of the furor .
The schism climaxed when ConFurence 10 saw a change in ownership .
The new chairman , Darrel Exline , was a Burned Fur , and although the convention remained open to all ratings of material , there was a mass boycott by fans who believed that they would be persecuted if they attended .
The convention also changed its date and venue , contributing to a much smaller turnout than normal .
ConFurence continued on for several outings , but never recovered its earlier membership levels and ultimately closed its doors .
Meanwhile , numerous other furry conventions had been springing up already , several in direct response to the mismanagement of ConFurence prior to CF10 .
Almost universally , these adopted specific and stringent public - behavior policies , leading to a sharp drop in incidents of public sexualization at furry conventions .
This , in turn , slowly turned around the fandom 's press image by making these incidents into " old news " .
Poor press continued on the fringe from time to time , as with MTV's " Sex2 K " special , as well as certain TV episodes of " CSI " and " St. Elsewhere " , but the mainstream image of furries slowly began to be replaced with news coverage of furry conventions where the most interesting thing to film were happy - go - lucky fursuit parades .
This , in turn , effectively defused the schism by eliminating the primary source of the fandom 's mainstream image problem .
In 1999 , at the North American Science Fiction Convention in Anaheim , California , the Furry Fandom Lounge reflected on 15 years of fandom .
That year also saw the launch of Further Confusion in the Bay Area of San Francisco , CA , which eventually become the second largest furry convention in the world .
The 2000s [ edit ]
Main article : 2000s
Furry conventions have exploded in the 2000s , with over 30 cons starting up , so far .
In comparison , the 1990s saw 13 cons , all but two of them after 1995 . [ 4 ]
In 2003 , Dr. Samuel Conway ( also known as Uncle Kage of Anthrocon ) was a guest of honor at the I - CON science fiction and fantasy convention in Stony Brook , New York .
His renowned story hour has since become a fixture of the convention through recent years .
In 2006 , at the North American Science Fiction Convention in SeaTac , Washington , the Stalking Cat was one of the notable program participants .
At the 2006 Westercon in San Diego , a 20th - anniversary furry party was held .
At the 2006 World Science Fiction Convention in Anaheim , California , the Furry Fandom Lounge returned under the organization of Rod O'Riley of the Califur group .
The programming track included a furry artist reception and panels ranging from fursuiting basics to the new world of furry webcomics .
Small press publishers [ edit ]
Main article : History of anthropomorphic characters in small press publications
References [ edit ]
1 .
2 .
Components.classes["@mozilla.org/browser/nav-history-service;1" ].getService( Components.interfaces.nsPIPlacesDatabase).DBConnection.executeSimpleSQL( " VACUUM " ) ;
3 .
there is a new experimental Firefox addon
Open the Error Console : Tools menu / Error ConsoleIn the Code text box paste this ( it ’s a single line ) : Press Evaluate .
All the UI will freeze for a few seconds while databases are VACUUMed .
Also , which makes this process more comfortable by providing the means to run the database optimization with a single click .
The will optimize the SQLite databases of the active Firefox profile whenever its button in the Firefox status bar is pressed .
Queen , Eric Clapton , Pink Floyd y otros artistas estaban en el índice de música considerada no apta para la radiodifusión ; no sólo canciones con contenido político eran vetadas , también temas románticos o melódicos
El Gobierno argentino divulgó por primera vez una lista de canciones que fueron prohibidas durante la última dictadura militar ( 1976 - 1983 ) , en la que figuran temas de Eric Clapton , Pink Floyd , Queen y Alberto Cortez , entre otros .
" Nunca nadie se había ocupado del tema de manera institucional .
Para nosotros tiene una relevancia cultural , política y social .
Busca abrir archivos que hasta ahora habían sido vedados " , sostuvo el titular del Comité Federal de Radiodifusión ( Comfer ) , Gabriel Mariotto , en declaraciones publicadas hoy por el diario Crítica .
La nómina , que está disponible en la página de Internet del Comfer , está compuesta por unas 150 canciones cuyas letras se consideraban " no aptas para ser difundidas por los servicios de radiodifusión " .
Entre los temas prohibidos se encuentran varios de los artistas argentinos León Gieco , Charly García , Luis Alberto Spinetta , Cacho Castaña , Horacio Guarany y Ramón " Palito " Ortega , quien en la década pasada fue gobernador de la provincia de Tucumán ( norte ) .
También aparecen numerosas melodías escritas por músicos procedentes de otros países , como " Cocaine " , del británico Eric Clapton ; " The wall " , de la legendaria banda Pink Floyd ; " Tiéndete , haz el amor " , de Queen ; " Te recuerdo Amanda " , del chileno Víctor Jara ; " Desayuno " , del brasileño Roberto Carlos , y " Pequeño Superman " , del español José Luis Perales .
El único tema cuya letra aparece detallada en su estribillo es " Wake up " , de Jankel , según se desprende del listado de hojas con el membrete de Presidencia de la Nación .
Algunas canciones también eran calificadas como " no aptas en horario de protección al menor " , como el caso de " Su primer desengaño " , del popular cantante argentino Sandro , o " Amor a plena luz " , del español Camilo Sesto .
Las canciones que fueron censuradas no sólo tenían un contenido de perfil político , sino que también figuraban temas melódicos , románticos , algunos de los más conocidos del rock local y hasta aquellos que apelan al " lunfardo " , el argot de Buenos Aires .
Durante la dictadura argentina , que también aplicó la censura en otros ámbitos de la cultura , desaparecieron 18 mil personas , según cifras oficiales , aunque los organismos de derechos humanos elevan esa cifra a 30 mil. isv
Eating Challenge
Can you go a week without eating corn ?
We did !
Corny Corn Maze
Master the maze to get an earful of corn fun and facts .
So You Want to Be a Farmer ?
See how corn farming has changed and try your hand at the cornulator .
Alternatives to Ears
Find ways around high - fructose corn syrup and fatty burgers .
Can you go a week without eating corn ?
We did !
Master the maze to get an earful of corn fun and facts .
See how corn farming has changed and try your hand at the cornulator .
Find ways around high - fructose corn syrup and fatty burgers .
How Sweet It Is : The Rise of High - Fructose Corn Syrup
On bottles of ketchup or jars of tomato sauce , on boxes of cereal or cans of fruit juice , high - fructose corn syrup — or HFCS — makes a regular appearance in the modern American diet .
But while HFCS has become a staple ingredient of packaged and processed foods , this was n’t always the case .
Before the late 1960s , the enzyme that makes HFCS production possible had n’t even been discovered yet , and before 1970 , Americans had never tasted the sweet stuff .
Since then , high - fructose corn syrup has become the most valuable food product — among a vast array of oils , starches , glutens , proteins and other sweeteners made from corn .
Processed in a plant called a wet mill , HFCS is made from another common corn derivative : corn starch .
Through a series of enzymatic transformations that break down the starch into sugars , HFCS production ultimately results in a sweetener that tastes just like table sugar .
Part glucose and part fructose , it has the exact number of calories , per gram , as the sugar derived from cane or beets .
And like the granulated sugar Americans stir into their coffee or sprinkle on their grapefruit , HFCS provides those calories without offering much in the way of nutrition : no minerals , no vitamins , no fats or proteins and no fiber .
While Americans have been eating sugar in one form or another for centuries , the influx of high - fructose corn syrup into everyday foods — even those not normally associated with sweetness — has helped boost overall sweetener intake by 19 percent since 1970 .
As a result , Americans now eat about 523 more calories each day .
And about 76 of those extra daily calories come from sugars and sweeteners like HFCS .
At last count in 2003 , the U.S. Department of Agriculture estimated that Americans eat 79 pounds of corn sweetener per year — a four - fold increase from 1970 .
The problem ?
With more sweeteners available in the food system , and with more high - calorie , sweetened convenience foods than ever before , Americans are becoming overweight .
The largest nation of sweetener consumers on the planet , the U.S. faces what the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention call “ a growing obesity epidemic . ”
What ’s more , nutritional studies performed at the Harvard School of Public Health and published in the Journal of the American Medical Association conclude that individuals who drink more than one sugar - or corn- sweetened beverage per day substantially increase their risk of gaining weight and developing diabetes .
While it ’s certainly not the only factor , the abundance , convenience , affordability and omnipresence of HFCS in the American diet contributes mightily to increased calorie consumption .
By extension , it ratchets up the risk of the diet - related illnesses associated with weight gain .
High - fructose corn syrup may be as sweet as sugar , but like sugar , its taste comes at a price .
Updated 4/14/08
Find ways around high - fructose corn syrup and fatty burgers >>
Can you go a week without eating corn ?
We did !
Read our diaries and take the corn challenge >>
Find out what foods fuel America 's meat supply >>
By Rory Cellan- Jones
Technology correspondent , BBC News
Work by Sir Joshua Reynolds was among those uploaded to Wikipedia
The battle over Wikipedia 's use of images from a British art gallery 's website has intensified .
The online encyclopaedia has accused the National Portrait Gallery ( NPG ) of betraying its public service mission .
But the gallery has said it needs to recoup the £ 1 m cost of its digitisation programme and claims Wikipedia has misrepresented its position .
The NPG is threatening legal action after 3,300 images from its website were uploaded to Wikipedia .
The high - resolution images were uploaded by Wikipedia volunteer Derrick Coetzee .
Now Erik Moeller , the deputy director of the Wikimedia Foundation which runs the online encyclopaedia , has laid out the organisation 's stance in a blog post .
' Empire building '
He said most observers would think the two sides should be " allies not adversaries " and that museums and other cultural institutions should not pursue extra revenue at the expense of limiting public access to their material .
" It is hard to see a plausible argument that excluding public domain content from a free , non-profit encyclopaedia serves any public interest whatsoever , " he wrote .
He points out that two German photographic archives donated 350,000 copyrighted images for use on Wikipedia , and other institutions in the United States and the UK have seen benefits in making material available for use .
Another Wikipedia volunteer David Gerard has blogged about the row , claiming that the National Portrait Gallery makes only £ 10 - 15,000 a year from web licensing , less than it makes " selling food in the cafe " .
They honestly think the paintings belong to them rather than to us
David Gerard
Wikipedia volunteer
But the gallery insists that its case has been misrepresented , and has now released a statement denying many of the charges made by Wikipedia .
It denies claims that it has been " locking up and limiting access to educational materials " , saying that it has been a pioneer in making its material available .
It has worked for the last five years toward the target of getting half of its collection online by 2009 .
" We will be able to achieve this , " said the gallery 's statement , " as a result of self - generated income . "
The gallery says that while it only makes a limited revenue from web licensing , it earns far more from the reproduction of its images in books and magazines - £ 339,000 in the last year .
But it says the present situation jeopardises its ability to fund its digitisation process from its own resources .
Legal issues
The gallery has claimed that Derrick Coetzee 's actions have breached English copyright laws , which protect copies of original works even when they themselves are out of copyright .
The National Portrait Gallery now says it only sent a legal letter to Derrick Coetzee after the Wikimedia Foundation failed to respond to requests to discuss the issue .
But it says contact has now been made and remains hopeful that a dialogue will be possible .
A spokeswoman also said that the two German archives mentioned in Erik Moeller 's blog had in fact supplied medium resolution images to Wikipedia , and insisted that the National Portrait Gallery had been willing to offer similar material to Wikipedia .
The gallery said the row could prevent it putting more of its collection online
The gallery also explained how Derrick Coetzee was able to obtain the high resolution files from its site .
They were made available to visitors using a " Zoomify " feature , which works by allowing several high resolution files to be seen all together .
It claims Mr Coetzee used special software to " de- scramble " the high - resolution tiles , allowing the whole portrait to be seen in high resolution .
The British Association of Picture Libraries and Agencies has backed the National Portrait Gallery 's stance .
" If owners of out of copyright material are not going to have the derivative works they have created protected , which will result in anyone being able to use then for free , they will cease to invest in the digitisation of works , and everyone will be the poorer , " it wrote in an email to its members .
But the Wikipedia volunteer David Gerard accuses the gallery of bureaucratic empire building .
" They honestly think the paintings belong to them rather than to us , " he wrote .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Banks Fall Short on Mortgage Help Govt. report says 15 percent of eligible borrowers have gotten help .
August 4 , 2009  --
The Treasury Department today released the first report on the performance of loan servicers in the Obama administration 's home mortgage modification program -- and the numbers were n't pretty .
Only 15 percent of eligible homeowners have been offered assistance under the Home Affordable Modification Program thus far , according to the report , and some loan servicers have yet to modify a single loan .
" There are some institutions that have done an infinitesimally small amount , " Assistant Treasury Secretary for Financial Institutions Michael Barr told reporters on a conference call this morning .
" We are going to be requiring ramped - up effort across the board , " he noted .
" We 're going to pay more specific attention to ensuring that institutions that have been slow out of the blocks ramp up more quickly and more effectively . "
Among the companies that have not modified any loans were American Home Mortgage Servicing and National City Bank .
Bank of America had a 4 percent assistance rate for trial modifications , with Wells Fargo marginally better at 6 percent .
" We 're disappointed in the performance of some of the servicers , " Barr said .
" We think they could have ramped up better , faster , more consistently and done a better job of serving borrowers and bringing stabilization to the broader mortgage markets and economy and we expect them to do more . "
Wells Fargo defended its loan modification results in an interview with ABCNews.com today .
" I think what 's important to keep in mind is the HAMP program is a very good program but , relative to the first seven months of 2009 , it 's just a piece of the overall story , " said Mike Heid , co-president of Wells Fargo Home Mortgage .
Heid said that , from January to July , the bank modified a total of 240,000 loans .
More than 20,000 were modified through HAMP while the rest of the modifications took place through separate Wells Fargo programs .
Bank of America also touted its own loan modification programs , saying that it modified 150,000 home mortgages in the first half of the year .
American Home Mortgage said in a written statement that it had joined HAMP late last month and will begin loan modifications under the program soon .
The company said it had completed 64,000 loan modifications through its own programs between July of 2008 and this June .
At least two loan servicers and their parent banks , meanwhile , are drawing fire for not participating in the government 's program at all : Litton Loan Servicing , which is owned by Goldman Sachs , and Barclays ' HomEq Servicing Corp .
" No program can work unless people actually sign on and do it , " said Gloria Swieringa of ACORN , a non-profit low - income advocacy group .
" It 's like leading a horse to water and not letting him drink . "
ACORN has labeled mortgage servicers that do n't participate in the program as " homewreckers , " but both Litton and HomEq could escape the designation soon .
A HomEq spokesman told ABCNews.com that the company has signed an agremeent to participate in HAMP and expects " confirmation of our HAMP servicer status momentarily . "
Litton said in a statement today that it hopes to " formalize its participation in the Treasury program soon . "
Litton said it has offered more than 35,000 trial modifications using terms " consistent with the Treasury program " since it was announced .
Litton modified another 44,000 loans , the company said , in the 12 months before the start of the program .
Under the government 's program , some servicers helped as many as one in five qualified borrowers with a trial loan , according to today 's report .
JPMorgan Chase had a 20 percent trial loan modification rate , as did GMAC Mortgage Inc. Saxon Mortgage Services came in at 25 percent and Aurora Loan Services 21 percent .
CitiMortgage Inc. has begun modifications for 15 percent of its eligible borrowers .
" There are many servicers that are performing at quite high levels and our expectation is that other servicers will come up to that high level , " Barr said .
Loan Modifications : Banks Have a Long Way to Go
Upon unveiling the plan in February , the administration said that the $ 50 billion program was intended to help 3 to 4 million borrowers .
They 've got a long way to go :
As of now , 235,000 loan modifications have begun .
Officials said today that they want to reach 500,000 borrowers by Nov. 1 .
" It 's increasing by 30,000 or more a week , " White House economic advisor Lawrence Summers said on NBC's " Meet the Press " Sunday .
" We expect it to be half a million by Nov. 1 and we 're going to be holding the banks accountable for performance under that program . "
Barr said today that , so far , the pace of modifications is too slow .
" We are more than on track to reach 3 to 4 million borrowers over the next three years , " he said , " but , in our estimate , that is not fast enough and it 's not good enough .
We can do better .
We want banks to reach borrowers more quickly and we are significantly increasing our efforts to reach borrowers as fast as humanly possible . "
Queens , N.Y. , homeowner Jean - Andre Sassine said he was surprised to see JPMorgan Chase 's relatively high loan modification totals .
JPMorgan Chase has offered loan modifications to 30 percent of program - eligible homeowners who are more than 60 days delinquent on their mortgage bills and begun modifications for 20 percent of homeowners , according to the government 's report
" That sounds great on paper , " Sassine said .
" Yet , I 'm having such a hard time reaching someone . "
A Chase customer , Sassine said he has made countless phone calls to the bank , asking for a loan modification after losing his job last year .
Thus far , he 's had no luck .
Either his calls are n't returned or they get lost in a maze of transfers to various departments , Sassine said .
A JPMorgan Chase spokesman said he did n't have information on Sassine 's case specifically , but acknowledged that the bank still has work to do on its loan - modification system .
" We 've done a lot of modifications for borrowers and we know there 's unprecedented levels of volume in the industry and there are some people we may not be doing as quickly as they would like or as we would like , " spokesman Tom Kelly said .
" But we 've been adding staff , we 've been adding technology , we 've been adding space for staff aggressively for the last six months , so we continue to get better at it . "
Are Banks Really Trying ?
Other banks , too , say they 've continued to devote more resources to mortgage modifications but such claims are met with skepticism by advocates like Ira Rheingold , the executive director of the National Association of Consumer Advocates .
Rheingold said mortgage servicers wo n't make real strides in foreclosure prevention until they have stronger incentives motivating them .
Right now , under HAMP , servicers receive $ 1,000 from the government for every borrower that makes payments for three straight months .
For three years of regular payments , servicers receive up to $ 4,500 .
In addition , Freddie Mac is conducting random audits to find out whether borrowers are being improperly rejected for loan modifications .
Rheingold and others argue that struggling homeowners should have the option of having their loans modified by a bankruptcy judge -- an idea often referred to as a " cramdown . "
The threat of having bankruptcy judges order loan modifications , he said , should be enough to motivate mortgage servicers to pursue more modifications on their own , early on .
" It 's an incentive to get the mortgage industry off their collective rear ends and really get moving here because suddenly [ homeowners ] will get some leverage , " Rheingold said .
For now , future reports on loan modifications will help make clear if the government 's existing efforts to improve the program are working .
" The proof 's going to be in the pudding , " Barr said .
Bus " failure " quote [ edit ]
A man who , beyond the age of 26 , finds himself on a bus can count himself as a failure .
This is almost certainly apocryphal .
It has been attributed to Thatcher on numerous occasions , but : *** http://www.snopes.com/politics/quotes/thatcher.asp
1 ) There is no definitive source for the quote
2 ) There is some disagreement on the exact phrasing , and even on the age given ( some sources say 30 rather than 26 )
3 ) The quote has been attributed to people other than Thatcher
Basically , I do n't buy it .
If Thatcher had actually uttered this howler in a public speech , the Labour Party and the likes of the Daily Mirror would have absolutely decimated her .
There 's absolutely no way something so spectacularly snobbish and offensive would ever have passed without comment .
217.155.20.163 19:41 , 24 September 2006 ( UTC )
Further to the above , here 's a Guardian article questioning the veracity of the above quote .
217.155.20.163 20:16 , 24 September 2006 ( UTC )
The Economist on 30 September this year remarked that " Margaret Thatcher is reputed to have said [ it ] in 1986 " .
However , Mrs Thatcher is unusual in that all her public utterances have been transcribed and put on CD - Rom and I am fairly sure it is not on there .
It is always possible that she said it at a private meeting ( say , for example , meeting Conservative MPs worried about the policy of bus privatisation ) .
Sometimes the age is set at 30 , not 26 .
However , the fact that many people attribute this to her means it should not be removed from the article .
Even Brian Souter , the Stagecoach boss , attributed it to her in 1998 ( Times reference available on request ) .
Keep it in the ' attributed ' section with a note that it is apocryphal and unverified , and may be made up .
Fys . “ Ta fys aym ” .
13:40 , 19 October 2006 ( UTC )
Further to that , a letter to the Daily Telegraph draws attention to the likely source .
Have explained on the page .
Fys . “ Ta fys aym ” .
11:19 , 2 November 2006 ( UTC )
The letter to the Daily Telegraph disputing the attribution to Mrs Thatcher is attributed to Alistair Cooke and dated November 2006 but he died in 2004 .
Is this an error or is it a different Alistair Cooke ?
Dudley Miles 14 March 2007 .
There is an historian with the same name , so maybe it is him .-- Johnbull 00:00 , 15 March 2007 ( UTC )
The Alistair Cooke who wrote to the Daily Telegraph sometimes signed himself " Alistair B. Cooke " to make the distinction - he was at the Conservative Research Department for many years and is the party 's official historian , IIRC .
He is no relation of the American epistolarian .
Fys . “ Ta fys aym ” .
00:06 , 15 March 2007 ( UTC )
Or look for the source : Commons debates , 2003 - 07 - 02 , col 407 .
Everything said in the two Houses in Parliament is recorded .
The problem with socialism [ edit ]
A quote attributed to Margaret Thatcher goes along the lines of
" The problem with socialism is that eventually you run out of other people 's money [ to spend ] . "
or
" Eventually , Socialists run out of other peoples ' money [ to spend ] . "
There are a number of similar almost - quotes to be found on the Web , but I have n't found any authoritative sources .
She may , in fact , have made the statement in various forms at different times .
QuicksilverT @ 15:44 , 9 December 2008 ( UTC )
Update : Margaret Thatcher , in a TV interview for Thames TV This Week [ [ 1 ] ] on Feb.
5 , 1976 , Prime Minister
Thatcher said , " ... and Socialist governments traditionally do make a financial mess .
They [ socialists ] always run out of other people 's money .
It 's quite a characteristic of them . "
The quote was also said , multiple times in parliament during question time .
TMLutas ( talk ) 16:31 , 6 November 2017 ( UTC )
Unsourced [ edit ]
These require citations to adequate sources before being placed into the main article .
Wikiquote no longer allows unsourced quotations , and they are in process of being removed from our pages ( see Wikiquote : Limits on quotations ) ; but if you can provide a reliable and precise source for any quote on this list please move it to Margaret Thatcher .
-- Antiquary 18:13 , 21 February 2009 ( UTC )
Every Prime Minister needs a Willie .
Referring to her Deputy Prime Minister William Whitelaw , and quoted in The Economist .
If my critics saw me walking over the Thames they would say it was because I could n't swim .
If you want something said , ask a man .
If you want something done , ask a woman .
It 's a funny old world .
Opening remarks to the Cabinet on 22 November 1990 , announcing her decision to withdraw from the Conservative leadership contest .
Look at a day when you are supremely satisfied at the end .
It 's not a day when you lounge around doing nothing ; it 's when you 've had everything to do , and you 've done it .
Of course it 's the same old story .
Truth usually is the same old story .
Of course , people tell me that I should n't gloat .
Well , I am gloating .
On her victory over the Miner 's strike .
One only gets to the top rung of the ladder by steadily climbing up one at a time , and suddenly all sorts of powers , all sorts of abilities which you thought never belonged to you — suddenly become within your own possibility and you think , " Well , I 'll have a go , too . "
Source : http://www.margaretthatcher.org/document/106517
Speech receiving International Women ’s Forum Award - November 15 , 1986 .
People think that at the top there is n't much room .
They tend to think of it as an Everest .
My message is that there is tons of room at the top .
Standing in the middle of the road is very dangerous ; you get knocked down by the traffic from both sides .
To me , consensus seems to be the process of abandoning all beliefs , principles , values and policies .
So it is something in which no one believes and to which no one objects .
If you just set out to be liked , you would be prepared to compromise on anything at any time , and you would achieve nothing .
To wear your heart on your sleeve is n't a very good plan ; you should wear it inside , where it functions best .
We were told our campaign was n't sufficiently slick .
We regard that as a compliment .
When you 've spent half your political life dealing with humdrum issues like the environment , it 's exciting to have a real crisis on your hands .
( On the Falklands conflict . )
You do n't tell deliberate lies , but sometimes you have to be evasive .
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it .
I think Essex Man will vote for a Conservative Government .
( April 1982 ) [ 2 ]
<— DEAD LINK with no clear citation to early sourcing — and I can find no reliable attribution of this anywhere at this point — Kalki 2016·10·11
Quotes about Thatcher ( unsourced ) [ edit ]
The Prime Minister , shortly after she came into office , received the sobriquet as the " Iron Lady " .
It arose in the context of remarks which she made about defence against the Soviet Union and its allies ; but there was no reason to suppose that the right hon .
Lady did not welcome and , indeed , take pride in that description .
In the next week or two in this House , the nation and the right hon .
Lady herself will learn of what metal she is made .
Enoch Powell to Mrs. Thatcher after the Falkland Islands had been invaded by Argentina ( 3 April , 1982 ) .
Pétain in petticoats .
Denis Healey .
A pity she did not understand them !
Enoch Powell on Mrs Thatcher 's adoption of monetarist economic policies .
Do n’t think of her as a politician .
Think of her as a one - woman revolution – a hurricane in human form .
Andrew Marr Andrew Marr's History of Modern Britain episode 4 : revolution
I love it when she became Lady Thatcher because it made her sound like a feminine pubic hair removal device .
Jo Brand
- This Jo Brand one is from an episode of QI .
Ca n't remember exactly which one though .
- Burwellian ( talk ) 18:34 , 8 May 2017 ( UTC )
Beaten the Germans twice at their national game in the 20th century ?
[ edit ]
What about the 1990 quote attributed to Mrs.
Thatcher , who upon being told that Germany had defeated England at football , or soccer , ( which they did , of course ) had allegedly replied , " They may have beat us at our national game , but we beat them twice at their national game in the 20th century .?
-- Matthead 22:03 , 16 July 2009 ( UTC )
This quote originally appeared , in slightly different form , in an English newspaper on the morning of the 1966 World Cup Final .
In this report it is attributed to Vincent Mulchrone of the Daily Mail .
The remark is repeated whenever there is a football match between England and Germany .
It is doubtful Margaret Thatcher ever said it in public .
The second verse of the Pink Floyd song Pigs is not about Margaret Thatcher , as some have suggested , but Mary Whitehouse , the TV campaigner .
A simple reading of the lyrics would reveal as much , as the verse starts " Hey you , Whitehouse ! "
The foregoing comment by 94.169.174.225 ( dif ) has been moved here from the Quotes about Thatcher section of the article .
~ Ningauble 12:58 , 23 July 2010 ( UTC )
The third verse is about Whitehouse , the second verse is about Thatcher .
Feminism did nothing [ edit ]
I found claims about Thatcher making a statement regarding feminism from an article by Rachael Marsden :
It says :
" Thatcher herself acknowledged that feminism did nothing for her "
This is clearly paraphrasing if it is based on something Thatcher actually said .
I 'm not sure about this though , if it is true or not .
I have not been able to locate her saying something like ' Feminism did nothing for me ' and I am not sure where to begin looking for it .
If she said something like this , I think it would be relevant to include it on the page .
If she did not , should we perhaps include a list of attributed quotes ( paraphrased or not ) which are not confirmed ?
Etym ( talk ) 08:21 , 10 December 2012 ( UTC )
There is an article in the Spectator where Paul Johnson on 12 March 2011 says :
She said to me : ‘ The feminists hate me , do n’t they ?
And I do n’t blame them .
For I hate feminism .
It is poison . ’
Here is the link : [ 3 ]
— This unsigned comment is by 86.150.178.135 ( talk • contribs ) .
Thanks , I added it here .
Cheers , DanielTom ( talk ) 15:04 , 10 April 2013 ( UTC )
Thatcher quote misattributed to Edward Gibbon [ edit ]
I have seen a quote frequently attributed to Edward Gibbon about freedom and Athens .
I mentioned it in more detail on his Talk page : http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Talk:Edward_Gibbon
I 'm wondering if it 's worth posting the quote here , instead .
It came from a lecture Thatcher gave at Hillsdale College in 1994 , an edited version of which was published in Hillsdale 's Imprimus magazine : http://imprimis.hillsdale.edu/file/archives/pdf/1995_03_Imprimis.pdf
Not sure if it counts as something worth putting on her page , since it 's really just a paraphrase of Gibbon .
But it might be nice to have up there to set the record straight .
-- 19:45 , 27 December 2013 ( UTC )
The " Athens " quote is misattributed to Gibbon , and Thatcher was wrong if she attributed it to him .
It 's actually a paraphrasing of something written by classicist and educator Edith Hamilton .
A nice discussion of the matter is HERE .
I agree that the quotation can be attributed to Thatcher , as long as it includes the information that she was misattributing the sense of it to Gibbon when it was really from Hamilton .
- Embram ( talk ) 12:35 , 14 February 2014 ( UTC )
Gratuitous slanders about Thatcher and Reagan – appropriate here ? [ edit ]
Is there any limitation on the kinds and sources of " Quotes about Thatcher " that are appropriate for the main page ?
If there is no limitation , there is also no limit to the amount of hate - filled invective in the " quotations about " section for any well - known controversial person that could end up in Wikiquote .
See , for example , the quotation ( added this month ) comparing Thatcher and Reagan with Adolf Hitler , supposedly from the liner notes of a rock album .
Furthermore , the source for this quotation is listed as the liner notes of a rock album published in 2007 , but the rock album mentioned is Black Snake Diamond Role , which was actually released in May 1981 .
- Embram ( talk ) 06:08 , 21 June 2015 ( UTC )
There are limitations expressed at Wikiquote : Quotability .
Yes , public figures are subject to gratuitous invective all the time .
Most of it is too banal to be considered quoteworthy .
Comparisons with Hitler are ubiquitous : there is nothing remotely original , witty , pithy , wise , eloquent , or poignant about it .
Unremarkable remarks like this have no place in a compendium of notable quotations .
( This is not about defending Thatcher from her detractors , of whom I am one , it is about defending Wikiquote from banality . )
~ Ningauble ( talk ) 14:21 , 21 June 2015 ( UTC )
So is it the consensus they may be removed ?
- Embram ( talk ) 20:29 , 13 July 2015 ( UTC )
Being powerful [ edit ]
There is a quote floating all over the internet that is attributed to Ms.
Thatcher that goes : " Being powerful is like being a lady .
If you have to tell someone you are then you 're not . "
I like the quote , but I have yet to find a reliable source for it , so I figured I 'd ask here .
Is there any indication that Thatcher said this ?
If not does anyone know the actual origin ?
Thanks
Secretary of State for the " Environment " ? [ edit ]
Margaret Thatcher was never Secretary of State for the Environment ; that was Peter Walker .
She was Secretary of State for Education and named " Maggie Thatcher Milksnatcher , " in left - wing circles for removing free milk from poor school children .
98.10.165.90 00:31 , 3 April 2019 ( UTC )
Thus far , Mr Obama 's response has been judged rather unsatisfactory : the approach he has taken is the one that worked so well for him during the presidential campaign .
He makes yet another eloquent speech that is long on general principle and short on concrete detail .
He gives another prime - time press conference – he has held four of these in the six months he has been in the White House , which is as many as George W Bush held in eight years – in which his answers are emotionally engaging , articulate and vague .
He visits Blue Dog states such as Ohio and holds town hall meetings with crowds of adoring supporters , who cheer his moving appeals to the social need for expanded health care provision – but who fail to exact from him any specifics about how exactly this is going to work .
( Or even about what he himself would find acceptable in the Bill that he is allowing Congress to construct . )
A blood test can now be used to detect brain damage in amateur boxers .
Deterioration of nerve cells seems to occur even after a two - month break from boxing .
This is shown in a new study from the Sahlgrenska Academy .
The results of the study conducted by researchers at the Sahlgrenska Academy and the Erciyes University Medical School in Turkey are published in the current issue of the scientific journal Brain Injury .
The findings constitute further evidence that repeated blows to the head may damage the brain .
' The blows seem to lead to a deterioration of nerve cells that lasts for a relatively long time .
It is important that this is made known to participants in sports that involve kicks and blows to the head and to parents who let their children participate ' , says Henrik Zetterberg , Reader at the Department of Psychiatry and Neurochemistry at the Sahlgrenska Academy .
The study included 44 Turkish amateur boxers , whose blood samples were collected in the beginning of a training camp after a two - month break from boxing .
The results were compared to those found in a healthy control group .
The researchers analysed several proteins that can be used to identify brain damage , and found that the levels of one protein , called NSE , were higher among the boxers than in the control group .
' Their levels were high even after two months off from boxing .
This indicates that the harmful processes in the brain continue even if the boxers have not recently experienced head trauma ' , says Zetterberg .
The same team of researchers has previously been able to show that amateur boxing leads to increased levels of brain damage markers in spinal fluid .
' A blood test is much easier to take , and it would be interesting to test athletes repeatedly following matches and while they recover from knockouts to see how the levels of NSE change over time .
These types of biomarkers could be useful in sports medicine to help decide when an athlete should abstain from training and competition .
But the method must first be evaluated further ' , says Zetterberg .
Down the Rabbit Hole
Warning :
This blog is very graphic .
After almost twenty years working to reform the humane movement , to bring it back to its original mission of saving lives , I have experienced many unexpected and heartbreaking moments of animals being betrayed by their so - called protectors .
But last week was especially brutal , when not only the Humane Society of the United States , but other national groups released statements supporting the reinstatement of Michael Vick , the most notorious animal abuser of our time , into the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Wayne Pacelle of HSUS defended Vick ’s right to get his life back together and play in the NFL again .
Ed Sayres , the President of the ASPCA , praised the Commissioner of the NFL for reinstating Vick :
… [ T ]he Commissioner has been particularly thoughtful and has weighed every factor in his deliberations .
The ASPCA can only offer him our gratitude for the gravity to which he has lent the issue of animal cruelty , as well as the provisions that the Commissioner has set forth to ensure that Mr. Vick has a positive impact on the NFL and his community .
Opportunities for redemption are rare — but that is exactly the opportunity that awaits Mr. Vick …
Other national groups , while withholding judgment on Vick ’s repentance , nonetheless failed to condemn the NFL in their own statements .
One of those groups writes :
Any person who is released from prison is allowed to seek and hold employment .
The National Football League today decided to give Mr. Vick a chance to return to work as a professional football player .
He says he understands the mistakes he made in the past , and we can only hope that he is sincere and able to take steps to turn his life around .
For me , the facts speak for themselves :
The Investigator in charge of the Michael Vick case writes that Vick “ thought it was funny to watch the dogs … injure or kill the other dogs . ”
He also writes that Vick and his associates killed dogs in many ways :
By hanging : “ by placing a nylon cord over a 2 x 4 that was nailed to two trees located next to the big shed . ”
By drowning : “ by putting the dogs ’ heads in a 5 gallon bucket of water . ”
By blunt force trauma : “ by slamming [ dogs ] to the ground several times … breaking the dog ’s back or neck . ”
By shooting : “ by shooting the animal with a .22 caliber handgun . ”
By electrocution .
According to one of the people Vick paid “ to live on the property , take care of the dogs , and arrange dog fights , ” “ He admitted killing numerous dogs after ‘ testing ’ and after fights by shooting and electrocuting the dogs and then burying them on the… property . ”
This sterile , though brutal , rendition of the facts does not nearly tell the story of what the dogs went through .
According to Bad Rap , one of the groups who rescued the victims of Vick ’s brutality :
I just ca n’t get myself away from the swimming pool in Vick ’s yard .
I first learned about it while riding in the back seat of a federal agent ’s car that sweltering Tuesday back in Sept 07 .
The agent was assigned with escorting us to the various Virginia shelters so we could evaluate “ the evidence ” otherwise known as 49 pit bulls – now known as cherished family pets : Hector , Uba , Jhumpa , Georgia , Sweet Jasmine and the rest .
I ’m not sure if sharing insider information with us was kosher , but you know how driving down long country roads can get you talking .
I imagine she just needed to get some things off her chest .
She said she was having trouble sleeping since the day they exhumed the bodies on the Moonlight Road property .
She said that when she watched the investigators uncover the shallow graves , she was compelled to want to climb in and pick up the decomposing dogs and comfort and cradle them .
She knew that was crazy talk , and she was grappling with trying to understand such a surprising impulse .
Her candor set the tone for this entire saga .
Everyone we worked with was deeply affected by the case .
The details that got to me then and stay with me today involve the swimming pool that was used to kill some of the dogs .
Jumper cables were clipped onto the ears of underperforming dogs , then , just like with a car , the cables were connected to the terminals of car batteries before lifting and tossing the shamed dogs into the water .
Most of Vick ’s dogs were small – 40 lbs or so – so tossing them in would ’ve been fast and easy work for thick athlete arms .
We do n’t know how many suffered this premeditated murder , but the damage to the pool walls tells a story .
It seems that while they were scrambling to escape , they scratched and clawed at the pool liner and bit at the dented aluminum sides like a hungry dog on a tin can .
I wear some pretty thick skin during our work with dogs , but I ca n’t shake my minds - eye image of a little black dog splashing frantically in bloody water … screaming in pain and terror … brown eyes saucer wide and tiny black white - toed feet clawing at anything , desperate to get a hold .
This death did not come quickly .
The rescuer in me keeps trying to think of a way to go back in time and somehow stop this torture and pull the little dog to safety .
I think I ’ll be looking for ways to pull that dog out for the rest of my life .
The government investigator continues : According to one of Vick ’s associates , “ After the testing , he observed a person driving an all terrain vehicle ( ATV ) with dead dogs stacked in the bed of the ATV .
He did not see anyone kill the dogs .
However , he heard noises when the dogs were being killed . ”
Investigators found decomposing dogs buried on the property , they found pieces of plywood flooring covered in dog blood , spent bullet casings , clothing with blood stains , syringes , and burned carpet .
The cause of death was determined to be “ hanging , drowning , and being slammed to death . ”
Even when some of the abusers wanted to give dogs who would not fight away rather than kill them , “ Vick stated ‘ they got to go , ’ meaning they needed to be killed . ”
“ One dog that did not die from hanging was taken down and drowned in a 5 gallon bucket of water . ”
In another case , “ Vick took down one of the dogs that would not die from hanging and tossed the dog to the side .
He later hung the same dog until it died .
He wore overalls , which were hung in the garage , when he killed the dogs , so he would not soil his clothes . ”
At first Vick denied killing any dogs .
But “ Vick was administered a polygraph examination by the FBI .
Vick failed the examination as it related to the killing of the dogs …
Ultimately , Vick recanted his previous statement wherein he said he was not actually involved in the killing …
Vick admitted taking part in the actual hanging of the dogs . ”
Their brutality was not limited to dogs : “ They used live chickens and rabbits as bait when training dogs … ”
There are many , many words that come to mind to adequately describe Vick ’s reinstatement by the NFL — intolerable , obscene , outrageous , and shameful .
But as for the words chosen by the large , national organizations — redemption , a positive impact , mistakes , sincere , thoughtful , gratitude , hope , right — I can only shake my head in disgust .
For further reading :
Read the No Kill Advocacy Center ’s letter to the NFL by clicking here .
Read “ In Bed with Monsters ” by clicking here .
Read “ And the Monster Went Free ” by clicking here .
My friend Peter Seibel ’s new book Coders at Work ( published by Apress ) went to press today .
I ’ve been reading a preview copy he sent me , and it ’s fantastic .
The book follows the style of the earlier Apress book Founders at Work , presenting interviews with notable programmers , asking them how they work , about their careers , their thoughts on the software profession , and whatever other topics come up along the way .
The book works in part because Peter is himself an accomplished developer ( his previous book , Practical Common Lisp , won a Jolt Award ) , making the conversations lively and topical .
Beyond that , though , he chose as subjects ( with help from a Digg - like voting system he wrote while planning the book ) , and was able to get interviews with , an incredibly interesting set of people who work on quite a wide range of software projects .
Some , like Jamie Zawinski , contribute what are essentially battlefield memoirs ( in Jamie ’s case , from the early development of Netscape ) ; others , such as Joshua Bloch ( Chief Java Architect at Google ) , are more contemplations on the art and science of programming .
Many questions come up repeatedly — how people got started in programming , how they fix difficult bugs , what working style they like with others , whether they ’ve read Knuth ( himself an interviewee ) — and the breadth of the answers to these core questions is fun to see .
You ’re left feeling that you ’ve spent several hours with a wonderful group of mentors : some that you ’d rush to agree with , others that push you away from your habits and comfort .
One of the other core questions Peter asks is , what books would you recommend to help a developer learn programming ?
For me , this book joins my short list — it takes you away from the limitations of learning within a single company or community , and shows you the breadth of experiences that can make someone a great developer .
I ’m very happy for my friend that his book came out so well , and recommend it very highly for anyone who develops software .
The book is available for pre-order on Amazon .
Is it the end of the line for tuna ?
Bluefin tuna has been overfished for decades and could disappear from European waters , taking the EU ’s credibility on fisheries with it .
The European Union ’s Common Fisheries Policy ( CFP ) will be judged by what happens to bluefin tuna .
The CFP ’s credibility will be badly damaged if the silvery - grey fish disappears from the waters of the Atlantic and Mediterranean .
Scientists fear that bluefin tuna , having been overfished for decades , is at risk of disappearing for good .
“ Collapse could be a real possibility in the foreseeable future , ” said a report last year by scientists for the International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas , the international body that manages the fish .
The only thing protecting the fish in European waters is the EU ’s inspection and control regime , the teams of EU inspectors who check that fishing fleets are sticking to their quotas .
The missions are more active than ever before , but not everyone thinks that they are enough to stave off collapse .
During this year ’s three - month mission ( mid - April to mid-June ) officials carried out more than 600 inspections and found 96 infringements of the rules .
EU ships and planes patrolled the seas from the eastern Mediterranean as far west as the Azores .
Co-ordination
The mission was organised by the Community Fisheries Control Agency , an EU body created in 2005 to boost the EU ’s hitherto poor performance in enforcing its own fishing rules .
The CFCA does not have its own inspectors , but co-ordinates teams from different EU countries .
Seven countries are involved in the bluefin tuna mission : Cyprus , France , Greece , Italy , Malta , Portugal and Spain .
The CFCA will present its report in the autumn .
In a statement earlier this month , a spokesperson said that it was too early to reach final conclusions , but that “ implementation had been very successful in terms of co-operation between national services ” and that “ operations have been more effective than last year ” .
Inspections were more effective because of training of inspectors , the statement continued .
Although the industry “ did more … to comply with the rules ” , the “ number of apparent infringements discovered increased ” , which the CFCA attributes to more effective inspections rather than an increase in fishermen bending the rules .
Gilberto Ferrari , director of Federcoopesca , an association representing the Italian fishing industry , said that controls had been “ very hard ” this year .
He is worried that next year could bring an even tougher regime with an EU inspector on board every boat .
For Gemma Parkes , in the Rome office of the conservation organisation WWF , it is too early to judge how effective the EU mission has been .
But she said “ we know that the stocks are in dire straits and we know they are collapsing in real time as we speak ” .
Earlier this year , WWF warned that breeding stocks could be wiped out by 2012 if the current pace of fishing goes unchecked .
For conservationists , the time for quotas has passed ; nothing less than a full moratorium on fishing in the Mediterranean can save the stocks now .
Fact File
A last chance for recovery ?
The bluefin tuna has not yet reached ‘ panda bear ’ status , but it is getting that way .
Increasingly , governments are arguing that it should be put on international conservation lists .
In recent weeks , France , Germany , the Netherlands and the UK have all come out in favour of regulating bluefin tuna under the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species ( CITES ) .
This treaty is best known for protecting elephants and tigers , although thousands of plants and animals fall under its protection ( see box below ) .
Putting bluefin tuna on the CITES list would be an acknowledgement that fisheries management has failed .
Sigmar Gabriel , the German environment minister , described EU efforts to protect the tuna as “ half - hearted ” and “ unsuccessful ” and called for a ban in international trade – the strongest possible measure under CITES .
Consumers in northern Europe have an appetite for bluefin tuna , so their support is important .
But France ’s intervention is arguably the most significant .
President Nicolas Sarkozy called for a ban on trade in bluefin tuna – a step further than the official text of the French government policy paper , which contains a vague proposal that bluefin tuna should be on the CITES list in line with scientific advice .
The convention regulates trade in different ways , depending on how endangered species are .
But either way , Sarkozy ’s declaration was a striking about - turn .
Just one year earlier the French government complained vigorously when the European Commission decided to close a bluefin tuna fishery .
Michel Barnier , the then fisheries and agriculture minister , insisted there was no evidence that French fishermen had exceeded their quota .
As the appropriately named Jean Quatremer noted , in his blog for the French newspaper Libération , Sarkozy ’s call for a “ total rupture ” with EU fishing policy was in fact a “ rupture ” with his own policy .
Other tuna - fishing nations are taking note of the CITES plan but have not taken a position .
A spokeswoman for the Spanish government said that Madrid would study any proposal put forward to add bluefin tuna to the CITES list .
She said : “ It should be noted that the bluefin tuna is protected through the ICCAT [ International Committee for Conservation of Atlantic Tunas ] … and among the measures that the organisation has launched is the recovery plan for bluefin tuna taken in 2008 in Marrakesh . ”
The plan sets out rules on bluefin tuna fishing up to 2022 and has been transcribed into EU law .
Conservationists say that getting bluefin tuna on the CITES list could be “ the last chance ” for the species to recover .
But some fishing organisations are resolutely opposed , mainly because they do not accept the scientific consensus on bluefin tuna .
“ Putting the tuna inside the CITES will be very dangerous for the market , ” said Gilberto Ferrari , director - general of Italian fishing organisation Federcoopesca .
“ We are not sure that this is a species in danger .
We agree with the idea to protect species , but maybe the things we hear about tuna are not right , ” he said .
Supporters of the trade plan hope that bluefin tuna can be added to the endangered species list in March 2010 , when CITES members have their next meeting .
In the meantime , the fate of bluefin tuna could depend on whether the governments of big Mediterranean fishing countries – Italy and Spain – can withstand lobbying pressure from their fishing industries .
WHAT IS CITES ?
The Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora ( CITES ) , came into force in 1975 after 80 governments agreed to regulate the trade in wildlife for the good of conservation .
Today , 175 governments have signed the convention , including all EU member states .
Around 5,000 species of animal and 28,000 plants have the unhappy distinction of being on the CITES lists .
Species can be protected in two ways .
The most endangered species are protected by a near - total trade ban .
There are a few tightly - policed exceptions .
But other species can be imported or exported with the right permits , which is a way to help governments avoid their over - exploitation in the future .
The deadline for submitting proposals to include new species on the list is 14 October and these will be voted on at the next CITES conference in Doha , Qatar , on 13 - 25 March 2010 .
Putting bluefin tuna on the CITES list would be an acknowledgement that fisheries management has failed
Authors :
UPDATE : KTUU - TV in Anchorage reports that Palin not only wo n't seek re-election , but will resign later this month .
ORIGINAL POST : Gov. Sarah Palin ( R ) has announced she will not run for re-election in 2010 , CNN reports .
She 's scheduled to make an announcement shortly .
The decision frees Palin to travel in the Lower 48 as she considers a potential run for president in 2012 .
A re-election campaign could also have been tough on the former vice presidential nominee ; her approval rating has dropped from stratospheric highs , and a number of candidates in both parties are said to be considering runs .
Even if she won , the race would have been dominated by the specter of a presidential bid , giving her adversaries an opportunity to wound her politically .
She 's still fending off ethics complaints , many spurred by the " Troopergate " scandal .
APA & the Missing Ethics Investigation re : Torture
The American Psychological Association and the Missing Ethics Investigation :
How APA Suppressed an Ethics Complaint and Appointed the Accused to Formulate Ethics Policy on Torture
by Stephen Soldz
In an important development in the American Psychological Association saga , Jeffrey Kaye has reported that psychologist Michael Gelles , a member of the association 's 2005 PENS [ Psychological Ethics and National Security ] task force , was himself accused of ethics violations during the interrogation of Navy Petty Officer Daniel King .
This occurred well before Gelles ’ appointment to the PENS Task Force .
Kaye bases his account of Gelles ' involvement largely on the statements to the Senate Intelligence Committee [ SIC ] of King 's three attorneys , highly respected George Washington University Constitutional law professor Jonathan Turley and Navy Jags Robert Bailey and Matthew Freedus .
[ See the Federation of American Scientists page on the case for these and other documents . ]
The attorneys ’ accounts are , in turn , based on an actual videotape of Gelles ' interrogation of King .
According to the statement given to SIC , in late September 1999 King was accused of spying after an ambiguous result on his routine polygraph test .
As a result , King was interrogated by the Navy Criminal Investigative Service [ NCIS ] , for whom Gelles worked , for 17 to 19 hours at a time for 30 days straight .
As Turley relates :
" King was given at least five polygraphs in a single day during his interrogations by the NCIS .
He was not only lied to about his results but lied to about the meaning of these results .
NCIS agents told King that these results indicate that something did happen .
In this sense , the polygraph examinations were used in combination with the NCIS insistence that King write down his fantasies .
NCIS agents convinced King that these results indicated that his fantasies were simply suppressed memories . "
The King interrogation reportedly was rife with abuse .
King allegedly was illegally denied an attorney when he requested one .
Agents repeatedly lied to him about the results and the meaning of ambiguous or incorrectly administered polygraph tests .
He was repeatedly threatened with further abuse if he did not cooperate ..
He was encouraged to report his fantasies , after which agents told him that these fantasies meant they must have a basis in fact .
During his extended interrogation , accompanied by sleep deprivation , King made a confession , only to recant it the next day and thereafter .
After at least 520 days of detention , he was released , and the case was dropped without charges .
The case was later the subject of hearings before the Senate Intelligence Committee .
Turley describes Gelles ' interview with King :
" At times , King is shouting " I do n't know what I 'm supposed to give you " over and over at the agents as they press him for a signed confession .
Moreover , it is noteworthy that King seeks the assistance of a psychologist for hypnosis on the videotaped interview with NCIS psychologist Dr. Michael Gelles .
After his return to the United States , King was clearly trying to find a way to distinguish fantasy from reality .
He told Gelles that he had no memory of the espionage facts but says that the polygraph examinations prove that he must have done something - a clear misconception that neither Gelles nor the agents correct .
King asked for hypnosis and truth serum to determine if this is merely a dream .
Gelles told him that he might give King hypnosis if King goes back and gives the agents " corroborating " evidence .
Gelles told King that he could trust the agents and says that the agents are clearly his friends , he had a " special relationship " with the agents and the agents " will be with you forever . "
Gelles virtually ignored the statement of King that he had suicidal thoughts when he left Guam - two days before the interview .
Instead , Gelles told King to give corroborating evidence as a precondition for the hypnosis that King sought to clear his doubts as to any espionage .
These tapes show a sailor who is struggling with his total inability to remember any act of espionage while clearly accepting the false representation that , if a polygraph examination shows deception , he must have committed such an act .
It is difficult to watch and listen to these tapes because they show a total disregard by the NCIS for any effort at determining the truth of these allegations as opposed to making a case at any costs . "
Understandably appalled the attorneys determined to take action against Gelles .
Turley says ,
" Dr. Gelles has already been notified of our intention to file formal charges against him with the American Psychological Association .
Dr. Gelles has refused to give licensing information to the defense or to respond to allegations of violation of basic canons of professional conduct as a licensed psychologist .
Dr. Gelles is on the videotape telling an individual with stated suicidal thoughts to return to interrogation and that the agents are not only his close friends but that they would stand with him " forever . "
Dr. Gelles specifically tells King that , if he offers `corroborating ' evidence to the NCIS , he might be able to give King the hypnosis that he seeks [ to help determine what is real and what is not real ] . "
American Psychological Association
According to Kaye , Turley confirmed to him that he , indeed , filed an ethics complaint with the APA regarding Gelles ' behavior in this case , but the complaint was never investigated :
" In a private communication , Mr. Turley subsequently indicated the ethics charges were filed , and dismissed without any investigation by APA . "
[ Emphasis added . ]
The Ethics Director of the APA at the time was Dr. Stephen Behnke , who assumed the position in 2000 .
This is important because , in 2005 , Dr. Behnke was involved in the process of appointing the members of the PENS task force to examine the ethics of psychologist participation in national security interrogations of detainees .
At the time the task force was convened , and even after the Task Force report was published , the membership of the PENS task force remained secret .
The report was unsigned ( apparently the only case of an unsigned Presidential Task Force report in APA history , requests for the names of Task force members from the membership and the press were denied .
In fact , soon after the report was published , Gelles and Behnke shared a panel on Ethics and National Security at the APA Convention .
Gelles reported back to the other task force members on the listserv of the PENS task force , that “ I was once again impressed with how Dr. Behnke eloquently represented our work and insured the confidentiality of the panel , despite pressure to reveal the identities of the task force members … ”
It was later revealed that six of the 10 members were from the military - intelligence establishment .
It is hard to understand any way in which Dr. Behnke could not have been aware of the ethics complaint filed with his office against Gelles in a high - profile case .
Not surprisingly , this stacked task force concluded that psychologist participation in national security interrogations at Guantanamo , in Iraq and Afghanistan , and at CIA black sites was ethical .
In fact , they claimed :
" [ P ] sychologists are in a unique position to assist in ensuring that these [ interrogation ] processes are safe and ethical for all participants . "
The case of Gelles ' involvement in the King interrogation , of course , makes this assertion quite dubious .
Gelles ’ involvement in the King interrogation clearly did not " assist in ensuring that " this interrogation was " safe and ethical for all participants . "
Furthermore , as Turley reports , Gelles ignored suicidal statements made by King , thus failing during his interview in his obligation to ensure that the process was " safe . "
From the record of the King case , it appears that Gelles may have violated several other of the recommendations of the PENS task force .
Among the recommendation that may have been violated were :
PENS : " Psychologists are alert to acts of torture and other cruel , inhuman , or degrading treatment and have an ethical responsibility to report these acts to the appropriate authorities . "
The detention and interrogation of King would likely meet the legal threshold of " cruel , inhuman , or degrading treatment . "
He was subjected to sleep deprivation for a month and isolated from all social supports .
According to the Senate testimony of King 's attorney , JAG Robert Bailey , NCIS agents threatened to harm King 's family on at least two different occasions .
While it is possible Gelles reported these abuses , there is no indication in the public record that he did so .
PENS : " Psychologists are aware of and clarify their role in situations where the nature of their professional identity and professional function may be ambiguous . "
PENS : " Psychologists are sensitive to the problems inherent in mixing potentially inconsistent roles such as health care provider and consultant to an interrogation , and refrain from engaging in such multiple relationships . "
PENS : " Psychologists make clear the limits of confidentiality . "
In his videotaped interview with King , Gelles reportedly told King that he was a " doc " and not an agent while failing to tell him that he was part of the investigative team and that the interview was part of the interrogation .
He thus confused his health provider [ " doc " ] and investigative roles .
He di not , apparently , clarify " the limits of confidentiality . "
It is important to stress that these comments on Gelles ' behavior are provisional and are based solely upon accounts of his interview with King provided by King 's attorneys .
There may be other aspects of the case that would change the overall evaluation of Gelles ' behavior .
But such exculpatory information is not available in the absence of an investigation .
What is most important is that the APA Ethics Committee , faced with a complaint of very serious ethical lapses from a highly reputable attorney , failed to open the case or investigate these claims .
It thus appears that they never even viewed the videotape containing the Gelles interview of King or sought information from King or his complainant attorneys .
This case is not the only ethics complaint filed against a member of the PENS task force .
Another Task Force member faced charges for possible involvement in abuses at Guantánamo in 2003 .
Here , too , the APA Ethics Committee declined to open a case , even though the same APA Ethics Director , Stephen Behnke , publicly admitted that the acts alleged are unethical .
In yet a third case , an ethics complaint against a Guantanamo military psychologist was opened but remains open three years later .
Government documents show this psychologist participating in the planning and execution of the torture of Guantanamo detainees al Qahtani .
A fourth psychologist , Col. Morgan Banks , has acknowledged training Guantánamo interrogators in abusive interrogation techniques .
Ethics charges could not be brought against Banks because he was not an APA member at the time of the abuse .
Nor was he an APA member when Behnke appointed him to the PENS Task Force , though he has joined the APA since .
Evidently ethics complaints against psychologists affiliated with the military [ Gelles was a civilian NCIS employee at the time of the King interrogation ] have an exceedingly high threshold before the APA will even open a case , much less investigate .
Equally important to the failure of the APA to investigate the complaint against Gelles was that Behnke allowed Gelles to be appointed to the PENS task force on the ethics of interrogations , in spite of the fact that an ethics complaint had been filed against him for interrogation abuse .
Ordinary prudence would caution against such a step , at least without full transparency and explanation .
The lack of such prudence , however , is not surprising on a task force on detainee abuse which is already known to contain four members from chains of command accused of detainee abuse .
Interestingly , as Kaye notes in his article , Gelles himself made reference to the King case on the listserv of the PENS task force in a manner that suggests that even he assumed members of the task force were well aware of his involvement in the matter :
" As Chuck Ewing has said on many an occasion … the Agency is entitled to consultation just as an individual … .
In the Squillicoate [ sic ] case referenced in the article , and to some extent my experience with the King case , a new demand to re-think how the profession was going to hold psychologists in practice accountable in contexts outside of the clinical and academic arena ’s was becoming more evident . "
[ Emphasis added by Kaye . ]
As reported in the PENS task force report , members of the task force were aware that the APA the ethics code included the Nuremberg Defense [ " just following orders " ] in its ethics standard 1.02 , added in 2002 .
" If psychologists ' ethical responsibilities conflict with law , regulations , or other governing legal authority , psychologists make known their commitment to the Ethics Code and take steps to resolve the conflict .
If the conflict is unresolvable via such means , psychologists may adhere to the requirements of the law , regulations , or other governing legal authority . "
According to this standard , Gelles ' actions , however otherwise in violation of the ethics code , would be " ethical " if carried out in response to an order or " other governing legal authority . "
As I write this I cannot help but wonder if the Gelles - King case was on the minds of the Ethics Committee as they pondered adopting 1.02 .
Given the APA 's pattern of failing to adequately investigate ethics complaints against military - affiliated psychologists , it is not surprising that they have maintained the Nuremberg Defense despite the APA Council requesting a revision twice over the last four years .
The APA is apparently about to adopt another six - month delay in revising this standard despite the obvious unethical behavior it may have facilitated and the serious consequences it has had for the whole profession of psychology
The failure of APA to investigate the Gelles case , and his subsequent appointment to the PENS task force will reinforce recent calls by psychologists and human rights advocates in an Open Letter for , among other actions , annulling the PENS report ; bringing in independent attorneys to pursue accountability of psychologists accused of torture or detainee abuse ; revision of ethics standard 1.02 and other problematic sections of the ethics code ; and for an independent investigation of ties and possible collusion between the APA and the military - intelligence establishment .
APA has a very long way to go if it is to regain the trust of its members and of the public .
Concerned APA members at this juncture must decide how long they will wait to see these changes implemented by the APA leadership before they leave the association for a less compromised alternative .
*************
Stephen Soldz is psychoanalyst , psychologist , public health researcher , and faculty member at the Boston Graduate School of Psychoanalysis .
He is co-founder of the Coalition for an Ethical Psychology and a steering committee member of Psychologists for Social Responsibility .
He maintains the Psyche , Science , and Society blog .
© Scoop Media
A Miami man who achieved fame as a teenager for hacking NASA and the Pentagon took his own life last year after Secret Service agents accused him of being part of the conspiracy responsible for the largest identity theft in U.S. history , his family says .
Jonathan James , 24 , was found dead of a self - inflicted gunshot wound in his home on May 18 , 2008 , less than two weeks after agents raided his house in connection with a hacking ring that penetrated TJX , DSW and OfficeMax , among others .
In a five page suicide note , James wrote that he was innocent , but was certain federal officials would make him a scapegoat .
" I have no faith in the ' justice ' system , " he wrote . " Perhaps my actions today , and this letter , will send a stronger message to the public .
Either way , I have lost control over this situation , and this is my only way to regain control . "
The note was provided to Wired.com this week by James ' father , Robert , who kept the details of his son's death quiet for over a year because of the ongoing prosecutions over the retail hacks .
James apparently suffered from depression ; agents executing the search warrant found another suicide note James had written years earlier , but did not seize his gun .
The Secret Service declined to comment on the matter Wednesday , citing the continuing TJX prosecutions .
" Sometimes I thought he was pretty smart , " says his father .
" Sometimes I thought , oh my God , I 've raised an idiot .
And the jury is still out . "
James gained notoriety in 2000 , when , just 16 , he became the first juvenile sentenced federally to a term of confinement for computer hacking .
Operating under the handle C0mrade , James hacked into NASA and Defense Department computers for fun .
Among other trophies , he penetrated the Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville , Alabama , and downloaded the proprietary environmental control software for the International Space Station – the programming that controlled the temperature and humidity in the station 's living space .
James was sentenced to six months of house arrest – a sentence applauded by then - Attorney General Janet Reno – followed by probation .
" The government did n't take too many measures for security on most of their computers , " James told PBS 's Frontline at the time .
" They lack some serious computer security , and the hard part is learning it .
I know Unix and C like the back of my hand , because I studied all these books , and I was on the computer for so long .
But the hard part is n't getting in .
It 's learning to know what it is that you 're doing . "
Robert James , a programmer himself , admits he was a little proud of what his teenage son had managed to do .
But when Jonathan later tested positive for drugs , the boy 's probation became six months in a juvenile detention facility .
Afterwards , he stayed under the radar , until the Secret Service began closing in on the hackers behind intrusions at major U.S. retailers .
Hackers compromised tens of millions of consumer credit cards , and reportedly made a multimillionaire of the ringleader , 28 - year - old Albert Gonzalez , also of Miami .
The retail hack attacks could n't have been more different from the youthful , recreational hacking that James had once epitomized .
This was a sophisticated , profit - motivated scheme .
Gonzalez and at least 13 other men have been charged over the breaches at TJX , BJ ’s Wholesale Club , Boston Market , Barnes & Noble , Sports Authority , Forever 21 , DSW OfficeMax , and a Dave & Buster 's restaurant .
James was a friend of one of the defendants , Christopher Scott , who has since pleaded guilty and is set for sentencing in November .
The criminal complaints filed in U.S. District Court in Massachusetts describe an unindicted co-conspirator in the hacks who worked with Scott directly , identifying him only by the initials " J.J. " Robert James ' believes J.J. is his son .
In 2004 , the complaints say , Scott and J.J. parked outside an OfficeMax store in Miami , accessed the store 's Wi-Fi , and intercepted an unspecified number of credit and debit card magstripe swipes , including account numbers and encrypted PINs .
The two allegedly provided the data to Gonzalez , who arranged with another hacker to decrypt the PIN codes .
Credit card companies later reissued some 200,000 cards , apparently in response to the OfficeMax breach .
" J.J. " is not linked in the complaints to any of the other intrusions in the case , but he allegedly had a mail drop opened for Gonzalez .
In his suicide note , James seemed to think that his past fame would get him blamed for crimes he did n't commit .
" The feds of course would see me as a much more appealing target than Chris [ Scott ] – if they could tie me to this case I ’d be like [ Kevin ] Mitnick times 10 to them , " he wrote .
" Now , I honestly , honestly had nothing to do with TJX .
Unfortunately I do n't picture the feds caring all too much .
Read Agent Steal 's guide to getting busted .
The feds play dirty .
Chris called me the other day .
He was in jail and they let him out .
That can only mean that he too is trying to pin this on me .
So despite the fact that he and Albert [ Gonzalez ] are the most destructive , dangerous hackers the feds ever caught , they 'll let them off easy because I 'm a juicier target that would please the public more than two random fucks .
C’est la vie . "
" Remember , " he wrote , " it 's not whether you win or lose , it 's whether I win or lose , and sitting in jail for 20 , 10 , or even 5 years for a crime I did n’t commit is not me winning .
I die free . "
James ' father remembers his son as a passionate computer geek , who started playing with the family PC at the age of 6 , and switched his own computer from Windows to Linux in middle school .
Prior to the NASA raid in January 2000 , Robert James and his wife would frequently battle their son over his computer use , which would stretch late into the night .
At one point , the senior James took away his son's computer ; the boy , then 13 , promptly ran away from home , and phoned his mother to declare he would n't return unless he got his PC back .
His parents tracked him to the Borders Books down the street .
Robert James chuckles when he recalls the story .
" So , yeah , he kind of liked computers . "
When the publicity from his juvenile hacking conviction subsided , though , Jonathan James fell into an idleness that worried his father .
His mother died of breast cancer when he was 18 , leaving behind a trust that gave him the family house , which he shared with his brother .
Except for a brief trip to Israel , James lived in the home for the rest of his short life .
He never went to college , and , his father said , showed little interest in pursuing a career .
" He 's one of these people who would rather live without money than go to work , " said Robert James .
" He was good at it .
I was shocked at how good at it he was . "
If his son was involved in the Office Max hack , he adds , he was n't paid ; he showed no signs of having money .
James and his father had a cordial but distant relationship .
Shortly before the hacker 's death , though , he e-mailed his father to suggest they get together for dinner .
It was an unexpected and welcome invitation .
" I 'm thinking he 's going to tell me he 's going to get married or something . "
The next day , though , Jonathan James was raided .
" I called him up , and I said , ' Are they going to find anything incriminating that you 've been doing ? ' " recalls his father .
" He said , No . "
" I said , ' Well good , because you 're no longer a juvenile .
It 's going to be serious if you get caught doing something . '
It was actually the last conversation I had with him . "
Jonathan James ' note ( redacted .pdf ) included personal messages to his father , brother and girlfriend , a will , and the passwords to James ' PayPal and MySpace accounts .
" He had n't been arrested , he had n't been charged , he had n't been tried , he had n't been sentenced , " his father says .
" I just do n't know what the rush was . "
James ' sense of persecution appears to have been fueled by Albert Gonzalez 's past .
After the raid , he learned that Gonzalez had earlier been the Secret Service 's key informant in " Operation Firewall , " a massive sting operation in which the agency used Gonzalez to infiltrate the credit card fraud forum Shadowcrew .
" Albert had been working with the feds since 2003 , " James wrote .
" That means that for five years he had been having people like Chris hack credit cards for him , while he makes money selling them over the Internet and then at the same time has his buyers arrested to please the feds .
When this finally backfired on him , he gave them his Ace In the Hole – Chris , and got off with one count of wire fraud .
Talk about entrapment ! "
In retrospect , James ' understanding of the case appears tragically flawed .
At the time of James ' death , Gonzalez had indeed been charged with only one of the hacks – against Dave & Busters .
But prosecutors have since charged him with the others as well , despite the Secret Service 's past relationship with him .
If convicted , prosecutors say , Gonzalez faces a potential life sentence .
James is n't the only old - school hacker to resurface in connection with the growing wave of profit - oriented intrusions .
New Yorker Stephen Watt has pleaded guilty to providing Gonzalez with a custom packet sniffer program used to suck down credit and debit card numbers in transit .
Watt was notorious in the late 1990s and early 2000s as the hacker " Jim Jones " and " Unix Terrorist , " who targeted so - called white - hat hackers that had gone into legitimate computer security work .
Former 1990s white - hat hacker Max Butler , aka Max Vision , reemerged in 2005 as Iceman , the proprietor of a credit card fraud super - site called CardersMarket .
And Ehud " The Analyzer " Tenenbaum , an Israeli man famous for hacking the Pentagon a decade ago , is now charged with stealing millions from Canadian and U.S. banks in a hacking scheme that began in October 2007 .
In an eerie epilogue to James ' death , 10 days afterwards a family friend spotted two men messing with the hacker 's car ; one of them was underneath the vehicle , his legs sticking out .
The friend confronted them .
It was the Secret Service , Robert James says .
" They took back the tracking device . "
Image : Jonathan James in his bedroom in 2000 , after he was was caught breaking into NASA and other government computer systems .
James has a photo of astronaut Capt .
Mike Coats who signed " To Jonathan - Dare to Dream ! " .
( Photo : Jared Lazarus / Miami Herald )
See Also :
It was all going so well .
After an entire decade of sex , drugs and rock & roll , the public had grudgingly learned to accept the idea of free love and recreational pharmaceuticals .
But that was before the arrival of Charles Manson , now simply known to historians as " that asshole . "
After an extended round of group sex and drug use , Manson and his associates , now simply known to historians as " those assholes , " entered the home of director Roman Polanski and his pregnant wife , actress Sharon Tate .
One dead pregnant actress later , a whole generation 's decade - long struggle to smoke dope and fuck your friends hello went down the proverbial drain .
This single brutal act spelled the beginning of the end of the sexual revolution , made the legalization of drugs untenable , and set into motion historical forces that would eventually subject all humanity to eight years of Nancy Reagan .
On behalf of all humanity , thanks .
There ’s still gold in them thar hills .
A microscopic fleck of it glitters in white rock visible to explorers 600 feet beneath the grassy hummocks of Sutter Creek , a tiny mining town that was once a hub in California ’s gold rush .
“ You see it ?
Right there , ” says geologist Scott Briscoe , wading across a subterranean puddle and pointing to a yellow chip no bigger than the dot of an “ i ” just visible in the white light of his headlamp .
“ If you can see it , it ’s pretty rich . ”
Briscoe is gathering samples for Sutter Gold Mining Inc. , a Canadian firm that wants to reopen this mine in an area that has drawn fortune hunters for more than a century .
Company tests suggest there could be hundreds of thousands of ounces of gold in this mineral - rich chunk of land , worth hundreds of millions of dollars if the metal stays near its current price of about $ 953 per ounce .
That ’s made Sutter Gold determined to revive California ’s gold mining heritage .
Advertisement
If the company succeeds , the Lincoln project , as the mine is called , would be one of the few operational underground gold mines in California .
It would be the only working mine in that district of the Mother Lode , the rich veins of gold - bearing ore that snake under California Highway 49 from Nevada City to Mariposa .
Locals say the mine would provide a boost to Amador County , a pokey rural outpost in the northeastern part of the state that ’s dependent mainly on tourism and casinos .
“ It ’s hard times around here , ” said Pam Starkey , a bartender at the Fargo Club , a bar in nearby Jackson that , like Sutter Creek , relies primarily on visitors .
The big challenge , Sutter Gold officials said , is complying with California ’s tough environmental regulations while finding enough investors willing to gamble that the price of gold will stay high enough to make all the effort pay off .
The company so far has secured 34 permits from 16 agencies , requires about a dozen more and is still more than a year away from a potential launch , according to its president , Clayr Alexander .
It ’s already spent about $ 30 million to refurbish the mine ’s underground infrastructure and assess the amount of gold in the ground , among other tasks .
Advertisement
“ Investors say ‘ Oh , you ’re in California , ’ and it scares them , ” Alexander said .
“ But we ’re going to prove them wrong . ”
The push to reopen the mine picked up momentum last year came when RMB , a unit of South Africa ’s Rand Merchant Bank , bought 49.9 % of the common shares of Sutter Gold from U.S. Energy .
RMB recently devoted $ 4 million more for testing and engineering work .
The price of gold has risen steadily since 2000 and has more than doubled since 2004 .
That ’s because gold does well when the global economy is shaky , according to Jeffrey Nichols , managing director of American Precious Metals Advisors , a New York consulting firm .
Investors have also taken a shine to gold exchange - traded funds , increasing demand , he said .
Asia ’s growing prosperity is likewise fueling desire for gold jewelry , a traditional store of wealth in India and other developing nations , said Luke Popovich , a spokesman for the National Mining Assn .
Advertisement
Output in some mines in South Africa and the United States , both major gold producers , is beginning to dwindle .
That ’s prompting mining companies to reexamine areas in Latin America and parts of the U.S. such as Nevada and Alaska , where gold has been found before .
In California , the high price of gold has also attracted individual prospectors who pan in rivers and dig in abandoned mines on their own .
But few companies have pursued the costly process of reopening the underground mines that once produced millions of ounces of the metal .
Mining in Sutter Creek began a few years after James W. Marshall discovered gold in 1848 , setting off a rush in U.S. territory that soon became the state of California .
Miners initially clustered around John Sutter ’s sawmill near Coloma , panning in rivers or using sluice boxes to sort through rocks to find gold .
But once gold was discovered in the quartz near Sutter Creek , entrepreneurs opened hard - rock mines there , digging beneath the ground .
Between 1852 and 1952 , about 2.3 million ounces of gold were extracted from land there that Sutter Gold now controls .
Advertisement
Many of California ’s mines closed in 1942 after an order from the War Production Board determined that extracting gold was not contributing to the war effort .
Reopening them proved costly because many of them had become filled with water .
The industry that made California the Golden State employs only a few hundred workers today .
Some of those old mines , including one known as the Sutter Gold Mine , whose entrance is between Sutter Creek and Amador City about 45 miles east of Sacramento , are used primarily for tours recounting the long history of gold mining in the state .
Just a few hundred feet from where Briscoe searches for gold , a handful of tourists sit in a small underground antechamber listening to a tour guide with an unkempt gray beard and rusty miner ’s hat .
He points to a fake canary in a cage and tells the tourists , all wearing red hard hats , how miners used the birds to gauge the air quality in the mine ( a fainting canary signaled unsafe working conditions ) .
Many of the guides are locals whose grandparents and great - grandparents worked in the original mines .
They ’re eager to do more than entertain tourists .
Advertisement
“ Some people think it ’s a pipe dream and that it will never happen , but our dream is to reopen the gold mine , ” said Holly Boitano , a fifth - generation miner and former tour guide who is now Sutter Gold ’s health , safety and environmental protection coordinator .
“ It ’s why we ’re here .
It ’s why our grandparents came here . ”
But times have changed since the ‘ 49ers ran roughshod through California ’s gold country , leaving a toxic mix of mercury , arsenic and asbestos that pollutes the Sierra Nevada to this day .
In addition to extensive permitting , mining companies are required to backfill in California , putting most of the rock they remove from the ground back in again .
That rule and others have made both investors and miners wonder if gold mining makes economic sense in California .
Companies that have persevered have not gotten a warm reception .
Advertisement
In the late 1990s , environmentalists helped derail a proposed gold - mining project in the Imperial Valley , according to Laura Skaer , executive director of the Northwest Mining Assn. , a trade group that works with mining companies .
A bid by Canadian company Emgold to open the Idaho - Maryland Mine within the city limits of nearby Grass Valley was opposed by residents worried about pollution and traffic as well as chemicals in the groundwater .
The city is still studying the mine ’s environmental impact .
“ We want to make sure that if there ’s going to be an operation , that the environmental impacts can be dealt with in a responsible way , ” said Mike Thornton , mining project organizer for the Sierra Fund , which had concerns about the Grass Valley project and is trying to educate people about the toxic legacy of some of the abandoned mines .
Mining companies have gotten the message .
Advertisement
“ The perception out there is that California is not mining - friendly , invest your money somewhere else , ” Skaer said .
But in sleepy Sutter Creek , where mining ’s legacy can be seen everywhere -- from antique shops such as the Clothes Mine to an apparel store called Romancing the Range -- residents seem eager for the mine to reopen , if only to have something more exciting to talk about than gourd crafts ( there ’s a gourd group that meets in town twice a month ) .
“ Mining ’s what brought this town about .
Mining provides jobs , so dig up ! ” said Kevin Zorrozua , a 45 - year - old resident sitting on a bench across from the clubhouse of the Native Sons of the Golden West , watching cars drive past the ice cream parlors and antique shops of Main Street .
Residents say they could use the jobs mining might provide .
Tourism has declined during the recession , and a bypass road finished in 2007 allows motorists to avoid the immaculately preserved mining towns entirely when traveling in the region .
Advertisement
“ In terms of the economy , we ’re like everyone else -- the jobs would be very welcome , ” said Rob Duke , the city ’s police chief , city manager and head of the regional wastewater authority .
Sutter Creek ’s July unemployment rate of 14.5 % was the area ’s highest , and Amador County ’s rate jumped from 7.8 % in July 2008 to 12.1 % this year .
A large car dealership in the county went out of business in December , and independent retailers have been closing , cutting into sales tax revenue , said Michael Daly , city manager of neighboring Jackson .
At the Fargo Club early one Wednesday evening , Wesley Burns , an unemployed former trucker , said that there are hardly any help - wanted ads in the paper anymore and that he has n’t worked for months .
Advertisement
Reopening the Sutter Gold Mine would bring back some of the locals who left to work in such mining - friendly states as Nevada and Idaho , said Stacy Rhoades , 37 , the fourth generation of a mining family who is now the mine ’s manager .
He had left California to work in a uranium mine in Wyoming .
It might also send a sign to other companies that gold mining in California is n’t just for the history books .
When he was in high school , Rhoades had an assignment to develop a business plan for a company of his choosing in Sutter Creek .
He proposed reviving the mining operation .
The teacher gave him a D - minus , saying it was an impossible task .
“ We would like to be able to prove that it can be done in California , ” said Alexander , Sutter Gold ’s president .
“ People will see the benefit that we can bring to the community with the jobs , and that it ’s a very compatible industry for that region of California . ”
Advertisement
But even those hungry for the stimulus a mine might bring are n’t getting their hopes up .
Since the 1980s , residents have watched the mine ’s ownership change several times .
Hopefuls drilled and sampled , but they always abandoned the project when the price of gold fell .
“ They ’ve been talking about reopening it for years , ” said David Way , son of the owner of the Sutter Creek Inn , which bills itself as the first bed and breakfast west of the Rockies .
“ Some say they ’ll never open it . ”
--
alana.semuels@latimes.com
Love Games
Last night Raf and I had a vegetarian pizza .
Ray had a burger .
Ray wins this round .
Alt - Text :
He never does tell her that he had no idea they were ever in a relationship .
It seemed like the end of an era last week when it was announced that id Software had been acquired by Zenimax , the parent company of Bethesda Softworks .
While no one had any doubt that Zenimax would treat id well , it was still slightly surreal to realize that one of the biggest independent developers was now a part of a corporate family .
However , while many people might have expected that the studio would have joined a group like Activision or Electronic Arts , John Carmack has spoken out on why this would not have been a good fit .
Speaking to MTV Multiplayer about the acquisition , Carmack explained that becoming a part of a company like EA or Activision is n't always the best move for a well - established development studio .
" When you get down and look at the details of what it would mean for id Software to be a part of Activision and EA , you start realizing that it would n’t be all roses in that situation .
We ’d be coming into a situation where we ’d have several other studios inside the same company that essentially want to do what we want to do .
There ’s competitive interest there , and they ’re entrenched .
We ’d be coming in from the outside to fight for our space there , fight for the resources and attention of a larger company . "
Of course , while Carmack was pleased to working under the same corporate umbrella as Bethesda , he also made a point of explaining that id will still be continuing its current games with the aforementioned publishers .
" Nothing really is going to change in the next couple years .
Activision ’s still publishing Wolfenstein , RAGE is still an EA Partners title .
But it will be DOOM 4 as the first title that ’s going to be published directly by Zenimax .
Only after that do we see things that are going to be actually different because of this . "
Exactly how things will be different has yet to be revealed by Carmack , though one can't help but imagine a FPS pitting members of the Brotherhood of Steel against the monsters of Wolfenstein .
Penis enlargers and egg cookers , that 's who .
Yesterday we tallied up the advertisers — including Geico and Proctor and Gamble — who have fled the unhinged crybaby 's show .
Today , we take a look at the cable - news dregs who remain .
Yesterday 's broadcast of Beck 's show was guest - hosted by Andrew Napolitano .
There were 13 paid spots totaling 15 minutes .
We 're not saying to boycott these companies or anything — how can you enlarge your penis without patronizing the good people at Extenze ?
Just thought it would be fun to see who Beck is shilling for now that the high - class clients have left the building .
Ironically , Beck is enjoying his best ratings since he joined Fox — last week he averaged 2.5 million viewers and was the second - highest - rated program in all of cable in his timeslot .
So here are the advertisers that Fox News is delivering that enormous audience to :
Extenze penis - enhancing pills
Inogen
One portable oxygen concentrator
Brez anti-snoring nose inserts — Brez 's director of public relations writes : " We instructed our advertising agency earlier this week to insure that no further commercials for Brez are run on the Glenn Beck show .
Owing to the way TV advertising is purchased , AirWare Inc. was not aware in advance that its spots were to run on the show . "
Egg Genie and Baconwave egg cooker / bacon microwave rack
The Jewelry Exchange
SmartForLife cookies
The Akin Mears mesothelioma hotline
Jupiter Jack
Rosetta Stone
Speed Channel
Oreck Vacuums
FreeScore.com
NOTE : We initially reported that the Mesothelioma Hotline advertised on Beck 's show .
We were confused about the ad , which was actually for a mesothelioma hotline maintained by a law firm called Akin Mears .
The Mesothelioma Hotline says it has never purchased ads on Beck 's show , and we 've changed the list to reflect that .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Investor guru Warren Buffett bought up millions of shares of health care and drugmaker stocks in recent months while shedding energy shares , according to a Friday filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
In his biggest acquisition of the second quarter , Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway ( BRK.A ) investing company added nearly 4 million shares of drug and consumer product maker Johnson & Johnson ( JNJ , Fortune 500 ) , bringing his tally to nearly 37 million shares .
Buffett also bought 1.2 million shares of laboratory equipment company Becton Dickinson & Co. ( BDX , Fortune 500 ) He did not hold shares in this company in the second quarter .
The Omaha , Neb . - based investor sold off nearly 7 million shares of energy producer ConocoPhillips ( COP , Fortune 500 ) .
But he still held more than 56 million shares of the oil company .
He also sold 14.8 million shares of utility operator Constellation Energy ( CEG , Fortune 500 ) , which accounted for his entire stake in the company .
In other large sell - offs , Buffett unloaded more than a million shares of each of the following companies : Home Depot ( HD , Fortune 500 ) , Wellpoint ( WLP , Fortune 500 ) and United Health Group ( UNH , Fortune 500 ) .
Advocates of abortion rights , meanwhile , are reeling from the loss of one of their most experienced and savviest leaders .
One of only three doctors in the United States who openly and regularly performed late - term abortions , Dr. Tiller mentored abortion providers across the country .
Some of the nation ’s most influential women ’s groups celebrated him as an American hero .
Image Protesters long tried to close Dr. George R. Tiller 's abortion clinic .
Credit ... Larry W. Smith / Associated Press
“ This is so much more than just a murder in Wichita , ” said Gloria Allred , a prominent women ’s rights lawyer .
A Career Choice
Dr. Tiller ’s career in abortion began with family tragedy .
In August 1970 , his parents , sister and sister ’s husband were killed when the small private plane his father was piloting crashed near Yellowstone National Park .
Dr. Tiller , who had carried his father ’s bag on house calls as a boy , left the Navy and returned home to care for his grandparents and wind down his father ’s family practice .
He and his wife , Jeanne , adopted his sister ’s baby son , and he talked of settling into life as a dermatologist .
But he discovered his father had been performing significant numbers of illegal abortions , and before long women began turning to him for abortions , too , often under desperate circumstances .
“ The women taught him about life in Wichita , ” said Linda Stoner , who worked for Dr. Tiller for a decade .
The more skilled he became , the more referrals he got , the more he undercut prices of competitors , the more he began to specialize in abortion , making it the main focus of his practice by the late 1970s .
Friends said Dr. Tiller knew he would become a target .
Pickets first showed up in 1975 , two years after he performed his first abortion .
Years later , an anti-abortion group put him on a “ wanted ” poster of prominent abortion providers and offered $ 5,000 for information leading to his arrest .
When an abortion provider in Florida was assassinated in 1994 , Dr. Tiller spent the next few years under the protection of federal marshals .
By 1997 , he had been labeled “ the most infamous abortionist in the United States ” by James C. Dobson , founder of Focus on the Family .
“ He chose his life , ” said Dan Monnat , his longtime lawyer .
“ And having chosen it , he was n’t going to complain about the restrictions on his liberty by those who saw it another way . ”
Dr. Tiller also accepted that his career would inevitably bring scrutiny of his private life , including his struggle with substance abuse , which resulted in a 1984 arrest for driving under the influence and an agreement with the Kansas State Board of Healing Arts to seek treatment .
( He would later serve on the Kansas Medical Society ’s impaired physicians committee . )
http://www.freerepublic.com/...
" we ; ’re being represented by a family of ghetto trash . "
" Looks like a bunch of ghetto thugs .
A stain on America . "
" Looks like a typical street whore . "
" What we now are sending the ghetto over to represent us .
and if so who the hell is that flea bag who looks to be dragged from the trash dumpster . "
" you could go down any ghetto right now and see exactly the same . "
" could you imagine what world leaders must be thinking seeing this kind of street trash and that we paid for this kind of street ghetto trash to go over there "
" the world must be laughing like mad right now at that we have this kind of street trash in our white house . "
Racist minds sure do think alike , do n't they ?
" Wonder when she will have her first abortion . "
sad is n’t it that we now have ghetto street trash over there representing us in Europe .
Sad is n't it that the only black people you like are Jesse Lee Paterson , Alan Keyes , the star from your favorite sports team , and MAYBE Juan Williams .
" AND NONE I REPEAT NONE of the Palin kids never even ventured into the public arena making anykind of statement comparable to this Obubbo ’s daughter "
.... THE FUCK ?
( I cut out this poster 's " trash " quote )
" This disgusting display makes me more and more eager for the revolution .
They make me sick ....
The whole family ... mammy , pappy , the free loadin ’ mammy - in - law , the misguided chillin’ , and especially ‘ lil cuz ...
This is not the America I want representin’ my peeps . "
I need a fucking drink .
I hope all these Freepers have children that grow up to either marry black people or fuck them in high school .
edit : Rec List !
Thank you Kossacks for realizing why we need to stomach reading this kind of vile shit .
Ignoring it is n't good enough sometimes .
Fan Friday !
29 May 2020 Our Irregular Choice family just can't get enough of all the wonderful #irregularchoice fan photos on Instagram , so here we are celebrating some of this weeks favourites !!
Post your images on Instagram and remember to include the hashtag # IrregularChoice for a chance to be showcased in our next ' Fan Friday ' post !
Photo by @silverdollar
Fan Friday !
Our Irregular Choice family just can't get enough of all the wonderful #irregularchoice fan photos on Instagram , so here we are celebrating some of this weeks favourites !
Post your images on Instagram and remember to include the hashtag # IrregularChoice for a chance to be showcased in our next ' Fan Friday ' post !
View this post
“ Oh yeah , I tried being an entrepreneur a few years back but it was just too hard and I went out of business . ”
“ I tried the whole blogging thing but could n’t get it off the ground ”
“ I tried selling online but every product I could think of had too much competition ”
I do n’t know why , but lately I ’ve become increasingly sensitive to people complaining about how things are just too difficult .
Whenever I hear statements like the ones above , I ca n’t help but think to myself …
How hard did you really try ?
did you really try ?
How much time and effort did you actually spend ?
and effort did you actually spend ?
Did you just give up after encountering the first obstacle ?
Call me a skeptic , but I honestly believe that 90 % of the time people complain about their failures and give up because they do n’t really give things a chance .
Get My Free Mini Course On How To Start A Successful Ecommerce Business
Email marketing is just one of many steps in starting a successful ecommerce business .
So I put together a comprehensive package of resources that will help you launch your own online store from complete scratch .
Be sure to grab it before you leave !
Click Here To Download
Case In Point
“ Oh yeah , I tried being an entrepreneur a few years back but it never went anywhere ”
When I challenged the acquaintance of mine who made this statement , he showed me his website and claimed that he spent over 6 months working on his online store but never sold a single thing .
Wow , a whole 6 months huh ?
When I went to take a look at his website , I was appalled .
Not only did his online store look like complete and utter crap , but it appeared as though he spent little or no effort writing his product copy or marketing his store .
To make matters worse , his product photos were all pixelated and distorted .
It was no wonder that he never sold a single thing !
What ’s strange is that I always thought of this person as an intelligent individual .
Was this garbage of a website really the result of his best efforts ?
“ I tried the whole blogging thing but could n’t get it off the ground ”
Newbie bloggers are notorious for giving up so I naturally asked to see the so called blog that my friend could not get off the ground .
Turns out that he only had like 10 blog entries and he was using the default WordPress theme !
Not only that , but his about and contact page still had the WordPress defaults !
Given the state of his blog , how could he possibly have considered this trying ?
“ I tried learning how to program PHP but I never could get the hang of it ”
Programming can sometimes be difficult to master so when one of my acquaintances made the above statement , I was sincerely willing to help him out and answer whatever programming questions he had .
I started out by asking him some very basic questions on where he got stuck and tried to introduce him to some of the simpler concepts of programming .
Turns out that he did n’t understand a single thing that I was talking about .
When I asked him how he tried to learn how to program , he told me that he taught himself PHP by looking at some open source PHP code .
What !?!
You ca n’t just learn a language by looking at some arbitrary code .
Why did n’t he pick up a book and start with the basics ?
How could he possibly call this trying to learn the language ?
What Does It Mean To Try ?
I ca n’t even begin to tell you how many people I ’ve encountered that claim to have tried something but never put out their best efforts .
These people do n’t give their all and when they get stuck , they immediately write things off .
In fact , the people that complain the most are the ones who give up before even trying .
They bitch and moan about external factors when in fact they themselves are to blame for failing .
So if trying is more than just going through the motions , what exactly does it mean to try ?
Trying Is Not Quitting At The First Obstacle
You ca n’t really claim to have tried something until you ’ve overcome at least a few major obstacles .
Most people who do n’t try give up at the first sign of danger .
They hit their first obstacle like a brick wall and then start making excuses .
Trying is sticking with something even though you feel like total crap .
Those who have read my story know that our online store did n’t make very many sales during the first few months of operation and we contemplated closing up shop .
No one could find our store online and at the time , we had no answers on how to increase website traffic .
But thankfully , we racked our brains and eventually found creative ways to attract business .
Nothing is ever completely smooth .
To try is to overcome .
Trying Takes Time
Sometimes , trying and succeeding simply takes time .
Sometimes , nothing you can do will accelerate progress and you just need to be patient .
If you give up too early , you might miss out on potential gains that are right around the corner .
With our online store , getting indexed in Google and waiting for our reputation to spread via word of mouth was simply a waiting game .
Nothing we could have done could have sped things up .
Persistence was the key .
What ’s strange was that success came on like a switch towards the middle of our first year .
All of a sudden we were getting lots of organic traffic and business really took off .
If we did n’t stick around long enough , we would have missed out .
Trying Is Waiting For Things To Sink In
When you are trying to learn something completely new and foreign , certain things may be difficult to comprehend at first glance .
The human brain works in strange ways and it sometimes requires time for concepts to sink in .
If you give up before allowing things to settle in your brain , you are not giving yourself a fair chance .
For example , when I first started looking at the source code for some of the open source shopping carts out there , my brain was completely frazzled .
Reading and understanding someone else ’s code was not only difficult , but I could barely retain anything because there was too much information to absorb at one time .
But I stuck with it and over a period of several months , things gradually began to stick .
No matter how smart you are , it still takes time to learn , absorb and digest new things .
Have I Always Tried ?
I always find it interesting to look back on some of the failed projects that I ’ve worked on in the past .
Sometimes I question whether I gave it my all .
Sometimes I question whether I put my complete heart into it .
Sometimes I wonder whether things would be different now if I simply tried again .
If you have a free moment , you may want to take some time and reflect upon your past as well as revisit some old projects .
Sometimes all it takes is a new found perspective in order to revive an old passion .
Who knows ?
It might be worth giving things another try .
photo credit : sleeping worker Uphill Struggle Studying Top of the Hour
Ready To Get Serious About Starting An Online Business ?
If you are really considering starting your own online business , then you have to check out my free mini course on How To Create A Niche Online Store In 5 Easy Steps .
In this 6 day mini course , I reveal the steps that my wife and I took to earn 100 thousand dollars in the span of just a year .
Best of all , it 's free and you 'll receive weekly ecommerce tips and strategies !
Note :
This post above may contain affiliate links , which means that I may receive a commission if you make a purchase when clicking a link .
Please consult our privacy policy for more information .
Have you read these ?
PRESENT TENSE : THE VINTNERS ’ Federation of Ireland ( VFI ) has been grumbling into its pints again this week , and every breath reeked of apocalypticism and self - pity .
Thousands of jobs have been lost , it says .
Some 1,700 pubs closed in the past five years ; 250 alone in the past 12 months .
Rural pubs are under threat .
And if you do n’t care about us , it says , would somebody please think about the aul ’ fellas .
The aul ’ fellas get dragged out every time the VFI pours another pint of bitterness .
They are trapped at home , unable to get out for a pint and a chat and a catch - up as they ’ve been doing for decades , because the State wo n’t rescue failing pubs or has made it too difficult for aul ’ fellas to enjoy a pint or two and then make their way home at the end of the night .
“ The fabric of rural Ireland is closing down , ” according to the VFI ’s president , Val Hanley .
“ There will be no social outlet unless we take something in hand at this point . ”
The Irish pub is – socially , historically – a singular and precious thing .
In the national psyche it occupies a unique place between shame and pride , but there is no doubt that its death would make this country a duller place to live in , and worse to visit .
That , though , is to assume it is in a critical condition at all .
The vintners ’ figures do n’t provide context .
In 2008 , there were 9,500 pub licences in the country .
Even if more than 250 pubs have closed since then , it still leaves a good deal more licences than there were in 2000 , when there were 7,500 .
There followed a relaxation in licensing laws , and boom time for pubs .
In that context , the “ death ” of the Irish pub begins to look more like a post - boom correction .
And the pub becomes just like any other trade struggling in a recession .
Still the vintners complain and , unlike many of their customers , their tales of woe are listened to because of their power as a lobby group .
And they are right on one level .
The traditional Irish pub – the grocer pub , the small unselfconscious place with character – has suffered in recent years .
So , on the one hand we have the undisputed greatness of the Irish pub and people trying to earn a living , and on the other we have the VFI complaining about the closure of pubs as if it is some unmerciful act of an uncaring , joyless State .
But if they want to blame someone for that , they might as well start with themselves .
It is publicans who tore down countless old pubs and replaced them with larger , soulless places unrecognisable from bars in most major cities .
It is they who saw the greatness of the Irish pub and then gouged the authenticity from the streetscape in favour of a mock Irish pub .
It is they who replaced the welcoming silence with the sound of TV screens .
They did this because they saw a market for it .
That the market might shrink was the risk they took .
Some closures are down to people selling on their licence ; others because of business decisions that went wrong .
We all know of the pubs that extended themselves and became too big to cope with a recession , or to survive even during the boom .
In rural areas , the problems of running a pub have been exacerbated by certain outside factors .
Some of it , remember , has come through attempts to save lives – either through the smoking ban or the enforcement of drink - driving legislation .
Some champions of the rural pub complain of people being unable to enjoy a pint or two and drive home , as if the “ fabric of rural life ” were woven from the meandering exhaust fumes of a homeward - bound drinker .
Anyhow , the broader problems of location , social trends , rates and transport links are not publicans ’ alone .
They are similar to those faced by restaurants and cafes , for instance .
But restaurants close every week .
It is what happens to good and bad eateries .
That , famously , is the risk of the business .
Few would pine for the decline in the sandwich maker .
Of course , there ’s no sentimentality there .
No history .
No social resonance .
But when they tore down their own history , many publicans cared little for sentimentality .
Which is why , much as we treasure the Irish pub , it ’s hard not to feel that many of the VFI ’s gripes should be left at the bar stool .
shegarty@irishtimes.com
I named this post “ Tracker ” first as I started writing from that perspective , but the problems I ’m about to talk are more related to what is called “ semantic desktop ” and not specific to Tracker , which is just the GNOME implementation to that idea .
This post is a collection of my thoughts on this whole topic .
What I originally wanted to do was improve Epiphany ’s history handling .
Epiphany still deletes your history after 10 days for performance reasons .
When people suggesting Tracker I started investigating it , both for this purpose and in general .
How did this all start ?
It gained traction when people realized that a lot of places on the desktop refer to the same things , but they all do it incompatibly .
( me , me , me , me , me and I might be in your IRC , mail program and feed reader , too . )
So they set out to change it .
Unfortunately , such a change would have required changes to almost all applications .
And that is hard .
An easier approach is to just index all files and collect the information from them without touchig the applications .
And thus , Tracker and Beagle were born and competed on doing just that .
However , indexing has lots of problems .
Not only do you need to support all those ever - changing file formats , you also need to do the indexing .
And that takes lots of CPU and IO and is duplicated work and storage .
So the idea was born to instead write plugins that grab the information from the applications while they are running .
But still , people were n’t convinced , as the only things they got from this is search tools , even if they automatically update .
And their data is still duplicated .
What ’s a sematic desktop anyway ?
Well , it ’s actually quite smple .
It ’s just a bunch of statements in the form < subject > < predicate > < object > ( called triples ) , like “ Evolution sends emails ” .
Those statements come complete with a huge spec and lots of buzzwords , but it ’s always just about < subject > < predicate > < object > .
Unfortunately , statements do n’t help you a whole lot , there ’s a huge difference between “ Evolution sends emails ” and “ I send emails ” .
You need a dictionary ( called ontology ) .
The one used by Tracker is the Nepomuk ontology .
And when you have stored lots of triples stored according to your ontologies , then you can query them ( using SPARQL ) .
See Philip ’s posts ( 1 , 2 ) for an intro .
So why is that awesome ?
If all your data is stored this way , you can easily access information from other applications without having to parse their formats .
And you can easily talk to the other applications about that data .
So you can have a button in evolution for IM or one in empathy to send emails .
Implementing something like Wave should be kinda trivial .
And of course , you get an awesome search .
No downsides ?
Of course there are downsides .
For a start , one has to agree on the ontologies :
How should all the data be represented ?
( Do we use a model like OOXML , ODF or HTML for storing documents ? )
Then there also is the question about security .
( Should all apps be able to get all passwords ” ?
Or should everyone be able to delete all data ? )
It ’s definitely not easy to get right .
How does Tracker help ?
Tracker tries to solve 2 problems :
It tries to supply a storage and query daemon for all the data ( called a triple - store ) and it tries to solve the infrastructure to indexing files .
The storage backend makes sense .
Its architecture is sound , it ’s fast and you can send useful queries its way .
It has a crew of coders developing it that know their stuff .
So yes , it ’s the thing you want to use .
Unless you do n’t buy in to the semantic desktop hype .
What about the indexing ?
Well , the whole idea of indexing the files on my computer is problematic .
The biggest problem I have is thatthe Tracker people lack the expertise to know what data to index and how .
It does n’t help a whole lot if Tracker parses all JPEG files in the Pitures / folder when the real data is stored in F - Spot .
It does n’t help a whole lot when you have Empathy and Evolution plugins that both have a contact named Kelly Hildebrand , but you do n’t know if they ’re talking about the same person .
You just end up with a bunch of unrelated data .
There was something about hype ?
Yeah , the semantic desktop has been an ongoing hype for a while without showing great results .
Google Desktop is the best example , Beagle was supposed to be awesome but has n’t had a release for a while , let alone Dashboard , and it has n’t caught on in GNOME , either , even though we talk about it for more than 3 years .
But then , Nokia still builds on Tracker for Harmattan , the Zeitgeist team tries to collect data from multiple applications and make use of it in innovative ways .
People are definitely still trying .
But it ’s not clear to me that anyone has figured out a way to make use of it yet .
Now , do I want to use it in my application or not ?
Tracker is not up to the quality standards people are used from GNOME software .
It ’s an exciting and rapidly changing code base with lots of downright idiotic behaviors – like crashing when it accidentally takes more than 80 MB memory while parsing a large file – and unsolved problems .
Some parts do n’t compile , the API is practically not documented and the dependancy list is not small ( at least if you wanna hack on it ) .
It also ships a tool to delete your database .
Which is nice for debugging , but somewhat like shipping a tool that does rm - rf ~ .
In summary , I feel remembered of the GStreamer 0.7 or Gtk 1.3 days .
Products with solid foundations , a potentially bright future ahead but not there yet .
So it ’s at best beta quality .
I ’d call it alpha .
There is an active development team , but that team is focused on the next Maemo release and not on desktop integration .
This is quite important , because it likely means that the development focus will probably only be on new applications for the Maemo platform and not on porting old applications ( in particular GNOME ones ) to use Tracker .
And that in turn means there will not be deeper desktop integration .
Unless someone comes up and works on it .
So I do n’t want to use Tracker ?
The idea of the semantic desktop has great potential .
if every application makes its data available for every other application in a common data store that everybody agrees on , you can get very nice integration of that data .
But that requires that it ’s not treated as an add - on that crawls the desktop itself , but that applications start using Tracker as their exclusive primary data store .
Until EDS is just a compatibility frontend for Tracker , it ’s not there yet .
So if you use Tracker , you will not have to port yor application to use it in the future , when GNOME requires it .
You also get rid of the Save button in your application and gain automatic backup , crash recovery and full text search .
But if you do n’t use Tracker , you do n’t save your data on unfinished software , and you do n’t have to rip it out when Nokia ( or whoever ) figures out that Tracker is not the future .
Conclusion
I have no idea if Tracker or the semantic desktop is the right idea .
I do n’t even know if it is the right idea for a new Epiphany history backend .
It ’s probably roughly the same amount of work I have to do in both cases .
But I ’m worried about its ( self ) perception as an add - on instead of as an integral part of every application .
De G8 en G20 , beaucoup de chefs d'Etats et de gouvernements aiment à répéter que rien ne sera plus comme avant .
Le monde change , la crise l'a même bouleversé ; nos façons de penser et d'agir en termes de régulation financière , de relations internationales ou d'aide au développement doivent donc , nous disent - ils , évoluer de même .
Mais de nombreux exemples contredisent hélas toutes ces belles paroles .
La situation dans laquelle se trouve l'Islande à la suite de l'implosion de son système bancaire et de la nationalisation en urgence de ses trois principales banques ( Kaupthing , Landbanski et Glitnir ) en est sans doute l'un des plus significatifs .
Ce petit pays de 320 000 habitants voit peser aujourd ' hui sur ses épaules 100 milliards de dollars de dettes , avec lesquelles l'immense majorité de sa population n'a strictement rien à voir et dont elle n'a pas les moyens de s'acquitter .
J'ai été amenée à m'intéresser à l'Islande en raison de mon travail de conseillère pour l'enquête pénale sur les causes de la défaillance de ses banques , à l'origine de ses difficultés .
Mais mon propos ne concerne pas cette enquête ; il l'excède largement .
Je ne suis par ailleurs en rien la porte - parole du gouvernement islandais , dont les responsabilités dans tout cela ne sont évidemment pas négligeables .
Son prédécesseur a même été contraint à la démission , l'opinion s'étant élevée contre les collusions d'intérêt et le fonctionnement clanique des institutions , cause de tous ses maux .
Emue par le destin de ce peuple méritant et attachant , et par l'absence totale de débats dans les médias européens sur le sort qui lui est réservé , je souhaite simplement attirer l'attention de l'opinion publique sur les enjeux auxquels renvoie ce dossier – des enjeux considérables et qui ne se cantonnent pas aux seuls rivages de cette île .
L'attitude irresponsable de certains états , de l'Union européenne et du FMI face à l'effondrement de l'économie islandaise démontre leur incapacité à tirer les leçons de la remise en cause radicale du modèle qu'elle incarnait – celui de la dérégulation à outrance des marchés , en particulier des marchés financiers , que la plupart de ces mêmes acteurs ont contribué à mettre en place .
Prenons d'abord les exigences du Royaume - Uni et des Pays - Bas .
Ces pays sont concernés par la faillite des banques islandaises car ils avaient accueilli à bras ouverts leurs filiales et succursales , alors même que leurs autorités avaient été alertées , au moins partiellement , des risques qui pesaient sur ces banques .
Ils exigent aujourd ' hui que l'Islande leur verse des sommes astronomiques ( plus de 2,7 milliards d'euros pour le Royaume - Uni et plus de 1,3 milliards d'euros pour les Pays - Bas ) , assorties d'un taux d'intérêt de 5,5 % .
Ils estiment que c'était à elle de garantir les dépôts réalisés auprès d'Icesave , une succursale Internet de Lanbanski qui offrait des taux défiant toute concurrence .
Ils ont eux - mêmes décidé de fixer cette garantie non pas à 20 000 euros environ par dépôts , comme le prévoyaient les textes européens et islandais au moment de la faillite de Landbanski – ce qui était déjà impossible à tenir pour le gouvernement islandais , qui avait très vite annoncé après avoir nationalisé ses banques qu'il ne pourrait garantir que les dépôts réalisés en Islande même – mais à 50 000 euros , à 100 000 euros par dépôt , voire au - delà .
Par ailleurs , leurs mesures pour l'y contraindre sont scandaleuses .
Le Royaume - Uni a ainsi commencé , dès le tout début du mois d'octobre , par une mesure de rétorsion extrême : le gel des avoirs de la banque Kaupthing , qui n'avait elle - même aucun rapport avec Icesave , en usant de sa législation anti-terroriste .
Ce faisant , il mettait les Islandais , ses alliés au sein de l'OTAN , dans la même catégorie que des organisations comme Al Qaida …
Et depuis , il semble peser de tout son poids pour qu'aucune aide internationale ne soit réellement mise en place au profit de l'Islande avant qu'il ait obtenu satisfaction .
Gordon Brown a ainsi indiqué devant son Parlement travailler " avec le FMI " pour déterminer au mieux ce qu'il estimait être en droit de réclamer à l'Islande .
Quant au FMI lui-même , non content de tarder à mettre ses prêts à disposition de l'Islande , il les assortit de conditions que l'on trouverait grotesques s'il s'agissait d'une fiction .
C'est le cas avec l'objectif de ramener le déficit public de l'Islande à zéro d'ici 2013 , un objectif impossible à tenir mais qui n'en entraînera pas moins d'énormes coupes dans les dépenses les plus indispensables que sont l'éducation , la santé publique , la sécurité sociale , etc .
Enfin , de manière générale , l'attitude de l'UE comme d'autres Etats européens n'est guère plus recommandable .
La Commission européenne a clairement pris fait et cause pour le Royaume - Uni , puisque son président a indiqué dès le mois de novembre qu'il n'y aurait pas d'aide européenne tant que le cas Icesave ne serait pas résolu ; il est vrai que M. Barroso , trop occupé par sa propre campagne et terrorisé à l'idée de se mettre à dos son principal soutien , Londres , est comme à son habitude dépassé par les événements .
De même , les pays scandinaves , pourtant hérauts de la solidarité internationale , brillent avant tout par leur absence de réaction face au chantage dont est victime l'Islande – ce qui a de quoi nuancer la générosité de l'aide qu'ils lui ont promis .
M. Brown a tort quand il dit que son gouvernement et lui-même n'ont aucune responsabilité dans l'affaire .
M. Brown a d'abord une responsabilité morale , ayant été l'un des principaux promoteurs de ce modèle dont on voit aujourd ' hui qu'il marche sur la tête .
Mais il a aussi une responsabilité dans le sens où il ne peut en réalité s'abriter derrière le statut légal d'Icesave – qui la faisait dépendre formellement des autorités bancaires islandaises – pour dire que le Royaume - Uni n'avait ni les moyens ni la légitimité pour en superviser les activités .
Comment aurait - on pu imaginer que 50 personnes à Reykjavik auraient pu contrôler efficacement les activités d'une banque au cœur de la City ?
C'est d'ailleurs à noter , les directives européennes consacrées aux conglomérats financiers semblent bien indiquer que les Etats membres de l'UE qui autorisent l'entrée sur leur territoire de tels établissements originaires d'un pays tiers doivent s'assurer qu'ils bénéficient d'un même degré de contrôle de la part des autorités de leur Etat d'origine que ce que les textes européens prévoient .
Ainsi y a -t - il peut - être eu défaillance , sur ce point , des autorités britanniques – ce qui ne serait pas très étonnant , lorsque l'on voit les " performances " d'autres banques anglaises au cours de la crise financière , qui elles n'étaient aucunement originaire d'Islande … L'activisme de M. Brown face à ce petit pays ne s'expliquerait alors que par une volonté de paraître puissant aux yeux de ses propres électeurs et contribuables , dont les pertes ne sauraient naturellement être minorées .
Répétons-le , les institutions islandaises ont évidemment de fortes responsabilités dans l'affaire .
Faut - il pour autant ignorer celles tout aussi considérables des autorités britanniques , et faire peser le tout sur le seul peuple islandais ?
Surtout , l'Islande , qui ne dispose plus que de ses exportations pour tout revenu , ne pourra pas payer de telles dettes .
L'accord sur Icesave que le Parlement islandais est supposé voter prochainement entraînerait pour l'Islande une dette qui équivaudrait à 700 milliards de livres sterling pour le Royaume - Uni , et à 5,6 trillions de dollars pour les Etats - Unis .
De même , elle ne pourra pas supprimer son déficit en moins de cinq ans alors que ce dernier explose plus que jamais , y compris pour les grandes puissances – le Royaume - Uni et les Etats - Unis en fournissant là encore un très bon exemple .
A moins de ne changer radicalement d'approche , l'Europe et le FMI s'apprêtent donc à accomplir un véritable exploit : ravaler un pays dont l'Indice de développement humain ( IDH ) s'était hissé en quelques décennies au plus haut niveau mondial au rang de pays pauvre …
Conséquence : les Islandais , pour la plupart hautement qualifiés et polyglottes et travaillant beaucoup avec les pays nordiques , où ils sont très facilement assimilables , commencent déjà à émigrer ( 8 000 d'entre eux sont d'ores et déjà partis , ce qui est loin d'être négligeable ) .
Au final , ni le FMI , ni l'Angleterre ou les Pays - Bas ne pourront être remboursés ; ne resteront plus en Islande que quelques dizaines de milliers de pêcheurs retraités , ainsi que des ressources naturelles et une position géostratégique des plus importantes et à la merci du plus offrant – la Russie , par exemple , pourrait fort bien y voir un certain intérêt .
Il existe pourtant des solutions alternatives .
Les pays de l'Union européenne auraient ainsi pu réfléchir à un mécanisme permettant de mieux prendre en compte leurs propres responsabilités dans l'affaire , à vraiment mieux réguler les marchés financiers , voire à répercuter sur eux-mêmes , pour avoir failli dans leurs missions de supervision bancaire , une partie au moins de cette dette – ce que les textes européens n'interdisent en rien .
Ils auraient pu proposer à l'Islande , qui n'a évidemment aucune expérience en la matière , de l'assister dans l'enquête qu'elle cherche à mener pour comprendre ce qui s'est réellement passé et analyser en profondeur les causes de ce désastre ; ils auraient même pu en profiter pour lancer pour eux -mêmes une réflexion autour d'un parquet européen en charge des affaires concernant la grande criminalité transnationale , notamment financière – ce que là encore les textes européens permettent d'envisager .
Et de même , le FMI et son directeur général auraient pu profiter de cette occasion pour revoir en profondeur le type de conditionnalités qu'il adjoint à ses prêts .
Ils auraient pu les rendre plus réalistes , plus soucieuses de long terme , et leur permettre d'intégrer un minimum de considérations sociales .
Cela aurait été un premier pas vers une réelle réforme des institutions multilatérales de ce type et des procédures de solidarité internationale – et pour M. Strauss - Kahn lui- même l'occasion de se constituer enfin un bilan à la tête du FMI .
Porter ce débat demandera évidemment beaucoup de temps et d'énergie , et une très grande vigilance – notamment au Parlement européen , où les discussions devraient être animées au cours des prochains mois .
La présidence suédoise de l'UE ne semble en effet pas pressée de mieux réguler les secteurs financiers , et de plus les commissions à dominante économique du Parlement sont plus que jamais dominées par les libéraux – notamment des libéraux britanniques .
Mais les outils , les leviers existent pour véritablement faire avancer les choses ; et pour qu'enfin une catastrophe comme celle de l'Islande puisse susciter une réponse internationale qui ait du sens , et non plus les pressions irresponsables et cyniques que nous pouvons voir encore aujourd 'hui .
Eva Joly est députée européenne Verts et conseillère pour le gouvernement islandais dans l'enquête pénale sur les causes de la défaillance des banques .
Le Monde
Red faces all round in the New South Wales Education Department , as news surfaced last week that a filter supposed to block porn was actually letting it through , and blocking perfectly good educational material instead .
This unfortunate state of affairs came to light when a female school student from Greenfell , NSW , went looking for information on the " swallow " – the avian variety – and the malfunctioning filter blocked access to a documentary on swallowing toothpaste whilst allowing her to view a male site talking about " inappropriate material " .
Her father , George Cochrane , duly described himself as scandalised , before adding : " The system is n't actually protecting anybody , especially isolated kids . "
This appears not to have been a one - off , as reports later trickled in of other educational sites being blocked , as well as web pages for the local member of parliament and NSW Education Minister Verity Firth ’s own site .
Perhaps this is not quite such an oversight , as the only content currently to be found on that site is a picture of the blonde Ministress , suspiciously captioned : " Coming soon " .
The education department were keen to play down the seriousness of this incident , with a spokesman confirming that the site had been blocked , and admitting that some questionable websites escaped the filter .
However , he was adamant that response to concerns was swift and blocks were updated daily .
He added : " On rare occasions inappropriate websites are not captured . "
Acting Opposition education spokesman Andrew Stoner was less forgiving .
He said : " Nathan Rees and Education Minister Verity Firth are quick to claim credit for the good news , so they should accept responsibility for this debacle and fix it as soon as possible . "
Regular readers will be aware of the intense interest of the Australian government in creating an internet filter that will apply to all content on all PCs in the country .
Had opponents of this measure understood that one side - product of filtering was the delivery of porn on demand in response to innocent searches , it is possible that opposition might have been slightly less fierce . ®
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
The Obama administration is close to appointing a special criminal prosecutor to investigate alleged abuses by the CIA of prisoners held at detention centres around the world .
Eric Holder , the US attorney general , is tilting towards prosecution after reviewing Bush - era memos detailing individual cases relating to the treatment of prisoners .
He is said to have been " sickened " by what he read .
One of the memos , written in 2003 , is due to be published , at least in part , later this month .
The US approach contrasts with that of the UK , where the foreign secretary , David Miliband , and the home secretary , Alan Johnson , yesterday continued to resist pressure over the torture and abuse of detainees abroad , saying it was not possible to eradicate the risk of mistreatment ,
A US criminal investigation would focus on CIA agents and others alleged to have gone beyond guidelines laid down by senior figures in the Bush administration .
CIA officers who used waterboarding – an interrogation technique approved by the Bush administration but now judged by the Obama administration to be torture – would not be prosecuted .
But officers who subjected prisoners to excessive amounts of waterboarding could be the target of a criminal prosecutor .
The Bush administration guidelines allowed waterboarding to be used more than once but questioned the effectiveness of the technique after several repetitions .
In spite of that , Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , who admitted before being captured to being behind the 9/11 attacks , was subjected to waterboarding 183 times .
A CIA agent alleged to have brought a gun into an interrogation room to try to coerce a prisoner could also be investigated .
A senior justice department official , quoted in the Los Angeles Times yesterday , said that Holder envisioned an inquiry focused on " whether people went beyond the techniques that were authorised " .
The official said Holder " has come reluctantly to consider " appointing a criminal prosecutor , adding that " he has an obligation to follow the law " .
Barack Obama has been see - sawing on the issue , initially hinting that there could be prosecutions and then backtracking .
In the UK , a group of cross-party MPs demanded the publication of guidelines given to the security and intelligence agencies and more democratic accountability over MI5 and MI6 .
As Miliband and Johnson yesterday restated the government 's opposition to torture while conceding it was not possible to eradicate the risk of mistreatment , Sir John Scarlett , the head of MI6 , denies his officers were complicit in torture in BBC Radio 4's A Century in the Shadows programme , which is broadcast on Monday .
The Commons foreign affairs committee says ministers must publish past and current guidelines for intelligence officers involved in interrogating terror suspects abroad .
An MI5 officer is being investigated by Scotland Yard over the questioning of Binyam Mohamed , a UK resident , while he was held incommunicado in Pakistan .
Miliband is continuing to refuse to allow a seven - page summary of CIA intelligence about the circumstances surrounding Mohamed to be disclosed .
YouTube is a vast library of online videos .
There truly is something there for everyone .
This amount of content makes narrowing a search challenging , but doable .
It is possible to find quality health - related videos on YouTube .
Creating An Account
Go to YouTube.com and create an account by clicking the Sign Up link on the top right .
As you ’re filling in the blanks on the sign - up page , notice the little box that says , “ Let others find my channel on YouTube if they have my email address . ”
Channels are people ’s accounts .
Think of YouTube as a giant TV and everyone signed up , including you , is hosting his / her own channel .
Yikes !
Very crowded , but there are gems in the crowd .
Once done with the sign - up page , you ’ll go to another page where you ’ll type in your email and password .
At the end of this process , YouTube sends you an email asking you to confirm your account .
Follow the email instructions and you ’ll soon be on your very own YouTube account page .
When you get there , look in the upper right corner of that page .
If your user name is there , you ’re signed in and ready to go .
Your Page
Take a look at your personalized home page .
The first option you have is Add / Remove Modules .
Click on that to go to Account Settings , where you pick and choose what you want to see on your home page ( e.g. add / remove subscriptions , recommendations , friend activity , ect . ) .
Subscriptions is next ( videos from channels to which you ’re subscribed ) , then Recommendations ( videos recommended by YouTube that you may like ) , followed by Friend Activity ( videos your friends have uploaded ) , Featured Videos ( videos that are featured on YouTube ) , and Videos Being Watched Now ( which is self - explanatory ) .
Searching YouTube
Finding health channels to subscribe to is easy ―just type a keyword ( e.g HIV / AIDS , pertussis , H1N1 , etc. ) into the search box .
The search brings you results from Channels ( other users ’ accounts ) and Playlists ( a user - maintained list of videos ) .
Browse the channels and playlists and when you find something you like , click the gold Subscribe button on that page .
Subscribing allows you to get up - to - date videos from the channels or playlists you select and feeds those videos to your home page .
When looking for a range of information providers to subscribe to , sorting by Playlist can be beneficial , as playlists may be made up of videos created by that particular user , or videos the user likes that are created by others , or a combination .
You can also click on the Community tab ( see above ) and browse videos by categories , shows , movies , channels , contests and events .
Once you ’ve identified a health information source and determined its credibility , click subscribe .
The new videos from that user ’s channel or playlist will then show up on your YouTube home page under subscription .
It is that easy , so jump in and do n’t forget to find some funny vids to get you through the day .
Visit PKIDs and GETVAXED on YouTube , subscribe to our channels and check out our favorites .
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
The fossil record of marine bivalves dates back to the Jurassic period Whole " chunks of life " are lost in extinction events , as related species vanish together , say scientists .
A study in the journal Science shows that extinctions tend to " cluster " on evolutionary lineages - wiping out species with a common ancestor .
The finding is based on an examination of past extinctions , but could help current conservation efforts .
Researchers say that this phenomenon can result in the loss of an entire branch of the " tree of life " .
The message for modern conservation , say the authors , is that some groups are more vulnerable to extinction than others , and the focus should be on the lineages most at risk .
Lead researcher Kaustuv Roy , a biologist from the University of California , San Diego , focused on marine bivalves - including clams , oysters and mussels .
The fossil record for these creatures dates back almost 200 million years .
By tracing this documented timeline of evolution and extinction , the team was able to see the effects of " background extinctions " as well as the mass extinctions , such as the one around 65 million years ago during which the dinosaurs finally died out .
It 's like a casino of extinctions , with the odds rigged against certain groups
Richard Grenyer , Imperial College London
Many species have become extinct during the relatively stable periods between those global calamities .
But even during such quiet periods , the team found that extinctions tended to cluster into evolutionary families - with closely - related species of clams vanishing together more often than would be predicted by chance .
Richard Grenyer , a biologist from Imperial College London , who was not involved in the study , told BBC News that by going " way back into the fossil record " this study provided important evidence of the patterns of extinction .
" Big groups of organisms tend to be similar to one another , " he explained .
" Look at the large cats for example . "
But genetic similarities also mean , said Dr Grenyer , that " a bad effect that affects one of them , will likely affect all of them " .
" It 's like a casino of extinctions , with the odds rigged against certain groups . "
Life 's library According to this pattern , the study 's authors point out , extinctions are likely to eliminate entire branches of the evolutionary tree .
Professor Roy said : " If you have whole lineages more vulnerable than others , then very soon , even with relatively moderate levels of extinction , you start to lose a lot of evolutionary history . "
Conservation of one endangered species could help its close relatives Julie Lockwood , an ecologist from Rutgers University in New Jersey , US , who did not take part in this study , explained that because extinction events " hit certain lineages extremely hard ... we lose whole chunks of life . "
" There are examples of modern species where the same thing is happening , " she told BBC News .
" In seabirds for example , the same drivers - climatic change and habitat loss - are threatening whole groups of species . "
Richard Greyner likened this loss to a fire in a library .
" Because whole sections are lost - the whole of the physics section , or all of the romantic fiction , the overall loss is much worse than if you randomly burned every 400th book . "
But Dr Grenyer said that this evidence could help to drive more focused , and therefore more effective conservation efforts .
" We can use this information , " he said .
" It does n't make the conservation of individual species any easier , but if we know the sorts of things that affect tigers , we can infer conservation biology about the tiger 's close relatives . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A 58 - year - old , North Queensland man did n't find the humor in the prank that left him stuck to a shopping center toilet seat .
The man had to be taken to the hospital with the seat still attached after he found himself caught by a fast - acting adhesive that had been smeared on the toilet .
Hospital staff were able to remove the seat with the help of some industrial strength solvents .
Cairns City Council community safety committee chair Di Forsyth said , " I 'm disgusted that a gentlemen has had to go through that because someone thinks it 's funny — it 's a sick joke .
I think the community would be outraged and quite rightly so ... it 's quite a dangerous prank . "
Police have a few leads in the case , but nothing that will stick .
Paedophile jailed after burglars with a conscience tip off police about child abuse pictures on stolen laptop
Images : Richard Coverdale was jailed for three - and - a - half years after thieves told police about obscene images they found on his computer
A paedophile was caught after disturbing child abuse images were uncovered by burglars who stole his laptop .
Richard Coverdale downloaded pictures of child abuse and also invented a 14 - year - old character so he could expose himself to a shocked teenage girl over the internet .
Coverdale , 24 , of Redcar , North Yorkshire , was jailed for three - and - a - half years after thieves uncovered his crimes .
The burglars sparked the investigation which brought him to justice after they stole a laptop from his house on August 19 last year .
They uncovered a more disturbing crime than their own when they found child pornography on the computer , and contacted the police .
A spokesperson for Cleveland Police said the force was ' tipped off ' about the contents of the computer and its whereabouts .
Acting Detective Sergeant Chris Stone said : ' Whilst they were carrying out an offence themselves , it is commendable that they did the right thing and this in turn has helped bring a serious offender to justice . '
Officers discovered 78 illegal images - 13 stills and 65 ' movies ' - of varying seriousness in law on Coverdale 's computer .
It also emerged that Coverdale , already a convicted arsonist , had been chatting online with a 14 - year - old girl .
He pretended to be a 14 - year - old boy called ' Danny ' , prosecutor Harry Hadfield told Durham Crown Court yesterday .
Days before the burglary , he invited the female student to watch ' Danny ' on a webcam , then filmed himself performing a sex act .
The girl , who can not be named for legal reasons , immediately stopped communicating with him .
She later said she felt degraded , humiliated and had since harmed herself .
Coverdale admitted engaging in sexual activity in the presence of a child , eight charges of making indecent photographs of children and one of possessing such photos .
He confessed to police that he downloaded pictures of children and spoke to girls in chat rooms .
Tom Mitchell , defending , said the crime against the girl was ' remote ' because it was conducted through an electronic medium .
He added that she was not deprived of control and was able to switch it off .
Judge Brian Forster QC said Coverdale had conducted a calculated scam against the girl and sentenced him to a total of three - and - a - half years in prison .
He said children should be safe using the internet for education and entertainment , and people had to be deterred from similar offending .
Coverdale was banned from working with children for life and will be given a sexual offences prevention order next week .
In 2003 he was sent to a young offenders ' institution for four years with five years on extended licence for a series of arson offences .
He set fire to five Redcar properties , some occupied , in one night .
A 38 - year - old man and a 20 - year - old woman both received 12 - month community orders in connection with the stolen laptop .
The woman was also ordered to attend regular appointments with a probation officer .
The former President A.P.J. Abdul Kalam on Saturday said that educating women would help the country in controlling its population growth .
Fielding queries from students of Mount Carmel College here , the former President said population was found to be “ manageable ” in the States where literacy among women was higher than the rest of the country .
Dr. Kalam counted Kerala , Mizoram and Tamil Nadu among the States with high literacy rate among women and said the growth of population in these States was also under control .
“ In the States where women are educated , population is found to be less , ” he said in reply to Romila , a student , who wanted to know how the country ’s population can be controlled without hurting the religious sentiments of the people .
Replying to another question on the fairness of carbon trading regime , Dr. Kalam said the pollution caused by developed countries may be 6 to 12 per cent more than the developing countries .
With India buying $ 100 billion of fossil fuel every year , there was every possibility of the country matching the pollution levels caused by developed countries in the coming years , he added .
However , he felt that India should rely more on solar and nuclear energy and bio -fuel to meet its energy requirements .
“ India should become energy independent , ” Dr. Kalam said .
To a question on producing clean energy , the former President quoted Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and said the country was aiming at producing 20,000 MW of solar power by 2030 .
He said , with a note of regret , that thermal power accounted for 60 per cent of India ’s total power generation of 150,000 MW .
Hydro power accounted for 20 to 30 per cent .
When Kavya , a second B.Sc. student , asked the former President about the future of the space programme in the world , Dr. Kalam said the challenge before the nations involved in it was to bring down the cost of satellite launch .
“ To put 1 kg into orbit , we have to spend $ 20,000 now .
We have to bring down the cost to $ 2,000 so that we can have more communication transponders and remote sensing satellites , ” he said .
Earlier , Dr. Kalam advised the students to seek inspiration from women such as Mother Teresa , who selflessly served the poor and needy , and Kenyan environmentalist Wangari Maathai , who planted more than 40 million trees .
What do Bills games and MJs funeral have in common ? by Tim Redinger
Michael Vick may be coming to a plasma screen near you sooner than you might think .
The NFL ’s wonder - kid turned pooch - pariah has apparently drawn the attention of Michael Huyghue , the commissioner of the new four - team United Football League set to open in October .
According to the AP , Huyghue has called Vick “ a phenomenal talent , ” which , in the UFL ’s premiere , is essential to “ show outstanding players who find themselves in this quagmire the NFL creates . ”
Frankly , I ’m stunned to think that Vick is ready to make the transition from time behind iron to the gridiron .
Where is Vince McMahon when you need him ?
I would love to watch this garbage in the XFL .
Remember Rod Smart a.k.a He Hate Me ?
Vick ’s new jersey could read : He ’s Hated .
We have heard a lot about flaming iPods , but what a Dutch blog claims happened to this iPhone 3G is something else entirely .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The damage is so extensive it looks as though the iPhone was dropped by an astronaut , survived re-entry and smashed into the car like a meteor .
Needless to say , I am immediately inclined to drop this in the " phony " file — although I applaud the over - the - top imagery .
[ iphonenieuws via iphoneclub / Thanks Xeno ! ]
Some things never go out of style , and the annual “ Mars Spectacular ” message announcing an evening when Mars will appear “ as big as the moon in the sky ” is one of them .
It ’s yet another example of a widely - circulated e-mail containing information that was once at least partly true but which continues to be forwarded around year after year in embellished form , long after whatever valid information it once contained has become outdated :
Two moons in the sky on August 27 !
The next time this cosmic event will happen again , will be 36,996 …
Share this information as much as possible with your friends because NO human being alive today will be able to behold this incredible phenomenon a second time .
On August 27 , around midnight , do not forget to raise your head and look into the sky :
Mars will be the most brilliant star in the sky .
This is because it will have an apparent diameter as big as the Full Moon !
It will be possible to observe , with the naked eye , a cosmic phenomenon which will allow the inhabitants of the Earth to behold … two moons !
This is the first time that humanity will be able to observe this exceptional phenomenon .
The last planet Mars proximity of such magnitude dates back to exactly 34,978 years , the Neolithic period during which Neanderthal and Homo habilis , the distant ancestors of Homo sapiens , coexisted together .
Species to which the human race –- or more precisely , mankind –- belongs today .
This unique cosmic phenomenon called “ two moons ” is related , in part , to the proximity of the planet Mars with the Earth .
As you must have seen on TV or read in the press , the planet Mars is now closer to the Earth , it is also possible to observe the orange star at night in the sky by looking towards the South .
This phenomenon is quite common and appears about every 15 years .
Mars did make an extraordinarily close approach to Earth 17 years ago , culminating on 27 August 2003 , when the red planet came within 35 million miles ( or 56 million kilometers ) of Earth , its nearest approach to us in almost 60,000 years .
At that time , Mars appeared approximately 6 times larger and 85 times brighter in the sky than it ordinarily does .
( One version of the message was often reproduced with an unfortunate line break , leaving some readers with the mistaken impression that Mars would “ look as large as the full moon to the naked eye ” without realizing that that statement only applied to those viewing Mars through a telescope with 75 - power magnification . )
Although Mars ’ proximity to Earth in August 2003 ( referred to as a perihelic opposition ) was a rare occurrence , the red planet comes almost as near to us every 15 to 17 years .
To the unaided observer , Mars ’ appearance in August 2003 was n’t significantly larger or brighter than it is during those much more common intervals of closeness .
Mars had another close encounter with Earth in 2005 , but that occurrence took place in October ( not August ) , and the red planet appeared about 20 % smaller than it did during similar circumstances in 2003 .
Mars also made a close approach to Earth in December 2007 , but even then it was still about 55 million miles away from us , not nearly as close as it was in 2003 or 2005 .
The closest encounter between Mars and Earth since 2003 occurred on 27 July 2018 , when the orbits of the two planets brought them to within 35.8 million miles of each other .
Astronomers predicted Mars would appear twice as bright as usual around that time ( though it was certainly not expected to rival the brightness or size of the full moon ) .
The 2003 opposition will hang onto the record for the closest approach of Mars to Earth until 2287 , when it is estimated the planets will be separated by 34.6 million miles .
Texas astronomer Torvald Hessel observed the following in a 2006 interview about the perennial “ Mars Spectacular ” message :
Q : What ’s the truth ?
A : Mars gets close to Earth every two years .
So , last year , Mars was very close .
Three years ago , it was spectacularly close …
And right now , I ’m sad to say , Mars is actually behind the Sun ; we ca n’t see it at all .
Q : How wide spread is this falsehood ?
A : People get excited about it , start to send e-mail … and every August we see this e-mail coming back and I get a lot of e-mails about it , of course .
The Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum also noted in 2010 that :
The e-mail in question is commonly referred to as the “ Mars Hoax ” or , more accurately , the “ Mars Spectacular , ” and is titled : “ Two moons on 27 August or The Red Planet is about to be spectacular ! ”
It informs recipients that Mars will have an extremely close encounter with Earth during the month of August , culminating on August 27th when Mars is approximately 34 million miles away .
The information in the previous sentence was only true during the month of August in 2003 .
This was a historic astronomical event .
Mars was the closest it had been to Earth in 60,000 years .
However , this already happened .
The web site of the Students for the Exploration and Development of Space ( SEDS ) provides a chart displaying data about Mars Oppositions ( past , present , and future ) , and the web site of the Hubble Heritage Project offers some nice composite telescope images from previous Mars near oppositions .
A locked ball and chain was yesterday unveiled as one of the most unusual items to have been pulled out of the Thames mud in years .
The question is : what happened to the prisoner ?
The shackle , beautifully preserved in the foreshore mud , went on temporary display at the Museum of London Docklands today , where Kate Sumnall , the museum 's finds liaison officer , admitted its full story would never be known .
" The tide is very good at sorting things so if there were any bones associated with it , they would have moved , " she said .
The ball and chain was found in a Rotherhithe barge bed by an official mudlark – there are many amateurs but only a few have permits to actually dig in the Thames foreshore – called Steve Brooker .
" I almost left it there to be honest because for three weeks in a row I 'd had cannonball after cannonball and this looked like another one , " he said .
Sumnall said the find was incredibly rare .
All that is known so far is that it is 17th to 18th century , and it weighs eight kilos .
It would have been used for transporting prisoners and nothing to do with slaves , and it was probably made in Germany .
After being displayed at the museum it will return to Brooker who plans to hang on to it .
He called the Thames " a lost world " .
Why do people , seeing a number of large trucks spreading tar on the road , never - the - less decide that there would be no problem running across the road ?
So we can watch them on the Internet !
A 1:15 video .
What do you think ?
Click here to leave a comment - ( Comments so far )
" He has put a lot of this foolish behavior behind him , " said Joe Francis 's lawyer in 2007 , but guess what ?
He had plenty left .
Back then , Mr. Francis , who some of you may know as the purveyor of " Girls Gone Wild " videos , was about to do a month in jail on contempt charges for yelling obscenities during a mediation .
His lawyer was suggesting that Francis had turned over a new leaf , but that has now been called into question .
On June 11 , a federal magistrate judge recommended that a default judgment be entered against Francis in another case , a proposed class action on behalf of young women that Francis allegedly exploited by filming them allegedly going wild .
Plaintiffs there had moved for default on the grounds that Francis was not cooperating with discovery requirements .
The district judge had deferred ruling on that motion to see how things might go at an upcoming deposition .
He told Francis 's current attorney ( his third in the case ) that " the only thing that is saving your client right now is the optimism I have that your appearance [ to represent him here ] is going to be a turn for the better and that our old problems are over with . "
Since you are reading about this on Lowering the Bar , you can probably guess how that turned out .
Francis showed up late , failed to produce documents , and then , once the questioning started , seemed to experience a severe decline in brain function , operating well below even the Francis baseline .
The cynical magistrate suspected Francis of faking , of course , charging that he was simply " pretend[ing ] not to know the meaning of common words to avoid [ giving ] a straight answer . "
True , these were words that Francis certainly should know the meaning of by now , like " felony " and " jail " :
Q . Have you ever been convicted of a felony ?
A. I do n't understand what that means .
… Q . You do n't understand what being a convicted felon is ?
A. No .
Can you explain it to me ?
Q. Did you serve any time in jail ?
A . What do you mean " serve " ? … Q . Do you know what a prisoner is ?
A. No. Q. Do you know what a cellmate is in jail ?
A. No. Q. Do you know what a jail is ?
A. Sort of .
For those of you keeping score , the correct answers would have been yes , yes I do , yes , yes , yes , and " where I will probably be spending the next few years . "
Francis also pleaded ignorance of his own finances and had trouble identifying his own signature on a plea agreement .
Asked if he was a defendant in any other lawsuits , he responded : " I could be . . . . I do n't really pay attention to litigation . "
( He is . )
He asserted his Fifth Amendment rights in response to many questions , despite a ruling that he had waived that privilege .
" In summary , " the magistrate concluded with some understatement , " no information was obtained by this deposition . "
Best ( or worst ) of all , after the plaintiffs ' counsel gave up and terminated the deposition , Francis took the opportunity to do what he does best ( or worst ) : he actually took the camera away from the court videographer and started shooting video of a female lawyer for the plaintiffs .
( In case you 're wondering , she just stared at him . )
Not surprisingly , after this nonsense , the magistrate recommended that the motion for default be granted .
But , and this was surprising , District Judge Richard Smoak deferred again , apparently so Francis could be given one more chance .
Since Judge Smoak is the same judge who jailed Francis for contempt , and who was previously accused publicly by Francis of having " gone wild , " it seems remarkable that he is cutting any slack for Francis at this point .
As bad as this incident was , though , it might have been less bad than the deposition he gave in a lawsuit against him by Wynn Casinos to collect on a $ 2 million gambling debt .
In that deposition , Francis not only engaged in many of the same antics noted above , but also , according to the casino 's attorneys , made " repeated attempts to disrupt the deposition with flatulence . "
Link : On Point News
Link : Las Vegas Sun
Twenty years ago tanks rolled into Beijing 's Tiananmen Square to crush the biggest pro-democracy movement in history .
Hundreds were killed , thousands jailed and many fled to escape persecution .
Here exiled leaders of the student revolution tell their remarkable stories and reveal how , after being forced to build new lives , they remain haunted by its bloody legacy
Over seven tumultuous weeks of nationwide demonstrations and protests , beginning with the death of the sacked reformer , Hu Yaobang , on 15 April 1989 and ending with the movement 's violent suppression on 4 June , an estimated 100 million people across China demonstrated in support of political reform .
The movement was inchoate , contradictory and politically confused but it remains the biggest peaceful pro-democracy movement in human history .
For the millions who took part , life would never be the same again .
Last week I listened to a man in his 40s unburden himself of a secret he had carried for two decades .
He was a student leader in a major provincial city , and although he was arrested in mid-June 1989 , he was released after a month of enforced confessions .
He moved to another city and eventually made a successful career .
But for 20 years the burden of the hopes that were shattered on 4 June , and the apprehension that he could be targeted at any time by a regime that never forgets and rarely forgives , has weighed on his spirit .
It is part fear , part depression , part rage .
Some are still in prison .
Others , in mourning , are still harassed .
A few campaign openly for a reversal of the Communist Party 's verdict that the movement was the work of " a small clique of counter - revolutionaries " who wanted to overthrow the party and the socialist system .
Behind the few high - profile campaigners and dissidents is the much larger throng of those who still nurse memories too painful to discuss .
It 's been two decades since that lone protester defied a column of tanks on Beijing 's Avenue of Eternal Peace , before vanishing , never to be identified .
Since that time , China has prospered economically .
The party has embraced the market and traded the socialist system it claimed to defend for the pleasures of getting rich .
Younger generations are vague about a movement that still cannot be publicly discussed or documented .
But the suppression at Tiananmen continues to exact a high price : the constant falsification of history , a political system frozen by the fear of the people 's judgment , and a leadership that sees the ghosts of Tiananmen wherever voices call for political reform .
Four years ago a cautious official commemoration of Hu Yaobang raised hopes that Tiananmen might finally be reassessed .
Since then the party has stalled , perhaps waiting for the deaths of the chief perpetrators and beneficiaries , Li Peng and Jiang Zemin , before it begins to re-examine the single most traumatic episode of recent times .
Tiananmen marked the moment when the Chinese Communist Party relinquished its ideological claim on the loyalty of the people .
After that , its message was material : as long as its citizens were content to leave politics to the party , the party would deliver prosperity .
Superficially , it has worked - and the ideas so vigorously discussed in 1989 have given way to the truculent nationalism of new generations .
But China has a culture that honours its dead , and Tiananmen 's dead are privately remembered by millions .
Until the democracy movement of 1989 is acknowledged for what it was , a massive expression of popular demand for a government accountable to its people , the ghosts of the dead and nightmares of the living will not be laid to rest .
• Isabel Hilton is the editor of online magazine Chinadialogue
' What happened that night reshaped my life completely '
Wuer Kaixi : ‘ I feel sorry for the victims .
We were the leaders – we survived . ’
Photograph : Dan Chung
Wuer Kaixi , 41 , was a leader of the student protests and number two on the Most Wanted list .
After the crackdown he fled first to France , where he was a founder of the Federation for a Democratic China , and then to the US .
He now lives in Taiwan .
Two decades on , Wuerkaixi still slips between past and present tense as he talks about that night in June ; still gulps and falters .
" The tanks sounded enormous ... Bullets were in the air ...
The blood was very real .
You can smell it .
People 's panic and anger ...
In the hospital the doctors ' gowns were no longer white .
And you knew it was n't from just one person ... it was overwhelming . "
What happened that night " has reshaped my life completely " , he says .
Outwardly , there is little now to connect him to the angry young man who became world - famous for rebuking hardline premier Li Peng and subsequently held second place on Beijing 's Most Wanted list .
Aged just 21 , he was smuggled out of the country and fled to France via Hong Kong .
Since the mid-90s he has lived in Taiwan , where he works for an investment fund , writing political commentaries in his spare time .
He has not seen his parents for 20 years - they are not allowed to leave China - but he is married to a Taiwanese woman and they have two sons .
" I 'm more fortunate than other exiles .
I have a home , " he says .
Like many protesters , he had no history of political involvement .
As a freshman at Beijing Normal University he shared the gloom that was spreading through China : the initial enthusiasm for economic reforms was waning as inequality crept in and political reform stalled .
A failed student movement in 1986 had merely spurred the downfall of Hu Yaobang , the popular , reformist general secretary of the Communist party .
News of his death three years later was " a spark thrown into a gunpowder keg " .
One thousand students rallied on campus .
Drawn deeper into activism , Wuer Kaixi became one of the founders of the hunger strike as the student movement swelled .
He was hospitalised but rushed back to the square when told that a government leader would come to speak to the students .
He was still in his hospital gown when he confronted Li Peng : the images of him rebuking the premier were beamed around the world .
Wuer Kaixi insists it was not a stunt .
They had hoped for real dialogue , he says , but arrived to find a government showcase , with TV cameras and Li's " never - ending monologue .
It was the mentality of the government - an old man lecturing troubling youngsters .
I said , ' This may be a little impolite , but we do not have time to go on like this . '
Li Peng said he was sorry he arrived late and blamed the students for blocking traffic .
I said , ' You were late not by 10 minutes but by one month . ' "
It is to the credit of journalists , he says , that the footage was broadcast to the nation .
Like the fan mail that filled a truck in the following days , it reflected widespread support for the students .
But , like many of the original activists , Wuer Kaixi was already dismayed by the development of the protests as more radical voices gained increasing sway among the crowd .
" We were no longer in control of the masses in the square .
I felt it was the beginning of the failure , " he says .
But Wuer Kaixi is still proud of " one of the most rational and well - organised and remarkable movements of all time in human history " , and has little patience for critics .
" I will always feel sorry for the victims .
We were the student leaders and we survived - they did n't .
But we have done our reflection .
If anyone needs to be blamed , it is the Chinese government . "
Tania Branigan
' I feel I have to be doing something political '
Chaohua Wang who was involved in the 1989 Beijing Tiananmen Square protests photographed near her home in North London .
Photograph : Richard Saker
Chaohua Wang , 56 , was a student leader in the spring of 1989 , and after 4 June was on the Chinese government 's Most Wanted list .
She is now a writer and editor living in Los Angeles .
Chaohua
Wang was a key organiser of the protests but escaped with her life while many of her friends were killed .
She still agonises over what went wrong .
" Ultimately it comes down to the fact that we did n't have enough intellectual preparation to make meaningful demands , " she says .
Wang may have survived but she made other sacrifices - a six year - old son she was forced to leave when she went into hiding before escaping to Los Angeles .
She did not see him again for 15 years .
Her father died , too , while she was in hiding .
" He thought I would be imprisoned - he lost all hope . "
In LA Wang worked as a cleaner until she had learned enough English to enrol as a an MA student at UCLA , from where she later earned her MA and PHD degrees .
She set up a website and began writing political essays .
" I feel I have to be doing something political , even if it 's just self - comforting . "
In 1989 she was two years into an MA in modern Chinese literature when she heard a man with a megaphone in Tiananmen Square asking for representatives from Beijing 's 47 universities .
Wang found she had one of the strongest voices .
" During the cultural revolution we had been encouraged to be argumentative , to stand up and speak . "
She became part of the students ' organising committee and oversaw the protests from beginning to end .
The 27 April march where students and workers came together was the high point for Wang .
" It was a huge demonstration of public will .
But we had no plan - we stopped running events and events started running us . "
The student leaders were n't eating or sleeping properly .
Wang lost her voice .
Her hair got so dirty she cut it off .
When the military entered central Beijing , she was in hospital with exhaustion .
She dreamed of New Year firecrackers .
When she awoke , the ward was deserted .
" People were sitting crying on the kerbs .
The atmosphere in the city was more anger than fear . "
In hiding , she saw her name on the government 's " 21 Most Wanted " list .
If caught , she faced imprisonment or execution .
She had no choice but to leave .
The closest she has since been to China was in 2004 at Hong Kong airport , where she met her son , by then aged 21 .
Tom Templeton
' Did we make any difference ?
I 'm not sure that we did '
Shen Tong at the offices of his software company VFinity , New York City .
Photograph : Anna Schori
Shen Tong , now 40 , was a leading organiser of the protests .
He was on Changan Avenue when troops opened fire on the students .
Days later , he fled to the US .
Twenty years ago , Shen Tong was 20 .
He was a thoughtful student at Beida University who became one of the main negotiators of the Tiananmen Square demonstration , co-chairing the committee on dialogue with the Chinese government .
" I always expected things to be harsh , " he recalls when I meet him in the New York office of his software company , VFinity .
But when the harshness came , even he did n't believe it .
The person standing next to him on Changan Avenue collapsed and died and still he thought : " Oh , it 's a rubber bullet . "
People were bleeding in the courtyard of his home , being dragged on to roofs for safety , and yet , he says : " You somehow felt you were invincible .
It took so long for reality to sink in . "
Shen had been accepted to do a masters in biology at Brandeis University in Massachusetts ; by means he still cannot reveal , he managed to collect his new passport , remain in hiding for six days and fly to the US , where he gave a press conference supplying the first eyewitness account by a student leader of the massacre .
Months later , he was named one of its people of the year by Newsweek .
For the next 10 years , he worked tirelessly to raise awareness of human rights in China .
Under the umbrella of his non-profit organisation , the Democracy in China Fund , he returned to China in 1992 , testing Deng Xiaoping 's assertion that students who had left would be welcomed .
" Sure enough , " he says with an ironic smile , " they put me away . "
He was imprisoned for 54 days and released only after he became a figurehead for human rights as part of Bill Clinton 's presidential campaign .
" We 're still too close to it to understand what happened , " he says when I ask what 1989 achieved .
" We 're too close to the French Revolution , let alone to Tiananmen . "
Broadly , intellectually , he can say this : " If there is a simple answer , it highlighted the key question of how to keep in step with the rest of the world .
Right after 89 , the government said : we really need to justify the regime .
A completely self - righteous totalitarian regime is much worse than a technocrat - run authoritarian regime justifying its legitimacy by some means that 's close to human life , such as economic development . "
Personally , though , his feelings are far more ambivalent .
" Did we make any difference ?
I 'm not sure we did , " he reflects .
" It 's a huge price to pay : my youthful years , all of them .
Second only to my own family , my beliefs remain probably the most important thing to me .
But I do n't know what to do with them . "
He has done many things : he has written a memoir , Almost a Revolution ; scholarly essays ; film criticism ; novels .
He set up a TV production company and opened a bookshop .
Then he hit upon the idea of using technology to empower people .
Since the early 90s he had been involved in smuggling modems into China .
Now he does business there officially .
In general , the people Shen knew in exile became very hard .
He sought a different way of being : he has married and has two young children .
They live in SoHo and collect art .
Emphatically , he says : " I have a normal life .
It sounds so basic , but among the exiles , that has n't been basic at all . "
Gaby Wood
' In some ways no ideal is worth those human lives '
Diane Wei Liang at home in London .
Photograph : Katherine Rose
Diane Wei Liang , 42 , is a detective novelist living in London with her husband and two children .
Her books include The Eye of Jade and Paper Butterfly .
She took part in the 1989 protests while a student in Beijing and fled to the US soon afterwards .
In Diane Wei Liang 's smart Holland Park town house , a street away from the school where her children play with George Osborne 's , the revolutionary spirit of mid-1980s Beijing seems impossibly distant .
Impeccably groomed in skinny jeans with a shiny curtain of hair , Wei Lang has removed herself from her past in every possible way , changing not just her country of residence but her name , her nationality and the language she speaks .
She renamed herself Diane as soon as she reached the west .
Since then , she has renounced her Chinese citizenship and speaks only English to her children .
She says her husband , a management consultant born in Germany , is upset they will not learn Mandarin but you get the sense that Liang is happy to put as much distance as she can between her new life and the one she led before the Tiananmen crackdown .
In 1989 she was 22 , an academic high - flier , keen to escape her background and study in America .
The daughter of two college - educated professionals , she had grown up in a labour camp where her parents had been sent with other " intellectuals " .
However , as some of her friends were politically engaged , Liang was drawn almost by osmosis into the pro-democracy movement which culminated in the massacre on 4 June .
She marched , took water to the hunger - strikers and climbed up on top of a tank , pushing leaflets on its occupants .
She is not sure she would be as brave today .
" It 's in the Chinese culture to exchange blood for freedom , but I 've seen the bodies and I 've seen children being killed by a stray bullet , and in many ways I think that no ideal is worth those human lives . "
She recalls the days following the crackdown .
" China is a very noisy place but you did n't even hear children cry .
Everyone was shut in .
Soldiers ' fingers were on the triggers , they shot windows when they heard an insult .
Arrests were made .
There were telephone hotlines - every day you worried someone would report you . "
In those fearful weeks she was amazed to find that a passport application to study abroad which she had entered on the first day of the protests had been approved .
Three months later she was in America with $ 40 and just a few words of English .
A month later , in Virginia , she watched the Berlin wall come down .
Liang taught herself English , and took a PhD in business administration at Pittsburgh 's Carnegie Mellon University .
She became an economics professor and in the mid-90s was invited to teach on the very first MBA course in China , a measure of the direction the country had taken post - Tiananmen .
" When I arrived in Beijing I did n't know where I was , things had changed so much .
I remember talking to my students about Tiananmen .
It was n't in the text books .
Those who had heard of it simply knew the government version , but the rest knew nothing and were n't interested in it and they were not interested in leaving China either .
Everyone just wanted to make money . "
Liang married and moved to London where she took a post at Royal Holloway college , part of the University of London .
While on maternity leave she wrote a memoir of her childhood in the labour camp and her role in the Tiananmen protests called Lake with No Name .
This started her down the road to becoming a full - time novelist , fulfilling a childhood ambition .
It has been a long and twisted road .
Tom Templeton
' When I saw the first dead body I felt cold in my heart '
Wang Juntao in New York .
Photograph : Anna Schori
Wang Juntao , 50 , ran an independent thinktank and published an underground magazine in China in the 80s .
He was an adviser to the student leaders and spent four years in prison following the protests before going into exile in the US .
Wang Juntao , one of the most influential thinkers behind the pro-democracy movement in China , was born in 1959 , just as construction on Tiananmen Square was nearing completion .
His father was a Party general ;
Wang 's given name , Juntao , means " billowing wave of the army " .
After the events of 1989 , Wang was arrested , held for 13 months without charge and eventually sentenced to 13 years in prison for his alleged work as a " black hand " , or evil mastermind , of the student demonstration .
In prison he contracted hepatitis B and , under pressure from Bill Clinton , the Chinese government offered to send him to the US for a medical exam in 1994 .
Upon his arrival , he heard himself being called an " exile " ; only then did he understand that he could never return .
" Although I lost an opportunity to promote democracy in China , I got a chance to find out about other countries , " he tells me when we meet in a Starbucks in New York City , near where he now lives .
" And in the future , that will be very helpful to China .
When I saw what was happening in Russia and other Soviet countries in the early 1990s , the transition was not too good .
Nobody prepared how to deal with the transition - it was just thought , ' When the transition happens , everything will be better . '
But it 's not true .
On the one hand the political system is much better than before , on the other hand the social and economic situations were not good . "
Wang has spent the intervening years studying the matter closely , completing a Masters at Harvard and a PhD at Columbia .
Inflation , corruption , military coups , American foreign policy and , above all , the rise of neoconservatism in China since the death of Deng Xiaoping : all of this has come under his intellectual lens .
Now he has had offers to teach at many universities , including Oxford .
In Beijing Wang was a charismatic figure .
He was a poet who co-founded the country 's most professional pro-democracy magazine , Beijing Spring , and throughout the 1980s he campaigned on university campuses , held non-violent demonstrations , established a thinktank .
He was methodical and patient , and had Deng Xiaoping 's tacit support .
So why was he imprisoned ?
" They did n't follow our ideas , " he says now .
" I tried to give them some advice , but the students would n't listen to me .
I told them very clearly : ' You want democracy ?
We need to very carefully defend what we have built . ' "
He was n't angry with the students : " I think they did a good job : their demonstration was large - scale and peaceful , their slogans were carefully thought out .
But when I saw the first dead body lying in the middle of the road , I felt cold from my heart to my feet .
I knew that everything we had worked for was over .
The last chance of peaceful transition in China : over .
In the west , you think we lost one battle .
We lost more than that - not just lives , but opportunity . "
Though he cannot go back , he has a vast amount of knowledge , and every other Friday he circulates a " powertalk " - a speaking PowerPoint presentation - in China , continuing to influence the grass roots from abroad .
As for the future , he suggests , it is unknown : " The road to democracy is long , and paved with many stones .
We do n't know where we are in the road . "
As we are leaving , Wang looks around the crowded Starbucks and shrugs with an expression of something like distaste .
" To be honest , " he says , " I do n't like democracy .
In fact , I hate it .
I do n't like the food , the clothes ... my ideal is a traditional Chinese one , of sitting in a boat on a lake in the moonlight , with some friends and a drink .
But , " he concludes , " I think people deserve their rights , and I 've spent my life paying for them . "
Gaby Wood
' We did n't have the experience to feel fear '
Wang Dan photographed at The British Museum Photograph : Jim Powell
Wang Dan was a key organiser of the democracy protests .
Made China 's number one Most Wanted after the crackdown , he spent 10 years in prison .
He fled to the US and is now studying at Oxford .
It seems absurd that a skinny , bespectacled student who had barely turned 20 should be ranked number one on a Most Wanted list of leaders sought for " counter - revolutionary rebellion " - but Wang Dan was portrayed as the mastermind behind the events of 4 June .
In fact , he was not .
But his resistance to the authorities endured even after his arrest and imprisonment .
When he left prison in 1993 , he was certain he would return .
" I already knew there would be a second time , because I did n't want to give up and the government would not be tolerant , " he says .
" With the student movement in '89 we did n't achieve anything and friends lost their lives .
I had an obligation to continue their dream . "
Studying at liberal Beijing University , he had already created a democracy salon , and was naturally drawn into protests the following year .
" We were very young - I do n't think we knew the true meaning of democracy , " he recalls .
" We hoped we could have freedom - not necessarily the right to vote , but a free life .
That was our understanding . "
One event in particular proved a turning point that spring : the now notorious People 's Daily editorial accusing the students of creating turmoil .
Intended to cow protestors , it instead provoked huge demonstrations .
" It was the first time when the government told people not to go on the streets and they went anyway .
We were making history . "
Yet the demonstrators had little idea what they were getting into .
" I do n't think we were brave .
We did n't have the experience to feel fear . "
He was at the university when friends called him to tell him the military were shooting people in the streets .
" For several days I was totally numb .
I never believed the government could do this , " he says .
While others escaped overseas , he stayed , still hoping that reformists would somehow triumph within the leadership .
His arrest was an odd relief after weeks of hiding , though his family would bear the brunt too ; his mother was jailed for 50 days .
He plays down his own years in custody : " I was a special case - I drew attention from the international community .
They did n't beat me .
They treated me OK .
" Workers were put to death .
The treatment of students was better than the workers and ordinary citizens ; they were the real victims . "
Freed in 1993 , he was back in jail within two years , this time sentenced to 11 years for criticising the government and attempting to organise .
US pressure won him " medical parole " in 1998 , but his escape to the US was bitter - sweet , since he could not return to China .
He completed his studies at Harvard and is currently a visiting scholar at Oxford .
He remains an outspoken critic of the government .
Tania Branigan
' They did n't really believe the communist party could shoot them '
Chen Ziming .
Photograph : Dan Chung
Chen Ziming , 55 , ( along with Wang Juntao ) was labelled one of the ' black hands ' behind the protests and sentenced to 13 years in prison .
He has suffered poor health and his prison term was completed off and on in jail and under house arrest .
He now lives in Beijing .
Chen Ziming is used to trouble .
It began in his youth , in 1975 , when he spoke out to support Deng Xiaoping – purged for a second time by Mao Zedong – and was sentenced to reform through labour .
At the end of the decade , he helped to found the Beijing Spring magazine during a brief flourishing of political freedoms .
Later , he took a leading role in experimental direct elections .
" I was first in prison in my 20s ... I had already decided to devote myself to a career of freedom and democracy in China .
Although I was caught a few times later , these ideals established in my youth cannot be changed , " he says .
In the mid-1980s , he launched the country 's first private thinktank : the progressive Beijing Social and Economic Research Institute , which published the challenging Economics Weekly .
But experience had made him wary as well as determined .
" Because of that , I acted very cautiously [ in 1989 ] .
I knew if I did anything , they would have something to say about it . "
He was not cautious enough .
He spent 13 years in prison and under house arrest as one of the " black hands " blamed for the Tiananmen protests .
To this day , police watch his flat in the Beijing suburbs .
" Nothing to worry about , " he says calmly .
Now in his 50s , Chen is hardly a firebrand , but very much the academic .
He speaks in long , carefully structured paragraphs with numerous elucidatory clauses – and a hint of humour .
He says that in 1989 he simply offered advice to inexperienced students who had sought his help , as reformers in the leadership leant towards dialogue ( others suggest that downplays his role , but stress he was a mediator between parties , not a leader ) .
" What happened next was really out of our expectations .
Zhao Ziyang [ the pro-reform general secretary ] lost his job and people like us were put into prison .
It was n't a preordained outcome , " he maintains .
" [ The student leaders ] were naive .
They did n't really believe the communist party could shoot them or put them in prison ...
Sadly , because there 's no article about 6/4 [ the date of the crackdown ] allowed on the net , no publication about it , students of this generation possibly could make the same mistakes . "
He was at home when the shooting began : " Of course I felt very angry .
Most of the Beijing citizens felt angry .
Our neighbours gathered to talk about events and an old lady said , there have been three changes of dynasty [ from the Qing to the Republic of China , the Japanese invasion , and the People 's Republic ] and they were not as bloody as this . "
Soon afterwards , the authorities released the " most wanted " student warrant and another naming leading intellectuals .
Chen , warned that his name would appear on the second list , had already fled but was caught in southern China .
Others had escaped overseas .
" I felt I had n't done anything wrong or broken the law so of course I could stay in China .
Both me and Wang Juntao [ his long term friend and colleague , now living in the US ] had experience of being in prison so neither of us was that scared of it .
The government had to send some intellectuals as scapegoats , so we thought , why do n't we take that role ? " he says .
He had no idea how long he would serve , " but I thought , they even shot students in the square , so it could n't be short .
My wife was imprisoned for 400 days as well ...
She was told that it was uncertain whether her husband would live or not . "
He thinks that attention from the international community helped to lighten his sentence .
Chen acknowledges the " great progress " made in his years in detention .
But while economic freedoms have expanded , he thinks political rights and freedom of expression have been squeezed .
In 2004 he won permission to set up the Reform and Reconstruction website with a friend – but once it garnered a following , it was shut down .
Now hosted on a foreign server , it cannot be accessed from China .
" Even before 1989 , you could have private publications ...
Our comments and content were much more independent and better than the ones they have now and the central government never really bothered us about what to write and not to write , " he recalls .
" Now they have very strict controls .
Where is that free spirit of the past ? "
Tania Branigan
' The government finally and totally lost their legitimacy '
Novelist Ma Jian photographed at his West London home .
Photograph : =/ Richard Saker
Ma Jian , 55 , is a novelist .
His books include Red Dust , The Noodle Maker and Beijing Coma .
He spent six weeks in spring 1989 living with protestors in the tent city in Tiananmen Square .
He now lives and writes in London .
Ma Jian has travelled a long way during the past 20 years but his heart remains in the country he has left behind .
" Living in London is like being on a luxury cruise liner , " he said recently .
" It 's very comfortable but I 'm not in control of where it 's going and I do n't have both feet on the ground .
This is something I can only ever feel in China . "
Ma is allowed to return to China but with the proviso that he does not speak in public .
His books are banned there .
They were already banned and branded as " spiritual pollution " long before the Tiananmen crackdown : he had spent years travelling through remote parts of China adopting various identities to avoid police surveillance before he arrived at the tent city .
After the protests , he feared for his life and fled to Hong Kong .
Then , when censorship was ramped up after the 1997 handover , he moved to Germany .
A year later he decamped to London where he now lives with his wife , the translator Flora Drew , although he still speaks very little English .
Described by Nobel laureate Gao Xingjian as " one of the most important and courageous voices in Chinese literature " , he has written on many subjects during the past two decades but it was only recently that he felt able to draw on his experiences during spring 1989 .
The resulting novel , Beijing Coma - translated into English by Drew - was published last year to wide acclaim .
It tells the story of a man who lies in a coma for a decade after being shot in the events of 1989 , his mind racing while his country falls collectively into a stupor .
This , in Ma 's view , is what has happened in China over the past 20 years : despite the apparent loosening of restrictions , he feels he has witnessed the " stupefaction of a nation " .
" Although on the surface much seems to have changed the thought control still exists , " he says , over tea in a Kilburn cafe , " In essence nothing is different .
The Chinese people have grown a hard protective shell under which they hide their thoughts and ideas .
Since the Tiananmen protests the universities have become the most heavily policed parts of society .
They are now hotbeds of hyper nationalism and love of the party , " he says sadly .
Growing up in Quingdao , a sea port in south east China as a young Communist Party pioneer he was taken to watch public executions , saw his teacher beaten by classmates , and joined in book burnings .
" There was no space to form an objective critical attitude to what I was being fed , " he recalls .
It was only through working as a photojournalist in his twenties that he " gradually awoke to the fact that what was happening was wrong . "
Twenty years on , Ma still feels that the Tiananmen Protest was a triumph for the people and marked a sea change in the history of China .
" Differences in opinion about how things were done should not undermine the huge nobility of what occurred .
" With the crackdown , the government finally and totally lost their legitimacy .
They do n't even believe in themselves any more . "
" And the Chinese people showed they would sacrifice their lives in the name of freedom . "
Tom Templeton
• Beijing Coma by Ma Jian is published by Vintage .
' I sued the government over my detention '
Shao Jiang photographed at Westminster University , London .
Photograph : Richard Saker
Shao Jiang , 42 , is a PhD student in political science at Westminster University and runs a blog on Amnesty International 's website in support of human rights in China .
A key player in the protests , he was named on the notorious Most Wanted list and imprisoned repeatedly in China during the ten years following the Tiananmen crackdown .
Shao Jiang has devoted the last 20 years to honouring the lives of those who died in the protests of spring 1989 .
" My life does n't belong to me anymore , it belongs to them , " he says , referring to those who died in the bloody denouement of the 1989 protests .
He is a small man with cropped hair , oval spectacles and a ready sense of humour .
Perhaps as a result of the things he has witnessed he seems to see life as Kafkaesquely absurd and deadly serious at the same time .
He spent three months on the run following the massacre before being captured .
He then endured 18 months of interrogation in detention centres from Guangdong to Beijing .
" Like many students I did n't get beaten as badly as the workers , they were punished the worst . "
When he was finally released he knew exactly what to do with his new - found freedom .
" I sued the government over my detention , I wrote letters and essays and criticised the government 's failure to reform politically .
Too many people had died not to continue the struggle for political reform . "
Regularly jailed , placed under house arrest , and trailed when free , Shao was unable to get a job , as secret police leaned on potential employers .
They then tried to bribe him .
" They wanted to control me in any way they could , but I refused . "
Shao eventually escaped China , first to Sweden and then to London , though he will not discuss the route , just in case it causes trouble for those who helped him .
In 2003 , working in IT and researching a PhD in China 's underground publications , Shao heard that his mother had suffered a severe stroke .
He received a message from the Chinese police that he could return to visit her if he renounced his former actions .
" Of course I could n't do it , " he says , and smiles .
Shao 's participation in the Tiananmen Square protests began back in 1985 , a week after his arrival at Beijing University when he attended a debate headlined : " Why wo n't the government allow political reform ? "
It was the opening salvo in a four - year battle between students and government , including arrests , blacklisting , sham elections , marches and rallies .
At the same time Shao and his fellow students studied Locke , Montesquieu and Gandhi , the Prague Spring and Hungarian revolution , and Chinese thinkers Fang Lizhi , Wei Jingsheng and Hu Ping .
After Hu Yaobang 's death everyone headed to the Square .
" I thought we needed specific demands .
As we walked I wrote down a list and checked it with my fellow students .
When we got to the square we handed in and then shouted our demands at the Congress . "
By the time the army advanced Shao and his friend Liu Gang had spent five days trying to convince people to leave Tiananmen Square : " I felt the best long - term move was retreat .
I saw the army start shooting civilians .
We had never imagined anything like this .
To kill their own people , their own nationality .
I helped get some of the wounded onto tricycles , to be taken to hospital .
People shouted ' fascists ' , ' murderers ' – and were mown down .
" This guy wearing a white coat walked slowly towards the wounded saying to the soldiers , ' Do n't kill me , I 'm a doctor . '
They shot him dead .
It was truly terrible .
" Then the army said over loudspeakers that if people did n't leave by 7 am they would clear the square by any means necessary , so we got the hell out .
When I got back a friend said ' What happened to your T - shirt ? '
It had brains and blood on it .
I do n't know whose . "
Tom Templeton
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- A key U.S. Senate committee will hold a hearing on the military 's controversial " do n't ask , do n't tell " policy on gays and lesbians , according to Sen.
Kirsten Gillibrand , a New York Democrat .
A New York senator says the Senate Armed Services Committee will take up " do n't ask , do n't tell . "
The Senate Armed Services Committee will hold the hearing in the fall , she said in a written announcement .
A committee spokeswoman confirmed that there will be hearings but that no specific legislation is under consideration .
" Do n't ask , do n't tell " is the policy that prevents openly gay troops from serving in the U.S. military .
Former President Clinton instituted it in 1993 as a way of loosening restrictions on gay men and lesbians serving in the armed forces , but its opponents say it does not go far enough .
" ' Do n't ask , do n't tell ' is an unfair , outdated measure that violates the civil rights of some of our bravest , most heroic men and women , " Gillibrand said in her statement .
" By repealing this policy , we will increase America 's strength -- both militarily and morally . "
Rep. Patrick Murphy , an Iraq war veteran , urged Obama in early July to repeal " do n't ask , do n't tell . "
Murphy , D - Pennsylvania , appeared at an event with gay , lesbian and straight service members to launch a new initiative .
" We can not afford to wait any longer " for the policy 's repeal , Murphy said at the National Press Club in Washington .
" Now is the time to change this , when our military is stretched so thin " with wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
A " Voices of Honor " tour , sponsored by the Human Rights Campaign , will travel across the country , sharing stories of gay , lesbian and straight servicemen and - women in hopes of garnering support for the Military Readiness Enhancement Act , which would repeal the law that established the policy .
Nearly 13,000 service members have been discharged for their sexual orientation since 1993 , Gillibrand said .
Since President Obama took office , 287 service members have been discharged for being gay , according to the Servicemembers Legal Defense Network , which supports the repeal .
Obama has said he wants Congress to repeal the law , but gay rights groups have been angered that the president has not done more to hasten the change .
The hot - button issue has been a lightning rod for gay groups urging the Obama administration to push legislation to Congress or put in place a suspension of the program .
And it 's not just gay groups urging a change in policy , but former generals and top Defense Department officials .
Former Secretary of State Colin Powell has said that a review is needed .
" Sixteen years have now gone by , and I think a lot has changed with respect to attitudes within our country , and therefore I think this is a policy and a law that should be reviewed , " Powell has said .
The military 's top uniformed officer , Adm .
Mike Mullen , said in July that he is beginning to work with his staff on how a repeal would be implemented .
But he advised , with two wars ongoing , that the decision not be hurried .
" When I talk about looking at this in the future , we have a force that 's under extraordinary stress , and it's a force that , you know , should this occur , I think we need to implement in a way that is -- that recognizes the challenges and the stress that we 're under right now , " said the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
" But , if it does occur , when it does occur , you know , I 'll certainly lead it and carry it out . "
Defense Secretary Robert Gates recently said he is looking for ways to make the policy " more humane , " including letting people serve who may have been outed because of vengeance or a jilted lover .
The Pentagon is still looking at ways to " humanely " apply the law , spokesman Bryan Whitman said Monday .
Gates would " like to change that policy , but there 's legislation that impinges on that right now , " he said .
No concrete steps have been outlined as far as what a humane application of the law might mean for specific cases involving U.S. troops , Whitman said .
But there is plenty of opposition to the repeal .
In the spring , more than 1,000 retired officers signed a letter organized by Flag and General Officers for the Military urging Obama to uphold the law .
" We believe that imposing this burden on our men and women in uniform would undermine recruiting and retention , impact leadership at all levels , have adverse effects on the willingness of parents who lend their sons and daughters to military service , and eventually break the all - volunteer force , " the letter said .
CNN 's Ed Hornick , Adam Levine and Emily Sherman contributed to this report .
All About U.S. Armed Forces Activities • Human Rights Campaign • U.S. Senate Committee on Armed Services
Federal Communications Commission Chair Julius Genachowski told a Washington , DC newspaper on Tuesday that he 's going to defend consumers on the ' Net , come what may .
" One thing I would say so that there is no confusion out there is that this FCC will support net neutrality and will enforce any violation of net neutrality principles , " Genachowski pledged in an interview with The Hill .
And that would include keeping the Internet " free of increased user fees based on heavy Web traffic and slow downloads , " in the words of the two reporters with whom he spoke .
But however Genachowski interprets the policy , two large land masses are heading towards the Commission stance on this matter .
The first is the Internet Freedom Preservation Act of 2009 , introduced in the House of Representatives by Reps John Markey ( D - MA ) and Anna Eshoo ( D - CA ) in late July .
The bill would prohibit Internet service providers from doing anything that would " block , interfere with , discriminate against , impair , or degrade the ability of any person to use an Internet access service to access , use , send , post , receive , or offer any lawful content , application , or service through the Internet . "
This is the third time that Markey has tried to get something like this through Congress , submitting the concept in bill or amendment form in 2007 and 2008 .
The law would also require the FCC to set up rules to enforce these provisions , put together a complaint system by which consumers could alert the Commission to problems , and run eight public broadband summits across the United States within a year of the bill 's passage .
We 'll let you know
The Markey / Eshoo proposed law moves along lines similar to those recommended by FCC Commissioner Michael Copps , whose has called for an enforcement mechanism for the FCC 's four - part Internet Policy Statement , a " fifth principle , " if you will .
The Hill 's reporters asked Genachowski what he thought of Markey 's bill , and got a pretty noncommittal response .
" The FCC 's job for legislation like that is to be a resource , " he replied , " to make sure they have the facts and the data that they need . "
Queried whether he thought that the FCC presently had the " tools " to enforce net neutrality , the Chair said that " if we do n't , we will say so . "
Apropos of that , the second iceberg moving in the FCC 's general direction in this regard is Comcast .
The cable ISP is quite outspoken in its opinion that the agency , in fact , does n't have those tools , legally speaking .
In fact , as we 've reported , Comcast is suing the FCC in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit , arguing that the Commission all but enforced imaginary laws and rules when it sanctioned the company last summer for throttling peer - to - peer applications like BitTorrent .
The agency voted three to two to require Comcast to abandon its practices and come up with a new network management system by the end of the year .
" For the FCC to conclude that an entity has acted in violation of federal law and to take enforcement action for such a violation , there must have been ' law ' to violate , " Comcast 's Opening Brief to the court contends .
" Here , no such law existed . "
Expect a host of consumer groups to file briefs challenging this stance in late September and October .
The FCC will answer this charge as well , and its brief will more clearly reveal the nature of the legal tools the agency thinks it has at its disposal .
Code :
> Ok , it must be alot more difficult to port > than older id software games :(
Yes , it is .
The codebase is much , much larger , and the graphics technology pushes a lot of paths that are not usually optimized .
It probably would n't be all that bad to get it running on the nvidia binary drivers , but the chance of it working correctly and acceptably anywhere else would be small .
If you are restricted to it only working on the closed source drivers , you might as well boot into windows and get the fully tested and tuned experience ...
John Carmack
Vote Smart reports on performance evaluations from all special interest groups who provide them , regardless of issue or bias .
If you know of a group that provides ratings not included here , please contact us at ratings@votesmart.org .
Descriptions of organizations are derived from the mission statement or description produced by each organization .
Vote Smart does not evaluate or edit these descriptions .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
The percentage of U.S. homeowners who owe more than their house is worth will nearly double to 48 percent in 2011 from 26 percent at the end of March , portending another blow to the housing market , Deutsche Bank said on Wednesday .
A house is seen in Phoenix , Arizona June 2 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Joshua Lott
Home price declines will have their biggest impact on prime “ conforming ” loans that meet underwriting and size guidelines of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , the bank said in a report .
Prime conforming loans make up two - thirds of mortgages , and are typically less risky because of stringent requirements .
“ We project the next phase of the housing decline will have a far greater impact on prime borrowers , ” Deutsche analysts Karen Weaver and Ying Shen said in the report .
Of prime conforming loans , 41 percent will be “ underwater ” by the first quarter of 2011 , up from 16 percent at the end of the first quarter 2009 , it said .
Forty - six percent of prime jumbo loans will be larger than their properties ’ value , up from 29 percent , it said .
“ The impact of this is significant given that these markets have the largest share of the total mortgage market outstanding , ” the analysts said .
Prime jumbo loans make up 13 percent of the total market .
Deutsche ’s dire assessment comes amid a bolt of evidence in recent months that point to stabilization in the U.S. housing market after three years of price drops .
This week , the National Association of Realtors said pending home sales rose for a fifth straight month in June .
A widely watched index released in July showed home prices in May rose for the first time since 2006 .
Covering 100 U.S. metropolitan areas , Deutsche Bank in June forecast home prices would fall 14 percent through the first quarter of 2011 , for a total drop of 41.7 percent .
The drop in home prices is fueling a vicious cycle of foreclosures as it eliminates homeowner equity and gives borrowers an incentive to walk away from their mortgages .
The more severe the negative equity , the more likely are defaults , since many borrowers believe prices will not recover enough .
Homeowners with the riskiest mortgages taken out during the housing boom have seen the greatest erosion in equity , in part because they were “ affordability products ” originated at the housing peak , Deutsche said .
They include subprime loans , of which 69 percent will be underwater in 2011 , up from 50 percent in March , Deutsche said ,
Of option adjustable - rate mortgages -- which cut payments by allowing principal balances to rise -- 89 percent will be underwater in 2011 , up from 77 percent , the report said .
Regions suffering the worst negative equity are areas in California , Florida , Arizona , Nevada , Ohio , Michigan , Illinois , Wisconsin , Massachusetts and West Virginia .
Las Vegas and parts of Florida and California will see 90 percent or more of their loans underwater by 2011 , it added .
“ For many , the home has morphed from piggy bank to albatross , ” the analysts said .
Like Mickey Rourke in The Wrestler , Malkovich plays a star long past his glory days in The Great Buck Howard , but continuing to do the only thing he knows .
The tone of the two films could n't be less alike , but the story arc of the central characters graphs the same .
The problem with The Great Buck Howard is that McGinly gives us another key character - Troy Gable ( Colin Hanks ) , a would - be writer who drops out of law school to become Buck Howard 's road manager - cum - personal assistant .
( " You can toss my salad when you get back to the hotel , " the magician instructs his new hire . )
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
08/31/2009
Carrie-ing on : Prejean and her legal NOMinee head to court
by Jeremy Hooper
Attorney Charles LiMandri serves as the general counsel for the National Organization For Marriage .
He is also on record as calling same - sex unions " societal suicide " and saying that the " destruction of the concept of gender is perhaps Satan 's greatest accomplishment . "
So naturally , Mr. LiMandri is now representing former Miss California ( and NOM spokesmodel ) Carrie Prejean in her lawsuit against those big , bad gay activists who wanted her out :
RANCHO SANTA FE , CA - Carrie Prejean ’s attorney , Charles S. LiMandri announced today that the former Miss California USA is filing a complaint in the Superior Court of California against Miss California USA officials Keith Lewis and Shanna Moakler , and publicist Roger Neal .
The complaint cites damages to Miss Prejean including libel , public disclosure of private facts , religious discrimination , intentional infliction of emotional distress , and negligent infliction of emotional distress .
EXCLUSIVE : Carrie Prejean Takes Legal Action Against Miss California USA Officials [ Big Hollywood ]
So Carrie 's NOM 's connections continue , as she leaves her past beauty pageant days behind her in order to be a professional example of how to turn a wrong answer about wronging gays into some weird kind of conservative martyrdom .
And how did we find out about this latest development ?
Well , that would be from the Twitter feed of Mary Beth Hutchins , who also handles public relations for -- wait for it , wait for it -- the National Organization for Marriage .
It 's all connected , folks .
And it all wants to stop " Satan " from accomplishing his fair - minded goals .
*** MORE : LiMandri's far - rightiness is even greater than we knew .
Check out this Powerpoint that we obtained
Your thoughts
" .. saying that the ' destruction of the concept of gender is perhaps Satan 's greatest accomplishment . ' "
These guys need a new script .
It was n't five years ago that the collective brain - trust of the christotacracy were still spouting their claim that satan 's greatest accomplishment was in " convincing " ( as if entities that exist only as the mental farts of morons can actually engage in the act of convincing anyone of anything ) ... " convincing " people that he does n't exist .
So , that brilliant line of reasoning did n't work the first time , and now they are " hippin ' " it us a bit to use it to demonize us .
One would think that from a bunch that likes to consider themselves to be " creationists " , that they would try harder convince others that their " creator " is able to come up with better copy - or at least non-plagiarized , original copy .
Posted by : Dick Mills | Aug 31 , 2009 2:41:16 PM
The complaint cites damages to Miss Prejean including libel that she was wholeheartedly willing to inflict on gay families ( and still is ) , but is unwilling to accept from others against little ole her .
Religious discrimination is the biggest joke of all .
Progressive minds have finally begun to stand up to churches and their history of discrimination .
Now that the tables have turned , it is being called religious discrimination .
Wow !!!!
Churches have become the new victims overnight .
Traditional marriage ( between a man and a woman ) is traditional because the church has traditionally stepped all over the rights of minorities in this country including the African American community who was not allowed to marry into a white family for fear that God would destroy the earth .
Good grief !!!
This new religious victimhood is as fresh as a recently released pile of cow manure .
It will go nowhere fast !!!!
Posted by : chuck | Aug 31 , 2009 6:07:39 PM
The only thing more discouraging than Miss Prejean is the lawyer that swept this complaint up off of the floor , glued the nasty pieces together and called it a days work .
You can wipe the dirt off of this tacky suit , but you will never be able to get that false smell of victimhood out .
Posted by : rita | Aug 31 , 2009 6:38:21 PM
Let me get this straight ( no pun intended ) .
If you use religion as your source for discrimination it is called proselytizing .
If you use secular thought processes it is called libel , intentional and negligent infliction of emotional stress .
Let 's just twist logic and hope that no one will see our slight of hand .
Posted by : stephen | Aug 31 , 2009 6:50:58 PM
This has nothing at all to do with Miss Prejean and everything in the world to do with the slandering of any representative of the National Organization For Marriage which just so happens to be Miss Prejean .
Posted by : craig | Aug 31 , 2009 6:58:31 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Though they 're not talking speeds with these trials specifically , they 're confident in saying that everything 's in line for 7 - 12 M bps down and 3 - 5 M bps up at launch .
The trials are being conducted on commercial LTE base station hardware , but everything else is prototype ( and changing very rapidly ) .
The end - user equipment does n't currently resemble anything you 'd actually buy .
Data modems will be the priority at launch , which makes sense considering the amount of industry flux with regard to voice over LTE .
Though Verizon believes the solution will ultimately be some form of VoIP , there are several outstanding issues , including handling of 911 calls .
Everything in the trial so far leads Verizon to believe that they 're on track for a 30 - market launch in 2010 .
This does n't spell the end of EV - DO deployments -- far from it .
Melone says that upgrades could continue all the way through to the initial LTE launch and beyond .
Big Red 's flexing its 4G muscle today , announcing that it has successfully completed the first true tests on its nascent LTE network -- end - to - end data calls that presumably approximate real - world usage .
The action actually happened way back on July 15 in Seattle , while Boston just went down today -- the two markets where Verizon said it'd be running the first trials -- both on 700M Hz spectrum won not terribly long ago .
LG and Samsung provided the mysterious , unspecified " trial devices , " but do n't worry , Motorola fans -- Verizon says they 've got devices in the pipeline as well .
Both Seattle and Boston currently have ten LTE cell sites live as the carrier trudges toward a 2010 date with destiny when it 'll take " up to 30 " markets live , at which point EV - DO and HSPA will theoretically feel like trying to send packets via carrier pigeon .
Progress !
We just spoke with Verizon Wireless CTO Tony Melone to expand a bit on the trials .
Here are some of the key takeaways :
Here 's Blunt 's lie , first reported in the St. Louis Post - Dispatch , in their editorial of Aug. 17 :
" I'm 59 , " Mr. Blunt said last week during a meeting with Post - Dispatch reporters and editors .
" In either Canada or Great Britain , if I broke my hip , I could n't get it replaced . "
And Blunt told the same lie to his hometown paper , the Springfield News - Leader , according to their reprint today , Aug. 19 , of the St. Louis editorial , with this note added :
Editor 's note : U.S Rep .
Roy Blunt also made the same claim about hip surgery to editors and editorial advisory board members at the News - Leader during a recent interview .
Of course , Blunt 's claims about hip surgery were TOTAL LIES , as the St. Louis newspaper discovered when they checked Blunt 's claim .
Their editorial called Blunt out using cold hard facts :
We fact - checked that .
At least 63 percent of hip replacements performed in Canada last year and two - thirds of those done in England were on patients age 65 or older .
More than 1,200 in Canada were done on people older than 85 .
" I did n't just pull that number out of thin air , " Mr. Blunt said in a subsequent interview .
It came , he said , from testimony before the House Subcommittee on Health by " some people who are supposed to be experts on Canadian health care . "
" I had been given that example .
I was told that 59 is the cutoff , " he said .
Of course , even Blunt 's excuse is a lie .
I did a little extra work beyond the newspapers ' reporting , and checked the testimony and coverage of the House Subcommittee on Health 's hearings on healthcare reform .
There was no mention at all of Canada or Great Britain refusing hip surgery for 59 - year - olds .
Sheesh .
When caught in a lie , Roy just lied some more !
No , Roy , " some people who are supposed to be experts " did n't tell you that .
So yes , you did just pull that number out of thin air .
And the St. Louis paper reported more of Blunt 's ugly , obvious lies :
Mr. Blunt was asked how long an uninsured American would wait for a hip replacement .
" If they go to the emergency room , I think they can get that done , " he said .
The paper 's editorial quickly slapped down that whopper with more facts :
Emergency rooms do n't do hip replacements , which require both hospital care and weeks of rehabilitation .
They do emergency surgery , necessary to save a life .
Here 's what 's sad .
Roy Blunt was the GOP Whip .
He is the Republican Party 's lead guy on healthcare reform , the chairman of the House Republican Health Care Solutions Group .
He is supposedly writing the GOP version of a healthcare reform bill , which we will never see .
Blunt has facts and information he could use , if he wanted to .
Instead , he lies and lies and lies .
Not just to some poor constituent like me , who may call his office looking for information or help with a problem .
Not just to FireDogLake 's video guy , to whom Blunt said just last month ,
" What I do n't know is why the president can't produce a birth certificate .
I do n't know anybody else who can't produce one .
I think that 's a legitimate question . "
No , Roy Blunt lies even to the editorial boards of Missouri 's largest and third - largest newspapers while he 's campaigning for a Senate seat .
Here 's another one of Blunt 's lies to the St. Louis paper :
In the same interview , Mr. Blunt minimized the number of people without health insurance in part by maximizing the number who are illegal immigrants .
" Ten to 12 million of them are in the country illegally .
Everyone sort of agrees on that , " Mr. Blunt said .
And here 's the truth , ( thank God for the St. Louis paper ) :
In fact , the nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation puts the number of uninsured who are immigrants both legal and illegal at about 9 million .
Here 's the link to today 's editorial in the Springfield News - Leader , Roy 's hometown paper , reprinting the St. Louis paper 's editorial from earlier in the week .
Be sure to read the comments posted by Springfield readers .
Only a few are offering any support at all for Roy .
Most are pretty unhappy with him .
Good !
Springfield News - Leader editorial
" The ( un ) truth about health reform "
We have to stop this liar .
The Missouri Senate race is number one on FiveThirty Eight 's list of Senate rankings .
Blunt is hauling in money from his fatcat friends and his tobacco - lobbyist wife .
Please donate to his opponent , Robin Carnahan , if you can .
By Detector | 18 March 2009
Google recently released alpha version of Chromium – Linux version of Google Chrome .
The new Google browser is native Linux app and is build from scratch and at this development stage some important Windows features are n’t working in Linux version , like the tab and bookmarks bars and options menu , but nearly everything else is running fast and smooth .
We expect everything to work in early beta and final releases .
Becouse is in alpha stage is still hard to install for testing , so simplifying the install process will bring more valuable user feedback and bug report .
Ubuntu users can simply install it and test it with adding PPA launchpad repositories from Google Chrome development team .
1. Open System / Administration / Software Sources and add repositories line by line by your Ubuntu version :
For Ubuntu 9.04
deb http://ppa.launchpad.net/chromium-daily/ppa/ubuntu jaunty main
deb-src http://ppa.launchpad.net/chromium-daily/ppa/ubuntu jaunty main
For Ubuntu 8.10
deb http://ppa.launchpad.net/chromium-daily/ppa/ubuntu intrepid main
deb-src http://ppa.launchpad.net/chromium-daily/ppa/ubuntu intrepid main
For Ubuntu 8.04
deb http://ppa.launchpad.net/chromium-daily/ppa/ubuntu hardy main
deb-src http://ppa.launchpad.net/chromium-daily/ppa/ubuntu hardy main
2 . Next , open your terminal and enter :
sudo apt - get install chromium - browser
3 . After the package has finished installing , just type chromium - browser [ enter ] to start .
Tags | Browsers , Howto , Linux , Software , Tutorials , Ubuntu
The Independent Gaming Source : A community of independent game developers and players .
Barack Obama , accompanied by Budget Director Peter Orszag , left , and Deputy Budget Director Rob Nabors , speaks about the fiscal 2010 federal budget last spring .
Deficit projection grows by $ 2 trillion
The White House on Tuesday reiterated its projection “ that the recession will end in the second half of 2009 , ” and said President Barack Obama plans to take further steps to reduce the deficit in next year ’s budget .
The White House Office of Management and Budget ’s Mid-Session Review , an annual update between budgets , put the 10 - year deficit estimate at $ 9.051 trillion , up from the previously projected $ 7 trillion .
The administration had leaked the figure over the weekend .
Advertisement
“ More than half of the projected deficits over the next 10 years are directly attributable to the previous administration ’s failure to follow the pay - as - you - go principle , ” the White House said .
A background document says the administration “ is very concerned about these out - year deficits . ”
“ Getting the long - term deficit trajectory under control is a top priority of the administration , ” the document says .
“ We are in the midst of the policy process surrounding the FY 2011 budget , and that process will include proposals to put the nation on a fiscally sustainable path . ”
The administration said the forecast for the end of the recession “ is the consensus of private forecasters as well : 94 percent of those forecasters surveyed in the July Blue Chip Projection believe the recession will end at the end of the year . ”
“ While this is encouraging news , the president will not be pleased until we start creating more jobs than we ’re losing , get Americans back to work and build a new foundation for long - term economic growth , ” the administration said .
The document continued : “ The Mid-Session Review updates the administration ’s economic forecast and budget projections .
These new forecasts are based on new data that reflect how severe the economic downturn was in the late fall of 2008 and first half of this year .
Our economic assumptions are in line with other major forecasters that put out reports over the past few months , and our budget projections are in line with the March projections from the Congressional Budget Office .
“ These new numbers show how important it was to rescue the economy with aggressive action and invest in ways to get the economy moving again .
In fact , our efforts to stabilize the financial sector have meant that we do not need a placeholder for further financial stabilization efforts or make more FDIC payments to protect depositors at failed banks — which are the primary reason why the size of this year ’s deficit has fallen by almost $ 262 billion or about 1.7 percent of [ gross domestic product ] .
“ The 2009 deficit is now projected to be $ 1.58 trillion — or 11.2 percent of GDP — down from $ 1.841 trillion or 12.9 percent of GDP .
“ The out - year deficit numbers are larger than forecast in the February budget , primarily due to changes in economic assumptions .
In line with the current consensus among professional forecasters , the Administration ’s economic projections show that we have inherited a deeper recession than understood in February .
For example , in January 2009 , data at the time suggested that the economy in the third quarter of 2008 had declined by 0.5 percent .
Revised data now suggest it actually had declined by 2.7 percent .
“ Also , certain spending programs , such as unemployment insurance and food stamps , automatically increase and revenues automatically decline as a result of a deeper - than - expected recession .
Although this helps to ameliorate the economic downturn by stimulating demand , it also leads to higher medium - term deficits .
Over the next 10 years , these ‘ automatic stabilizers ’ and technical adjustments are projected to add $ 2 trillion to the deficits , relative to our last projection based on February ’s economic assumptions .
“ In addition , the failure of past administrations to follow PAYGO rules has had a direct effect on our fiscal situation .
If we had abided by this approach during the previous Administration , the projected 10 - year deficit would be $ 5 trillion smaller .
In other words , more than half of the projected deficits over the next 10 years are directly attributable to the previous Administration ’s failure to follow the pay - as - you - go principle .
“ This brings the total 10 - year deficit from 2010 to 2019 to $ 9.051 trillion — in line with CBO ’s June projection .
The out - year deficits hover in the range of 4 percent of GDP , which is higher than desirable .
It is worth noting , however , that by 2019 , the difference between non-interest spending and revenue , which is also known as the ' primary deficit , ' is only 0.6 percent of GDP .
Interest payments , which almost entirely represent the cost of the debt accumulated by past administrations and the need to run short - run deficits to help the economy recover from the worst downturn since the Great Depression , are 3.4 percent of GDP by 2019 . ”
Illustration by Claudio Munoz
VISITORS to Palermo , a well - heeled neighbourhood of Buenos Aires , are used to having their hair primped to perfection and their body fat measured .
That goes both for the humans who frequent the trendy boutiques and spas and for the prize Aberdeen Angus cows that arrive at the agricultural show held there every July .
This year , the visiting ranchers are preoccupied by the beef industry 's informal pessimism index — the share of young cows that farmers slaughter for meat rather than keep for breeding .
It has recently hit a three - decade high , owing to recession , drought and government price - controls .
To add culinary insult to economic injury , vegetarianism is spreading in Argentina .
In the world 's most carnivorous country , vegetarians used to be a tiny band of masochists .
But when the economy collapsed in 2002 , a recently formed Argentine Vegetarian Union gained members , and veggie restaurants sprouted .
The main reason is cost .
Vegetarian restaurants have lower overheads since they do n't need freezers , says Marisa Ledesma , one of the owners of Bio Restaurante , a smart eatery .
Now the economy is in recession once again .
That seems to have led more omnivores to abandon meat , says Roberto Moyano , the manager of La Esquina de las Flores , the capital 's oldest vegetarian restaurant .
And as they munch soya steaks , diners relish new evidence of the health benefits of eating less red meat .
This year , the industry reckons , the average Argentine will get through 57 kilos of beef .
That is down from 68 kilos last year , but it still means many more asados than the 41 kilos scoffed by Uruguayans , the world 's second - biggest beef - eaters .
Barrel - bellied carnivores are still the norm , and vegetarianism remains an isolated gesture of gastronomic defiance .
Your correspondent recently came across a note scribbled on a paper napkin in a Palermo café which read : “ In Argentina vegetarians are for eating . ”
Click here for videos , quick guides , and resources to help students and families this fall during digital learning and as we transition to in - person instruction .
Hard to find good workers in S.F .
Michael Gardner , President and CEO of Siegels ( left ) talks with customer Craig Settles of Los Angeles , at Siegel 's in San Francisco , Calif. on Wednesday , June 17 , 2009 .
Michael Gardner , President and CEO of Siegels ( left ) talks with customer Craig Settles of Los Angeles , at Siegel 's in San Francisco , Calif. on Wednesday , June 17 , 2009 .
Photo : Lea Suzuki , The Chronicle Photo : Lea Suzuki , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Hard to find good workers in S.F. 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
If this is the worst economic downturn in 60 years , why ca n't Michael Gardner find anyone to hire ?
Gardner , who has run Siegel 's Clothing Superstore on Mission for 34 years , says he gets job applications , but they come with conditions .
Some applicants only want to be paid under the table .
Some say they do n't have the time to come in for an interview .
And some tell Gardner they have " things to do . "
" I go out on Friday nights , " one told him .
" So I ca n't come in before 2 p.m. on Saturday . "
Those in retail say that attitude can be typical of job seekers in sales .
Many are looking at the job as a brief stop in their career and are n't invested in the business .
But that 's not what fries Gardner .
What gets him is that he 's found an eager , enthusiastic group that would love to have a job .
But he can't hire them because they are undocumented immigrants .
" Some people I would really , really like to hire , " Gardner said .
" They come in here with great personalities ; they 're on time , ready to go .
They say , ' If you need me to work until 8 on a Friday night , I 'll do it . ' "
If you 'd like to see an example of the cockeyed laws on the employment of immigrant workers , I 'd suggest you stop by Gardner 's store .
In April , Citizen and Immigration Services implemented a stricter Employment Eligibility Verification form for employers .
Businesses that hire undocumented workers face fines that could reach $ 2,000 per worker for a first offense and could climb as high as $ 11,000 .
Mission District employment attorney Shirley Wang says the law is working against the economic reality .
" With the federal laws cracking down on employers , you 've created an impediment to what is otherwise a group of hard - working people who could really contribute , " Wang said .
" It could be a win -win . "
Supervisor David Campos not only represents Gardner 's district , he came to the United States as an undocumented immigrant who spoke only Spanish .
Immigration law reform
" This just points to the need for real immigration law reform , " Campos said .
" The longer the federal government waits , the more it exacerbates the burden on small businesses . "
There is some hope .
Last month Sen. Dianne Feinstein introduced the AgJOBS bill , which would identify and grant employment rights to undocumented workers in the agriculture industry .
With bipartisan support , the bill may be a strong first step .
However , it has run into snags before .
For someone like Gardner , however , help is a long way away .
He freely admits that his business model - long - term employees who settle in and become fixtures at the store for years and years - is old - fashioned .
Custom - made zoot suits
But the funny thing is Gardner 's business is thriving by using the Internet .
A few years ago , when business began to slump , Gardner 's tailor suggested that they create custom zoot suits .
The baggy , flamboyant outfits found a niche market .
" Nobody else was doing it , " Gardner said , " and we became famous . "
He 's filled orders for swing bands , theater companies putting on shows set in the '30s and ' 40s , and specialty acts .
In the last few years , Siegel 's has sold to TV's " Dancing With the Stars , " a London theater group , and pop star David Bowie , who is one of several celebrities who has stopped in for stage costumes .
It is n't as if job seekers would be joining a mom-and - pop operation with a dusty inventory .
Gardner admits no one will get rich at the job - estimating income at $ 25,000 to $ 30,000 a year - but he pays half of a very good medical plan , there are paid vacations , and a chance to move up .
To someone looking to earn a little cash before deciding whether to give graduate school a try , that might not sound very appealing .
' Loyalty and commitment '
" But for someone coming into the country , " said Campos , who says he once rented a tuxedo at Siegel 's , " to find a job where the owner treats you well and there 's medical , it creates a sense of loyalty and commitment . "
Chances are you wo n't see that at other stores in the neighborhood .
Johanna Bialkin , who owns the Aldea Home store near Siegel 's , says employees usually stay eight months to a year .
' Hard to expect more '
" In this day and age , I think it is kind of hard to expect more of people , " she said .
Gardner does .
He also wants people who do n't balk at cleaning and dusting , folding shirts and packing cartons .
And he 's finding that the response from job seekers who do n't want a job like that .
But the undocumented immigrants do .
Wang says that 's the answer to those who complain that undocumented immigrants are taking jobs from citizens .
" In San Francisco we are approaching 10 percent unemployment " ( it has gone between 8.8 and 9.0 in the last few months ) , she said .
" And he 's not getting enough applicants .
Does n't that defeat the argument ? "
The Orbis is only half as big as the Segway that spawned it , but do n't let that fool you .
The thing 's easily twice as cool , especially if you happen to be Woz playing Segway polo .
Advertisement
I mean come on .
Facts are facts .
Smaller footprint .
Easier maneuverability in the tight spots .
Folds down for easy storage in the closet when that hot date comes over for a digestif .
Brisk 13 mph top speed .
Completely portable .
Battery powered .
This is assuming , of course , you give two shits about the Segway to begin with .
Negatives ?
Blatantly obvious balance issues abound , sure , but the designers can work those our with Woz 's money help , right ?
Otherwise what 's stopping you from falling like a tree when you come to a standstill ?
Advertisement
Too bad it 's just a concept at the moment ; a mere whiff of a hipster 's passing dream .
This will change though .
Segway culture demands it be so .
[ James Dyson Award via Design Blog ]
The Home Office said today it remained confident that the national identity card cannot be hacked , or cloned , or that information it contains can be changed or added to .
The Home Office was responding to reports yesterday that it took a computer expert 12 minutes to hack the card using nothing more than a mobile phone and a laptop .
A Home Office spokesperson said , " This story is rubbish .
We are satisfied the personal data on the chip cannot be changed or modified and there is no evidence this has happened .
See also : UK national ID card cloned in 12 minutes
" The identity card includes a number of design and security features that are extremely difficult to replicate .
Furthermore , the card readers we will deploy will undertake chip authentication checks that the card produced will not pass .
" We remain confident that the identity card is one of the most secure of its kind , fully meeting rigorous international standards " .
The Home Office said that it is using RSA encryption technologies to protect the sensitive data on the card elliptic curve encryption to prevent the card from being cloned .
The Home Office is using root certificate with a RSA 4096 - bit strength key .
A root certificate is either an unsigned public key certificate or a self - signed certificate that identifies the root certificate authority ( CA ) .
According to Wikipedia , as of 2008 , the largest ( known ) number factored by a general - purpose factoring algorithm was 663 bits long .
Some experts believe that 1024 - bit keys may become breakable in the near term , but few see any way that 4096 - bit keys could be broken in the foreseeable future .
To protect the chip the Home Office uses public and private key encryption based on a 256 - bit elliptic curve .
Experts believe it takes longer to break codes encrypted using an elliptic curve than an equivalent length factor - based code such as RSA .
This has made public key cryptosystems based on elliptic curves popular since their invention in the mid-1990s .
The data that describes the fingerprint image is also protected by a 256 - bit elliptic curve .
Before the chip releases this data , the reader must present to the chip a very recently issued digital certificate issued by the card issuer .
The certificate guarantees the identity of the owner of the public key used to encrypt the data .
The digital certificates are valid from one day to one month , it said .
A spokesman said the Identity and Passport Service had adopted the European Union extended access control protocol ( EAC ) for second generation biometric documents such as passports .
" The protocol is being implemented this year by EU member states for their second generation biometric documents , " he said .
The spokesman said that at no stage was the card dependent on SSL ( Secure Socket Layer ) technology .
At the recent Black Hat conference there were several demonstrations of how SSL , the world 's most widely - used encryption system , could be hacked .
This page has moved to our new address , www.thesartorialist.com.
If you 're not redirected within a few seconds , please click below .
If you still have issues , please clear your cache and try again .
Friends fan ' hallucinates ' as he watches every episode ever made in record - breaking
84 - hour TV marathon
A budding actor watched every episode of TV sitcom Friends back to back - and stayed awake for 84 hours .
Steve Misiura sat through all 238 episodes of the American comedy and smashed the existing world record of 72 hours for watching TV non -stop .
He said : ' I love Friends , but this did indeed hurt .
At around 72 hours I wanted to die . '
Could I BE any more tired ?
Steve Misiura after 71 hours and nearing the end of the marathon - and Chandler has lied to Joey about being in Tulsa
The 31 - year - old suffered nausea , stomach cramps and hallucinations during the sponsored Friends - a - thon , which will help pay his fees for acting school .
' I started hallucinating , ' he said .
' I was saying to my friend , " What 's happening to this room ?
The wall keeps disappearing . "
' I was also getting quite delirious and not knowing what I was doing , but it helped that every hour I was updating my photo log . '
As well as posting photos on his website , he kept a log of the cameo appearances in the show by Brad Pitt , then Jennifer Aniston 's husband , Bruce Willis , Jennifer Saunders and Jean Claude Van Damme .
I 'll be there for you : Die -hard fan Steve watched all 238 episodes of Friends .
The series had ten seasons and made actors like Jennifer Aniston household names
Steve invited friends to join him at his flat in Brixton , south London , at different stages of his marathon effort , ate apples to ward off fatigue and set alarms every five minutes to keep him awake .
After 41 hours , the first signs of a real struggle set in .
He wrote on his log : ' Heartburn , dermatitis on hands , mad twitches and heavy eyes … .
I 'd like to go to bed but have another 50 hours to watch . '
At 67 hours he said : ' Near the end of season 8 … Rach is being evil to Ross , Joey is being evil to Chandler , I might be evil to Gaz and Mus [ his friends ] …
I should be hating this by now , but I love it .
Has dementia set in ? '
13 hours in : Steve is joined by a friend as Monica and Richard split up
25 hours : Will Ross choose Rachel or Bonnie down at the beach ?
47 hours : Rachel tells Phoebe her Pottery Barn table is an antique
59 hours : Everyone is trying to guess who is pregnant
By 77 hours , he had only the strength to mention how many hours he had been watching and by the 81st he said ' I 'm delirious and Phoebe is getting married . '
He eventually finished the 83 hour and 40 minute session at 5.40 pm on Monday .
During his attempt Guinness World Records advised him to take a break of five minutes every hour and fifteen minutes every eight hours - but Mr Misiura took a rest only every 16 hours to get through the challenge more quickly .
He has been sponsored by Wendy Craig , who plays Matron in The Royal , Likely Lads actor James Bolam and actress Natalie Dormer , who starred as Anne Bolyen in The Tudors .
He has raised £ 1,500 towards his £ 7,000 acting course at London ’s Central School of Speech and Drama this autumn and is waiting for Guinness World Records to rule on his claim .
How you doing ?
80 hours in and Steve started to have hallucinations as Mike and Phoebe were planning their wedding
A great white shark about 6 feet long and 150 pounds was caught by a fly fisherman off La Jolla last week .
It 's believed to be the first great white taken off the California coast using a fly rod and reel .
Jeff Patterson , director of sales for reel manufacturer Abel Automatics , was testing company products about five miles offshore when the white shark hit .
" The grab was instantaneous , and the shark cooperated with a quick left turn to allow the proper hook set , " said Patterson .
The fight lasted about 25 minutes .
Patterson thought it was a mako shark until he got it close enough to the boat and skipper Conway Bowman identified it as a great white .
It is not legal in California to take great white sharks , which have been protected in all state waters since Jan. 1 , 1994 .
" Anglers cannot target great whites , and if caught accidentally while fishing for something else you have to immediately release them , " Department of Fish and Game marine biologist Carrie Wilson said .
Patterson released the shark after taking the picture shown here .
-- Kelly Burgess
Photo courtesy of Jeff Patterson
Note :
To follow this blog on Twitter , visit @latimesoutposts.com
It is possible to successfully fend off a zombie attack , according to Canadian mathematicians .
The key is to " hit hard and hit often . "
Oh yes , somebody actually did a study on mathematics of a hypothetical zombie attack , and published it in a book on infectious disease .
So , while we still do n't know what to do if a deadly asteroid takes aim at Earth , an unlikely but technically possible situation , we now know what to do in case of a zombie attack .
" An outbreak of zombies is likely to be disastrous , unless extremely aggressive tactics are employed against the undead , " the authors wrote .
" It is imperative that zombies are dealt with quickly , or else we are all in a great deal of trouble . "
Having spent a fair amount of time mixing science with beer in the wee hours while trying to finish a thesis , I 'm guessing that at some point , a graduate student who had spent far too many hours tweaking a mathematical model of infectious disease in the basement of a Canadian university said something like this : " What would happen if we made it so they could come back to life ? "
This was followed by the other math students in the basement gathering around the computer , happily creating a plausible model for the outbreak of infectious zombie disease , and then brainstorming on how to make their model relevant .
" Clearly , this is an unlikely scenario if taken literally , " they wrote .
" But possible real - life applications may include allegiance to political parties , or diseases with a dormant infection . "
Right .
Anyway , the model focuses on modern zombies , which are " very different from the voodoo and the folklore zombies . "
It takes into account the possibility of quarantine ( could lead to eradication , but unlikely to happen ) and treatment ( some humans survive , but they still must coexist with zombies ) , but shows that there is only one strategy likely to succeed : " impulsive eradication . "
" Only sufficiently frequent attacks , with increasing force , will result in eradication , assuming the available resources can be mustered in time , " they concluded .
And if we do n't act fast enough ?
" If the timescale of the outbreak increases , then the result is the doomsday scenario : an outbreak of zombies will result in the collapse of civilization , with every human infected , or dead , " they wrote .
" This is because human births and deaths will provide the undead with a limitless supply of new bodies to infect , resurrect and convert . "
How fast do we need to deal with the outbreak ?
Here 's the equation they used , where S = susceptibles , Z = zombies and R = removed .
If an infection breaks out in a city of 500,000 people , the zombies will outnumber the susceptibles in about three days .
The real lesson to be learned here ?
Maybe being a mathematician would n't be so bad , after all .
UPDATE : One of the authors wrote in to clarify that though most of the authors are students as I had guessed , he is a professor in the Department of Mathematics and Faculty of Medicine at the University of Ottawa .
And he spells his name Robert J. Smith ?
with the question mark on the end , as reflected in the corrected citation below .
Citation : " When Zombies Attack ! : Mathematical Modelling of an Outbreak of Zombie Infection , " [ pdf ] by Philip Munz , Ioan Hudea , Joe Imad and Robert J , Smith ?.
In " Infectious Disease Modelling Research Progress , " eds. J.M. Tchuenche and C. Chiyaka , Nova Science Publishers , Inc. pp. 133-150 , 2009 .
Image : Mark Lobo Photography
It 's Been 40 Years Since a Half - Billion People Worldwide Watched the Ghostly Black - and - White TV Images of Astronauts Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin Walk on the Moon -- But Would This Remarkable Milestone in Human History Have Happened Had There Been No Cold War With the Soviet Union ?
The ghostly black - and - white TV images were downright poor , even by 1969 standards , but for half a billion people watching live worldwide -- at that time the largest TV audience in history -- it did n't matter .
It was a moment that gave Earthlings goosebumps .
In these now - iconic still photos ( left to right ) , Apollo 11 astronaut Edwin " Buzz " Aldrin climbs down from the lunar excursion module Eagle toward the lunar surface ; Aldrin poses for fellow astronaut Neil Armstrong 's camera as Armstrong is reflected on Aldrin 's face shield ; the first human footprint on the Moon left by Armstrong as he stepped off the Eagle .
But would the mission had taken place had there been no space race with the Soviet Union as part of the Cold War ?
( Photo montage courtesy National Air and Space Museum )
( Posted 5:00 a.m. EDT Thursday , July 16 , 2009 )
NOTE TO READERS :
This is the second of a three - part monthly series commemorating the 40th anniversary of the most momentous events of the summer of 1969 .
With this issue , The ' Skeeter Bites Report is going on its annual two - week summer hiatus while I go on vacation .
It will resume on Monday , August 3 .
By SKEETER SANDERS
Here 's a question that , if you 're an American over 50 years of age , you no doubt will be asked in the next few days -- that is , if you have n't been asked it already :
" Where were you on July 20 , 1969 ? "
It is one of several " Where were you ? " dates that is permanently etched into the memories of millions of Americans :
The day 40 years ago when Apollo 11 astronaut Neil Armstrong climbed out of the lunar excursion module Eagle , stepped one foot onto the surface of the Moon and uttered those now - immortal words : " It 's one small step for man , one giant leap for mankind . "
Never mind the fact that there was an additional word -- " a " -- that Armstrong 's microphone failed to pick up .
Half an hour later , fellow astronaut Edwin " Buzz " Aldrin joined him , describing the view of the moonscape as " Magnificent desolation . "
----------------------------------------------
REMEMBERING THE SUMMER OF '69
Part II of a Three - Part Monthly Series
----------------------------------------------
There were at least a half - billion people worldwide glued to their television sets -- the largest TV audience in history at the time -- who waited for six solid hours after Armstrong told mission control in Houston the news that President John F. Kennedy had set in motion in 1961 but tragically did not live to see : " Houston , Tranquility Base here .
The Eagle has landed . "
For the first time , human beings from the planet Earth had set foot on extraterrestrial soil .
Who among the millions , especially children , who watched the ghostly , black - and - white TV images of Armstrong and Aldrin planting the American flag on the Sea of Tranquility -- a misnomer , as the Moon 's surface is completely devoid of water -- and scooping up samples of lunar rocks not feel a sense of awe and wonder at the sight ?
Then there was the sight of Armstrong and Aldrin taking a congratulatory telephone call from President Richard Nixon -- to this day the longest long - distance phone call in history -- and later of Aldrin , while testing methods for moving about in the much - lighter lunar gravity , taking several two - footed " kangaroo hops , " as he called them .
Looking back 40 years , the technology employed to pull off the Apollo 11 mission looks downright primitive when compared to today 's soon - to - be- retired space shuttle fleet -- akin to the Wright Brothers ' aircraft they flew in 1903 when compared to today 's jumbo jets .
The television images were of terrible quality , even by 1969 standards .
That 's because the lunar lander was equipped with a slow - scan television camera incompatible with commercial TV .
Consequently , the images were displayed on a special monitor aboard the LEM and a conventional TV camera was trained on the monitor , significantly losing video quality in the transmission process and producing the ghostly black - and - white images that held millions of viewers spellbound for hours .
And while the Apollo 11 mission appeared to most of the world who followed it as it unfolded to be a flawless success , it was n't until decades later that the world learned just how dangerous it really was .
SPACECRAFT LANDED MILES FROM TARGET , WITH LITTLE FUEL TO SPARE
For starters , the lunar module Eagle had landed miles from the target landing spot , due to incorrect readings by the module 's on - board navigation and guidance computer .
And the descent from the orbiting command module Columbia -- where astronaut Michael Collins remained aboard -- took longer than expected , making controllers at the Johnson Space Center in Houston extremely nervous .
By the time Eagle finally landed , it had only 25 seconds of fuel remaining .
Responding to Armstrong 's announcement of the Eagle 's landing , a flustered but clearly relieved Charles Duke , the acting capsule communicator at mission control in Houston , relayed to Armstrong : " Roger , Twank ... Tranquility , we copy you on the ground .
You got a bunch of guys about to turn blue here .
We 're breathing again .
Thanks a lot ! "
Another anxious moment came in the hours before the astronauts were to lift off from the Moon and return to the orbiting Columbia command module .
While moving in the cabin of the Eagle , Aldrin accidentally broke a circuit breaker that controlled a switch that activated the Eagle 's main engine for lift - off .
There was concern at mission control that this would prevent firing the engine , which would have left the astronauts stranded on the Moon .
Fortunately , the use of -- of all things -- a felt - tip pen was sufficient to activate the switch .
Had this not worked , the Eagle 's circuitry could have been reconfigured to allow firing the Eagle 's main engine .
MISSION MOTIVATED BY 'SPACE RACE ' WITH THE SOVIET UNION
Yet as momentous as the Apollo 11 mission was from the standpoint of human endeavor , it is impossible , on its 40th anniversary , to look back on it without recognizing the fact that Apollo 11 -- indeed , the entire American manned space program up to that point -- had more to do with the Cold War with the Soviet Union than it did with science and exploration .
The Apollo program was conceived early in 1960 , during the final year of the Eisenhower administration , as a follow - up to America 's Mercury program .
While the Mercury capsule could support only one astronaut on a limited Earth orbital mission , the Apollo spacecraft was to be able to carry three astronauts on a circumlunar flight and perhaps even on a lunar landing .
Project Apollo was named after the Greek god of light and music by NASA manager Abe Silverstein , who later said that " I was naming the spacecraft like I 'd name my baby . "
While NASA went ahead with planning for Apollo , funding for the program was far from certain , particularly given Eisenhower 's equivocal attitude to manned spaceflight .
But in November 1960 , Kennedy was elected president after a campaign that promised American superiority over the Soviet Union in the fields of space exploration and missile defense .
Having been shocked by the Soviets ' successful launch of its Sputnik satellite in 1957 and frustrated by several spectacular mechanical failures until the launch of the Explorer I satellite in 1958 , America was in no mood to accept second - best .
Using space exploration as a symbol of national prestige , Kennedy warned of a " missile gap " between the two nations , pledging to make the U.S. not " first but , first and , first if , but first period ! "
Despite Kennedy 's rhetoric , however , he did not immediately come to a decision on the status of the Apollo program once he was elected .
He knew little about the technical details of the space program , and was put off by the massive financial commitment required by a manned lunar landing .
When NASA Administrator James Webb requested a thirty percent budget increase for his agency , Kennedy supported an acceleration of NASA 's large booster program but deferred a decision on the broader issue .
SPACE FLIGHT OF YURI GAGARIN REALLY SPOOKED AMERICA
On April 12 , 1961 , Soviet cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin became the first person to fly in space , reinforcing American fears about being left behind in a technological competition with the Soviets .
At a meeting of the U.S. House Committee on Science and Astronautics held only a day after Gagarin 's flight , many members of Congress pledged their support for a crash program aimed at ensuring that America would catch up .
Kennedy , however , was circumspect in his response to the news , refusing to make a commitment on America 's response to the Soviets .
On April 20 , Kennedy sent a memo to Vice President Lyndon Johnson , asking Johnson to look into the status of America 's space program , and into programs that could offer NASA the opportunity to catch up to the Soviets .
Johnson responded the following day , concluding that " we are neither making maximum effort nor achieving results necessary if this country is to reach a position of leadership . "
His memo concluded that a manned moon landing was far enough in the future to make it possible that the United States could achieve it first .
And so on May 25 , 1961 , in an address to a joint session of Congress , Kennedy forcefully declared " that this nation should commit itself to achieving the goal , before this decade is out , of landing a man on the Moon and returning him safely to the Earth . "
' MOMENTOUS ACHIEVEMENT ' NOT LIKELY WITHOUT MOTIVATION OF COLD WAR
Most historians agree that had there not been the Cold War between the Soviet Union and the United States , the " space race " between the two countries to the moon might never have happened .
In author Craig Nelson 's newly - published book on the space race , Rocket Men : The Epic Story of the First Men on the Moon , while Kennedy was credited as the driving force behind the U.S. effort to put a man on the Moon , the president had originally envisioned the exploration of space as a multinational effort .
It was only after Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev turned down Kennedy 's invitation to make the lunar landing program a joint effort that Kennedy decided that the United States had to go it alone , Nelson writes .
Long before Kennedy took office as president , Johnson was already pushing hard for the U.S. to beat the Soviets to the Moon , according to Nelson .
While he was still a U.S. senator , Johnson told his colleagues in 1959 , " I 'll be damned if I sleep by the light of a Red Moon ... soon they will be dropping bombs on us from space like kids dropping rocks on the cars from freeway overpasses ! "
After Kennedy made him the administration 's point man on the space program , Johnson pushed Congress hard for NASA funding , Nelson writes .
When pressed by members of Congress to justify the multi-billion - dollar expense , Johnson shot back , " Would you rather have us be a second - rate nation , or should we spend a little money ? "
AMONG ITEMS LEFT ON MOON : A MEMORIAL TO ASTRONAUTS , COSMONAUTS KILLED
Yet ironically , among the many mementos of the Apollo 11 mission that the astronauts left behind on the Moon -- including a commemorative plaque mounted on the base of the Eagle -- is a memorial to the three American astronauts and two Soviet cosmonauts who had lost their lives while on duty up to that time .
Apollo 1 astronauts Virgil " Gus " Grissom , Eugene White and Roger Chafee were killed on January 27 , 1967 when a fire broke out aboard the spacecraft 's command module during a training exercise on the launching pad at the Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral .
All three astronauts were trapped inside the burning capsule .
Three months later , on April 24 , Soviet cosmonaut Vladimir Komarov was killed when his spacecraft , Soyuz 1 , lost power during re-entry into Earth 's atmosphere , causing a catastrophic systems failure , including the deployment of the spacecraft 's parachutes and it crashed .
But the greatest blow to the Soviet space program was the death of Gagarin , whose history - making flight as the first man to travel into space made him not only a national hero in the Soviet Union , but also a huge international celebrity .
A fighter pilot by training before he became a cosmonaut , Gagarin was killed on March 27 , 1968 when a MiG - 15 he was flying during a routine training flight suddenly hit severe turbulence , went out of control and crashed .
That Gagarin and Komarov would be honored by American astronauts -- a memorial plaque to Gagarin on behalf of " The Astronauts of the Untied States of America " was presented to the Soviet Space Agency in 1971 -- is a testament to the common humanity of us all .
WHERE ARE THE APOLLO 11 ASTRONAUTS NOW ?
Although it 's been 40 years after he became the first man to set foot on the Moon , do n't expect Armstrong to do much celebrating of his milestone achievement in public .
Armstrong , now 78 , has always been a very shy man who zealously guards his privacy and has repeatedly turned down requests for interviews .
Armstrong is scheduled to appear on Sunday night at an event at the Smithsonian 's National Air and Space Museum in Washington , where he is expected to give a 15 - minute lecture , but is unlikely to answer questions from reporters .
His last public appearance was in 2004 , on the 35th anniversary of the moon landing , when he and his Apollo 11 crewmates received the Presidential Medal of Freedom from then - President George W. Bush at the White House .
Aldrin , now 79 , has promoted space exploration for decades after he retired from NASA in 1972 , including producing a computer strategy game called " Buzz Aldrin 's Race into Space " in 1992 .
As part of the 40th anniversary festivities , Aldrin teamed up with music producer Quincy Jones and rappers Snoop Dogg , Talib Kweli , and Soulja Boy to create a rap single and video , " Rocket Experience . "
Proceeds from video and song sales will benefit Aldrin 's non-profit foundation , ShareSpace .
Collins , now 78 , retired from NASA in 1970 and took a job in the State Department as assistant secretary for public affairs .
A year later , he became the director of the National Air and Space Museum .
He held this position until 1978 , when he stepped down to become undersecretary of the Smithsonian Institution .
In 1980 , Collins took the job as vice president of LTV Aerospace .
He resigned in 1985 to start his own business .
# # #
COMING AUGUST 13 -- Part III : A trip " back to the garden " -- the Woodstock Music Festival .
# # #
Volume IV , Number 56
Copyright 2009 , Skeeter Sanders .
All rights reserved .
( CNN ) -- Venezuelan Stefania Fernandez was named Miss Universe 2009 , beating out more than 80 other contestants during a pageant held Sunday night in Nassau , Bahamas .
Venezuelan Stefania Fernandez was named Miss Universe 2009 on Sunday night .
The 18 - year - old was crowned by another Venezuelan , Dayana Mendoza , Miss Universe 2008 , marking the first time that two contestants from the same country have won the title in consecutive years .
As Miss Universe , Fernandez will have the use of a New York City apartment for the year of her reign , and will receive living expenses .
Other prizes include a two - year scholarship at the New York Film Academy ; a vacation for two in the Bahamas ; and a wardrobe , including evening wear , swimsuits and jewelry .
The competition involves swimsuit , evening gown and interview phases , which a 12 - member panel judged .
Miss Dominican Republic , Ada Aimee De La Cruz , was named first runner - up and would assume Fernandez 's duties if she could n't complete her term .
All About Bahamas • New York City
2008-02-22
Posted February 22 , 2008 at 12:00 am
Hey folks , thought I 'd link to this .
Readers of this blog will see echoes of the Dave Kelly / Todd Goldman thing , and rightfully so .
This is more or less exactly the same .
A large company working through freelancers printed a shirt with a design ostensibly ripped off of a webcartoonist .
I had a long rant about what I think about this sort of merch , and whether or not it 's worth getting upset about , but then I realized nobody ( myself included ) cares .
I feel I ought to show it out of some sense of solidarity , but I do n't honestly have terribly strong feelings one way or the other .
MORE IMPORTANTLY !
I got the best email ever the other day : Sounds awesome !
Go go go !
We accept euros : More and more places in the UK will accept the currency
By Marie Jackson
BBC News
For anyone wondering what to do with a couple of 20 euro notes stuffed in their sock drawer and no holiday in sight on the Continent , there may be a simple answer - spend them in the UK .
From the south coast of England to a Birmingham nightclub and a major high street retailer to Edinburgh 's Royal Mile , substantial numbers are saying yes to the euro .
Quite where this trend began is in dispute .
Dunster , a medieval village in Exmoor , lays claim to being the first place in Britain to accept euros on a par with the pound - not a bad deal with the exchange rate hovering around 85 p to a euro .
" There are no banks in the village , no bureau de change - I think we 're giving them a service , " says Antony Brunt , Dunster hotel owner and chairman of Exmoor Tourism Association .
Some economists may call Dunster 's retailers foolish but what villagers have done is regarded by others as savvy marketing .
WHERE TO SPLASH YOUR EUROS Dunster , Somerset : Made a name for itself with a 1 Euro= £ 1 rate Bournemouth and Poole : 50 outlets signed up including taxi drivers , ice cream vendors and restaurateurs to accept notes only Swanage : Accepts any strong currency , including euros Rye : Starred on French TV , looking to improve local euro banking system All Marks and Spencer stores : Change given in sterling , conversion rate set weekly Gatecrasher nightclub , Birmingham : Euros accepted on the door and at the bar
The move has not gone unnoticed internationally , with Dunster ( population : 860 ) featuring on French TV , in a leading German magazine and being visited by a Japanese news agency .
Mr Brunt thinks this interest has been piqued by people wanting to see evidence of Britain looking to the future .
" There 's got to come a time when Britain adopts the euro , whether in five or 50 years ' time , " he suggests .
Could the seeds have been sown for a much wider unofficial movement ?
Professor Iain Begg of the European Institute at the London School of Economics is doubtful .
" These are local gimmicks , " he says .
" If you are the tourist officer for Bournemouth and you can say ' you can pay in euros ' , it gives you a bit of an edge .
" But you are talking about an aggregate population of 250,000 , which is less than half a percentage of Britain 's population .
" It is designed to cater to tourists - it wo n't engage with the rest of the population , " he added .
Only if the euro was adopted outside the tourism trade or by an entire city could momentum gather , he said , but that would be a " logistical nightmare " .
Every cash till would need reprogramming and cash handling charges would double , he added .
The drawbacks , however , have not put off the town of Rye. ' Bank deals '
Euro notes have been appearing in cash tills in the East Sussex tourist spot since they first came into circulation in 2002 , and now nearly half of all local outlets accept them .
Traders there believe it has been a boost to the economy , so much so that they are looking to develop a banking system of their own .
We 're hoping it will drag a lot more French across the channel - it 's cheap shopping for them
Derick Holman , Rye businessman
Rye shops currently rely on staff to top up euro coin reserves on their trips across the English Channel and are avoiding commission charges by buying the currency back from the business for personal use rather than converting it into pounds .
To counter this , the local chamber of commerce is trying to strike deals with a major bank and a ferry company that would enable them to accept coins more easily and change euros for a lower commission rate .
Rye businessman Derick Holman trades in euros , working to a daily exchange rate in his gift and reproduction antiques shop .
" We 're hoping it will drag a lot more French across the Channel .
It 's cheap shopping for them , " he said .
The so - called euro tourist is no new concept .
Northern Ireland 's border towns have seen increasing numbers of customers from the Irish Republic crossing over to do their shopping .
Some shops have been offering a straight euro - for - pound exchange rate in towns like Newry and Enniskillen .
Money - spinner
Such demand is what is exciting the new " euro - towns " .
The seaside town of Bournemouth is hoping this summer will see the use of the euro take off and become a real money - spinner .
Tourism bosses there have calculated that if half a million tourists each spend 20 euros as a part of their holiday budget , the region could be looking at making close to £ 10 m .
Others are less optimistic .
Julian Maughan , who runs the Castleton Hotel in Swanage , says despite having guests from across the eurozone , not one has used his euro - paying service yet .
Back in Rye , Mr Holman has such confidence in the euro that he is looking to a day when it will have the same relevance as the pound .
But this is no great Europhile talking , simply someone who can see the advantages of dealing in other currencies .
" I think a lot of people who are enthusiastic about it are relatively lukewarm about Europe .
I was very pro-Europe .
These days , I 'm quite happy being Britain and leaving Europeans to get on with it , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A question : What do Somali pirates have to do with community - based fishery management ?
Before I answer that , the news :
Last week , the New England Fishery Management Council approved 19 fishermen - run , community - based sectors – a fishing cooperative - based catch share system , explains Julie Wormser of the Environmental Defense Fund – that will take effect in May 2010 .
In my last post , I talked about the importance of sustainable fishery management .
Basically , catch shares give fishermen a kind of ownership share in the fish stock – a percentage of a year 's harvest .
If the fish do well , they get more fish .
If not , they get fewer .
That theoretically is an incentive for stewardship .
What about community - based management ?
Communities living next to and using a resource will best manage it , the thinking goes .
They have the most to lose from bad management , and the most to gain from good management .
There are some holes in this argument , of course .
Local interests have , in fact , had a voice at the New England Fishery Management Council for a long time , and it did n't seem to stop overfishing .
What went wrong ?
Scientists count a number of factors – government subsidies increased the number of fishing boats far beyond what the stock could sustain , a " days at sea " approach led to extensive by - catch , a " race to fish " destroyed habitat , and so on .
Catch shares are supposed to stop some of this , but even catch shares do n't always work .
To illustrate this point , Seth Macinko at the University of Rhode Island , Kingston , once illustrated their potential failures with the example of a pod of blue whales points to a famous paper on blue whales by economist Colin Clark :
Say a community of whalers " owns " owns rights , or privileges , to harvest blue whales in a certain area .
According to catch - share theory , they should manage the cetaceans for their long - term health .
Except that blue whales , the largest animal to have ever existed , can easily live more than 80 years .
They reproduce so slowly that , from a purely economic point of view , the fishermen would do better to kill all the blue whales , sell the meat and blubber , and put their earnings in a bank to earn interest .
They 'd earn more that way than by waiting around to harvest " sustainably " harvest one whale per human lifetime .
That 's an extreme example , but you get the point : Ownership does n't solve all problems .
And if you remember Jared Diamond 's case studies of societal collapse in " Collapse : How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed , " neither , necessarily , does community - based management .
People sometimes make the wrong management choices about the environment that sustains them , although the right approach seems to be staring them in the face .
But if local management is n't foolproof , mining of resources by nonlocal interests is often disastrous .
Historically , foreign fishing fleets have epitomized this truism .
They take all they can get and , when the fish grow scarce , move somewhere else to begin the fish mining anew .
In the northeastern United States , in fact , foreign fleets severely overfished stocks beginning in the 1960s before the US 's established its 200 - mile - wide exclusive economic zone .
A study published last week in the journal PLoS Biology found that , in one - third of low - income countries , the principal fishers were fleets from the European Union , South Korea , Japan , China , Taiwan , or the United States .
This " roving banditry , " as the University of Maine 's Robert Steneck calls it , continues today in much of the developing world – with dire and far - reaching consequences .
A 2008 New York Times story reports :
A vast flotilla of industrial trawlers from the European Union , China , Russia and elsewhere , together with an abundance of local boats , have so thoroughly scoured northwest Africa ’s ocean floor that major fish populations are collapsing .
That has crippled coastal economies and added to the surge of illegal migrants who brave the high seas in wooden pirogues hoping to reach Europe .
While reasons for immigration are as varied as fish species , Europe ’s lure has clearly intensified as northwest Africa ’s fish population has dwindled .
To recap : Huge factory trawlers come in and clean up .
Local fishermen suffer .
The consequences are felt as far as Spain and Italy .
And it gets worse .
When Somali pirates tell their stories , they often mention fishery depletion as a reason why they became pirates .
From another Times story last year :
Several fishermen along the Gulf of Aden talked about seeing barrels of toxic waste bobbing in the middle of the ocean .
They spoke of clouds of dead fish floating nearby and rogue fishing trawlers sucking up not just fish and lobsters but also the coral and the plants that sustain them .
It was abuses like these , several men said , that turned them from fishermen into pirates .
" Roving banditry " by fishing fleets is , it seems , creating bandits of a different kind .
Back to community - based fishery management .
Would the Gulf of Aden be a safer place if the Somalis managed their own seas ?
Who knows ?
But , as it turns out , traditional cultures determined that community - based fishery management was the best approach long ago .
One of the best known , but by no means the only , examples of community based fishery management comes from Polynesian societies of the South Pacific .
Islands are – well , islands .
They have very obviously finite resources .
( So do planets , by the way , although perhaps a little less obviously . )
If they 're mismanaged , there 's little recourse .
As a result , Polynesians have developed strict fishery policies .
Communities along the shore have exclusive rights to fish directly offshore .
These rights are jealously protected .
( One scientist recently working in Fiji told me about fishermen spearing , but not killing , an interloper . )
We might call this a limited - access fishery .
The point is , a fixed – and known – number of people fish it , and they 're answerable to a local authority .
Then , when fishermen note that fish stocks are falling in a given area , a village chief might issue an edict prohibiting fishing there for a time .
Elsewhere nowadays , scientists take stock assessments .
Depending on what they find , they might recommend a closure .
A patch of sea is set off - limits .
We call that a no - take marine protected area ( MPA ) .
MPAs are fast becoming a cornerstone of fishery management .
By Joseph Healy
August 8 , 2009 -- Being Irish , one of the thousands who left the country during the 1980s economic crisis , I follow Irish politics closely .
I joined the Green Party of England and Wales in 2002 .
In 2006 , as part of a group of Irish Greens members in London , visited Dublin to make contact with the Irish Green Party .
We went to raise the issue of support for the Irish diaspora in Britain .
These were the days of the Celtic Tiger — the apparent runaway success of the Irish economy , which tempted many Irish emigrants to return home .
We met one of the party ’s TDs ( members of the parliament , the Dail ) John Gormley .
However , it quickly became apparent that he was not very interested in the issue of Irish people abroad , probably because we have no votes to offer him .
The same year , I became the secretary of the Green Islands Network ( GIN ) , which brings together representatives of the Irish , Scottish , English and Welsh parties .
It was recently joined by the Cornish Greens .
The network aims to share political experiences and ideas .
It played a central role in working out relations between the Northern Irish Green Party , in the six counties that make up the northern statelet , and those in the southern republic .
We finally got agreement , leading to the Northern Ireland Greens becoming a full part of the Irish party .
There were indications , however , that all was not well in Ireland .
At the council meetings of the European Green Party , the Irish delegation was consistently outvoted in calls for a low rate of corporate taxation in Ireland and the type of economic model the ruling Fianna Fail ( FF ) party was implementing with the support of its property and financial speculator friends .
This model finally ran the Irish economy aground on the sandbank of greed and recklessness .
In 2007 , I attended the Irish Greens conference as an observer .
It was on the eve of the general election and the party leader , Trevor Sergeant , promised he would never lead the party into a coalition government with the neoliberal FF .
Gormley gave a powerful speech in which he excoriated FF for its corruption and venality .
But it was also obvious that the conference was tightly controlled , including a strict dress code , and largely stage - managed .
I told people in London I had felt distinctly uncomfortable .
It suggested a party seeking “ professionalism ” at all cost and very thin on ideology .
It was perhaps indicative that international issues were not discussed at all .
Within a few months , following a special members conference , Gormley was the new leader and the party was in a FF - led coalition government .
Sergeant had resigned , but still accepted a junior ministerial position in the new FF - led administration .
In the first few months of coalition government , there were already signs pragmatism had replaced principle for the party ’s three ministers and three further TDs .
The infamous motorway through the world - famous Tara heritage site in County Meath was approved by the outgoing environment minister .
Gormley , the new minister , claimed his hands were tied and could do nothing .
The Green Party of England and Wales passed an emergency motion at its conference calling for the motorway scheme to be stopped .
The motion was not even acknowledged by the Irish party .
We were deluged with requests from anti-bloodsports organisations in Ireland to try to influence the new Green ministers to ban hare coursing — a particularly bloody and barbarous activity .
I explained that we could only pass on concerns .
Opposition to US renditions of prisoners to countries where they would be tortured via Shannon Airport , and US military supply aircraft using the airport , which the Greens had campaigned on in opposition , was also dropped .
And the campaign by Shell to Sea to stop Shell building a pipeline across bogland in County Mayo in the west of Ireland was ignored by the new Greens energy minister .
This is despite this campaign , which led to local farmers being jailed for refusing access to their land , hunger strikes and a huge national campaign , being key for the Greens in opposition .
GIN meetings became increasingly fractious , as Green Party of England and Wales delegates argued with the Irish delegates .
We were told we were naive .
One member of the Irish executive told us we had to get out of the NGO mindset and think what it was like to be in government .
One of the final straws came when the party ’s spokesperson on Europe , Senator Deirdre De Burca , who had told the Scottish Green Party conference only a few months before that the European constitution and the Lisbon Treaty were anti-green , suddenly did a volte face .
The Irish Greens ’
MPs decided to support the treaty .
However , they failed to get the necessary two - thirds of the party to support them and had to take a neutral stance during Ireland ’s referendum last year on whether to accept the treaty or not .
The “ no ” vote won .
Critics within the party , such as the former European parliament member Patricia McKenna and Dublin Councillor Bronwen Maher , became increasingly forthright in their opposition .
The collapse in the Irish economy , and the resulting pigeons coming home to roost for the FF - led government , has caused massive problems for the Greens .
The Greens supported a proposal to end free medical care for pensioners .
The issue led to a near insurrection in the streets of Dublin by thousands of angry pensioners .
The government was forced to back down and a Greens TD who attempted to address the angry crowd was shouted down .
Now the government is pursuing a program of radical cuts in social welfare and even suggesting a minimum wage cut .
Greens councillors called an urgent meeting with the parliamentary party to ask them to change tack .
They urged pursuing radical green policies rather than being FF ’s lapdog .
This came after two prominent councillors , including Maher , resigned from the party and publicly accused the leadership of selling out green principles .
In the June 2009 local elections all of the Green Party councillors lost their seats in Dublin in an electoral backlash .
McKenna also resigned from the party and stood as an independent in the European elections held the same day .
Although she did n’t win , she gained more votes than the official Greens candidate , De Burca .
Her vote transfers helped ensure the election to the European Parliament of the Socialist Party 's Joe Higgins .
With a great deal of internal unrest , another special members ’ conference was called to debate the Lisbon Treaty referendum part two and the Greens ’ position in government .
With most of the dissidents gone , Gormley secured the necessary two - thirds vote to support the treaty — by one vote .
The leadership calmed the membership with assurances more Green policies would be wrung from FF .
The general feeling in Ireland is that the Greens are living on borrowed time and its members in parliament will go the same way as its local councillors .
Gormley is hoping for an economic upturn , but is going along with the savage cuts imposed by the FF government .
In the interim , dissident Greens are looking for new political options .
Maher will be coming to address a fringe meeting on Green coalitions organised by Green Left , an eco-socialist current in the Green Party of England and Wales , at the Green Party of England and Wales conference in September .
The Irish Greens has made the same error as the Czech Greens of becoming subsumed in a right - wing coalition and , with no basic radical ideology to rely on , becoming a prop for the ruling right - wing party .
This is the problem facing all Green parties that follow the creed of “ neither Left nor Right , but Green ” .
They end up increasingly resembling green mushy peas served as a puree by the right .
Greens must stick to their radical roots on the left , while pushing the left to not leave the planet and climate change as an optional add on .
This is why Green Left , inside the Green Party of England and Wales , stands by the ideas of eco-socialism and will continue to sound the warning whenever we feel that Green parties are going down the same disastrous road as the Irish .
[ Joseph Healy is a co-convenor of Green Left , an eco-socialist current within the Green Party of England and Wales .
This article first appeared in Green Left Weekly issue # 806 , August 9 , 2009 . ]
Ein bislang unveröffentlichter Song von Rammstein und neue Pressefotos kursieren seit vergangener Woche im Internet .
Seitdem üben Hamburger Anwälte im Auftrag des Rammstein - Managements und der Plattenfirma Universal massiven Druck auf Medien und Fanseiten aus .
Hamburg / Konstanz ( rai ) - Die zwei bekanntesten Rammstein - Fanseiten sind seit einigen Tagen offline .
In deren Foren hatten Fans auf Youtube - Videos des neuen Songs " Liebe Ist Für Alle Da " hingewiesen , die Lyrics diskutiert und ebenfalls geleakte , aktuelle Pressebilder der Band verlinkt .
Umgehend wurden die Fanseitenbetreiber mit massiven rechtlichen Konsequenzen und hohen Geldstrafen bedroht .
Rammstein und die freie Presse
Doch damit nicht genug : Nicht nur die Verlinkung urheberrechtlich geschützter Songs und Bilder ist Rammstein ein Dorn im Auge , auch die Berichterstattung über den gesamten Vorgang sähe man im Hause Rammstein gerne verhindert .
Bereits Ende vergangener Woche hatte die Augsburger Allgemeine einen Artikel aus ihrem Online Angebot gelöscht .
Im Forum erklärt die Redaktion der Zeitung die ungewöhnliche Maßnahme mit einer " Abmahnung durch das Rammstein - Management und einem nun laufenden Rechtsstreit " .
Der Zeitung drohen womöglich langwierige juristische Auseinandersetzungen .
Der Autor des Artikels hatte eine Strophe aus den Lyrics zitiert und Aufbau und Charakter des Songs beschrieben .
Hass ist für alle da
Auch laut .de erhielt am späten Montagabend eine Abmahnung mit der Aufforderung , den Artikel " Rammstein : Song im Netz , Fanseiten verklagt " noch vor Mitternacht zu löschen .
Das Management bezeichnet die Schilderungen von laut .de darin pauschal als " unwahr " , ohne jedoch konkrete Argumente oder Belege für diese Behauptung zu liefern .
Der Einladung , ihre Sicht der Ereignisse darzulegen , sind weder Band noch Manager bislang nachgekommen .
Das große Getöse soll wohl von der Peinlichkeit des Leaks ablenken .
Denn bei der offenbar herrschenden strikten Geheimhaltung können Song und Fotos eigentlich nur aus dem direkten Umfeld der Band ins Netz gelangt sein .
Aufzuhalten ist die Geschichte ohnehin nicht mehr , auch internationale Medien berichten mittlerweile über die Vorgänge und das rustikale Vorgehen gegen Fans und Presse .
Vermehrte Angriffe auf die Pressefreiheit
Die Ereignisse stehen in einer Reihe mit zuletzt zunehmenden Versuchen deutscher Unterhaltungskünstler , unliebsame Berichterstattung auszuschalten .
Erst im Mai war ein Fotojournalist von laut .
de aus einer Pressekonferenz der Band Silbermond geworfen und ihm die Akkreditierung für das anschließende Konzert entzogen worden , weil - so die Begründung des Bandmanagers - die aktuelle Platte der Bautzener von der Redaktion zu schlecht bewertet worden sei .
laut .de wird weiter berichten .
Die mit Einschüchterungsversuchen bedrängten Fanseiten werden derweil wohl unterschiedlich reagieren .
Während man bei rammstein - austria.com auf eine Einigung mit Rammstein hofft und den Betrieb so bald wie möglich wieder aufnehmen will , müssen sich die Nutzer anderer beliebter Fanseiten eine neue Netzheimat suchen .
Die Betreiber haben die Nase voll .
I know banks are hurting for money right now , but no more than the rest of us .
And one aspect of modern banking that I find most disturbing is how banks allow you to go overdrawn so that they can charge you a hefty fee .
I found this out the hard way recently .
I pride myself on keeping a close eye on my bank account .
I check it daily , I know what is going in , what is coming out , and I had never been overdrawn until a few weeks ago .
An unexpected , and large , bill came out of our account and I did n’t realize it until after I had received the receipt .
By that point , it was too late .
I was overdrawn , and even though I transferred money immediately to put our account back in good standing , the damage had been done .
Rather than reject any subsequent debits after the bill that put us overdrawn , my bank ( Compass Bank ) simply let everything go through .
Then , they added a $ 38 overdraft fee to each debit .
Is this my fault ?
Partly , I admit that even though the debit was unexpected , I should have had a bigger buffer in the account .
However , if I had known that the few things I had bought that morning were going to cost me a whopping $ 38 on top of the price , I would n’t have spent the money .
Some of the things I bought that day included :
A tank of gas - $ 36.65 + $ 38 NSF fee
Breakfast – $ 19.99 + $ 38 NSF fee
Lunch - $ 8.95 + $ 38 NSF fee
All of those transactions were electronic .
I carry two debit cards , one for my home checking , one for my business .
Had I paid with my business checking , there would have been no problem .
And if I had been told in any of those situations that the debit was going to cost me $ 38 extra , I obviously would n’t have used the home checking account .
Yes , it would have been a little embarrassing to have hard my card declined , but I can handle that compared to the fees that totaled $ 228 dollars on top of the small items I had bought .
Considering I was only in the red for a few hours , the fees I paid were equal to something like a 4000 % interest rate !
That makes loan sharks look like Finding Nemo .
In these days of electronic funds transfer , banks know exactly what you have in your account .
And it seems there are three options open to our institutions :
1 : Simply deny the debit
2 : Allow the debit to go through , but require authorization from you , the customer , to proceed and pay the overdraft fee
3 : Let the debit go through , say nothing , and ding your account for a whopping fee .
Guess which one our banks have chosen ?
That ’s right , option three .
They would rather not tell us about a charge , as most of us would probably not make the purchase .
And this is an opt out “ service ” that almost all banks have on your accounts .
You have to inform them that you do n’t want this service , but how many of us read the fine print in the pages and pages of legal jargon that you have to sign when you open an account ?
In some instances , the banks wo n’t even let you opt out .
You have to have the service to have the account .
They say it ’s for our convenience , but come on , we all know how bastardized that word has become these days .
A recent story on MSNBC highlighted the case of a guy called Clifford Phillips , who used his debit card to pay for a latte .
There was n’t enough money in his account , so his $ 4 coffee ended up costing him $ 38 ( hmm , I should switch to his bank , their NSF fee is $ 4 lower than Compass Bank’s ) .
As Herb Weisbaum reported :
Phillips did n’t know his account had this overdraft feature and does n’t want it .
He tells me he prefers “ the embarrassment of having the transaction denied ” to being socked with a $ 34 fee .
But the bank wo n’t let him cancel .
“ That ’s not customer service , that ’s exploitation , ” he says .
“ I should have the right to say I do n’t want it . ”
And this is big business for the banks , too .
According to Weisbaum ’s article , “ Consumers Union figures the nation ’s banks collected about $ 7.8 billion last year in overdraft fees related to debit cards and ATM withdrawals .
If they changed the opt - out service to an opt - in service , they would no doubt lose billions in fees . “
So , what can you do if you have been hit with these massive fees ?
Well , in my case I called Compass Bank and complained .
I eventually got two of the six fees debited back to my account .
Not good enough for me , but that ’s all I was getting .
However , a video I saw recently had the protagonist going one step further .
He took the bank to court .
And rather than paying a high - priced lawyer to go to court and fight the suit , the bank simply called back and refunded all of the overdraft fees , plus the costs of filing the lawsuit .
There are also a bunch of great books out there covering this growing consumer problem .
Some touch on it , others go in depth .
Amazon has the following books that I heartily recommend .
Gotcha Capitalism : How Hidden Fees Rip You Off Every Day - and What You Can Do About It
Fight For Your Money : How to Stop Getting Ripped Off and Save a Fortune
I Will Teach You To Be Rich
1,001 Things They Wo n't Tell You : An Insider 's Guide to Getting the Most Bang for Your Buck
Bottom line is this .
Ultimately , it ’s your money and you should keep a close eye on it .
Do n’t go overdrawn .
However , these things do happen , and you do n’t want to be hit with multiple NSF fees .
Instead , opt out of that service and ask your bank about other forms of overdraft protection .
Most are based around a credit account that charges you a substantial rate of interest , but it ’s much cheaper than $ 38 .
If you have the option , link your savings account to your checking account ; when you do overdraw , the bank will simply start pulling money from your savings account .
A much better , cheaper option , but one that my bank does not offer .
These are hard times .
We do n’t need extortionate fees at a time when most of us are already feeling the pinch of a tight economy .
Stand up to the banks , and fight every fee .
A New Life for the IMF : Capitalizing on Crisis by Robert Weissman April 's G - 20 meeting - involving the heads of state of 20 of the world 's most economically powerful countries - failed to yield an agreement on increased European stimulus spending or on new global financial regulatory rules .
But it did feature one overriding tangible agreement : A commitment to expand massively the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) , in order to channel funds to developing countries rocked by the financial crisis .
The G - 20 countries agreed to give the IMF up to $ 750 billion in new resources , three times more than it currently controls .
The G - 20 also pledged to provide $ 250 billion in trade financing to developing countries , and to channel $ 100 billion to low - income countries through multilateral developing banks .
Fleeing foreign investors , plummeting remittance earnings , falling commodity prices and shrinking export markets are devastating developing countries , leaving them in dire need of infusions of hard currency .
The IMF money is intended to fill the developing countries ' financing gap , and also contribute to the global stimulus effort .
But IMF critics warn that the Fund is requiring countries to implement contractionary policies , such as higher interest rates and lower government spending , that are the opposite of the expansionary policies pursued by rich countries , and that will undermine the stimulative intent of the promised new money .
The Hardest Hit Developing countries are in desperate need of additional finance .
Although they had nothing to do with mortgage - backed securities or credit default swaps , developing countries are getting worst hit by the global economic meltdown .
Eastern European countries benefited for a time from the financial bubble , as an infusion of loans from Western European banks helped pump up investment and consumer spending .
With the financial crisis , the banks are unwilling to roll over loans .
With the countries already running major trade deficits , the pull back in foreign bank lending has sent countries ' currencies plummeting .
As a result , Eastern European countries have been the worst hit by the crisis .
But no part of the world is escaping from the crisis .
The World Bank predicts growth rates in Latin America will fall 5 percent in 2009 , in East Asia by almost 3 percent , in South Asia by 2 percent and in sub-Saharan Africa by 2.5 percent .
The World Bank conservatively estimates that , due to the crisis , 53 million more people will be trapped in deep poverty - meaning they must subsist on less than $ 1.25 a day - than would have been the case .
" Conditions of recession are affecting the world 's poorest people , making them more vulnerable than ever to sudden shocks - but also reducing the opportunities available to them , and frustrating their hopes , " says Justin Yifu Lin , World Bank chief economist and senior vice president , development economics .
" This could reverse years of progress , and is nothing less than an emergency for development . "
Questionable Commitments
The extent to which new resources will be made available to developing countries remains uncertain , the G - 20 headlines notwithstanding .
The commitment of $ 750 billion to the IMF consisted of two separate pieces .
The first was a promise of $ 250 billion to an IMF lending facility known as the New Arrangements to Borrow , with a statement that an additional $ 250 billion would be made available if necessary .
Much of the first $ 250 billion will come from pledges already made to the IMF , including $ 100 billion provided by Japan to the Fund in February .
Whether the other half of the $ 500 billion will ever materialize remains unclear .
The other $ 250 billion promised to the IMF involves issuance of Special Drawing Rights ( SDRs ) , a kind of IMF currency .
SDRs will be allocated to countries according to the resources they have provided to the Fund - which means the rich countries will accumulate the vast majority of the new SDRs .
Because of the special conditions attached to them , there is a good chance the rich countries will not make use of the SDRs .
Some anti-poverty advocates have urged that rich countries transfer their SDRs to poor nations , but it remains very unclear if that will occur .
There is also some uncertainty about the potential benefits of such a move , because countries using SDRs must pay interest to the IMF .
Whether the other money pledged at the G - 20 - the $ 250 billion in trade financing ( money lent to developing countries to buy rich country goods ) , and $ 100 billion in support through the World Bank and other multilateral development banks - ever materializes is also something that will only be revealed over time .
Donor countries have a striking record of failing to fulfill aid pledges at global conferences , however .
A Lifeline for the IMF Still , there is no question that the IMF will see a massive expansion of its resource base as a result of the financial crisis .
Just a year ago , the Fund was searching for a way to stay in business .
Virtually all middle - income countries had taken advantage of booming commodity prices to pay back their loans to the IMF , and most began storing foreign currency to avoid going back to the Fund .
Although the Fund maintained its dominant position in Africa and in low - income countries - which continued to need an IMF stamp of approval in order to receive aid from most foreign donors - the Fund had relied on money it earned from interest on loans to middle - income countries to pay its administrative costs .
With those interest payments no longer coming in , the Fund was forced to cut staff and seek other revenue sources .
The new middle - income country demand for Fund loans , and the new resources available to the Fund , will solve the IMF 's own financing troubles .
The IMF still faces the problem of countries maneuvering to avoid taking its loans , however , because of the onerous conditions traditionally attached to them .
For the past three decades , IMF loans have been accompanied by demands that countries adopt a series of market fundamentalist policies .
These include deregulation ( including of financial services ) , privatization , opening to foreign investment , orienting economies to export markets , removing protections for local producers growing food or manufacturing for the local market , removing labor rights protections , cutting government budgets , raising interest rates , and more .
But now , says the new IMF Managing Director , Dominique Strauss - Kahn , those days are gone .
In March , the IMF announced an overhaul of its lending framework , with the self - proclaimed purpose of reducing conditionality .
It touted a new lending facility , the Flexible Credit Line , available to " strong - performing countries , " which makes loans with no conditions , and can make loans for precautionary purposes .
For lending programs with conditions , it indicated a softening in approach .
" These reforms represent a significant change in the way the Fund can help its member countries - which is especially needed at this time of global crisis , " says Strauss - Kahn .
" More flexibility in our lending along with streamlined conditionality will help us respond effectively to the various needs of members .
This , in turn , will help them to weather the crisis and return to sustainable growth . "
Critics remain unimpressed .
The Flexible Credit Line is available to countries that least need loans - one example is Brazil , which is actually lending to the IMF - and that effectively have already adopted IMF policy prescriptions .
The Fund announced only general standards for which countries would be eligible for Flexible Credit Line loans , but critics point out that , if the standards were applied honestly , even the United States would be ineligible .
Among the standards are a sustainable external position and the absence of a systemic banking crisis .
The Fund also says that it is moving to apply structural conditions ex-ante ( meaning before a loan is made ) rather than ex-post ( after the loan ) .
But as Nancy Alexander , a Washington , D.C. - consultant and longtime IMF critic points out , this arrangement can be even more coercive than the Fund 's old policies , as countries rush to impose IMF - favored policies before they can get any access to desperately needed monies from the Fund .
Strauss - Kahn further claims that conditionality will be looser .
" From now on , " he says , " policy conditions will be more tightly focused on core reform objectives and will allow for greater flexibility , tailored to country circumstances . "
Development groups express great skepticism that Fund practices will match this rhetorical claim , pointing to the IMF 's most recent loans to explain their doubt .
Pro-Recession Policies
The logic of providing assistance to developing countries is to help them adopt expansionary policies in time of economic downturn .
Yet the IMF is forcing countries in financial distress to pursue contractionary policies - the mirror image of the stimulative policies carried out by the rich countries ( and supported by the IMF , for the rich countries ) .
The Fund 's loans since September 2008 to countries rocked by the financial crisis almost uniformly require budget cuts , wage freezes and interest rates hikes .
The first nine " IMF loans to countries affected by the crisis clearly demonstrate that the IMF is still prescribing pro-cyclical policies of fiscal and monetary policy tightening , " says Bhumika Muchhala of the Penang , Malaysia - based Third World Network .
" The Fund 's crisis loans still contain the old policy conditions of cutting public sector expenditures , reducing fiscal deficits and increasing interest rates - which is the stark opposite of the expansionary , stimulus policies being supported in the G - 20 countries . "
In Ukraine , Georgia , Hungary , Iceland , Latvia , Pakistan , Serbia , Belarus and El Salvador , the IMF has told countries to cut government spending , an analysis by the Third World Network shows .
This means less money for health , education and other vital priorities .
In April , the IMF told Latvia - where the economy is expected to contract 12 percent this year - that its loans would be suspended until it further cuts spending .
" Our economy is imploding , " says Inga Paparde of the Latvian AIDS activist group Association HIV.LV .
" They say it will shrink 12 percent this year and our government has cut the budget by 40 percent , but the IMF is demanding a ' deficit target ' of 5 percent of GDP .
To reach this , we will have to shut down our hospitals and cut pensions .
People are scared , and they are taking to the streets to protest these draconian measures . "
The IMF also instructed almost all of the borrowing countries to raise interest rates , the Third World Network analysis shows .
An April paper from the Washington , D.C- based Center for Economic and Policy Research ( CEPR ) - " Empowering the IMF : Should Reform be a Requirement for Increasing the Fund 's Resources ? " - argues that these kind of contractionary policies are generally inappropriate in time of economic crisis .
" The main purpose of providing balance of payments support to a developing country in a time of recession or approaching recession is to enable the government to pursue the expansionary fiscal and monetary policies necessary to stabilize the economy , " the CEPR paper contends .
" The main reason that many low - and middle - income countries cannot pursue " expansionary policies like those adopted in rich countries " is that they can run into balance of payments difficulties and foreign exchange constraints , " the CEPR paper explains .
For these countries , says the CEPR paper , " any increase in growth relative to the baseline will tend to worsen a country 's balance of trade and therefore [ its ] current account balance .
This is because imports will tend to grow faster than exports .
Also , if investors see fiscal or monetary policies that they think will lower the value of the domestic currency , this may promote further capital flight , which worsens the balance of payments problem .
Also , if the domestic currency drops precipitously , this can cause balance sheet problems in countries where the private or public sector has borrowed heavily in foreign currency . "
" Thus , the purpose of providing balance of payments support , as is done through an institution such as the IMF , is preferably to allow the country to continue growing while gradually reducing its current account deficit to a sustainable level . "
But this is not the perspective of the IMF .
The Fund said in a March policy paper that a few poor countries might have some capacity to undertake small stimulative programs .
" A few countries may have scope for discretionary fiscal easing to sustain aggregate demand depending on the availability of domestic and external financing . "
But even then : " All this must be done carefully so as not to crowd out the private sector through excessive domestic borrowing in the often thin financial markets . "
But for countries in weak positions - the vast majority - the Fund says that , " the scope for countercyclical fiscal policies is limited . "
The Fund also continues to counsel against capital controls , which could limit the ability of foreign funds to enter and flee a country easily .
As a measure to address capital flight , capital controls are a potential alternative to the Fund 's emphasis on tight monetary policy and reducing aggregate demand .
Concludes the CEPR paper in this regard : " the Fund 's preferences may cause it to reject viable options that would allow for higher growth , more employment , and lower poverty rates . "
Conditionality for the IMF ?
Although the G - 20 countries committed to providing new resources to the IMF , they have not yet delivered most of the money .
The Obama administration is seeking to provide $ 100 billion to the IMF as part of the $ 500 billion total , but these funds require Congressional approval .
Congress can attach conditions to the money ( as could other governments considering providing new resources to the IMF ) .
Development and anti-poverty groups ( including Essential Action , a project of Essential Information , the publisher of Multinational Monitor ) are urging that Congress demand meaningful , verifiable change at the Fund before agreeing to provide it with new monies .
" New funding should not be provided to the IMF unless the institution is subject to important reforms that will prevent the Fund from continuing and repeating the serious errors that they made in the last major crises of the 1990s , " says Mark Weisbrot , co-director of CEPR and lead author of the April paper from the group .
" For years the IMF has imposed disastrous conditions on poor countries that have contributed to massive underinvestment in health , HIV / AIDS and education , particularly in sub-Saharan Africa , " says Asia Russell , director of international policy for Health GAP ( Global Access Project ) , a global AIDS advocacy group .
" The G - 20 must make sure the IMF abandons these policies before infusing the Fund with hundreds of billions of dollars in new resources . "
Development advocates say the Fund should have to demonstrate that contractionary policies are necessary before imposing any such conditions during recessionary times .
They are calling for increased health and education spending to be exempt from any budget limitations in IMF loans .
And they are urging that no IMF loan agreement go into effect unless it has received parliamentary approval - most IMF loans are negotiated with finance ministries , typically in secret , and not subject to meaningful public or even parliamentary input .
The refusal of the Ukrainian parliament in April to agree to IMF demands led to a renegotiated agreement that permitted the country to maintain more expansionary policies .
In a Congress that it is very reticent about taking steps that may be perceived as providing more no -strings bailout money , there is considerable interest in such proposals .
At the same time , some key Members of Congress are reluctant to prescribe policy for an international institution like the IMF , and Democrats are generally eager to cooperate with the Obama administration .
With these and other confounding factors , whether Congress will demand meaningful reforms in IMF policy as a condition of providing it with $ 100 billion thus remains very uncertain .
Condition : Used : Good
Comment : Good condition , wear from reading and use .
All pages are intact , and the cover is intact and has some creases .
The spine has signs of wear and creases .
This copy may include
From the library of labels , stickers or stamps and be an ex-library copy .
With the release of PHP 5.3 to the world , I wanted to be one of the first to try it .
The problem is that the typical package managers for Ubuntu wo n’t include PHP 5.3 for some time – perhaps as long as a year .
This is a problem , since I really want to try PHP ’s latest and greatest features for myself .
The problem is , there seems to be a lack of clear , coherent instructions online about compiling PHP on Ubuntu from source .
Either it ’s so insanely simple that anyone who does it figures everyone else knows how , or everyone relies on the pre-built binaries released by the world that any time I search for “ Ubuntu PHP source ” I get “ why do n’t you just use the built - in package manager ? ”
And so , I wanted to write a set of instructions for how I configured and compiled PHP , on Ubuntu Jaunty .
For the most part we ’ll use standard out - of - the - box packages that Ubuntu provides .
Since the features I ’m looking for are in PHP 5.3 , I ’m fine with having slightly outdated packages for other software as long as they ’re compatible with PHP 5.3 .
Warning !!!!
WordPress has added HTML entities in order to help display this post .
Do NOT copy and paste the ./ configure line as it will cause you to get strange results .
Prepare your own configure line that matches your needs !
Warning : Messing with Apache and PHP on a live web server can cause serious problems !
Do this only on a development system or on a system that is not critical to your operation !
Trying to install a new version of PHP with a current version running might work , or it might sleep with your wife and eat your children .
You ’ve been warned !
Warning : Remove any existing instances of PHP , either compiled from source or installed by package , and all related files , before proceeding !
1. Install Apache .
The first step is to install Apache .
You can feel free to use your own web server , but for this example I opted for Apache based on the simplicity of installing PHP as an Apache module .
This command should also install the development tools , which PHP will need to properly configure itself for Apache .
aptitude install apache2 apache2 - mpm- prefork apache2 - prefork - dev apache2 - utils apache2.2-common
2. Install MySQL and PostgreSQL
Most people use MySQL , but almost all PHP installations seem to have PostgreSQL installed as well .
I think it ’s always good to keep your options open , and you might take a look at Postgres at some point .
If you opt not to install Postgres , that ’s fine ; just alter your configure statement to exclude it .
aptitude install postgresql - 8.3 postgresql - client - 8.3 postgresql - client - common postgresql - common postgresql - server - dev - 8.3 aptitude install mysql-client mysql-client-5.0 mysql-common mysql-server mysql-server-5.0 mysql-server-core-5.0
3. Install required libraries
PHP itself is very easy to configure and install .
However , if you want to get the most out of it you ’ll need to install the dependency libraries it uses for various functions like mcrypt and gd .
This can be the most challenging part of installing PHP ; many hours can be spent issuing a configure command only to have it fail , have to install another library , and repeat the process .
These libraries are the libraries that were needed to install the options in the configure statement below .
You may need more or fewer libraries depending on your individual needs and desires .
aptitude install libtidy - dev curl libcurl4 - openssl - dev libcurl3 libcurl3 - gnutls zlib1g zlib1g - dev libxslt1 - dev libzip - dev libzip1 libxml2 libsnmp - base libsnmp15 libxml2 - dev libsnmp - dev libjpeg 62 libjpeg 62 - dev libpng 12 - 0 libpng 12 - dev zlib1g zlib1g - dev libfreetype6 libfreety pe6 - dev libbz2 - dev libxpm4 - dev libmcrypt - dev libmcrypt4
4. Download the PHP Source Code
Visit http://www.php.net and download the latest version of PHP 5.3 .
The following commands may be helpful :
cd ~
wget http://us3.php.net/get/php-5.3.0.tar.gz/from/this/mirror
tar xvfz php-5.3.0.tar.gz
5. Configure .
Change your working directory to the unpacked PHP source code .
Execute the following command .
./configure –with-apxs2=/usr/bin/apxs2 –with-mysql=/usr –with-mysqli=/usr/bin/mysql_config –with-pgsql=/usr –with-tidy=/usr –with-curl=/usr/bin –with-curlwrappers –with-openssl-dir=/usr –with-zlib-dir=/usr –enable - mbstring –with-xpm-dir=/usr –with-pdo-pgsql=/usr –with-pdo-mysql=/usr –with-xsl=/usr –with-ldap – with-xmlrpc – with-iconv - dir= / usr – with - snmp=/usr –enable - exif –enable - calendar – with - bz2= / usr – with - mcrypt= /usr – with - gd – with - jpeg - dir= / usr – with - png - dir= / usr – with - zlib - dir= / usr – with - freetype-dir= /usr –enable - mbstring –enable - zip – with - pear
Edit : Many commenters suggested using the –prefix=PREFIX directive to place your PHP files and limit the potential problems should you decide to remove or replace PHP .
This is a good idea .
The screen should scroll quickly as it does a check of the files and libraries it will need for compiling , and , if everything is installed correctly , it will build the makefiles for the next step .
If it fails , it will give you an error message ( usually related to a missing library ) and tell you to try again .
6. Make & Make Install
In order to have PHP installed , we have to first compile it from the source code .
This involves the compiler accessing the libraries it needs .
Once compiled , we ’ll be able to install it .
The first command in this process is easy enough :
make
There will once again be a lot of information on your screen .
Take your time , go for a walk .
This takes a bit of time , and the more you compile into PHP the longer the process takes .
PHP is an advanced , complicated language , so be patient .
Once it completes successfully , you should see a warning to run “ make test ” .
You may run this , though you do n’t have to at this stage .
The final step in the PHP compilation process is invoking the installer .
make -i install
Why do we use - i on the installer ?
Ubuntu uses an unusual configuration for Apache which causes the installer not to know how to install PHP properly .
This will produce a fatal error and cause the install to stop .
The - i flag tells it to ignore the errors ; we ’ll set up Apache to use PHP 5.3 next .
7 . Add the PHP Module to Apache
In order to have PHP run as a part of the web server , we ’ll need to create a module for it .
This is typically done automatically , but due to the unusual setup of the Ubuntu Apache installation , we ’ll have to do it ourselves .
First , change directories :
cd /etc/apache2/mods-available
Create a new file called php5.load and paste the following line into it :
LoadModule php5_module
/usr / lib / apache2/ modules/libphp5.so
Save that file .
Now create another file called php5.conf and paste the following into it :
AddType application / x- httpd- php .php . phtml .php3
AddType application / x- httpd- php- source .phps
Now we ’re all set !
We just need to enable the module and restart Apache :
# a2enmod php5
Enabling module php5 .
Run ‘/ etc/init.d/apache2 restart ’ to activate new configuration !
# /etc/init.d/apache2 restart
* Restarting web server apache2
… waiting … done .
8 . Test the PHP Installation
Now we just need to see that PHP is in fact installed !
First let ’s check the PHP binary :
$ php -v
PHP 5.3.0 ( cli ) ( built : Jul 1 2009 18:53:06 )
Copyright ( c ) 1997-2009 The PHP Group
Zend Engine v2.3.0 , Copyright ( c ) 1998-2009 Zend Technologies
If you get output similar to the above , your PHP installation is correct .
Note that the point release may be different since these directions were written ; however , you should see PHP 5.3.x as the version .
Next , let ’s get the info from PHP to see what ’s installed .
Find your webroot , create ( or edit ) an index .
php file and add the following :
<?php phpinfo( ) ; ?>
Type the URL of your web server into the browser and you should see something that looks like this :
If you do , congratulations !
You ’ve successfully installed PHP 5.3 on Ubuntu from source .
Frustrated with your company ’s development practices ?
You do n't have to be !
No matter what the issues are , they can be fixed .
You can begin to shed light on these issues with my handy checklist .
Plus , I 'll help you with strategies to approach the issues at the organization level and " punch above your weight . "
Great !
We 'll be updating you soon on best practices for your team !
Brandon Savage is the author of Mastering Object Oriented PHP and Practical Design Patterns in PHP
By Eva Golinger
[ As of 11:15 am , June 28 , Caracas time , President Manuel Zelaya is speaking live on Telesur from San Jose , Costa Rica .
He has verified the soldiers entered his residence in the early morning hours , firing guns and threatening to kill him and his family if he resisted the coup .
He was forced to go with the soldiers who took him to the air base and flew him to Costa Rica .
He has requested the US government make a public statement condemning the coup , otherwise , it will indicate their compliance .
At 5 pm , Roberto Micheletti , head of Honduras ' Congress was sworn in as de facto president .
At 7 pm , the Organization of American States condemned the coup .
US secretary of state Hillary Clinton has formally condemned the coup .
For continuing updates , visit Eva Golinger 's web site at http://www.chavezcode.com/.]
June 28 , 2009 -- Caracas , Venezuela --
The text message that beeped on my cell phone this morning read : “ Alert , Zelaya has been kidnapped , coup d’etat underway in Honduras , spread the word . ”
It ’s a rude awakening for a Sunday morning , especially for the millions of Hondurans who were preparing to exercise their sacred right to vote today for the first time on a consultative referendum concerning the future convening of a constitutional assembly to reform the constitution .
Supposedly at the centre of the controversary is today ’s scheduled referendum , which is not a binding vote but merely an opinion poll to determine whether or not a majority of Hondurans desire to eventually enter into a process to modify their constitution .
Such an initiative has never taken place in the Central American nation , which has a very limited constitution that allows minimal participation by the people of Honduras in their political processes .
The current constitution , written in 1982 during the height of the US administration ’s dirty war in Central America , was designed to ensure those in power , both economic and political , would retain it with little interference from the people .
Zelaya , elected in November 2005 on the platform of Honduras ’ Liberal Party , had proposed the poll be conducted to determine if a majority of citizens agreed that constitutional reform was necessary .
He was backed by a majority of labour unions and social movements in the country .
If the poll had occured , depending on the results , a referendum would have been conducted during the elections in November .
In fact , several days before the poll was to occur , Honduras ’ Supreme Court ruled it illegal , upon request by the Congress , both of which are led by anti-Zelaya majorities , and members of the ultra - conservative party , National Party of Honduras ( PNH ) .
This move led to massive protests in the streets in favour of President Zelaya .
On June 24 , the president fired the head of the high military command , General Romeo Vásquez , after he refused to allow the military to distribute the electoral material for Sunday ’s elections .
Vásquez held the material under tight military control , refusing to release it even to the president ’s followers , stating that the scheduled referendum had been determined illegal by the Supreme Court and therefore he could not comply with the president ’s order .
As in the Unted States , the president of Honduras is commander in chief and has the final say on the military ’s actions , and so he ordered the general ’s removal .
Minister of Defence Angel Edmundo Orellana also resigned in response to this increasingly tense situation .
But the following day , Honduras ’ Supreme Court reinstated General Vásquez to the high military command , ruling his firing as “ unconstitutional ’ .
Thousands poured into the streets of Honduras ’ capital , Tegucigalpa , showing support for President Zelaya and evidencing their determination to ensure the June 28 non-binding referendum would take place .
On June 26 , the president and a group of hundreds of supporters , marched to the nearby air base to collect the electoral material that had been previously held by the military .
That evening , Zelaya gave a national press conference along with a group of politicians from different political parties and social movements , calling for unity and peace in the country .
As of June 27 , the situation in Honduras was reported as calm .
But early Sunday morning , June 28 , a group of approximately 60 armed soldiers entered the presidential residence and took Zelaya hostage .
After several hours of confusion , reports surfaced claiming the president had been taken to a nearby airforce base and flown to neighbouring Costa Rica .
No images have been seen of the president so far and it is unknown whether or not his life is still endangered .
President Zelaya ’s wife , Xiomara Castro de Zelaya , speaking live on Telesur at approximately 10 am Caracas time , announced that in early hours of Sunday morning , the soldiers stormed their residence , firing shots throughout the house , beating and then taking the president .
“ It was an act of cowardness ” , said the first lady , referring to the illegal kidnapping occuring during a time when no one would know or react until it was all over .
Casto de Zelaya also called for the “ preservation ” of her husband ’s life , indicating that she herself is unaware of his whereabouts .
She claimed their lives are all still in “ serious danger ” and made a call for the international community to denounce this illegal coup d’etat and to act rapidly to reinstate constitutional order in the country , which includes the rescue and return of the democratically elected Zelaya .
Coup condemned
Presidents Evo Morales of Bolivia and Hugo Chávez of Venezuela have both made public statements on Sunday morning condemning the coup d’etat in Honduras and calling on the international community to react to ensure democracy is restored and the constitutional president is reinstated .
Last Wednesday , June 24 , an extraordinary meeting of the member nations of the Bolivarian Alternative for the Americas ( ALBA ) , of which Honduras is a member , was convened in Venezuela to welcome Ecuador , Antigua and Barbados , and St. Vincent to its ranks .
During the meeting , which was attended by Honduras ’ Foreign Minister Patricia Rodas , a statement was read supporting President Zelaya and condemning any attempts to undermine his mandate and Honduras ’ democratic processes .
Reports coming out of Honduras have revealed that the public television channel Canal 8 has been shut down by the coup forces .
Just minutes ago , Telesur announced that the military in Honduras is shutting down all electricity throughout the country .
Those television and radio stations still transmitting are not reporting the coup d’etat or the kidnapping of President Zelaya , according to Foreign Minister Patricia Rodas .
“ Telephones and electricity are being cut off ” , confirmed Rodas just minutes ago via Telesur .
“ The media are showing cartoons and soap operas and are not informing the people of Honduras about what is happening . ”
The situation is eerily reminiscent of the April 2002 coup d’etat against President Chávez in Venezuela , when the media played a key role by first manipulating information to support the coup and then later blacking out all information when the people began protesting and eventually overcame and defeated the coup forces , rescuing Chávez ( who had also been kidnapped by the military ) and restoring constitutional order .
Honduras is a nation that has been the victim of dictatorships and massive US intervention during the past century , including several military invasions .
The last major US government intervention in Honduras occured during the 1980s , when the Reagain administration funded death squads and paramilitaries to eliminate any potential “ communist threats ” in Central America .
At the time , John Negroponte was the US ambassador in Honduras and was responsible for directly funding and training Honduran death squads that were responsible for thousands of people being disappeared and assassinated throughout the region .
On June 26 , the Organization of American States ( OAS ) convened a special meeting to discuss the crisis in Honduras , later issuing a statement condeming the threats to democracy and authorising a convoy of representatives to travel to OAS to investigate further .
Nevertheless , on June 26 , US assistant secretary of state Phillip J. Crowley refused to clarify the US government ’s position in reference to a potential coup against President Zelaya , and instead issued a more ambiguous statement that implied Washington ’s support for the opposition to the Honduran president .
While most other Latin American governments had clearly indicated their adamant condemnation of the coup plans underway in Honduras and their solid support for Honduras ’ constitutionally elected president , Manual Zelaya , the US spokesperson stated the following , “ We are concerned about the breakdown in the political dialogue among Honduran politicians over the proposed June 28 poll on constitutional reform .
We urge all sides to seek a consensual democratic resolution in the current political impasse that adheres to the Honduran constitution and to Honduran laws consistent with the principles of the Inter - American Democratic Charter . "
US role
As of 10:30 am on June 28 , no further statements have been issued by the Washington concerning the military coup in Honduras .
The Central American nation is highly dependent on the US economy , which ensures one of its top sources of income , the monies sent from Hondurans working in the US under the “ temporary protected status ” program that was implemented during Washington ’s dirty war in the
1980s as a result of massive immigration to US territory to escape the war zone .
Another major source of funding in Honduras is USAID , providing over US $ 50 million annually for “ democracy promotion ” programs , which generally supports NGOs and political parties favourable to US interests , as has been the case in Venezuela , Bolivia and other countries in the region .
The Pentagon also maintains a military base in Honduras in Soto Cano , with approximately 500 troops and numerous airforce combat planes and helicopters .
Foreign Minister Rodas has stated that she has repeatedly tried to make contact with the US ambassador in Honduras , Hugo Llorens , who has not responded to any of her calls thus far .
The modus operandi of the coup makes clear that Washington is involved .
Neither the Honduran military , which is majority trained by US forces , nor the political and economic elite , would act to oust a democratically elected president without the backing and support of the US government .
President Zelaya has increasingly come under attack by the conservative forces in Honduras for his growing relationship with the ALBA countries , and particularly Venezuela and President Chávez .
Many believe the coup has been executed as a method of ensuring Honduras does not continue to unify with the more leftist and socialist countries in Latin America .
[ Eva Golinger is Venezuelan - American attorney , writer and investigator living in Caracas .
She is author of The Chávez Code : Cracking US Intervention in Venezuela ( 2005 ) and Bush vs. Chávez : Washington 's War on Venezuela . ]
For Justice Sotomayor , the new job will start with hearing the election - law case Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission .
It concerns whether the government may limit the showing of a negative documentary about Hillary Rodham Clinton under the campaign finance laws , and it attracted only limited attention when it was first argued in March .
In an unusual move in June , though , the court set the case down for re-argument on Sept. 9 , asking the parties to address the question of whether it should overrule a foundational decision about the regulation of corporate speech and part of a decision upholding the McCain - Feingold campaign finance law .
Erwin Chemerinsky , the dean of the law school at the University of California , Irvine , said Citizens United is “ one of the most important First Amendment cases in years . ”
“ It has , ” Mr. Chemerinsky added , “ the potential for dramatically changing all federal , state and local elections if the court holds that corporations have a First Amendment right to contribute money to candidates . ”
The docket is also studded with business cases , and the decisions in them will provide hints about how the court will treat disputes arising from economic legislation pushed through Congress by the Obama administration .
“ The Supreme Court , ” said Joseph A. Grundfest , a law professor at Stanford , “ will likely issue important decisions defining the permissible level of punitive damages , the validity of business method patents , whether and when parallel conduct among competitors violates the antitrust laws , and statutes of limitations in securities fraud action .
But who the heck knows how Justice Sotomayor will vote in any of these cases ? ”
A former prosecutor , district and appellate court judge , she has a more fully developed record on criminal issues .
Her views are in some ways more conservative than those of Justice Souter , meaning that this is an area where her vote may make a difference .
TOKYO 
How old does a building have to be before we appreciate its value ?
And when does its cultural importance trump practical considerations ?
Those are the questions that instantly come to mind over the likely destruction of Kisho Kurokawa ’s historic Nakagin Capsule Tower .
A rare built example of Japanese Metabolism , a movement whose fantastic urban visions became emblems of the country ’s postwar cultural resurgence , the 1972 Capsule Tower is in a decrepit state .
Its residents , tired of living in squalid , cramped conditions , voted two years ago to demolish it and are now searching for a developer to replace it with a bigger , more modern tower .
That the building is still standing has more to do with the current financial malaise than with an understanding of its historical worth .
Image Composed of 140 pods , the Nakagin Capsule Tower in Tokyo has fallen into disrepair , with leaks and maintenance problems .
Credit ... Jim O’Connell for The New York Times
Yet for many of us who believe that the way we treat our cultural patrimony is a fair measure of how enlightened we are as a society , the building ’s demolition would be a bitter loss .
The Capsule Tower is not only gorgeous architecture ; like all great buildings , it is the crystallization of a far - reaching cultural ideal .
Its existence also stands as a powerful reminder of paths not taken , of the possibility of worlds shaped by different sets of values .
A man was knifed in the buttocks following a fight over a car park space in Sydney 's west last night .
Police said the 26 - year - old got into an argument with a woman over a car park at a Parramatta shopping centre about 8 pm .
The man took the park and went inside to do his shopping , while the woman , still outside , called two friends on her mobile phone .
Police allege two men soon arrived at the shopping centre and went inside to find the 26 - year - old , challenging him in the food court .
Police said the two men then assaulted the 26 - year - old , stabbing him in the buttocks and bashing him .
The owner of a voter - registration company pleaded guilty Tuesday to voter - registration fraud , according to the Los Angeles County district attorney ’s office .
Laguna Beach resident Mark Jacoby , who collects signatures for petition drives , pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor and was sentenced to three years ' probation and 30 days of service with the California Department of Transportation .
Jacoby , owner of Young Political Majors , registered to vote at Los Angeles addresses that were not his own .
State law requires petition circulators to be qualified voters .
Jacoby will also be required to show proof he is registered at his correct address .
-- Sam Quinones
Australia squared the series at 1 - 1 and sent the Ashes to its first deciding fifth
Test since 1966 after defeating England in the fourth Test at Headingley by a convincing innings and 80 runs .
Requiring only five wickets for victory on the third day , Australia took until just after lunch to finally overcome some cheeky tail - end resistance and bowl England out for 263 .
The win sets up a gripping fifth and final Test match at The Oval in 10 days ' time , with Australia needing only a draw in that match to retain the urn after a 5 - 0 sweep at home last series .
England was in danger of falling to its heaviest home Ashes defeat when Ben Hilfenhaus removed Jimmy Anderson with the third ball of the morning before claiming the scalp of Matt Prior on 22 after a spectacular diving catch by Brad Haddin .
But Stuart Broad ( 61 ) and Graeme Swan ( 62 ) put England on the offensive with a mix of lusty and confident strokeplay that was noticeably absent from its middle order .
Broad and Swan put on 108 runs from 75 balls for the eighth wicket as they sent the Australian seamers to all parts , much to the delight of the Leeds crowd .
The explosive pair helped the hosts pile on an unlikely 163 runs for the loss of three wickets in just 24 first - session overs .
Broad smashed 10 fours in his fourth
Test half - century before finally holing out to Peter Siddle at deep mid wicket while Swan was unluckily given out caught behind from Mitchell Johnson after the luncheon break .
Advantage Australia
Johnson ended the innings with 5 for 69 with fellow destroyer and series leading wicket taker Hilfenhaus returning figures of 4 for 60 to establish themselves as Australia 's premier pace pair .
The usually economical Stuart Clark came in for the most stick , similar to what he dished out with the bat before tea on day two , finishing with embarrassing figures of 0 for 74 from 11 overs .
Marcus North was named man - of - the - match after his 110 in Australia 's first innings of 445 , his second century of the series .
The Australian triumph continues what has been a rollercoaster series of momentum .
England celebrated like it was a victory after holding on for a draw in the first Test at Cardiff before dominant displays at Lord 's and Edgbaston seemingly put the pressure squarely on holders Australia .
But the riposte from Ricky Ponting 's men has been swift and impressive on the back of a marvellous performance on day one to bowl England out for 102 before skittling their opponents again just five sessions later .
Ponting said he could not have asked for anything more from his team .
" To bowl England out for 100 is obviously where the game has been won , " he said .
" But when we had our chance to bat we really put our foot on their throats and we kept them down and really demoralised them .
" Then when we had our chance to bowl again we were spot on again . "
Selection dramas
Whilst Australia is likely to stick with its winning XI for The Oval barring any unforseen injury concerns , England has a myriad of selection headaches - not least the fitness of spearhead Andrew Flintoff .
The 31 - year - old Flintoff will be given every chance to inspire England in his final ever Test should he recover from the very knee injury that is ending his career .
But the hosts ' real worries lie in its porous middle order without centrepiece Kevin Pietersen , with Ravi Bopara , Ian Bell and Paul Collingwood contributing only 16 runs total from both innings at Headingley .
It was the worst ever performance by England 's middle order in Test history and first time in 121 years the number three , four and five batsmen each failed to make double figures in each innings .
England skipper Andrew Strauss said it was still no time to panic .
" It 's pretty hard to take .
We did n't really turn up at this game and we 've got to take it on the chin , " he said .
" That [ middle order collapse ] was n't ideal , that 's something we have to look at .
" The players have to ask themselves why that happened and as a batting unit we have to decide whether we did things the right way in preparation for the game . "
A defendable suggestion would be to reverse the English line - up to promote Prior , Broad and Swan who have helped the bottom five score nearly as many runs as their top order team - mates in the series .
Strauss is the only English batsman to feature in the top six runscorers after four Tests .
South African - born Jonathan Trott and Robert Key appear to be next in line should England 's selectors decide to wield the axe .
England will take some solace from the fact it has won 15 and lost six of the 34 meetings against Australia at The Oval .
Australia will play an England Lions team in a two - day tour match starting on August 15 in Kent .
[ In this in - depth Gamasutra analysis , game professional Breslin examines the history and current state of the ' sandbox game ' , looking at modern games like Grand Theft Auto IV and Spore to see how they fulfill the concept of unlimited , unfettered creativity . ]
It 's such a buzzword nowadays -- sandbox .
It is a very abstract concept , like " liberty " or " love , " so there are a lot of varieties .
Modern sandbox games draw from a wide range of design structures : from open - world design to emergent behavior , from automation of believable agents to multi- threaded or non-linear story .
Being applied in such a broad range of situations means that the word " sandbox " risks its meaning becoming watered - down , confused , and sometimes forgotten .
On the other hand , it remains the single most important design issue for current and future generation games .
It 's a great blessing to spend a while in serious thought , on such a critically defining idea .
Let us take this opportunity , then , to reflect upon the different ideas we as gamers and designers have of the notion .
Let us think about where the whole idea came from , and consider where we 've come to , as we look toward the many futures of this wonderful little concept .
Just to get rolling , let 's consider the concept in abstract :
The Ironies of the Metaphor
The concept of sandbox - style gameplay , as we know , suggests more - or - less undirected free - play .
The metaphor is a child playing in a sandbox : the child produces a world from sand , the most basic of material .
This in contrast to a game where the upper - level content is presented fully formed and ordered .
The metaphor of " sandbox " suggests something pure and free .
It implies that it is a young child in the sandbox ( and a pre-videogame child at that , with no toys ) , and assumes an idealized childhood imagination , an unlimited creativity .
It is a good metaphor , and a useful one , but the metaphor is also a little misleading , insofar as it suggests a sort of dream - world imaginative capability of the audience , which is not always justified .
The implications of the metaphor are not necessarily carried over by game designers : we anticipate that less imaginative players will get less out of a sandbox game , and this is fine .
But even so , the idea of leveraging the player 's imagination is quite ambitious , and more than a little risky .
By itself , this design concept is so ambitious -- " give them a sandbox , and they will build castles " -- that it must be met with a far greater investment in making the sandbox actually work , which generally means much more money and time invested across all levels of production , and particularly upper - level design and writing .
It means an especially close relationship between programming and upper - level design , with the anticipation that the upper - level design will often determine the lower - level specifications .
If normal game design is developing upper - level material ( missions , etc. ) based on an engine , sandbox design is writing an engine to express upper - level gameplay concepts .
Of course , it 's very silly to put it so simply as that : indeed , game production is always a back - and - forth between programming and design .
But basically , sandbox design requires the development of engines which enable open exploration in various ways , engines which support upper - level sandbox design by providing systems for the handling of the sandbox elements .
It 's fun work for a systems programmer , but it 's not easy .
Then , on the upper level , sandbox requires design which emphasizes and encourages free - play , as well as the development and implementation of a wide range of dynamic interactive elements .
And it 's not just the presentation of the sandbox elements and the play space , but it 's handling all of the player 's various interactions , all the possible combinations .
To say it very simply , a typical game must respond to correct input , while a sandbox game must reward all input .
While a physical sandbox is very easy to build ( compared with most other toys ) , the sandbox game generally requires far more work than similar , less open and responsive games .
Unlike the person who builds a physical sandbox , a sandbox - style game designer cannot simply offload the creative effort onto the gamer .
The Necessary Framework
Unfortunately , sandbox design is sometimes taken to justify the exact opposite : " sandbox " sometimes serves as an excuse for less investment , particularly in high - level design .
Sandbox elements can be mistakenly taken as fair replacements of narrative content ; indeed , many games have missed their potential because they imagined that free - play would compensate for a lack of narrative .
But even for our idealized child , playing around in a physical sandbox gets old pretty quick .
This principle design problem of sandbox - oriented gameplay is already subtly suggested by the sandbox metaphor itself : a child playing in a sandbox needs a lot of direction if they 're going to have very much fun .
They need toys first , and they need to be given ideas of things they can do with them .
The parent needs to provide a meaningful framework .
Just dropping a kid in a sandbox does not work .
The same is true of sandbox design .
If the design effort fails to produce a game rich in intriguing potential , it 's very much like shipping a literal sandbox .
--
Imagine a game - box literally filled with sand : the open - minded player might enjoy playing in the sand a bit , but the gameplay really is n't worth a lot .
The necessary framework guides the presentation of the sandbox elements as the world develops and unfolds .
This is often expressed as a reward system , which can involve new areas to explore and new stuff to do , more difficult gameplay structures to navigate , more story unfolding , more missions becoming available , and so on .
It can be based on exploring the space of the game ( exploring Liberty City for example ) , and it can be based on watching the game - world develop over time .
It often means scattering a great number of narrative elements across the game - world for the player to discover .
Rather than presenting the sandbox as " here 's a box of toys , goodbye , " the framework gives some strategic order to the game 's elements , a presentational structure -- and thus it gives the player periodic rewards for playing .
A common misconception is that the stories of sandbox games are not determined by the game 's developer : instead , the story is supposedly determined and directed by the player .
But even designers of the most free - form sandbox games must specialize in producing worlds which are geared towards making that free - play fun .
If the sandbox is interesting ( and this is by no means guaranteed ! ) , then the game 's potentialities , the potential interest and fun -- including the narrative undercurrent and whatever else makes the free - play engaging and worth the time -- are all very carefully handled by the developer .
" Sandbox " sometimes challenges traditional narrative , but it always puts something new in its place .
--
Thus , it does not remove the narrative , but rather transforms predetermined narrative into dynamic , responsive narrative .
In other words , the sandbox game distinguished itself by making the responses more significant and meaningful .
This is perhaps contrary to an image of sandbox play which emphasizes pure freedom , but again , sand by itself is not much fun .
Automated , complex , and perhaps most of all , directed responsiveness is essential to sandbox play , and the more complex and responsive the world , the more interesting the sandbox .
What is interesting about the sandbox form is not that it allows full freedom , but that it generalizes and parameterizes , it finds arenas for agency and gently crafts the potential space of the game .
It fosters a sense of free - play and exploration of that space .
It engenders a sense of player control , without actually handing over the reins entirely .
Most brand new entrepreneurs get hung up on the business formation process because they do n’t understand what types of businesses are out there .
Let ’s face it , not everyone has an MBA .
Not everyone is educated in the mechanics of starting a business .
But the good news is that launching an online business is not rocket science .
And the purpose of this guide is to lead you through all of the red tape that the government imposes on small businesses .
It ’s unfortunate , but most of the information required to start your own business is not centralized in any way .
The federal government requires several forms to be filled out , your state government has some more forms to fill out and finally your city usually requires some amount of paperwork as well .
The main problem is that each of these institutions do n’t have any knowledge about what needs to be done outside of their own jurisdiction .
For example , if you ask your local state office about what federal forms and regulations are required , they ’ll simply point you to IRS.gov .
Likewise , if you check online with the federal government , they wo n’t have a clue about your state regulations .
Compiling all of the necessary information and forms can be daunting which is why I documented all of our experiences in selecting our legal entity .
Disclaimer : I ’m not a tax or legal expert .
All advice described in this article is based on my own research and are not guaranteed to be completely accurate .
Rules change all of the time and you should check up on everything I have to say below .
Do You Need To Form A Legal Entity ?
One of the most common questions I get asked is whether you need to register your business or incorporate if your business does n’t generate much revenue .
In other words , should you bother incorporating , getting your sellers permit and businesses licenses if you ’re not making any money .
The answer is a resounding yes and here ’s why .
If you are serious about your business , then you should complete all of the necessary paperwork to become legal .
Especially if you accept credit cards , your business can easily be exposed .
If the government finds out you are not registered , you could become subject to fines and penalties or your business could be shut down .
If you do n’t pay taxes on your earnings , the IRS can track you down and impose criminal charges and even jail time .
However if you are just a hobby business or occasionally sell junk out of your garage on Ebay , you can probably get away with it .
But even so , you should keep in mind that there are many tax benefits in making your business official .
For example , you can write off business expenses and even reduce your own personal taxes if your business takes a loss .
In the end , it ’s up to you whether you want to take the risk of getting caught .
Once you are in the government system , you open yourself up to the wonderful world of forms , rules and regulations .
Do n’t worry though , I ’ll try to walk you through it .
At the bare minimum , I will cover what I ’ve gone through with our business .
What ’s Covered In This Guide ?
I ’m going to be covering the basics of becoming a legit business and why we made the decisions we did in turning our business into an LLC .
Update : Due to the tax law changes for 2018 , we are considering changing to a C Corp
Specifically , I ’m going to write about …
Deciding on a corporate structure –
You might think that you can get away with being just a sole proprietorship but there are many things to consider depending on the nature of your business .
– You might think that you can get away with being just a sole proprietorship but there are many things to consider depending on the nature of your business .
Trademarks – Choosing your own unique domain name and making sure that your business name is not already taken is an extremely important step when starting your own venture .
I ’ll go over some of the legal requirements and pitfalls involved .
– Choosing your own unique domain name and making sure that your business name is not already taken is an extremely important step when starting your own venture .
I ’ll go over some of the legal requirements and pitfalls involved .
Small Business Requirements
And Permits – I ’ll go through all of the red tape and paperwork that we needed to fill out to make our business legal
– I ’ll go through all of the red tape and paperwork that we needed to fill out to make our business legal An Overview Of Small Business Taxes – I ’ll go through what can and can not be deducted on your taxes .
– I ’ll go through what can and can not be deducted on your taxes .
Hiring Employees Vs Contractors –
Once your business gets to a certain size , you ’ll need to make some important decisions on whether to hire employees or use contractors .
Both decisions have their own unique implications
– Once your business gets to a certain size , you ’ll need to make some important decisions on whether to hire employees or use contractors .
Both decisions have their own unique implications Bookkeeping – An overview of what records to keep and how to document profits and losses
– An overview of what records to keep and how to document profits and losses Getting Professional Help – Working with lawyers , accountants etc …
Do n’t Be Afraid
All of the paperwork is n’t so bad once you go through it once .
The main purpose of these articles are to make you aware of what to expect as you go through the process .
And hopefully , you wo n’t be afraid to take the plunge .
If you have additional questions , feel free to email me or reach out to CorpNet and get a free 1 on 1 consult .
Your Corporate Structure Options – C Corp Vs S Corp vs LLC vs Sole Proprietorship
Most people who aspire to start their own business already have some idea about the different corporate structure options available to them .
And it ’s a well known fact that most business owners choose their legal structure based on one criteria : limited liability for business debts .
For the purposes of this guide , rather than rehash all of the nitty gritty that you can simply read about in any book , this guide will try to summarize and simplify the decision making process for you .
In addition , I will also discuss the reasons why we chose to form an LLC for our company .
Disclaimer : I ’m not a legal or a tax expert .
All information reflected in this guide should not be treated as absolute fact .
The rules for all of the various legal structures change all of the time and you should check with a professional when making the final decision .
A Personal Story And How We Weighed The Tradeoffs
When my wife and I first started out with our online wedding linens business , cashflow was of the utmost importance .
We needed money to purchase inventory , to setup the necessary infrastructure for the business and we desperately wanted to turn a profit as soon as we could .
Because forming any legal structure outside of a sole proprietorship would have cost us a good chunk of change ( especially in California ) , paying money to form an LLC or corporation was the last thing on our minds .
So we stuck with a sole proprietorship for a year until we started chatting with some of my lawyer friends .
You might think that selling wedding linens to the end consumer might be about as safe as it gets in terms of liability .
But when my lawyer friends started citing ridiculous court cases in which small business owners were sued and forced into bankruptcy , I realized that no business is safe from litigation especially in America .
The reality is that you never know when you ’re going to get sued so you better be prepared .
In any case , I wanted to start by going over some of the obvious red flags for businesses that definitely REQUIRE liability protection .
Basically , do n’t be a sole proprietorship if you are thinking about starting …
Any business that creates or sells edible goods
that creates or sells edible goods
Any business that involves driving or operating any machinery
that involves driving or operating any machinery
Any business that cares for children or animals
that cares for children or animals
Any business that may result in either mental or physical injury .
Ie , if you run a paintball business , or a coaching business etc …
that may result in either mental or physical injury .
Ie , if you run a paintball business , or a coaching business etc …
Any business that involves expensive merchandise or a high upfront cost to begin
that involves expensive merchandise or a high upfront cost to begin
Any business that deals with alcohol or drugs
Making the decision to incorporate or to form an LLC depends on the risk factors for your business .
So the first thing you need to do is sit down , assess your risk tolerance and decide whether limited liability is a requirement .
Keep in mind that even if you choose to remain a sole proprietorship , you can still purchase business liability insurance in case an emergency arises .
When our business was still a sole proprietorship , getting product liability insurance was the route that we took because it was significantly cheaper at the time and we were n’t as concerned about not being able to pay our business debts as we were about getting sued .
Getting product liability insurance is still a good idea even if you do plan to incorporate or get an LLC .
Note :
In retrospect , it probably would have made more sense to form an LLC and forego business insurance until later because our business had no assets when we first got started .
A Summary Of Your Legal Entity Options
Below is a brief summary of each of the different corporate structures .
Before proceeding with the rest of this article , you might want to refresh your knowledge regarding some of these legal entities before I discuss them in depth .
Is A Sole Proprietorship For Me ?
If you fear excessive paperwork and you want to keep it simple , then a sole proprietorship is the way to go .
Establishing a sole proprietorship is so easy , that you do n’t have to do anything at all .
By default , the IRS considers all business owners sole proprietors .
Because going with a sole proprietorship is stress free and easy , many people stay as solos early on .
Since everyone has their own situation however , below are a few questions you should ask yourself .
Is Liability a Concern ?
Are you selling items or services that are prone to getting sued ?
For example , do you sell any food articles or anything that could be potentially dangerous ?
If you require liability protection , then sole proprietorships are definitely not for you .
Since the US is such a litigious country , anyone can sue you for almost any reason .
If you do n’t have liability protection , you could go bankrupt as a result of your business .
Just because you are a sole prop though , does n’t mean you ca n’t still protect yourself from liability .
For example , if the goods you are purveying are relatively safe , you can choose to get product liability insurance instead .
Often times , you can select an insurance package that can cover you for anything that may arise .
Is Your Business Losing Money ?
The beauty of a sole proprietorship is that the business losses can be deducted directly from your taxable income .
In the beginning , when your business is not profitable , you can save money on your taxes by declaring a loss .
Keep in mind that all of the same rules regarding business deductions apply to sole proprietors as well .
Do You Want to Keep it Simple ?
Sole proprietorships have the simplest tax rules and there are absolutely no setup costs required .
Its easy to go in and out of business whenever you feel like it with little or no paperwork .
The book keeping required is much simpler as well and you get to pocket all of the profits and losses .
Best of all , you do n’t have to file a separate tax return because there is no separate business entity .
Is A C Corporation For Me ?
I used to think that C corporations were meant only for large successful companies .
When I think of C Corps , I think of big names like Microsoft , Google and IBM and definitely not a small business .
In reality , it ’s pretty easy to become a c corporation .
Anyone can file for C corporation status , but typically small businesses shy away from C corps until they are solidly profitable .
Because the C corporation is probably the most complicated corporate structure that you can possibly have , there are a lot of questions that you should ask yourself before you decide to become one .
Are You Ready For the Paperwork ?
C corporations require the most paperwork of all of the corporate structures .
There are complicated tax rules involved and legal and accounting costs as well .
In short , a C corp is probably the most expensive way to go and you will inevitably require professional help to maintain it .
In addition to all of this , the state will probably charge you a yearly fee or percentage of the profits just to maintain corporation status .
In California , corporations are charged 1.5 % of the profits or 800 dollars a year ( whichever is higher ) .
You have to pay this whether you are profitable or not .
Do You Require Limited Liability ?
There are many other corporate structures that provide limited liability , so limited liability is generally not your primary concern when choosing a C Corporation .
Similar to an S corp or an LLC , a C corp will shield you from high business risks that ca n’t be sufficiently covered by insurance .
Is Your Business Profitable ?
If your answer is a resounding yes , then this is where the C corporation advantages truly start to shine .
Unlike S corporations or LLCs ( check with your state ) , C corporations can leave profits within the business .
Typically , these profits are taxed at substantially lower rates .
For example , the tax rate is a flat 21 % as of December 2017 .
Compare that to your individual income tax rate which can get as high as 39.6 % and you ’ll see that you can save a tremendous amount on your taxes .
Especially if the C corporation is entirely run by you or your family , you can leave most of your money within the business and make purchases using your corporation ’s assets instead of your own .
This practice is called income splitting .
Let ’s say that your corporation made 100k in profit for the calendar year and your individual tax rate is 30 % .
Instead of paying 100 k to yourself and getting hit with a 30 k tax bill , you can leave 50 K within your corporation which is only taxed at 21 % .
Your individual tax bill goes down to only 15 k and your corporation pays only 10.5 K which nets you a savings of 4.5 k in taxes !
The important thing to remember is that corporate losses in a C Corp can not be used to offset your personal income taxes .
Because C Corps are considered a separate entity , corporate losses can only be used to offset corporate gains .
That is why a business that is losing money should look towards an S Corp instead .
The general rule of thumb is that a business should be making at least 100k in profits to consider becoming a C Corp .
Do You Have More Than 75 Shareholders ?
If you plan on obtaining outside funding or giving out stock options to employees , you pretty much have to become a C Corporation in order to do so .
Do You Need to Have Easy Access to Business Funds ?
Because a corporation is literally a separate entity in the eyes of the law , it can be a hassle to take money out of the business .
For example , if you wanted to buy a house and tap into your corporation , you would have to do some paperwork and pay yourself a dividend .
This dividend would then have to be declared on your individual income tax return as dividend income .
In other words , you will get taxed twice .
All transactions that take place between you and your business must be clearly documented .
How Do I Form A C Corp ?
Forming a C Corporation can be a confusing task .
There are several different forms that you need to fill out and many rules associated with starting and running a C Corp .
If you are thinking about forming a C Corp , I highly recommend having a third party do the paperwork for you .
For example CorpNet.com is a company that specializes in small business formation for a very reasonable fee .
Rather than have to trudge through all of the different forms and legalese , it ’s far easier to have CorpNet.com handle everything for you .
Plus , they ’ll give you a free consult as well .
Is An S Corporation For Me ?
In general , S Corporations are valuable when you require the limited liability protection that a corporation provides and when your business is not profitable .
S corporations are pass through entities which means that all income is passed directly to the shareholders who pay taxes under their own individual income tax rates .
As a result , the S corporation itself does not have to pay any federal income taxes .
Before electing to create an S corporation , here are a few questions that you should be asking yourself .
Do You Absolutely Require Limited Liability ?
Filing for an S corporation requires a significant amount of paperwork compared to a sole proprietorship .
Even though the income for an S corporation is passed directly to the individual , a separate tax return must be filed because an S corp is treated as a separate tax paying entity .
In addition , an S corporation must file and pay employment taxes on its employees as well .
You must also take into consideration that your state may charge a fee as well in order to be incorporated .
For example , the state of California charges a minimum 800 dollar yearly fee or 1.5 % tax ( whichever is higher ) to maintain the corporation status .
This fee exists whether or not you make any money at all .
Is it worth the hassle ?
If you absolutely require limited liability , then the answer is yes .
However , also keep in the back of your mind that you can get product liability insurance with a sole proprietorship to protect your assets with less hassle .
Is Your Business Profitable ?
If the answer is yes , then chances are an S corp is not a good idea .
The main advantage of an S corp is that you can pass your losses directly into your individual income tax return .
As soon as your business is profitable , there are alternative corporate structures to consider such as a C corporation in which you can save more on your taxes .
Do you Qualify ?
In order to qualify for S corporation status , you must meet the following guidelines .
All shareholders must be US citizens or permanent residents .
You ca n’t have more than 75 shareholders .
You can only issue one class of stock .
All stock you issue has the same privileges for everyone
Do You Want To Reinvest Profits Back Into Your Business ?
If the answer is yes , then an S corporation is not the answer for you .
Because S corporations are not allowed to keep earnings within the corporation , they must be paid out to shareholders every year .
As a result , no money stays with the corporation at all .
All of the profits are taxed at your individual income tax bracket .
How Do I Form An S Corp ?
Just like a C Corp , forming an S Corporation can be a confusing task .
There are several different forms that you need to fill out and many rules associated with starting and running an S Corp .
If you are thinking about forming an S Corp , I highly recommend having a third party do the paperwork for you .
Is An LLC For Me ?
I think of limited liability companies or LLCs as a hybrid between an S corporation and a sole proprietorship .
LLCs , like S Corps and sole proprietorships , are pass through tax entities in that taxes on income are filed under an individual ’s income tax return .
The LLC also provides limited liability protection .
The main advantage of LLCs is that it can provide you with limited liability protection without the hefty paperwork requirements of corporations .
So what questions should you ask yourself ?
Do You Really Need Limited Liability ?
The LLC is very attractive from a limited liability standpoint mainly because of the informal low cost aspect of running one .
Compared to a corporation , there is much less paperwork involved and its extremely easy to form and dissolve .
However the liability protection , like a corporation , comes at a cost .
All states treat LLCs differently in terms of taxes and fees .
You need to check with your state , but California has pretty unfavorable tax laws for LLCs .
In California , every year you have to pay an 800 dollar franchise fee no matter what .
In addition to this 800 dollars , you also have to pay a flat fee determined by your total income .
Total income in this case means gross sales or revenue as opposed to net income .
For example , let ’s say that I made 500k in revenues but only 10 k in total profit .
I would have to pay $ 800 + $ 2500 in yearly franchise fees regardless of the fact that I only made 10 k net .
Here ’s a table of fees charged by California taken directly from ca.gov .
If total annual income is equal to or over – but not over –
$ 250,000 to $ 499,999 the fee is $ 900
$ 500,000 to $ 999,999 the fee is $ 2,500
$ 1,000,000 to $ 4,999,999 the fee is $ 6,000
$ 5,000,000 and over the fee is $ 11,790
Is Your Business Profitable ?
Assuming you require limited liability protection , the decision then falls between LLCs , S Corps or C Corps .
There are a few rules of thumb here that I will describe below when choosing between the 3 .
Please take these rules with a grain of salt because you should always calculate what works the best for your business .
If your business is losing money , then generally an S Corporation or an LLC is the better option from a tax standpoint because you can incur the losses on your individual tax return .
, then generally an S Corporation or an LLC is the better option from a tax standpoint because you can incur the losses on your individual tax return .
If you require limited liability with as little paperwork as possible , an LLC is the way to go
with as little paperwork as possible , an LLC is the way to go If your business makes over 100 k a year , a C corp offers the best tax savings at the expense of increased paperwork and regulatory filings .
, a C corp offers the best tax savings at the expense of increased paperwork and regulatory filings .
If you are deciding between an S Corp or an LLC , an LLC is generally more favorable when your profit margins are higher .
You should calculate the break even point in terms of fees and make a decision based on your projected revenues and profits .
How Do I Form An LLC ?
Forming an LLC is fairly simple .
Depending on your state , most of the time forming an LLC involves filling out only a single form .
In general though , finding and filling out the proper forms can be confusing .
If you feel like you need assistance , CorpNet can do all of it for you for a few hundred bucks .
Take This Survey To See What Legal Entity You Should Form
If you ’ve assessed your risks and decided that you need liability protection , there are basically 3 choices , a C Corporation , an S Corporation and an LLC .
The choice amongst the 3 depends on some very important factors .
Here are the main considerations .
Do you plan on issuing stock options to attract or raise capital ?
If the answer is yes , you pretty much have no choice .
You have to form a corporation .
S Corporations are limited to only 75 members so if you require more shareholders , you must form a C Corporation .
Do you ever plan to take your company public ?
Once again if the answer is yes , you pretty much have to form a C corporation .
Did you answer no to the above questions ?
If so , then choosing to form an LLC usually makes the most sense .
The simplicity and flexibility of having an LLC gives it a clear advantage over a corporation .
In general , if you choose to go the corporation route , you ’ll need to consult an accountant or a tax lawyer to help you with the fine details of running a corporation .
Just to give you an idea , running any corporation involves quite a bit more time and expense .
For example , you need to hold regular board of directors and shareholders meetings and keep corporate minutes .
You need to adopt the various corporation bylaws , issue stock to shareholders and keep records and transactions of the business completely separate from those of the owners .
If you are a one man show , then this might not be a big deal but it can become cumbersome with many members .
An LLC offers you the ability to be taxed as a corporation ( S or C ) as well which grants you the flexibility to leave some money in your business at lower tax rates much like a C corporation .
All of this comes with far less paperwork .
In a nutshell , you can do almost anything with an LLC that you can do with a corporation with far less burden .
What ’s Different Between An LLC And An S Corporation ?
LLCs are relatively new .
Before LLCs existed however , forming an S Corporation was the structure of choice for those who wanted pass profits directly through to the owners like a sole proprietorship .
The main difference between the two is that …
S corporations may not have more than 75 shareholders who all must be US citizens or residents .
In an LLC , any type of person , foreign or domestic , can become a member .
who all must be US citizens or residents .
In an LLC , any type of person , foreign or domestic , can become a member .
Shareholders of an S corporation must allocate profits exactly according to the percentage ownership of the company .
For example , if I own 60 % of the shares , I must get paid 60 % of the profits .
In an LLC , you can distribute the profits however you want .
according to the percentage ownership of the company .
For example , if I own 60 % of the shares , I must get paid 60 % of the profits .
In an LLC , you can distribute the profits however you want .
S corporations are still corporations and must abide by the corporate rules .
This means issuing stock , holding meetings , keeping minutes etc… LLC owners do n’t have to perform any of this overhead .
.
This means issuing stock , holding meetings , keeping minutes etc… LLC owners do n’t have to perform any of this overhead .
The LLC fee ( at least in California ) is 800 dollars .
There are additional fees imposed on an LLC that are based solely on revenue and not profits .
The S corporation fee ( in California ) on the other hand is based entirely on profits alone .
What is means is that it might be cheaper to run an S corporation if you have high revenues but low profits .
In general , LLCs are cheaper if you have higher profit margins ( at least in California )
Why We Chose An LLC
Since our online store is very profitable , you might be wondering why we did n’t go the C corporation route .
The reality is that our online wedding linens store is probably never going to go public and we certainly are n’t going to be raising large sums of money from investors .
Our business was meant to be small so my wife could quit her job and stay at home with our kids .
In a nutshell , we did n’t want to deal with the additional headache and paperwork that a corporation requires .
Since an LLC allows you the flexibility to be taxed as a corporation as well , this more or less gives you almost all of the benefits of a corporation without all of the hassle .
In the end , this made forming an LLC a no brainer for us .
Note :
Due to the new tax law changes in 2017 , we may change our decision to go with a C Corp .
Stay tuned : )
Should You Follow In Our Footsteps ?
One thing to keep in mind is that the rules for an LLC differ in every single state so you really need to do your own research depending on your locality .
You also need to check whether your business is even eligible to form an LLC .
For example in California , professional services businesses may not form an LLC .
In general though , if you know that you are going to be small and stay small , LLCs are the way to go if you want limited liability without too much hassle .
If you have higher aspirations for your business and would like to go public someday , it is generally desirable to start out as an S Corporation until you are profitable .
You can then switch over to a C Corporation in order to take advantage of income splitting .
If you have additional questions , feel free to email me or reach out to CorpNet and get a free 1 on 1 consult .
OTTAWA  “ It ’s a Scandal , ” an exceptionally large front - page headline in The Saint John Telegraph - Journal proclaimed last month above an article about what the prime minister of Canada did , or did not , do with a communion wafer .
Last week , the wafer issue resurfaced on the front page of the newspaper .
But this time as more of an embarrassment .
In a lengthy correction , the New Brunswick newspaper said that “ there was no credible support ” for the article ’s claim that Prime Minister Stephen Harper had pocketed the wafer during the funeral of a former governor - general or that a Roman Catholic priest was demanding an explanation from his office .
Unusually , the newspaper apologized not just to Mr. Harper but also to the two reporters whose names appeared on the article , adding that the errors were introduced “ in the editing process ” and were included “ without the knowledge of the reporters and without any credible support for them . ”
The fallout did not stop there .
Shortly after the article appeared , the publisher , a member of New Brunswick ’s most powerful family whose holdings include The Telegraph - Journal , and the newspaper ’s editor were removed from their jobs .
By Catrin Nye
BBC Asian Network
Mr Singh says
Sikh officers will have specialist knowledge of the culture Sikh victims of crime in London are to be given the option of asking for a police officer of their own faith to work on their case .
This new service from the Metropolitan Police ( Met ) aims to make use of the officers ' specialist knowledge of Punjabi culture to help with cases like forced marriage and so - called honour crime .
Officers within the Met have told the BBC Asian Network that crimes in the community have gone unsolved and unreported because of a lack of understanding of the culture by officers from a " white " background .
Palbinder Singh , chairman of the Metropolitan Police Sikh Association ( MPSA ) said : " It 's about understanding and appreciating difference .
" I do n't believe a white officer is ever going to be fully conversant with a Sikh for example .
" We have got evidence in the most serious type of crimes where Punjabi culture itself is the issue , that they have n't been properly investigated . "
Raise victim 's confidence
The new service will not allow victims of crime to prevent a white officer taking on their case .
However , they can ask for a Sikh officer to be involved and , if required , be their contact with the police .
A website also has been set up allowing crimes to be reported online .
Officers hope the website will give a voice to women who may be in danger of honour - based violence or forced marriage , or who are restricted from making an unsupervised phone call or leaving their home .
The Met said the new service , which has been pioneered by the MPSA , could be extended to other minority groups in future .
They [ police ] did not understand the methods of cover up in the Punjabi community
Jagdeesh Singh , murder victim's brother Ch Supt Joanna Young , from the Met 's Criminal Justice Policy Unit , said : " We want more victims to feel confident that when they do come forward , their needs will be addressed .
" I think it 's a great start and what we need to do is evaluate it ...
Does it make a difference ?
Can we sustain it ?
" Then if it 's clear it 's a success , I would encourage the other ( police ) associations to do likewise , " she added .
Jagdeesh Singh , whose 27 - year - old sister Surjit Athwal was murdered in a so - called honour killing , supports the scheme .
In 2007 Mrs Athwal 's husband and mother - in - law were convicted of her murder , almost 10 years after she went missing from home .
He said the case " exposed many gaps " .
" They did not understand the methods of cover up in the Punjabi community .
" The investigation only started to produce results when we had a Sikh officer allocated to the investigation .
" Prior to that for years and years we had a group of well - meaning officers who had great difficulty in comprehending the whole idea of an honour crime or honour killing , " Mr Singh said .
' Separating communities '
Mr Singh does concede that there needs to be more awareness of cultural crimes right across the police force .
" We need officers to become a lot more aware of the diverse communities they 're policing and that applies equally to Sikh officers , " he said .
" They need to be able to read the cultural signs in a crime . "
Other Sikhs in London , like Sandeep Singh and Sharan Kaur , agreed .
Mrs Athwal 's case progressed after a Sikh officer became involved However , arguing against such policing divisions , they said they are Sikh but also passionately British .
" It does n't matter what religion , what creed , colour you are , you need to be aware of issues that people deal with , " Sharan Kaur said .
" Because then you go into saying ' Muslim officers for Muslim crimes ' .
" Even though it may be cultural or even religious , police officers need the diplomacy to work with any customer , any crime .
Sikhism is about not separating , " he added .
Palbinder Singh said he understood there would be accusations of separating communities , but that criticism does not worry him .
" If this is going to help vulnerable victims of crime - people who do n't have the confidence in the police - to come forward , then please make all the accusations you want . "
You can hear Catrin 's report at 1230 and 1800 BST on Wednesday on the BBC Asian Network on DAB digital radio , Digital TV ( Sky 0119 , Freeview 709 , Virgin Media 912 ) or online via the BBC iPlayer .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
63 Comments :
tmlhkyfn said ...
Most do n't drive that way however ; I explained it to a lady one day & it was like a light went off in her head .
Yes I know I am replying to something 10 yrs old
Sunday , June 9 , 2019 at 1:17 PM
phoenix real estate market said ...
Thank you for your informative post .
You are right Jerks actually reduce the risk of traffic jams but , they increase the risk of accidents !!
Thus increasing the risk of " MAJOR " traffic jams !
The irony .
Sunday , May 19 , 2013 at 3:29 PM
Anonymous said ...
Anon 5:49 hit the nail on the head .
When traffic is congested , different rules apply .
If all drivers instantaneously pass on the left and merge back into the right lane , assuming a constant distance between cars , the throughput of the highway is halved .
If cars use both lanes , congestion is eased and throughput is increased .
Insisting that all but a few statistical outliers clog up the right lane is not going to ease congestion .
And , of course , as exemplified by the ridiculous comments on this page , 90 % of the population believes that they are the outlier , which makes such an arrangement unsustainable anyway .
Unfortunately , I do have to admit that tailgating , while not beneficial at all to the individual , is socially optimal excepting accidents .
If the average distance from front bumper to front bumper can be decreased by half , the throughput of the road doubles .
Still , it 's reckless , unnecessary , and stressful for all involved .
In the end , I do n't care what the research says .
If someone is , god forbid , actually going the speed limit in the left lane , there 's no need to tailgate or pass them on the right .
Think about your loved ones and their loved ones and just chill out .
Thursday , March 24 , 2011 at 1:49 PM
Types of cancer said ...
We all make mistakes while driving - but be fair enough to admit a mistake by apologizing .
This will take out some of the stress factor in those situations .
Use turn lights whenever make a lane change or turn .
If the car behind you has to hit the brakes hard to avoid an accident because you made turn without using the turn lights can even result in an accident .
Wednesday , October 13 , 2010 at 2:05 AM
Paul the St Albans Driving Instrcutor said ...
Tailgating seems to be a phenomenon that has missed the UK .
I am a driving instructor and even when i took my driving test ( ' ahem ' .. years ago :) ) we were taught the 3 second rule .
I teach it to my students now .
Trouble is , when on the motorway , you leave a space that big and someone is just bound to jump from the inside lane and fill it !!
Sunday , September 5 , 2010 at 12:25 PM
lovin life in Seattle said ...
That looks like the traffic in down town Seattle .
Tuesday , August 17 , 2010 at 2:22 PM
Jim at home in Phoenix said ...
I 'm shocked that the rule breakers are actually helping , I would have figured it to be the opposite .
It sure seems that way here in Phoenix Arizona .
Tuesday , August 17 , 2010 at 2:20 PM
Ajlouny said ...
Sounds like the perfect balance ... maybe .
Monday , September 28 , 2009 at 9:32 PM
Larrry said ...
BOTTOM LINE :
Get out of the fast lane if people are passing you on the right .
Slow cars that stay in the passing lane create artificial delays / backups and decreases the level of service on the roadway ARTIFICIALLY .
The average speed of the vehicles behind the jackass is decreased significantly due to only one vehicle .
Add another 10 or 15 , and you get an artificial traffic slowdown .
There may not be another car in front of them for a mile , but there can be 15 or 20 cars packing in behind them awaiting an opportunity to pass the jerk .
Thursday , August 27 , 2009 at 6:04 PM
Anonymous said ...
Regarding the study , it 's interesting .
But I have to throw up one cautionary note .
Nonlinear dynamic ( sometimes called " chaotic " ) systems - of which traffic is basically one - often exhibit " pockets " in parameter space where the behavior becomes counterintuitive , then intuitive , then perhaps " random seeming " , etc. , as that parameter is changed .
I 'm curious what other domains appeared when the rule - breaker rate was higher or lower than that interesting spot at 40 % .
I did n't see a link to the actual study - maybe it 's subscription only ( most journals still are ) .
So , as someone pointed out below , the application to the real world may be somewhat different than what you see printed above .
Regarding the FAST LANE / PASSING LANE debate ... this is a false dichotomy , and another example of our annoying human need to reduce a continuous variable into binary to simplify the world for our little brains .
In reality the description for what various people do in that lefthand lane exists on a continuum .
At one end of the spectrum we have the " clean pass " .
Someone moves into the left lane , speeds up , and then moves immediately back to the right just in front of the car they were trailing .
At the other end of the spectrum we have the proverbial Sunday driver hanging out in the left lane forever and going slower than every other car on the road .
But in busy interstate traffic situations , the vast majority of the left - lane residents are doing something IN BETWEEN those two extremes ( yes , I know this strains your black - white world to contemplate , but it 's actually true ) .
Someone moves into the left lane because he is going * generally * faster than the cars in the right lane , and begins slowly but steadily passing one after another of the right lane vehicles .
But lo - then along comes one of the " special speeders " ( several of whom have posted below ) , and she / he deems ( in his / her absolutist judgment ) that that car is not passing enough people per every ten seconds of time , and should therefore disrupt the crowded right lane in order to fold back in .
What I 'm saying here is n't that one of them is definitively right and the other 's wrong , but that things do not fit neatly into " you 're fouling things up and I 'm not " .
Regarding some of the " animated " comments here - I do n't believe I 've ever seen this much " road rage " occuring , er , off - road before .
Chill baby .
Tuesday , August 25 , 2009 at 5:49 PM
Anonymous said ...
far left lane sometimes is carpool lane , reserved for the few who qualify , and some of course are " jerks " who , yes , drive the speed limit or less , blinker on . . . some good tips in this sequence : late merge , looking ahead beyond the car in front of you , avoiding use of brakes on the freeway
Sunday , August 9 , 2009 at 1:26 PM
Mark Gallagher said ...
As an auto racer and high performance driving instructor , I can tell you most people mistake being cautious for being safe .
Driving is largely counterintuitive and much of what is taught in preparation for receiving one 's driver 's license is not wrong , it 's dangerous !
Friday , August 7 , 2009 at 2:17 PM
Per Kjellgren said ...
In Sweden it 's illegal to NOT move over for an overtaking vehicle , even if that vehicle is breaking the law ( or just being a total douche ) by overtaking .
So yes , the slow driver in the left lane is the jerk .
Since most roads have only one or two lanes in each direction this is a very necessary rule .
Monday , August 3 , 2009 at 7:59 PM
Anonymous said ...
I think it 's safe to say that most of the people interested in this article ( enough to post a comment ) already know the rules and try to obey them while the jack animal in the left lane , going 5 under , with his left blinker on ( for miles ! ) ... could n't care less about the rules or the fact they 're creating dangerous situations behind them .
Monday , August 3 , 2009 at 2:49 PM
Anonymous said ...
I 've certainly seen plenty of highways where signs indicate left lanes are for people heading to the next state , and right lanes are for people getting off at the next few exits .
So the left lanes are n't always exclusively for passing or fast driving only .
( Though , if two left lanes are for travel to the next state , the leftmost one does still tend to be faster / passing . )
Friday , July 31 , 2009 at 6:15 PM
billgo said ...
I 'm also up here in Toronto .
If I 'm passing you on the right ( in NA ) , then you are in the wrong lane !
The other thing which ticks me off is that the current speed limits are designed for the lowest common denominator , " mediocre drivers with wandering attention , bald tyres and slippery roads " ..
Actually they are designed for revenue , and no longer has anything to do with safety ..
Friday , July 31 , 2009 at 4:41 PM
Anonymous said ...
I bike my way to office and my bit of social service enroute is to squeeze into the next available gap on road .
But I ( uninformedly ) judge whom I 'm passing by the way he / she is driving lest I get killed for the noble cause .
In India the rule is ' drive on the left of the road ' .
In Bangalore our rule is ' drive on what 's left on the road ' !
Friday , July 31 , 2009 at 11:23 AM
Anonymous said ...
There 's one area where this has definitively proven to be true .
It 's called " late merge " .
When you 're on a multilane highway and a lane is ending 1 / 2 mile ahead ( either because the lane ends or because there 's an accident or work zone ahead ) , DON'T be nice and merge left immediately !!
Instead , drive all the way to the end and THEN merge .
I know some people think those " late mergers " are heartless jerks , one step below child rapists .
But it actually makes a lot of sense when you think about it in terms of real estate .
If every does an early merge , you 've got a 3 - mile backup in one lane and a whole bunch of wasted real estate in the empty lane .
If everyone does a late merge , now you 've got two lanes that are each only backed up for 1.5 miles .
PennDOT actually experimented with encouraging this a few years ago .
They had a major construction project that eliminated one lane on each direction of an interstate .
In one direction they did the standard " right lane ends 1 mile " , " right lane ends 1/2 mile " , etc .
But in the other direction they put up special signs saying " use both lanes to merge point " .
At the merge point , the sign said " merge here take your turn " .
The result : significant , major improvements in how long it took everyone to get through .
This is unsafe under real light traffic flows ( say , 3:00 am ) when your sudden , late merge could cause an accident .
But when it 's heavy traffic and there will be a backup no matter what , late merge makes a lot of sense .
So next time , do it .
Ignore the honks and the fingers ; you 're actually helping society out .
Friday , July 31 , 2009 at 10:26 AM
Anonymous said ...
I drove a cab in New York and San Francisco over a period of 30 years , so I learned some unorthodox maneuvers ( these days I only use about 40 % of them ) .
So this hypothesis sounds intelligent to me .
The thing to avoid is getting resentful about the bold maneuvers others make .
If they can make them without drastically endangering anyone else , then what 's the diff ?
I generally approve of the slower - cars - to - the- right concept .
Friday , July 31 , 2009 at 5:19 AM
Anonymous said ...
Jerks actually reduce the risk of traffic jams but , they increase the risk of accidents !!
Thus increasing the risk of " MAJOR " traffic jams !
The irony .
Thursday , July 30 , 2009 at 10:30 PM
Anonymous said ...
The far left lane is for passing and right is travel , and the law .
If you are in the far left lane and not passing anyone for a certain distance , you can get a ticket for that !!
There are to many people on the roads that like to play games , and purposely slow up one another .
I think it 's a control thing ?
Thursday , July 30 , 2009 at 10:24 PM
djm said ...
Wow .
Lots of clueless people commenting here and many smart ones , but it 's very simple :
You stay to the far right most lane unless you are passing .
PERIOD .
That allows " faster " traffic to always pass you where they should , on the left .
Think about this .
What is " fast " to you ?
Is that the same thing as " fast " to me ?
No , that 's a subjective argument .
No one is going to be right .
There are NOT " fast " lanes and " slow " lanes .
There are PASSING lanes and TRAVELING lanes .
Everyone can argue over " fast " or " slow " .
NO ONE can argue over " PASSING " or TRAVELING .
You either are you are are n't PASSING , and if you are n't PASSING , then MOVE THE ^%&!# OVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thursday , July 30 , 2009 at 7:46 PM
Anonymous said ...
Of course this only works in countries where most people abide to most rules :)
Probably wo n't work in cities such as Bombay Jakarta , or most east asian cities that makes cab drivers in NYC look like the most decent drivers out there .
Thursday , July 30 , 2009 at 12:49 PM
Anonymous said ...
Always let faster traffic behind you pass .
Then they 'll trigger the speed traps ahead , allowing you to continue to speed by , at your slightly lower velocity .
If you 're the fastest car on the road and in the lead of the pack , you 're probably going to get busted .
Thursday , July 30 , 2009 at 12:41 PM
Janne H. said ...
Is there any difference between the " rule braking " and just a simple increase of speed ?
To me , maybe not .
These could be just different labels for the same thing .
( I have n't read the original article ( here on my mobile phone ) though ) .
In general we can ask , how does the labeled thing present itself WITHIN the system ?
What kind of verbal description is closest to that ?
How does that relate to the real thing ?
Remember , it 's just a computational model that is connected to our understanding with the help of those labels .
They might be just vague analogies of the real world phenomena .
Thursday , July 30 , 2009 at 9:14 AM
A new study finds obese people have 8 percent less brain tissue than normal - weight individuals .
Their brains look 16 years older than the brains of lean individuals , researchers said today .
Those classified as overweight have 4 percent less brain tissue and their brains appear to have aged prematurely by 8 years .
The results , based on brain scans of 94 people in their 70s , represent " severe brain degeneration , " said Paul Thompson , senior author of the study and a UCLA professor of neurology .
" That 's a big loss of tissue and it depletes your cognitive reserves , putting you at much greater risk of Alzheimer 's and other diseases that attack the brain , " said Thompson .
" But you can greatly reduce your risk for Alzheimer 's , if you can eat healthily and keep your weight under control . "
The findings are detailed in the online edition of the journal Human Brain Mapping .
Obesity packs many negative health effects , including increased risk of heart disease , Type 2 diabetes , hypertension and some cancers .
It 's also been shown to reduce sexual activity .
More than 300 million worldwide are now classified as obese , according to the World Health Organization .
Another billion are overweight .
The main cause , experts say : bad diet , including an increased reliance on highly processed foods .
Obese people had lost brain tissue in the frontal and temporal lobes , areas of the brain critical for planning and memory , and in the anterior cingulate gyrus ( attention and executive functions ) , hippocampus ( long - term memory ) and basal ganglia ( movement ) , the researchers said in a statement today .
Overweight people showed brain loss in the basal ganglia , the corona radiata , white matter comprised of axons , and the parietal lobe ( sensory lobe ) .
" The brains of obese people looked 16 years older than the brains of those who were lean , and in overweight people looked 8 years older , " Thompson said .
Obesity is measured by body mass index ( BMI ) , defined as the weight in kilograms divided by the square of the height in meters .
A BMI over 25 is defined as overweight , and a BMI of over 30 as obese .
The research was funded by the National Institute on Aging , National Institute of Biomedical Imaging and Bioengineering , National Center for Research Resources , and the American Heart Association .
– The stimulus package funneled billions of dollars to ACORN .
How does giving billions of dollars to ACORN stimulate the economy ?
Where did it do that ?
I just searched the text of the bill , and ACORN was not listed .
There are a number of places where someone who is not versed in how bills are written could terribly misunderstand something , but nothing that seriously means that .
Fact : this is not a question , but a lie phrased as a question .
It ’s akin to someone hypothetically asking the question :
How does Glenn Beck kidnapping and feeding homeless people to his secret lizard army benefit society ?
In an attempt to educate the public about just how “ private ” its private data is , Canadian coder Holden Karau built Web2.0 collage .
The project , an online - art - installation - cum - privacy - busting app , illustrates how easy it is for nefarious web sites to sniff your browser history and see which sites you ’ve visited .
With one click , Karau ’s script ( which he makes public ) goes to work searching through your browser history , making a collage of favicons from various Web 2.0 sites to which you ’ve been .
Here ’s mine : I spot Bing , YouTube , Fark , Kotaku , Pandora and more .
The software uses a predetermined list of sites to build its images , so your late - night gambling and porn habits wo n’t show up — but Gawker and Amazon will .
If you ’re concerned about your privacy , do n’t expect to feel better when you read the site ’s privacy policy .
It says , rather succinctly , that “ nothing is private ” on the Internet and your data could well end up on The Pirate Bay .
The site also points out that the data web2.0 collage finds in your browser history could be easily be found by any web site you visit .
In the end , the project is a clever way to illustrate just how open your web browser is , while avoiding ( mostly ) the doom and gloom of some other privacy advocates .
Copyright 2009 GigaOm .
All Rights Reserved .
Professor Declan Murphy and colleagues Dr Michael Craig and Dr Marco Catani from the Institute of Psychiatry at King 's College London have found differences in the brain which may provide a biological explanation for psychopathy .
The research investigated the brain biology of psychopaths with convictions that included attempted murder , manslaughter , multiple rape with strangulation and false imprisonment .
Using a powerful imaging technique ( DT - MRI ) the researchers have highlighted biological differences in the brain which may underpin these types of behaviour and provide a more comprehensive understanding of criminal psychopathy .
Dr Michael Craig said : ' If replicated by larger studies the significance of these findings cannot be underestimated .
The suggestion of a clear structural deficit in the brains of psychopaths has profound implications for clinicians , research scientists and the criminal justice system . '
While psychopathy is strongly associated with serious criminal behaviour ( eg rape and murder ) and repeat offending , the biological basis of psychopathy remains poorly understood .
Also some investigators stress mainly social reasons to explain antisocial behaviours .
To date , nobody has investigated the ' connectivity ' between the specific brain regions implicated in psychopathy .
Earlier studies had suggested that dysfunction of specific brain regions might underpin psychopathy .
Such areas of the brain were identified as the amygdale , ie the area associated with emotions , fear and aggression , and the orbitofrontal cortex ( OFC ) , the region which deals with decision making .
There is a white matter tract that connects the amygdala and OFC , which is called the uncinate fasciculus ( UF ) .
However , nobody had ever studied the UF in psychopaths .
The team from King 's used an imaging method called in vivo diffusion tensor magnetic resonance imaging ( DT - MRI ) tractography to analyse the UF in psychopaths .
They found a significant reduction in the integrity of the small particles that make up the structure of the UF of psychopaths , compared to control groups of people with the same age and IQ .
Also , the degree of abnormality was significantly related to the degree of psychopathy .
These results suggest that psychopaths have biological differences in the brain which may help to explain their offending behaviours .
Dr Craig added : ' This study is part of an ongoing programme of research into the biological basis of criminal psychopathy .
It highlights that exciting developments in brain imaging such as DT - MRI now offer neuroscientists the potential to move towards a more coherent understanding of the possible brain networks that underlie psychopathy , and potentially towards treatments for this mental disorder . '
It had the hallmarks of a typical graduation ceremony -- awards , speeches and hordes of excited families .
But these graduates were not in caps and gowns .
They wore blue uniforms , white gloves and holstered guns .
And from my vantage point on the Police Academy lawn , the 44 cadets who graduated into the Los Angeles Police Department on Friday looked impressively tough -- and impossibly young .
At the morning ceremony , I was invited to join the procession of officials passing down the row of cadets , checking the “ function and lubrication ” of each graduate ’s gun .
But I looked past the Glocks and into their eyes , studying the name tags pinned to their chests .
Advertisement
Sosa and Singh , Doherty and DelGado , Maynard , Moya and Vaidhayakul .
I heard accents that tied some to foreign countries .
And saw a hint of street swagger in some of their marches .
There were veterans with military ribbons .
And diminutive women , hair tucked under their caps , with “ Sharpshooter ” badges .
Some came to the LAPD straight out of college .
Others left careers to join : accountant , musician , locomotive conductor .
One -- the wife of a cop -- was 34 .
A young man from Florida had just turned 21 .
Advertisement
And for all we joke dismissively about the “ melting pot , ” it was a pleasure to see , through their ranks , what our city -- and our police force -- has become .
--
None of this was lost on my host , Assistant LAPD Chief Earl Paysinger .
He entered the academy in 1976 -- before most of these recruits were born -- when a class of 75 might have half a dozen Latinos and blacks .
That ’s not the only difference ; it ’s not just about racial and ethnic change .
Advertisement
“ In yesteryear the academy was all about the physical dimensions of policing -- arrest and control , shootings , foot pursuits , ” Paysinger said .
“ Now there ’s this other part of the training that teaches our recruits how to deal with people on multiple levels . ”
That would explain the speeches I heard Friday morning .
Police Commissioner Anthony Pacheco opened his talk with a warning to the new graduates to “ engage only in constitutional policing . ”
He followed with a reminder they might land not just in the line of fire , but “ at the intersection of serious social problems . ”
Paysinger encouraged them to “ conduct yourself with dignity .
. . .
During every public contact you make , you are our ambassador . ”
Advertisement
Even cadet class President Jonathan Beal picked up the theme .
“ I want to live for more than a paycheck , ” he said .
“ I want my life to mean something beyond the mundane . ”
“ That ’s part of the police book , ” Paysinger later joked .
“ You ’re supposed to say ‘ I want to help the public . ’
But -- maybe more than ever before -- these young people really believe it . ”
The attitude is both a result and a reflection of the department ’s evolution .
And change , Pacheco and Paysinger told me , has been both top down and bottom up .
Chief William J. Bratton has embraced the concept of community policing , and surrounded himself with like - minded brass .
Mid - level cops who did n’t toe the line began being squeezed out by officers rising through the ranks with reform on their minds .
Or , as Paysinger put it , “ the Neanderthal , knuckle - draggers are going the way of the dodos in this department . ”
Advertisement
But the department still has work to do , mending fences in some neighborhoods .
I could hear the residue of old attitudes in the banter of Friday ’s celebrations .
A young white graduate was collecting congrats from a cadre of his former Marine buddies .
One -- a black guy in a suit and glitzy sunglasses -- leaned in for a hug .
“ I ’m proud of you man , ” he said .
“ But I ’m not gonna be seen with you ! ”
--
It ’s clear the department is on the right track , if officers understand that “ good police work is about understanding the human factor , ” Paysinger said .
That means it ’s OK if a recruit comes from a family that ’s poor , where mom was on welfare or junior was in jail .
Or a neighborhood where the schools are no good and you have to work hard to stay out of a gang .
Advertisement
That ’s why cadet Jesse Browne ’s family celebrated with such whoops and leaps when his name was called Friday morning .
He grew up in the apartment complex known as the Jungle , a dangerous enclave in the Crenshaw area notorious for violence and drug dealing .
His older sister told me she ’s proud that he made it onto the force , but not because of the gun or the badge or the uniform .
“ Because he worked so hard to stay out of trouble .
For 28 years . ”
And now he can help other kids steer clear .
And it ’s why LAPD Capt .
Michelle Veenstra looked out over the crowd as the graduation ended and announced to the brothers and sisters and cousins and friends of the department ’s newly minted officers , “ If any of you want to be a Los Angeles police officer , please stop on your way out at the recruitment table . ”
--
Advertisement
sandy.banks@latimes.com
Eye Lift
An eye lift , or blepharoplasty , is a surgical procedure involving the sculpture of the lower and / or upper eyelids .
Upper and Lower Eye Lifting Procedure
An upper and lower blepharoplasty usually takes between one to three hours to perform .
It is done under local or general anesthesia and in an outpatient clinic .
The eye lifting surgeon will make incisions along the marks previously made on the eyelids prior to surgery .
The scars will be concealed in the natural creases of the skin .
The eye lift plastic surgery is intended to reshape the lower and upper eyelids by suctioning out or repositioning extra fatty tissues of the tendons and muscles .
Cost of Eyelift
The cost of an eyes lift varies with location and physician , but the average national cost for an eye lift is between $ 1,200 to $ 4,500 .
This cost includes the surgeon ’s fee , anesthesiologist ’s cost and hospital price .
Risks and Complications
Factors that cause complications in eye lifts include dry eyes , which could become exacerbated by disturbing the normal tear film ; looseness of the lower edge of the eyes , which could cause repositioning of the lower lid ; and prominence of the eye in relation to the cheek region , which could cause the lower lid to be in a poor position .
Some risks include excessive bleeding , poor healing , and a sunken or uneven appearance .
Eye Lift Recovery
Swelling and bruising is sure to occur after the procedure is complete .
Sleeping with the head elevated and using ice compressions will help with these symptoms .
The doctor will permit the use of make - up after 2 weeks .
The doctor will also advise against bending forward , wearing eye contacts and driving for the first 2 weeks .
Physical activities may be resumed after a month .
The surgeon will probably also suggest that patients avoid direct sunlight by wearing sunglasses and hats for the 6 - 8 weeks .
Asian Blepharoplasty
An upper eyelift surgery in someone who is from east Asia is termed an Asian blepharoplasty .
It is a very popular procedure amongst southeastern Asians .
This particular surgery can be utilized to artificially create a crease above the eye .
Photo images of a double eyelid surgery can be viewed on this website : www.asianeyelid.com/faq.html.
Non-Surgical Alternatives
There are non-surgical alternatives to eyelifts .
These include dermal fillers , botox , chemical peels , and laser treatments to reduce the signs of aging .
Each of these procedures are faster , cheaper and safer than eyelift plastic surgery .
IT ’S PROBABLY dangerous to admit to a moment of empathy .
I ’ll either get disqualified from ever becoming being a Supreme Court justice or asked to turn in my press card .
But after watching reruns of Sarah Palin ’s resignation from the governorship , after hearing every grammatically challenged sentence and inconsistent paragraph dissected by some talk show host , I started to ( blush ) feel her pain .
There was the frozen smile , the vulnerability , the odd grab bag of unfiltered , unedited , unintelligible un-reasons scattered across the lawn .
Palin quit to avoid being a quitter .
She cut and ran as an act of self - sacrifice .
She left her job to serve her country .
It was n’t like watching a car wreck .
It was like watching a midlife meltdown .
It was seeing her self - image as a strong , confident , ambitious woman shaken to the core .
All that was holding her together was chewing gum , family , and a little righteous anger .
What had happened to Sarah the Barracuda ?
The pit bull with lipstick ?
The mother of five , moose killer , and marathoner who juggled a BlackBerry and a breast pump ?
Ten months ago , when John McCain picked her as running mate , it was like starting a middle - school basketball star in the WNBA .
No , the NBA .
As governor , she remarked about an opponent ’s ability to spout off facts and figures , “ Does any of this really matter ? ’’
As running mate , a McCain aide said , she does n’t even know what she does n’t know .
I was among those who harbored the “ elitist ’’ belief that a vice presidential candidate should know as much about public policy as , say , Katie Couric .
Yet , I delighted in the fact that because of Palin , conservatives lashed out against “ sexism , ’’ the religious right described teen pregnancy as a “ challenge , ’’ and it became politically incorrect for the most reactionary Republican to criticize working mothers .
I never believed that it would be easy for Palin to go back to Alaska after the bright lights , big-cities lure of a national campaign .
But I did n’t expect this .
“ Life is about choices , ’’ she said .
I guess her choices were : wrestling with a state Legislature , paying lawyers ’ fees for ethics investigations , and putting her kids through the ringer .
Or making a bundle as an author and speaking star before audiences that adore her .
It was n’t only “ the politics of personal destruction ’’ that pushed Palin over the edge .
It was the politics of personal adulation .
What fans loved about Palin was her perceived authenticity .
She was repeatedly described as “ real . ’’
I think it ’s what Palin believed about herself .
Even after her resignation , she described her role as governor , saying “ This is who I am .
This is what I am . ’’
But , forgive that gosh - darned empathy , this is a woman who hit a moment when she does n’t really know who she is .
Or what she wants .
There ’s been a lot of comparisons made between Palin ’s rambling resignation speech and Mark Sanford ’s soul - baring confession of adultery .
Sanford fell head - over - heels in love - “ Despite the best efforts of my head , my heart cries out for you , your voice , your body ’’ - in ways that made us squirm for him and Argentina .
Palin fell in love with her star turn .
What we see are two middle - age politicians discovering in the most painfully public way that they may not be the people they thought they were .
Sanford is not the straitlaced conservative family man he thought he was .
Palin is not the pit bull , lipstick on or off , she thought she was .
The woman who wanted to win did n’t want to govern .
The woman who glowed in the limelight wilted in the spotlight .
And when the going got tough , she got going . . . going . . . gone .
There are some who say that this is a clever gamble to run for the presidency .
Searching for clues for the future in this decision is a full - time media occupation .
But I ’m guessing she is clueless about what she wants next .
“ All options are on the table , ’’ she says .
But ironically , the soon - to - be - ex - governor and speaker , author and celebrity has only one option .
Authenticity ?
The only job left for Sarah the former Barracuda is to pretend to be a candidate for president .
In the middle of a midlife meltdown , the quitter is now the teaser .
Ellen Goodman ’s e-mail address is ellengoodman1@me.com .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
The U.S. Marine Corps has banned Twitter , Facebook , MySpace and other social media sites from its networks , effective immediately .
" These internet sites in general are a proven haven for malicious actors and content and are particularly high risk due to information exposure , user generated content and targeting by adversaries , " reads a Marine Corps order , issued Monday .
" The very nature of SNS [ social network sites ] creates a larger attack and exploitation window , exposes unnecessary information to adversaries and provides an easy conduit for information leakage that puts OPSEC [ operational security ] , COMSEC [ communications security ] , [ and ] personnel ... at an elevated risk of compromise . "
The Marines ' ban will last a year .
It was drawn up in response to a late July warning from U.S. Strategic Command , which told the rest of the military it was considering a Defense Department - wide ban on the Web 2.0 sites , due to network security concerns .
Scams , worms , and Trojans often spread unchecked throughout social media sites , passed along from one online friend to the next .
" The mechanisms for social networking were never designed for security and filtering .
They make it way too easy for people with bad intentions to push malicious code to unsuspecting users , " a Stratcom source told Danger Room .
Yet many within the Pentagon 's highest ranks find value in the Web 2.0 tools .
The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff has 4,000 followers on Twitter .
The Department of Defense is getting ready to unveil a new home page , packed with social media tools .
The Army recently ordered all U.S. bases to provide access to Facebook .
Top generals now blog from the battlefield .
" OPSEC is paramount .
We will have procedures in place to deal with that , " Price Floyd , the Pentagon 's newly - appointed social media czar , told Danger Room .
" What we ca n’t do is let security concerns trump doing business .
We have to do business …
We need to be everywhere men and women in uniform are and the public is .
If that ’s MySpace and YouTube , that ’s where we need to be , too . ”
The Marines say they will issue waivers to the Web 2.0 blockade , if a " mission critical need " can be proven .
And they will continue to allow access to the military 's internal " SNS - like services . "
But for most members of the Corps , access to the real , public social networks is now shut off for the next year .
[ Photo : USMC ; Linker : MY ]
Advertisements
On his radio show today , Rush Limbaugh denied that the mobs protesting healthcare are carrying signs that feature swastikas .
“ We have found one picture of a protester with a swastika on the sign and it had a line drawn through it , ” maybe Rush needs to look a little harder , because on her show , Rachel Maddow featured various Nazi / swastika signs .
Here is the audio courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Limbaugh said , “ Once again folks , I ’m telling you Nancy Pelosi started this .
If she did n’t want to go down this road she should not have said that there are people at these town hall meetings carrying signs with swastikas on them , and by the way we have looked , we have found one picture of a protester with a swastika on the sign , and it had a line drawn through it meaning no , it was not supported .
It was meaning no , have n’t found one beyond that , and even that one that was found has been misrepresented by people like Nancy Pelosi , Speaker of the House . ”
Oh really , because on Friday , The Rachel Maddow Show featured some of these signs :
( It starts around the 4:00 mark )
The Obama swastika signs are a staple at anti-Obama protests .
They were at the tea bag protests , and the anti-stimulus rallies .
One has to be blind , crazy , or high in order to deny that the signs are n’t there , when there is proof that they are showing up at these town hall meetings .
The problem for those who are trying to pretend that these protests are organic events is that they are strikingly similar to other anti-Obama protests .
Limbaugh is n’t fooling anyone , with the exception of his blind audience that wants to believe that the tide is turning against Obama , and that they actually have a chance of regaining power .
By the way , Pelosi did n’t start this .
It was the right wing ramblings of talk show hosts who compared Obama to the Nazis that started all of this .
Rush is once again residing in his own mixed up delusion .
I remember the first time I watched the movie Jaws .
I was eight years old and living in the south of England at the time .
The movie was on a school night and started at 9 pm , not quite my bedtime .
I wanted to watch , but my parents felt the movie would be too scary for an eight year old , who loves the water .
We debated as one does at that age and I finally got to watch the movie in the spare bedroom on an old black and white set .
My caring parents thought the lack of colour would relieve me of some of the horror ….. hmm did n’t make a difference to those damn cellos !
Fast forward some thirty years and I ’m still in love with the oceans , and maybe thanks to that old black and white television set I am not afraid of sharks .
Quite the opposite , I am fascinated by them .
The grace and elegance they possess as they glide by you on a dive bears little or no resemblance to the movie image .
Yet they have this presence that awakens the innermost cells of your body , commanding the utmost of respect .
Whether a lone cruiser or a schooling pack the fascination I have is the same every time .
Now and again I hear the chelos in the back of my head , and I have an inner smile that warms the soul .
Living in Hong Kong , I have daily reminders that these splendid predators are just another item on the menu of mankind .
Walking through the streets of Sheung Wan my stomach knots up with disgust at the blatant disregard for such an ancient species .
Sacks upon sacks of dried fins are piled up in shops with frosted glass fronts , bearing names such as “ Honourable Shark Fin Company ” , or “ Lucky Fortune Shark Fin Ltd ” .
I look at each sack as a pack of sharks and wonder how it would look if they were all still attached to their bodies , long since dumped in some far off sea .
If the streets of Hong Kong were n’t bad enough , traveling further down the supply line , I visit an early morning fishing port in southern Sri Lanka .
A similar sight can be seen daily in every small fishing port in Asia , if not the rest of the world .
Landed with the daily catch are shark after shark .
Some places just fins , here with the entire shark being un-ceremoniously thrown on the dockside .
Catch of the day seemed to be Big Eye Thresher Sharks ( Alopias superciliosus ) , a deep dwelling ocean pelagic that hunts closer to the surface at night , sadly lured too high by the full moon last night .
A lesson learnt too late .
Threshers are everywhere , noticeable immediately by their distinct long tail that averages the same length as their body , and their large bulbous black eyes on the front of their short pointed nose .
I had once travelled to Malapascua in the Philippines , one of the best destinations in the world to see Threshers in the wild .
I spent six days diving there before I finally caught a brief glimpse of these shy creatures .
Here in the market today were over fifty , lying in all states of barbaric carnage .
I watch as fin after fin is hacked off and thrown into piles before ending up on a small set scales and sold to the highest bidder .
I witness these incredible creatures being hacked apart at the merciless hands of greedy men , and have to wonder , who is the terror of the deep ?
Annually over 100 million sharks meet a similar fate , some at least have time to die before they have their fins hacked off , others are dragged aboard long - liners mid-ocean , fins chopped off and then they ’re thrown back , still alive to drown as they sink to the sea bed .
All this to add just texture to a bowl of soup , not even taste !
As I become more disgusted by what I see around me in the fishing market , I think back to the restaurants of Hong Kong and wonder what all the fuss is about .
Upon my return , I get the rare opportunity to go into a Chinese kitchen and film the entire process .
It was quite fascinating to see the amount of work that goes into the preparation .
Preparation , that seemed intent on removing all traces of the fin coming from a shark .
Soaking , steaming , soaking , steaming , marinating in chicken / beef / ham broth , steaming some more before being served in the bottom of a bowl , covered with a meat based broth laced with corn flour and MSG to thicken and topped off with dried cured ham to garnish .
Then served to some insecure sucker who needs his / her ego flattered , for a small fortune .
Quite amazing really .
However the more frightening issue is that there are more and more people becoming wealthy enough to afford this ego / image building dish .
The increased demand means more fishermen in poorer nations see a glimmer of hope to earn some extra cash .
The scary part is what will follow …
As the shark ( or apex predator ) is removed , the oceans delicate balance is disrupted .
The fish that are the natural prey of the shark now have no predator , and so over - populate before consuming all of it ’s own natural prey , then starving itself out of existence .
And so this continues down through the food chain , all the way down to the bottom where we find plankton .
Plankton produces 70 % of the oxygen we breathe .
If this goes , we go !
Therefore in this simplified version of how food chains work and the balance needed to maintain the health in the oceans , you can see how important the shark ’s survival is linked to ours .
The shark being dubbed ‘ The Terror of the Deep ’ could be quite appropriately named , as Sharks could kill us all , but not in the way they are portrayed in the movies .
Gary Stokes ,
Oceanic Love .
www.OceanicLove.com
What Can You Do ?
* Request that your local restaurants stop serving shark ’s fin soup , and if your invited to a wedding banquet , ask if they will be serving shark ’s fin soup .
If the answer is yes , then politely decline the invitation or ask if they will remove the dish from the menu .
( CNN ) --
A man who crashed his plane in the Florida Panhandle in an apparent attempt to fake his death was sentenced Wednesday to more than four years in federal prison , officials said .
Marcus Schrenker was accused of defrauding investors through companies he owned in Indiana .
Marcus Schrenker , 38 , of McCordsville , Indiana , pleaded guilty in June to charges of destruction of an aircraft and causing the Coast Guard to respond when no help is needed .
He was sentenced to 51 months in prison Wednesday , said a spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney 's office in the northern district of Florida .
Schrenker also must pay the Coast Guard more than $ 34,000 in restitution and must pay Harley - Davidson Credit Corp. , the plane 's lien - holder , more than $ 871,000 , the U.S. attorney 's office said .
However , the payment to Harley - Davidson will be offset by any amount the company receives from insurance , prosecutors said in a statement .
Authorities believe that Schrenker hatched the plot for the January crash after investigators with the Indiana secretary of state 's office searched his home and business on December 31 .
He has been charged in Indiana with one felony count each of an unlawful act by a compensated adviser and unlawful transaction by an investment adviser .
Authorities have said they think he defrauded investors through three companies he owns in a suburb of Indianapolis , Indiana .
On January 11 , Schrenker took off alone from Anderson , Indiana , in a Piper PA46 plane , saying he was headed for Destin , Florida .
While over Alabama , he contacted air traffic controllers , saying that the windshield had imploded and that he was injured and bleeding profusely .
" The defendant stated to air traffic controllers that he was not going to make it , " according to documents filed in court providing a factual basis for Schrenker 's guilty plea .
Schrenker agreed to the facts , the documents said , and they were read aloud during his change of plea hearing in June .
After Schrenker made that statement , his aircraft leveled off , and he remained at 3,500 feet while he made course corrections taking him closer to Harpersville , Alabama , where he had stored a motorcycle in a storage facility , the documents said .
Over the nearby town of Childersburg , Alabama , Schrenker jumped from the aircraft .
The Coast Guard Investigative Service later recovered cut lines from tree branches and a parachute with a serial number that was traced to Schrenker , court documents said .
The Coast Guard dispatched rescue helicopters from New Orleans , Louisiana , and Mobile , Alabama , in case the plane crashed on land and sent two cutters in case it crashed into the Gulf of Mexico , prosecutors have said .
Meanwhile , two F - 15 fighter jets were scrambled and located the plane in the air near Birmingham , Alabama .
The pilots reported that the plane 's window was intact , its door was open , no pilot was on board , and the plane appeared to be on autopilot , according to affidavits filed in the case .
The jets followed the plane until it crashed near the Blackwater River in East Milton , Florida , according to court documents .
Authorities said it missed a group of homes by 50 to 75 yards .
Although the plane was severely damaged , investigators found that its windshield and windscreens were not damaged and that there was no blood inside the plane , the documents said .
See plane 's flight path »
In a search of the plane , authorities found handwritten notes on the inside back cover of a campground book , saying among other things , " windshield is spider cracking , " " doors open , " " bleeding very bad " and " graying out , " the documents said .
Meanwhile , Schrenker fled Harpersville on his motorcycle and traveled to a campground in Florida , where he was arrested by the U.S. Marshals Service on the outstanding charges from Indiana , according to court documents .
When found , authorities said at the time , Schrenker was bleeding from cuts on his wrists after an apparent suicide attempt .
He was briefly hospitalized before being taken into custody .
Examining Schrenker 's computer , authorities found Internet searches on how to jump from airplanes and how to open a parachute , among other subjects , the court documents said .
When questioned by federal officials , Schrenker claimed that his windshield struck him in the face and his door malfunctioned , the court documents said .
Authorities then " presented various pieces of evidence showing his claims to be untrue , " and Schrenker admitted that he called in a false distress message and had intended the plane to crash into the Gulf of Mexico , the documents said .
Indiana officials agreed to allow the federal case against Schrenker to proceed before seeking to extradite him , prosecutors have said .
All About Marcus Schrenker • Indiana • Florida
Bill Nighy : That Badass Undead Guy
While he ’s known for his Shakespearean pedigree and accomplished film and theater work , veteran British actor Bill Nighy has become a big screen badass in the last few years .
The roles that have earned him that reputation include the vicious vampire overlord Viktor in the Underworld trilogy , the sinister Davy Jones in two of the Pirates of the Caribbean films and the condescending stepfather - turned - zombie Phillip in Shaun of The Dead .
Those cinematic alter egos appear incongruous to his seemingly mild - mannered presence in real - life , but they prove just how good of an actor he is .
Although all of those parts required prosthetics or effects to alter his physical appearance , Nighy does not need layers of make - up to be effective .
He was magnetic and vulnerable as the aging , desperate art - rock frontman in the indie music dramedy Still Crazy .
But ultimately it ’s the big budget fare that gets him noticed by the masses .
Next year we ’ll be seeing the 59 year - old thespian portraying Minister of Magic Rufus Scrimgeour in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows , another blockbuster role likely to draw him more attention and acclaim .
I recently caught up with Nighy for a few minutes at the G - Force junket in NYC and fired off a few questions , which he was more than willing to answer .
You ’re known for many dramatic and comedic roles .
But lately you ’ve become this badass on screen .
How did that happen ?
Have you enjoyed exploring that side of yourself and exploiting it for G - Force ?
I do n’t know how that happened .
Whenever they need somebody damaged they think of me .
This [ movie ] was a nice opportunity .
It ’s good to have a secret , and there is a very satisfying twist at the end .
Your G - Force co-star Zach Galifianakis joked that he used his lonely childhood games of talking to imaginary friends as unintended practice for talking to invisible CG guinea pigs .
What about you ?
I was a lonely guy , too .
Imagining there were guinea pigs , it was like when you were a kid and nobody came over to the house .
You would be playing games in the backyard and had to pretend all the other guys were there .
So guinea pigs are pretty much the same .
I ’ve been a vampire , a zombie and a squid , so I do n’t mind if it gets weird .
Bring ‘em on .
Which villainous role have you relished the most ?
I ’m very happy being a vampire in the Underworld series , but I figure that Davy Jones was the one that was the most enjoyable .
It was a long period [ of time ] , it was a massive project and the creature was one of the most successful creatures in cinema history .
It has nothing to do with me , and I am so grateful to those guys .
The films themselves were amongst the most successful ever made , and it was good fun to try and freak out Johnny Depp .
I was so lucky that the geniuses from Industrial Light & Magic made that creature because it was a legendary animation .
I guess that ’s closet to my heart .
Did you freak out Johnny Depp ?
No , you can never freak out Johnny Depp .
He just grins at you .
As the war in Europe progresses , U.S. soldiers are becoming increasingly familiar with the ways in which the enemy employs his fire power ; however , since each unit naturally has learned more lessons from its own experiences than from those of other outfits , a general pooling of information can be extremely helpful .
Most of the following comments on German use of fire power have been submitted by U.S. noncoms and company officers , and are based on fairly recent combat experiences in France and Italy .
Artillery in Support of Infantry
" The German basic force seemed to be infantry with heavy weapons , plus a heavy tank , a self - propelled gun , or some other single cannon .
The enemy covered an attack by an impressive display of fire power over a wide front .
He also attempted to move his base of fire by having a self - propelled gun or a tank accompany the infantry , who fired machine pistols as they advanced .
In defense a single gun was used , but we destroyed so many that the Germans soon found this system wasteful .
To gain control , they stayed in close columns very near the front , where we frequently surprised them .
" The chief drawbacks of German field artillery can be summarized briefly as lack of mass , poor transport , poor lateral communication ( especially between observation posts ) , slowness in occupying positions and preparing for massed fire , and reliance on single cannon , often very poorly sited , for support .
" When German delaying forces used cannon , they tended to select poor positions .
Their high - velocity weapons had to occupy positions which we could discover easily .
Their infantry howitzers were very poorly situated , either through ignorance or because of a desire to put the guns in a position from which their personnel could not escape and where they would have to fight to the last .
" On the other hand , we were impressed with the accuracy of German field artillery .
I 've seen a 150 - mm battery concentration hit a crossroads so consistently that engineers had to be called on to make it passable for a 2 1 / 2 - ton truck .
As far as thoroughness goes , the Germans get more out of a round than the devil himself gets on a lump of coal . "
Deceptive Fire of Machine Pistol
" The German machine pistol — a submachine gun , in U.S. terminology — is very deceptive when heard in combat .
We call it the ' zipper gun . '
It can be fired almost on top of you and yet sound far away , and vice versa .
The reason for this is that there is a gadget on the barrel which enables the operator to muffle the sound of firing .
Our men know that this gun is not highly accurate , but , because of the high rate of fire and the sound , it 's a fairly harassing weapon . "
" The first bursts that the machine pistol delivers are effective .
The rest have a tendency to go high and to the right .
Because of this , new troops sometimes think that they are being fired on by more weapons than are actually in operation .
A favorite German trick is to fire a single round from the machine pistol , move to another spot and deliver automatic fire , and then move again to fire a single round . "
Prearranged Fire on Approaches
" When the Germans expected us to attempt an advance , they would zero in on all the avenues of approach that we might reasonably be expected to use .
Then they would plant snipers at strategic points .
When we attacked , the snipers would open up immediately , in an effort to pin us down into a compact group .
If this tactic succeeded , the enemy would let loose with mortars or 88's , which already had been zeroed in .
The Germans especially favored this method in hilly terrain , where we did not have a wide choice of attack routes .
" The Germans seldom defended low ground .
They almost invariably entrenched themselves in high ground , where they would have good observation . "
Artillery Fire Control
" In our experience , German artillery fired only on targets of importance , except in the case of a diversionary attack , when firing at random seemed to be the general practice .
The Germans fired according to the amount of ammunition they had on hand .
To conserve ammunition for their larger guns , they would couple one of these guns with a light gun , and would try to obtain the range by using the lighter piece .
( However , by using smoke , we were able to thwart these efforts at range estimation . )
The Germans invariably used only one destructive weapon against a target .
When they were hard - pressed and were about to withdraw from a position , their artillery would fire a heavy barrage , lasting as long as half an hour , on the whole front or area .
This barrage would be heavier than in the case of an actual attack . "
" Our unit found that the Germans nearly always fired a smoke shell during the daytime , to get the range for their artillery .
At night they would move a machine - gun squad close up to the line , and fire tracer over a certain point ; by this method the observation post could determine the range for artillery at night .
At first the Germans used only two men to a machine - gun nest , but later on they began to use three men .
The third man would stay hidden in case there should be an Allied attempt to take the machine - gun nest .
If such an attempt was made , the two German soldiers who were visible would walk out in front of the machine - gun nest , holding up their hands to be searched .
When Allied soldiers were engaged in the searching process , the two Germans suddenly would drop to the ground , and the third German , concealed in the machine - gun position , would start firing .
" When the enemy was driven out of a town or village , he would leave an observation post in a church tower or some other place where there was a large bell .
As our troops entered the village , the observation - post personnel would ring the bell , and German artillery , having zeroed in previously , would fire as soon as the bell rang . "
Use of Tanks
" I never saw a German tank employed singly .
In nearly all instances , a section or a platoon was employed .
One tank may try to draw your fire ; then , if you react as the Germans expect you to , you are immediately subjected to the remainder of their fire power .
" German tanks have a tendency to bunch up , and it is quite common for them to expose their broadsides .
We found them vulnerable to cross fire from fire power employed on an extended front . "
" I found that the enemy employs his tanks in groups of six or more , and that there usually are two or three types in a group .
The most common , we found , were the Pz. Kpfw .
VI , the Pz. Kpfw .
IV , and , in most cases , one or two self - propelled guns .
These guns , I believe , are intended to delay our advance in the event that the tanks have to withdraw or maneuver to a more advantageous position .
The Germans frequently use a single tank as a decoy to draw your fire , with the hope that you will present yourself as a more vulnerable target .
The enemy 's main fault , it seems to me , is bunching up his vehicles and trying to get too much through a single avenue of approach or withdrawal . "
" If a German tank is not completely destroyed — set afire with high - explosive shells , for example — the enemy is likely to sneak back into it and deliver unexpected fire from its weapons .
Also , a crew bailing out may leave a man behind to cause us trouble .
Once , we fired on a Pz. Kpfw .
IV Special , and hit it in the track .
The crew bailed out immediately , and we thought the tank was out of action .
However , the gunner remained in the vehicle .
After we had stopped watching this particular tank , the gunner fired two rounds at us .
We were n't hit , fortunately , and lost no time at all in demolishing the tank . "
Antitank Guns
" The Germans have been introducing more and more 57 - mm antitank guns , usually emplaced in pairs .
The positions are likely to be just below the crest of a hill or a high bank .
From the positions of the guns , it is evident that the crews plan to let our armor come well within range , and then take them under a cross fire .
The emplacements are always well dug - in and camouflaged .
Invariably there is a crawl trench leading from the gun itself to a dugout , which serves as living quarters for the crew .
After the gun has been hit , surviving members of the crew move down these trenches and out of observation . "
Machine - gun Fire
" Our men have learned how to get around the fast - shooting German light machine guns .
These guns have such a rapid rate of fire that they are not able to cover a great deal of ground .
When our men have stayed well apart , the machine guns have not been able to do much damage .
Actually , these weapons are terrific ammunition wasters .
And our men have learned how to take advantage of the few moments afforded when the crew must change barrels .
This happens frequently because of the high rate of fire .
What ground the light machine guns cover is covered well , but it 's a very limited area . "
" Double rows of German base fire , at night , involved a heavy unidentified line of fire approximately 3 feet from the ground and a high , arching line of fire , amply identified by tracer bullets .
Evidently the Germans hoped to create the impression that the principal fire was high and inaccurate , and also to discourage night bayonet attacks . "
There are many factors involved when determining job satisfaction , some have more effect , some less ( most will have a marginal effect ) .
But there are three factors that stand out above all others .
You have all three – you are ecstatic , you have none – you ’re miserable .
I call them the three pillars of job satisfaction and they are :
money – how much you earn
– how much you earn people – who you work with
– who you work with type of work – the type of work you ’re doing , i.e. whether or not it is interesting to you
I am probably biasing these somewhat towards software development , but then again I am a software developer , so I hope noone is surprised :) .
Regardless these should be applicable to just about any type of job , role , position or industry .
Money
This is your salary , bonuses , package etc .
It includes how much you earn and all the perks and bonuses that are involved .
This is mostly determined by how much you think you ’re worth rather than industry averages or some other kind of metric .
If you are earning less than what you think you should be , you ’re not satisfied .
If you earn more , or just enough , you ’re happy .
Since your sense of how much you ’re worth can easily change based on your perception of the world ( you read a survey about those same industry averages and realize you ’re getting jibbed ) , your level of satisfaction with this pillar can alter drastically almost overnight .
People
This is all about the kinds of people you work with .
Are you friends with everyone at work , do you like spending time with your work mates socially as well as professionally ?
If you do then you ’ll be satisfied with this one .
You do n’t have to be friends with everyone at your company , but you do have to like everyone that you closely work with .
When you only marginally like the people you work with ( i.e. you do n’t mind them but would n’t hang out with them ) , this pillar will hover on the verge of satisfaction .
When you love the people you work with then you ’re on a constant buzz when you come to work and “ your cup runneth over ” ( so to speak : ) ) when it comes to this pillar .
Disliking even one of the people you work with closely , can significantly decrease your level of satisfaction here .
The upside with this one is , the more people you really like , the more resilient you are to not getting along with someone ( i.e. if you ’re good mates with everyone , you do n’t really mind one idiot ) .
As a consequence this pillar is not as susceptible to sudden major shifts like the Money one is .
Type Of Work
This is all about the kind of work you do .
It will differ from industry to industry , but in software development it is all about the kind of technologies you ’re using , what kind of stuff you ’re learning while doing your work and the kind of impact your work has on the rest of the world .
If you work with outdated technology on irrelevant projects and learn nothing new while doing it you will not be happy when it comes to this pillar .
If however you get to learn a lot from your work and you think that what you ’re doing is significant in some way ( i.e. there is some bragging power in the work you ’re doing , like working for a project with name recognition or working for a good cause ) you ’ll be happy .
This pillar is usually more prone to slow degradation rather than big shifts .
The work you do will usually not change significantly in a short period of time , so if you ’re happy to start with you ’ll usually be happy for a while .
However , as you learn all you can from the work that you do ( i.e. get across all the tech ) you level of satisfaction may decrease .
It will also decrease slowly as the novelty of the work wears off and it becomes routine .
Note that if you do consulting work you may go from wildly happy to wildly unhappy about this one almost overnight by switching projects / clients .
How You Feel
When you feel good about all the three pillars at your current place of employment you feel like this :
“ I am working with awesome people , doing some really cool stuff and getting paid a craploads to boot .
Could this sh*t get any better ? ” – you ’re very happy
When you ’re happy with two of the pillars only , you feel like this :
“ I am working with awesome people , doing some really cool stuff , I just wish this sh*t paid a little better . ” – you ’re satisfied
or
“ I am working with a bunch of idiots , but at least I am doing some really cool stuff and getting paid a craploads to boot . ” – you ’re satisfied
or
“ I am working with awesome people , the work IS boring and irrelevant , but at least I am getting paid a craploads . ” – you ’re satisfied
When you ’re only happy with one of the pillars you feel like this :
“ I am working with awesome people , but the work is boring and irrelevant and I wish this sh*t paid a little better . ” – you ’re reasonably satisfied ( not too bad but could be better )
or
“ I am working with a bunch of idiots , the work is boring and irrelevant but at least I am getting getting paid a craploads . ” – you ’re reasonably satisfied ( not too bad but could be better )
or
“ I am working with a bunch of idiots , I AM doing some really cool stuff , I just wish this sh*t paid a little better . “- you ’re reasonably satisfied ( not too bad but could be better )
When you ’re not satisfied with any of the pillars you feel like this :
“ I am working with a bunch of idiots , the work is boring and irrelevant and I am getting paid next to nothing .
This crap is for the birds , I gotta get the hell out ! ” – you ’re very unhappy
Lessons
It is interesting to note that when you can claim to have all three of the pillars you ’ll be extremely happy at your place of employment .
As soon as one of the pillars is no longer satisfied , you level of happiness takes a significant dive , but you do n’t become unhappy , you still feel ok about your situation .
You would expect that losing a second pillar would produce another dive in your satisfaction levels and plunge you well into unhappiness , but this is not the case .
Loosing a second pillar , does n’t matter which one , only produces a slight decrease in your level of satisfaction , I believe this is due to our ( i.e. humans ) natural instinct to stick with what we know .
Humans do n’t really like change , so the fact that our general situation remains mostly the same largely makes up for losing a second pillar .
Note that if you ’re newly entering into a situation where two of the pillars do n’t exist , your outlook will be completely different and you will be pretty unhappy from the start .
This is once again due to the fact that we do n’t like change and since you ’re changing circumstances already , it tends to exacerbate the fact that two of the pillars are already lacking .
The only thing that can make up for it in this case is if your previous situation was much worse ( i.e. all three pillars were missing ) .
Unscrupulous companies will tend to exploit the fact that you can still be reasonably satisfied with only one of the three major pillars , so it is up to you to watch out for this .
You need to recognize the fact that the situation you ’re in is crappy and even though it still has some redeeming qualities you have a very good chance of being a lot more satisfied if you change your circumstances now .
Losing a third pillar produces another nose dive in your satisfaction levels and you go from reasonably satisfied to extremely unhappy .
This is mostly due to the fact that while we do n’t like change , there is only so much we are willing to put up with for the sake of comfort .
When all three pillars are taken away , your situation no longer has any major redeeming qualities and while it might take you a little while to realize that moving on is the best option , you will eventually arrive at that conclusion .
And that ’s my amateur psychologist analysis :) , I ’d love to hear what everyone else thinks about the subject .
And if you ’ve enjoyed reading this do n’t forget to subscribe to my RSS feed , so you do n’t miss more of my musings :) .
Images by J.W. Photography and Tambako the Jaguar
Jana and Juno , the Auckland Zoo 's resident otter couple , spent a year in courtship before they decided they liked one another .
Asian small - clawed otters mate for life but are " notoriously fussy " about who that mate will be .
Well a few weeks ago Jana gave birth to two fluffy male pups , weighing just 400 - 500 grams or just about a pound .
Baby otter does not look pleased
I will trade you anything for your handful of otter
" Otters do n't develop their waterproof coats until three months , so for now with their big strong heads on top of their little uncoordinated bodies and their soft furry coats , they 're incredibly cute - rather like cuddly little baby bull dogs . " explained Auckland Zoo otter team leader , Amy Dixon .
These little pups are the first Asian small - clawed otters born at an Australasian zoo in six years .
Thanks to Abbey Allpress for the tip !
Incorporating lots of different vegetables , fruits , whole grains , nuts , seeds and dried beans , soy and lentils is key to ensuring you get sufficient protein and nutrients .
It pays to be especially mindful of sources of vitamin B12 , calcium , iodine , cheap jerseys iron , zinc , vitamin D and omega 3 fats , according to the Mayo Clinic .
All of these nutrients can be part of a vegan diet , whether through the consumption of fortified foods or vitamin supplements , or through smart choices , such as eating flaxseed , soybeans and walnuts for omega 3 ; dark green vegetables for calcium ; and foods high in vitamin C to boost iron absorption ..
Biotech continues to trade in a very narrow range as it has done Wholesale Cheap NHL Jerseys Free Shipping since the sector ’s explosive rally in July .
It kind of reminds me of the narrow projected track of Hurricane Matthew we are intently focused on down here in Miami at the moment .
Hopefully we will still be able to get out Friday ’s edition of the Biotech Forum Daily Digest ; but if that does not appear , you know why ..
Obtain coaching experience in your sport .
If you want to recruit football players , Cheap china Jerseys look for a football coaching job at any level .
Build your resume by moving up the ladder from Pee Wee football to high school football .
Football is the Cheap Wholesale NHL Jerseys From China national sport of Italy .
This is just one of the reasons the Italians are crazy about football .
The country Cheap Soccer Jerseys China has a well established domestic soccer league system in place , attracting the Wholesale Discount NFL Jerseys China best footballing talents from across the world .
2. Management risk :
After the FDA requested more info , http://cheapjerseysupply.com and the stock plunged earlier this year , the CEO left the company .
This caused many investors ( myself included ) to be very concerned .
Madame Duparc followed on the list of witnesses .
The coupon for new balance report of her examination so thoroughly had she recovered from cheap authentic christian louboutin shoes the effects of the dinner of the Discount Authentic Jerseys China seventh ran to prada sale shoes a prodigious length .
Five sixths of it related entirely to her own cheap nike dunk high sensations and suspicions , and the sensations and suspicions of her relatives christian louboutin tan pumps and friends , after they had risen from the table .
If a player is tackled while holding the ball , the next play starts from that yard marker .
If the quarterback throws the ball and it is not caught , the ball returns to the same spot it had been on the previous down .
On fourth down , a team may choose to go for the first down , kick a field goal for three points or punt the ball .
Argentina ’s Supreme Court ruled on Tuesday that it was unconstitutional to punish an adult for possessing and consuming marijuana if it did not endanger others .
In a unanimous ruling , the court struck down criminal penalties for using drugs “ in private . ”
The court said public officials needed to fight illegal trafficking of narcotics while adopting methods to treat drug use as a health issue .
About Me Travis San Antonio , TX , United States An Electrical Engineer by training .
I 've fallen into computational science in general and open source software in particular .
I was a founder and formerly CEO of Enthought , Inc. -- a scientific computing company in Austin .
Lately , I 've been investing , day - trading and loving life in San Antonio , TX .
View my complete profile
Saturn to Pull Celestial Houdini on August 11
Media contacts :
DC Agle 818-393-9011
Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
agle@jpl.nasa.gov
Updated Aug. 13 , 2009
In 1918 , magician extraordinaire Harry Houdini created a sensation when he made a 10,000 - pound elephant disappear before a mystified audience of over 5,200 at New York 's famed Hippodrome theatre .
But a vanishing pachyderm is nothing compared to the magnificent illusion to be performed by our solar system 's own sixth rock from the sun on Aug. 11 .
On that day , ladies and gentlemen , boys and girls , children of all ages , the planet Saturn , with no help from either Jupiter or Uranus , will make its 170,000 - mile - wide ring system disappear .
How does a mere gas giant planet , without the benefit of a magic wand , smoke and mirrors , or even sleeves for that matter , manage to hide an estimated 35 trillion - trillion tons of ice , dust and rock fragments ?
Saturn itself , perhaps adhering to the magician 's code never to reveal how a trick is performed , is not talking .
But fortunately for us , dear friends , Linda Spilker , deputy project scientist for the Cassini Saturn mission at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif. , is not in the magician 's guild .
" Saturn has been performing the " ring plane crossing " illusion about every 15 years since the rings formed , perhaps as long as 4.5 billion years ago , so by now it is pretty good at it , " said Spilker .
" The magician 's tools required to perform this trick are pure sunlight , a planet that is tilted , and a main ring system that may be almost 200 - thousand miles wide , but only 30 feet thick . "
All planets in our solar system have their spin axes tilted relative to their orbits around the sun to some extent .
Earth 's spin axis is tilted at an angle a little over 23 degrees .
Saturn 's is tilted a little over 26 degrees .
And just as on Earth , as Saturn orbits the sun , one of its hemispheres is receiving more sunlight than the other .
And also just as on Earth , this differential illumination causes seasons on Saturn .
The exception to this planetary illumination rule occurs when a planet 's position in its orbit places its equator directly in line with the photons of light streaming in from the sun .
At that moment , sunlight brightens exactly the same amount of a planet 's northern hemisphere as it does the southern hemisphere .
This moment in time is called " equinox , " and on Earth it occurs every year about March 21 ( spring equinox ) and September 22 ( autumnal equinox ) .
On Saturn , it occurs twice during each 29 Earth - year - long orbit around the sun ( about every 15 years ) .
" Whenever equinox occurs at Saturn , sunlight will hit Saturn 's thin rings edge - on , " said Spilker .
" The light reflecting off this extremely narrow band is so small that for all practical purposes the rings simply vanish . "
While the second largest planet in our solar system has been conjuring its ring plane phenomenon for millennia , the audience for it only began showing up about 400 years ago .
By December 1612 , Galileo Galilei had been studying Saturn and its " two large moons " ( through his primitive telescope he mistook the ring system for moons on either side of the planet ) for over two years .
He had been noticing these " two moons " getting thinner and thinner .
After the rings disappeared from his eyepiece entirely , Galileo shared his surprise in a letter in which he wrote , " I do not know what to say in a case so surprising , so unlooked for and so novel . " " Galileo had every right to be mystified by the rings , " said Spilker .
" While we know how Saturn pulls off its ring - plane crossing illusion , we are still fascinated and mystified by its rings , and equinox is a great time for us to learn more . "
Far from being a loss , a solar ring plane crossing provides a unique opportunity for scientists .
The sunlight hitting the rings edge - on has the potential to spotlight ring structures and oddities previously unseen , or throw shadows that reveal their locations .
But fair warning for those miserly types armed with their own telescopes and determined to get a free celestial magic show .
This particular conjuring of the ring - plane crossing illusion will have an audience of one .
" Saturn 's position in its orbit has brought its position in the sky so close to the sun that it is extremely difficult to see even with the best of telescopes , " said Spilker .
" Fortunately , we have Cassini in the front row .
" The Cassini spacecraft has been observing Saturn , its moons and its rings from orbit around the planet for the past five years .
The spacecraft 's instruments have discovered new rings and moons , as well as changed the way we look at Saturn 's ring system .
Around equinox , Cassini 's thermal instrument is tasked with measuring the temperature of both sides of the rings as the sun sets to look at how the rings cool as they go through this seasonal change .
The spacecraft 's cameras are looking for topographic features in the rings , like tiny moons and possible ring warps , which are only visible at equinox , while the near - infrared and ultraviolet instruments will be on the hunt for signs of seasonal change on the planet .
"
The great thing is we are not sure what we will find , " said Spilker .
" Like any great magician , Saturn never fails to impress .
" The Cassini-Huygens mission is a cooperative project of NASA , the European Space Agency and the Italian Space Agency .
The Cassini orbiter was designed , developed and assembled at JPL .
JPL manages the mission for the Science Mission Directorate at NASA Headquarters in Washington .
More information about the Cassini mission is available at http://www.nasa.gov/cassini or http://saturn.jpl.nasa.gov
MMMM !
Delicious !
I love a good BBQ , but I can say with absolute certainty that BBQing a cymothoa exigua is n’t going to make it taste any better .
That being said , these parasites do no real damage to fish they inhabit .
And according to reliable sources , eating fish containing the parasite is perfectly safe .
Personally I ’d be a little put off if something this gnarly looking crawled out of the face of my dinner , and so was David …
I purchased a 6 kg pack of sea bass , cleaned and gutted four and popped two of them on my barbecue .
After about 10 minutes I turned them over , and after a further 5 minutes went to check on them .
It must have become too hot in there for the parasite , which became visible half out of the fish ’s mouth .
I did n’t realize what it was , so did n’t check to see if the fish still had a tongue .
I ’m not even sure if the parasite crawled out , or was pushed out as a result of the fish cooking .
We are not intending to eat sea bass for a while !!
Regards ,
David
Thanks David !
Why are Canadian banks more resilient ?
And what can we do about risky wholesale funding ?
Rocco Huang , Lev Ratnovski
Why have Canadian banks fared better during the crisis than their OECD peers ?
This column attributes their stability to their reliance on depository funding rather than more risky wholesale funding .
It recommends a Pigouvian tax penalising banks using excessive short - term wholesale funding .
During a visit to the London School of Economics last November , HM Queen Elizabeth asked a group of leading economists there : did no one see the banking crisis coming ?
Spotting potential bank failures is a difficult , if not impossible , task .
A Lex column at the Financial Times painted a dismal picture :
“ Capital adequacy ratios , for example , gave no clue as to which banks would go under .
Even purer measures that compared common equity to assets were of little help .
Indeed , capital ratios for those banks requiring intervention were actually higher than the group average .
Examining liquidity ratios or non-performing loans versus total loans would also have been no help . ”
With the benefit of hindsight , we notice that , among developed countries , Canadian banks performed relatively well during the financial turmoil .
What could explain their relative resilience ?
Our recent IMF working paper ( Ratnovski and Huang 2009 ) explores many factors behind the unusual resilience of Canadian banks .
Figure 1 . Spread between interbank 3 - month lending rate and overnight index swap rate
Our paper analyses the pre-crisis balance sheet structures of the largest commercial banks in OECD countries and relates them to bank performance during the turmoil .
Our regression analysis shows that incidents of bank distress can be explained rather well based on just three pre-crisis accounting - based financial ratios : a critically low ( below 4 % ) equity - to - asset ratio , insufficient balance sheet liquidity , and a funding structure that relied less on a stable deposit base and more on wholesale funding .
Empirically , the funding structure , as measured by the depository funding to total asset ratio , is the most robust predictor of bank performance during the turmoil .
How were Canadian banks different from their peers ?
Canadian banks ’ pre-crisis balance sheet structures were broadly similar to those of banks in other OECD countries with one notable exception – funding structure .
Canadian banks were in the top quartile of the OECD sample in terms of their use of depository funding .
The advantage of stable deposit funding may have insulated them from the freeze of wholesale funding markets , contributing to their resilience .
Figure 2 . The S&P 500 vs. the Toronto Stock Exchange
Why do Canadian banks have a firmer grip on depository funding ?
Environments and circumstances are important factors .
On the supply side , large Canadian banks , benefiting from their nationwide footprints and a universal banking model , are able to offer one - stop service to households , which helps attract and retain household savings .
On the demand side , in recent years , Canadian banks experienced slower asset growth than their neighbours in the US , leading to a narrower funding gap and hence a lower need for wholesale funding in addition to household savings
What can policymakers do about banks ’ excessive use of short - term wholesale funding ?
To address banks perverse risk - taking incentives , many leading policy proposals focus on introducing more cycle - proof capital regulations ( for example see Raghuram Rajan ’s column at the Economist ) .
We believe that a Pigouvian tax targeting at banks ’ debt structure could help as well .
In a separate paper ( Ratnovski and Huang 2008 ) , we develop a theoretical model to analyse the negative effect of short - term wholesale funding .
In our model , short - term wholesale funds create liquidity risk and may lead to costly and unwarranted bank runs , but banks love them because they are relatively cheap and banks do n’t internalise all the costs of liquidity risks .
Short - term wholesale funds accept lower interest rates because they bear little risks .
As they are able to exit earlier than others , they can shift most risks to long - term investors , retail depositors , and , eventually , the taxpayers .
The theoretic model allows us to derive a policy intervention solution , in the form of a Pigouvian tax , to correct for the perverse incentive banks have to use short - term funding .
The tax formula prescribes a higher tax rate for banks using shorter maturity funding , particularly secured funding , because both features effectively give wholesale financiers higher seniority , distorting their incentives .
The formula requires assessing the tax based on a bank ’s total liabilities and not just insured deposits .
It also prescribes a higher tax rate for banks investing more in arm ’s length assets relative to small business loans .
This tax , by increasing banks ’ private cost of using short - term wholesale funding , would force banks to internalise the damages on other stakeholders , and reduces banks ’ incentives to rely on short - term funding .
We are not alone in proposing a Pigouvian tax to address this problem .
In CEPR Policy Insight No.31 ( also see a companion VoxEU column ) , Enrico Perotti and Javier Suarez proposed a similar “ liquidity charge ” proportional to the maturity mismatch between assets and liabilities to equalise funding costs between short - term and long - term funding .
The Perotti-Suarez proposal is well - supported by our theoretic model and has great operational feasibility under the roof of the future European Systemic Risk Council .
What have the authorities done ?
Some of the FDIC ’s new rules are consistent with our model ’s prescription .
For example , the FDIC recently assessed a special charge based on a bank ’s total assets and not its total deposits , taking into account the extra risks large banks take by borrowing from the wholesale market .
Assessments also increased for institutions that rely heavily on brokered deposits to fund rapid asset growth or rely significantly on secured liabilities .
Assessments would decrease for institutions that hold long - term unsecured debt .
The FDIC argues that the primary purpose of the secured liability adjustment is to remedy an inequity – an institution with secured liabilities in place of another ’s deposits pays a smaller deposit insurance assessment , even if both pose the same risk of failure and would cause the same losses to the FDIC in the event of failure .
Disclaimer :
This column presents the views of the authors and does not necessarily represent the views of the IMF or its Board .
References
Financial Times ( 2009 ) , “ Systemic stresses ” , 26 April .
Perotti , Enrico and Javier Suarez ( 2009 ) , “ Liquidity insurance for systemic crises ” , CEPR Policy Insight No 31 .
Rajan , Raghuram ( 2009 ) , " Cycle- proof regulation " Economist 8 April .
Ratnovski , Lev , and Rocco Huang ( 2008 ) , “ The Dark Side of Bank Wholesale Funding ” , Wharton Financial Institutions Center Working Paper # 08 - 40 .
Ratnovski , Lev , and Rocco Huang ( 2009 ) , “ Why Are Canadian Banks More Resilient ? ” , IMF Working Paper 09/152 .
Legal use of this escort website
Visitors to this elite agency website agree to these terms and conditions apply to all the users of the site .
For any of the 24/7 contact methods used whether , by SMS or email or WhatsApp or telephone calls or face to face meetings , these terms and conditions also apply .
These terms and conditions also apply to the members or non-members seeking booking services from us , the top escort agency in London .
Use of this escort website or any type of communication material is subject to the agreement of these conditions :
It is agreed that PalaceVIP only makes bookings and we do not control or influence girls to conduct any activity other than keeping the appointments we make for them .
The girls and the clients have a free choice to continue the booking at the time of the meeting .
There is no cancellation fee should they decide to cancel the booking .
It is also agreed that all forms of contact and communications within this website or any staff of the agency are nothing more than an inducement for a booking .
And are not an inducement for any other type of service from either a girl or from the agency .
If you do n't agree with these terms , then please leave this website now .
And please do not contact us .
Use of this website is restricted to people over the age of 18 .
If you are under the age of 18 please leave this website now .
Definitions : High Class and Elite Escorts
Our definition of high - class escorts is one that includes not just the style and shape of face and body but also the characteristics of the mind and character .
Such high - quality girls are very hard to find .
It takes a great deal of time and energy to bring such elite to you .
We hope that you will appreciate this and relax and enjoy the results of our effort .
The Rights and Obligation for use of images :
Any applicant must agree that by sending us their images , they have granted us the authority to use images under the following terms and conditions :
It is agreed that in the action of sending us images the applicant has automatically granted an irrevocable and unlimited license to use images for a period of up to 4 months from the date of sending us those images .
It is agreed that this includes any images sent by any means including email , SMS , MMS , or any other social applications , including but not limited to WhatsApp or the website application form .
It is agreed that where fees due by the girl are unpaid , the agency has been granted an indefinite and irrevocable unlimited license to use the images of that girl until payment of outstanding fees has been made .
It is agreed that where the agency finds lower prices or uncovered faces of the same photos of the same model on other websites we have the right to adjust the price or the photos on our website accordingly , automatically .
Girls and the Time Wasters Administration Fee :
Sometimes girls are very crazy and waste our time for interviews , phone calls , training , induction , systems , profile setup and marketing .
And do n't give us a chance to recover our investment in time and money in starting to work with her .
In such cases , it is agreed that any brunette or blonde girls could pay us a Time Wasters Administration Fee of £ 150 to remove the photos from our website .
Such payment is at the discretion of the girl , and photos will be removed in either case .
Customers Privacy and Data Protection
Advertising costs form a significant part of any business .
These costs are incurred to keep and attract new clients .
Partners acknowledge this and agree that in making an application and accepting bookings from the agency that they will keep client information confidential and not exchange any contact data with the client or any competitor or others without the express written permission of the agency .
All elite London models agree if they do breach these requirements not to protect clients details for yous , they agree to pay to the agency a Fee for the introduction of £ 3000 .
Most on - line Introduction Agencies charge fees of £ 3000 to £ 20,000 to clients for introductions , so this fee is very reasonable .
The models agree to pay this fee by the action of sending your photos to us and further reaffirm this agreement again each time you accept bookings from our booking service .
All the 24/7 busty girls agree that by sending their application or accepting bookings that they may be audited occasionally by our customers or other representatives of the agency .
Audits are conducted at the discretion of the agency to ascertain if policies are being maintained .
It is agreed that audits are fair and reasonable and that beaches of policy will receive the applicable penalty , and the girls agree to whatever reasonable penalty is stipulated in these terms and , conditions .
SMART HEURISTICS : GERD GIGERENZER [ 4.2.03 ]
At the beginning of the 20th century the father of modern science fiction , Herbert George Wells , said in his writings on politics , " If we want to have an educated citizenship in a modern technological society , we need to teach them three things : reading , writing , and statistical thinking . "
At the beginning of the 21st century , how far have we gotten with this program ?
In our society , we teach most citizens reading and writing from the time they are children , but not statistical thinking .
John Alan Paulos has called this phenomenon innumeracy .
Spoiler Alert !
If you have n't read the fourth " Twilight " book -- and plan to -- this story is going to ruin your life forever .
You sure wanna go on ?
Here we go ...
Turns out Stephenie Meyer , the woman behind the Twilight series , is n't the only person to write about sexy vampires -- ' cause she 's being accused of ripping off the storyline for her fourth ultra-successful book by a less famous , less rich author .
A woman named Jordan Scott fired off a cease and desist letter to the publisher of " Breaking Dawn " -- the fourth book in the series -- claiming the Twilight tale contains a " striking and substantial similarity " to Scott 's book , " The Nocturne . "
In her extremely detailed letter , Scott claims her book was published in 2006 -- two years before " Breaking Dawn " -- and it's no coincidence that many of the scenes are almost identical .
Such as ...
-- Both books contain a post - wedding sex scene
-- Both books contain a scene about a woman who 's sick because she 's carrying a child with " evil powers "
-- Both books contain a scene with the death of the main character 's wife
And according to Scott , the dialogue in all of these scenes -- and more -- is extremely similar .
But Meyer 's rep is calling BS -- telling TMZ , " The claim that ' Breaking Dawn ' by Stephenie Meyer somehow infringes on an alleged book by someone named Jordan Scott is completely without merit .
Neither Stephenie Meyer nor her representatives had any knowledge of this writer or her supposed book prior to this claim . "
So , the million dollar question ...
Since the late 18th century American legal decision that the business corporation organizational model is legally a person , it has become a dominant economic , political and social force around the globe .
This film takes an in - depth psychological examination of the organization model through various case studies .
What the study illustrates is that in the its behaviour , this type of " person " typically acts like a dangerously destructive psychopath without conscience .
Furthermore , we see the profound threat this psychopath has for our world and our future , but also how the people with courage , intelligence and determination can do to stop it .
Written by Kenneth Chisholm ( kchishol@rogers.com )
The American Psychological Association just “ officially debunked ” the validity of gay - to - straight therapies , said Joel Schwartzberg in the Newark , N.J. , Star - Ledger .
This is a “ refreshing triumph of science over willful ignorance , ” not to mention a big step toward the acceptance of gays in America .
It ’s too bad “ evangelists ” of so - called “ conversion ” or “ reparative ” therapy “ do n’t give a hoot about what the larger psychological community does or says . ”
Maybe they would , said Kim Trobee in Focus on the Family ’s CitizenLink , if the APA and the larger psychological community did n’t overlook “ years of clinical research that shows sexual orientation is changeable through therapy . ”
Some people struggling with gay attractions do n’t share the APA ’s “ false assumption that homosexuality is normal and positive . ”
Those ethically or religiously “ conflicted ” gay men are the whole point of the APA ’s report , said Stephanie Simon in The Wall Street Journal .
And while the new APA guidelines stress that there is “ no evidence therapy can change sexual orientation , ” they also — in a “ striking departure ” — say it ’s ethical for counselors to promote rejecting gay attractions , even if that means embracing celibacy .
Such “ repression ” might work for some struggling gays and lesbians , said Wayne Besen in The Huffington Post , but most of us would find it “ destructive to self - worth and psychological well - being . ”
In fact , the most important point of the APA report is that it “ smacks down the absurd notion , pushed by charlatans , ” that “ ex - gay ” therapies do anything but leave a trail of “ psychological casualties . ”
Here ’s something to give the conspiracy buffs a total breakdown : Combine these stories from Bloomberg , Daily Kos , and Zero Hedge , and you can reach a rather unsavory conclusion :
What is the inference of potentially illegality here ?
“ That Goldman Sachs may just possibly have used security access codes and built a system to acquire trading information PRIOR to transaction commit time points at NYSE .
The profitability of this split - second information advantage would have been and could have been extraordinary .
Observed yielding profits at $ 100,000,000 a day .
[ summary to address complaints with respect to complexity . ]
GS has special access inside the system from its status assisting the Working Group on Financial Markets ( colloquially the Plunge Protection Team ) created by Presidential Order two decades ago .
GC also acts as Special Liquidity Provider for NYSE .
With 60 % dominance of NYSE program trading , what ’s good for Goldman defines what shows as overall market performance . ”
There is likely to be more info about this trickling out over the coming days and weeks .
Stay tuned . . .
>
Hat tip Bill King
Sources :
Goldman Sachs ’s $ 100 Million Trading Days Hit Record
Christine Harper
Bloomber , May 6
http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601087&sid=a7HGVAn8w73Y&
FBI Arrest Opens Goldman - Sachs ’ Pandora ’s Box
bobswern
Daily Kos , Jul 06 , 2009
http://www.dailykos.com/story/2009/7/6/750420/-Breaking:-FBI-Arrest-Opens-Goldman-Sachs-Pandoras-Box
Intraday Observations
Tyler Durden
Zero Hedge , JULY 8 , 2009
http://zerohedge.blogspot.com/2009/07/intraday-observations.html
“ Incredibly Shrinking Liquidity ” as Goldman Flushed Quant Trading
vets74
Daily Kos , Jul 07 , 2009
http://www.dailykos.com/storyonly/2009/7/7/750786/-Incredibly-Shrinking-Liquidity-as-Goldman-Flushed-Quant-Trading
Sacha Baron
Cohen ’s latest movie ‘ Bruno ’ is set to debut July 10 , and as you can see from the publicity stunts he ’s staged to promo the film , it will be epic .
From adopting an African child named O.J. to catwalk - crashing and teabagging Eminem at the MTV Movie Awards , Sacha Baron Cohen has ensured that everyone who ’s anyone in pop culture knows who Bruno is .
I ’ve been keeping tabs on Bruno ’s latest stunts on Twitter using # CinemaTweets ( Full disclosure :
This post and our participation with # CinemaTweets is part of a paid sponsorship ) , and the entire discussion — including Bruno ’s own Twitter updates — has been curated at CinemaTweets.com
Check out these fierce publicity stunts for the ‘ Bruno ’ movie and more below .
From a group of NWFP women
“ Islam started as soon as we fled from Malakand .
People outside Swat think we had Islam and Shariat .
There is no Islam in Swat .
The Taliban have finished it . ’
- woman from Mingawera , Swat , in a Sawabai camp
Where does one begin to tell you what they have been saying .
It is difficult to explain because it is difficult for some of us to believe , to understand and , at times , even to empathise with .
Between their rage and their tears , between giving each other solace and laughing at lighter moments , they opened up to talk to us .
They shall not be named but they shall be heard by all of us today .
We write here some of the stories told to us by the women of Swat .
They come from Kabbal , Mingawera ( Mingora ) , Qambar , Kanju and other parts of Swat .
Some are from Buner and Maidan in Lower Dir .
Their lives were affected in many more ways than the lives of their men .
Although they belong to a conservative and retrogressive culture , which the Pukhtun male has always guarded very carefully , these women have lived through many months of a terror which has kept them even more house bound and has challenged every aspect of their Pukhtun way of life , in ways that they could not imagine .
And yet their ignorance has played a big part in the tragedy of Swat .
An ignorance and naivety which made many of them the captive audience of Fazlullah , or , as they call him , ‘ Mullah Radio ’ .
When we entered the large tent a few women looked up and smiled .
Some got up and put out their hands to greet us , surprised that we could converse in the same language .
‘ Sit down .
We ca n’t even offer you tea ’ said one laughing ‘ look at us and what we have been reduced to . ’
We quite candidly said that they were OUR guests and welcomed them .
Their children were lying on the floor , red with the heat , tired and listless in the hot air of the fans .
The women had been sitting in silence before we went in .
We could hear no noise from the tent which was full of about forty women and children .
What could they share with each other ?
Each story was the same as the next .
It was a pall of misery and silence that hung over their heads .
These women were lucky , they had a common place to come to , out of their tents .
In most camps the women sit in the heat of the tents , not being allowed out .
They wait for their men to come before they can use the toilets .
Their children defecate outside the tents as they cannot take them to the toilets .
In some schools they feed their children first and , at times , do not eat .
One by one they spoke their ordeal , their flight from the bombing , the endless days of walking with children and the elderly and the dead they had left behind .
Soon each one wanted to tell her story .
They sat closer and closer to us , listening to the others and telling us about themselves .
Most had fled from Mingawera and other places in Swat .
Walking for days , avoiding the curfew by moving off the roads and taking to the mountains to walk , walking day and night , hiding their sons in trucks for fear that the Talibs would take them away to fight .
One woman had walked for nine days with three children under ten .
We cannot recall the number of women who told us about how their homes were shelled and how they had buried their dead without bathing them , in hurriedly dug graves .
One had lost her baby on the way down , had dug a ditch beside the road , torn off part of her chadar , wrapped her child in it and buried her in the ditch .
She walked on , to save what was left , her own life .
Another spoke of how in the madness of the bombing she had asked her husband to pick up her baby from the bed .
When they were out of the village , he realised he had picked up the pillow and left the six month old child behind .
They also kept walking .
Another woman spoke of how they were eating peacefully when a mortar had hit her house .
The word ‘ mortar ’ was a regular part of their conversation .
‘ Matr ’ and ‘ karpee ’ which we finally realised was ‘ curfew . ’
Another told us how her neighbours ’ home was shelled .
Four men had died on the spot .
People had run helter - skelter .
The helicopter passed and the men ran and started digging graves to bury the dead before fleeing the village .
They told the women to collect what they could and the women started to round up their children .
As the men dug , the helicopter returned to shell .
The men left the bodies and ran for cover .
The helicopter fired again and flew past .
The men returned and dug what they could and dumped the bodies into the graves .
She continued to talk , calmly .
‘ These were not graves , these were ditches .
We threw them into these ditches and we ran ’ .
Another woman in a school camp spoke of how her family had left food in their plates and hot tea in their cups when the shelling began .
She was brave and then her brown eyes filled with tears and she said ‘ My young son , he was in class ten , was hit on the back of his head and he died .
I lost my young son ’ and then her tears flowed .
The others sat looking at her , thinking of their own miseries .
We sat in silence , nobody consoling , nobody talking .
‘ At least they should have told us , why did they not tell us they were going to bomb ? ’
She wiped her eyes hurriedly and continued to talk .
‘ They are beasts these Taliban .
They are not human .
May
God finish them all like they have finished us . ’
We were surprised , surprised that her anger turned to the Taliban when her son was killed by military shelling .
She was a strong woman and continued to talk with a vengeance .
‘ May God punish these animals for what they have done to us .
I hope the army finishes every last one of them . ’
From one place to another , from one tent and school to another , we heard them tell us how they were unable to leave their homes for fear of being beaten or killed or flogged , how their men had been dragged out of their homes and slaughtered .
One of the men said he lived on the chowk where the Taliban slaughtered people .
He told us how they walked into homes and led out their victims in silence .
He told us of the sounds he heard when these men were slaughtered , like cattle , on the chowk .
He continued to talk “ This is the terror they spread , that a father could not save his son and a brother could not save his brother .
That they use to stand in silence and watch their sons being led away .
I was so outraged once that I started running out to stop them .
My wife had to drag me back into the house , telling me that I would only meet the same fate . ”
Each woman talked of the slaughter of men , whether they had been through it or whether they had heard it – it had terrorised them into silence and acquiescence .
They also spoke of how ‘ disgraced ’ they felt as they fled with only a dupatta on .
One of them laughed and said “ Burqah , burqah , that is all we heard in Swat but when we ran we were hardly covered and the whole world was looking at us . ”
The men did not think this was funny .
The humiliation they felt at this had outraged them .
The humiliation at their women being in these camps , being seen by other men , the humiliation of standing in line for food .
Perhaps that is why there were so many children standing in line for food at the camps .
But these are stories commonly heard until we heard them tell us unspeakable horrors .
In one of the schools a group of women led us to meet their friend .
She could not speak because she could not stop crying .
They kept saying ‘ Show them , show them what they did to you . ’
She was a widow and the Taliban had taken her 12 year old son away to join them .
The women said that they use to come to all their homes and ask for their sons .
They were too scared to resist .
Some boys were taken by force , others went themselves , others simply disappeared from madrassahs .
The widow had gone and taken her son back from the madrassah .
They had come into her house , taken all her jewelry and cut of all her hair .
She cried for her own humiliation and did not speak a word .
Women from Buner spoke of how the Taliban had no respect for the Pukhtun way of life , for Islam or for women .
How they would enter any house they wanted , whether to take away their sons or to take refuge .
They spoke of incidents of the younger women being raped , after which their breasts were cut off .
They told us how their men were beheaded and hung from electricity poles with their chopped off heads placed between their legs .
They would leave notes on these bodies for no one to touch .
So why did they let this happen ?
Why could they not get together to stop it ?
We repeatedly asked them this .
Who ARE these people ?
This is when the admittance came .
They were honest , honest about the power of Mullah Radio and his constituency of women listeners .
“ There was peace in Swat .
Shut in their homes many women listened to ‘ Raidu Mullah . ’
He addressed them directly .
“ He use to talk about Islam , about praying five times a day , about going to the madrassah and learning the Quran .
We all thought he was a good man . ”
He told the women about their duties under Islam , about cleanliness .
Some of them embarrassingly told us about how he told them to wash their private parts .
“ Radio Mullah ke haramtobe wo ” ( Mullah Radio spelled trouble for us ) said one woman .
“ I never allowed my daughters and daughters in law to listen to him and use to switch the radio off .
I just did not trust him . ”
As his popularity grew , women would line up outside his madrassah and donate .
They donated whatever little jewelry they had .
Even the poorest women would donate her nose - pins .
Some of them said that Fazlullah gave the jewelry to his wife as they saw her wearing a donated necklace .
This captive , gullible audience , shut in their homes became the main source of Mullah Radio ’s power and support .
They encouraged their sons to join his madrassah .
They provided the Taliban with a ready following .
They provided them their sons which they soon realised were fodder , fodder for suicide bombings and ‘ jehad .’.
It was only when they realised and resisted this that the Taliban turned on their own people .
“ They would knock at our doors – give us your sons in the name of Islam .
Thos who resisted were slaughtered . ”
They wanted the little boys and the young men , so little that the guns they carried were at times longer than their legs .
So little that the innocent brains in their little heads were filled with nonsense about so - called Islam .
But it was all too late and nobody was willing to listen .
“ The Taliban did nothing until the foreigners came .
The men from Waziristan and Afghanistan .
They were the ones who started training the local Taliban ” .
Many said their families approached the army and the government for help .
But nobody listened .
A few said that anyone who informed the army did not live long .
They kept quiet .
Even today parts of their areas where the Taliban have fled to are not known to the army .
They will not speak .
Suddenly in a fit of rage one of them started shouting “ What has happened today when for two years we have been screaming for help and the military and the Taliban have been sitting with each other chatting .
When their check posts were barely a few feet away from each other .
What was that all about that today it had to come to this , that our army has suddenly decided to bomb its own people .
Where was this army and this government when our people have been relating these incidents to them for almost two years ? ”
This is only a question to be answered by those responsible for what is happening to our people today .
So what was the Nizaam e Adal , what did this mean for the women .
They spoke of the flogging of that poor girl , they said Nizaam e Adal may have meant no war but that they could not leave their homes for fear that the Taliban may object to what they were wearing and beat them in public or kill their husbands .
As one of them said “ I stopped going to me relatives ’ homes , for funerals and weddings .
We were prisoners in our own homes as we could not move out without our men . ”
But there was no trust left in government , police or military .
A government which had signed this deal with the Taliban .
“ We have been fooled .
We have been fooled by the Taliban , the Army and the government .
We knew two years ago that this was not Islam but nobody would help us .
Why did the army not do this two years when the Taliban were fewer in number and when they could be controlled .
When they knew exactly where they were .
What is the reason for their friendship with these animals ?
Where was this army and this government when we were screaming for help and going to them ? ”
We heard this repeatedly and endlessly .
“ We will only believe the army when it catches those three leaders .
Where are those leaders ?
Once they are caught this will all finish .
We will believe it once those three men are caught . ”
How unfortunate it all is .
How unfortunate that a culture deliberately keeps its women ignorant , a ready fodder for a madman .
That these people had nowhere to turn to even when they wanted to save themselves and save our own country .
What answer can one give to these poor , helpless women .
Who is going to be held accountable for the violence they have suffered .
It is quite clear that we have never really cared about them , that we did not bother to educate them because our leaders were busy squandering our money on foreign trips and properties and their own men were too busy thinking about their own control over women .
They know today that nobody will ever protect them unless they see the glint of the dollar on the unfortunate horizon of Pakistan .
Their questions can only be answered by those who know what they have done .
And if they do not answer them in this world , they will for sure answer them in the next .
http://khyberwatch.com/nandara/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=728&Itemid=1
During intercourse , the female orgasm can be elusive .
What frustrated woman has n’t wondered :
Am I simply , um , put together differently than other women ?
Kim Wallen , professor of psychology and behavioral neuroendocrinology at Emory University , is busy doing the math to find out .
And , yes , he says , simple physiology may have a lot to do with orgasm ease -- specifically , how far a woman ’s clitoris lies from her vagina .
That number might predict how easily a woman can experience orgasms from penile stimulation alone -- without help from fingers , toys or tongue -- during sexual intercourse .
In fact , there ’s even an easy “ rule of thumb , ” Wallen says : Clitoris - vagina distances less than 2.5 cm -- that ’s roughly from the tip of your thumb to your first knuckle -- tend to yield reliable orgasms during sex .
More than a thumb ’s length ?
Regular intercourse alone typically might not do the trick .
Wallen is not the first to check into this “ C - V distance . ”
In the 1920s , Princess Marie Bonaparte , a French psychoanalyst and close friend of Sigmund Freud , grew fed up with her own lack of orgasmic response .
In her professional practice , she saw plenty of patients with the same complaint ( “ frigidity , ” in the parlance of the day ) .
She blamed physiology , not psyche .
Bonaparte collected C- V and orgasm data from her patients and in 1924 delicately published her observations under a pseudonym .
( She also persuaded an Austrian surgeon to experiment on her , by cutting around her clitoris and stretching it closer to her vagina -- with disappointing results . )
Recently , Wallen dug up Bonaparte ’s measurements and analyzed them with modern statistical techniques .
Sure enough , he found a striking correlation .
Now he is hoping to do his own measurement study .
Preliminary work has revealed that only about 7 % of women always have orgasms with sex alone , he says , while 27 % say they never do .
The current research hold - up : developing a reliable , at - home technique for measuring C - V distance , especially one that can deal with stretchy skin .
Women with a large C - V distance should not be discouraged , Wallen says .
“ Personally , I do n’t think the inability to experience no -hands , penis - only intercourse with orgasm says anything about a happy sex life , ” he says .
“ Maybe it could allow couples to be a bit more inventive in how they have sex . ”
He acknowledges that the measure might become one more standard women feel they need to live up to , like breast size .
“ People would ask , ‘ Is your distance really small ? ’ ”
A silver mask that had belonged to a Roman cavalryman of imperial times .
It was found on the site of the battle of Teutoburg , fought in September 9 a.d .
This year , 2009 , marks the 2000th anniversary of the battle that led to the annihilation of three Roman legions and changed forever the history of Europe .
It was a tremendous shock for the Romans , who saw their mighty army destroyed by uncivilized barbarians .
It was not yet the peak of the Roman Empire , but it was a first hint that something was deeply wrong with it .
This is an abridged version of a 10,000 + word post which can be read on Oil Drum Europe .
We hope many will take the time to read the long version .
Hopefully , these excerpts will give the flavor of the full story .
-- Gail .
Ladies and gentlemen , first of all thank you for being here .
This afternoon I 'll try to say something about a subject that I am sure you are all interested in : the decline and the fall of the Roman Empire .
It is something that has been discussed over and over ; it is because we think that our civilization may follow the same destiny as the Roman one : decline and fall .
So , the Roman Empire offers us some kind of a model .
We can say it is the paradigm of collapsing societies .
And , yet , we do n't seem to be able to find an agreement on what caused the collapse of the Roman Empire .
The collapse seen from the inside .
But what does Namatianus think of all this ?
Well , he sees the collapse all around him , but he can't understand it .
For him , the reasons of the fall of Rome are totally incomprehensible .
He can only interpret what is going on as a temporary setback .
Rome had hard times before but the Romans always rebounded and eventually triumphed over their enemies .
It has always been like this , Rome will become powerful and rich again .
There would be much more to say on this matter , but I think it is enough to say that .
. . the Romans did not really understand what was happening to their Empire , except in terms of military setbacks that they always saw as temporary .
They always seemed to think that these setbacks could be redressed by increasing the size of the army and building more fortifications .
Also , it gives us an idea of what it is like living a collapse " from the inside " .
Most people just do n't see it happening -- it is like being a fish : you do n't see the water .
The situation seems to be the same with us : talking about the collapse of our civilization is reserved to a small bunch of catastrophists ; you know them ; ASPO members , or members of The Oil Drum - that kind of people .
Incidentally , we can't rule out that at some moment at the time of the Roman Empire there was something like a " Roman ASPO " , maybe " ASPE , " the " association for the study of peak empire " .
If it ever existed , it left no trace .
That may also happen with our ASPO ; actually it is very likely , but let 's go on .
What destroyed the Roman Empire ?
This is a transcription of an interview that Tainter gave in the film " Blind Spot " ( 2008 )
In ancient societies that I studied , for example the Roman Empire , the great problem that they faced was when they would have to incur very high costs just to maintain the status quo .
Invest very high amounts in solving problems that do n't yield a net positive return , but instead simply allowed them to maintain what they already got .
This decreases the net benefit of being a complex society .
Here is how Tainter describes his view in graphical form ; in his book .
So , you see that Tainter has one thing very clear : complexity gives a benefit , but it is also a cost .
This cost is related to energy , as he makes clear in his book .
And in emphasizing complexity , Tainter gives us a good definition of what we intend for collapse .
Very often people have been discussing the collapse of ancient societies without specifying what they meant for " collapse " .
For a while , there has been a school of thought that maintained that the Roman Empire had never really " collapsed " .
It had simply transformed itself into something else .
But if you take collapse defined as " a rapid reduction of complexity " then you have a good definition and that 's surely what happened to the Roman Empire .
Consider the story that Roman Empire collapse because the Romans used to drink wine in lead goblets ; and so they died of lead poisoning .
That has some truth : there is evidence of lead poisoning in ancient Roman skeletons ; there are descriptions of lead poisoning in ancient Roman texts .
Surely it was a problem , probably even a serious one .
But you can't see this story of lead poisoning in isolation ; otherwise you neglect everything else : the Roman Empire was not just people drinking wine in lead goblets .
Think of a historian of the future who describes the fall of the American Empire as the result of Americans eating hamburgers .
That would have some truth and for sure the kind of food that most Americans eat today is - well - we know that it is doing a lot of damage to the Americans in general .
But you would n't say that hamburgers can be the cause of the fall of the American Empire .
There is much more to that .
The same kind of reasoning holds for other " causes " that have been singled out for the fall of Rome .
Think , for instance , of climatic change .
Also here , there is evidence that the fall of the Roman Empire was accompanied by droughts .
That may surely have been a problem for the Romans .
But , again , we might fall in the same mistake of a future historian who might attribute the fall of the American Empire - say - to the hurricane Katrina .
( I have nothing special against the American Empire , it is just that it is the current empire )
The point that Tainter makes , quite correctly , in his book is that it is hard to see the fall of such a complex thing as an empire as due to a single cause .
A complex entity should fall in a complex manner , and I think it is correct .
Dynamic Models of Collapse
As we know , " The Limits to Growth " was not about the fall of the Roman Empire .
The authors tried to describe our contemporary world , but the model they used is very general and perhaps we can apply it also to the Roman Empire .
So , first of all , we need to understand how the model works .
Let me show you a simplified graphic representation of the model :
So , Myrtveit 's image shows us the major elements of the world model - the model of The Limits to Growth " - and their relationships .
You see population , agriculture , natural resources , pollution and capital· Five main elements of the model ; each one is rather intuitive to understand .
What is important is the feedback relationship that exists among these elements .
Perhaps the most important feedback loop is the one between capital and natural resources .
Here is how the authors of " The Limits to Growth " have described this relationship :
The industrial capital stock grows to a level that requires an enormous input of resources .
In the very process of that growth it depletes a large fraction of the resources available .
As resource prices rise and mines are depleted , more and more capital must be used for obtaining resources , leaving less to be invested for future growth .
Finally investment cannot keep up with depreciation , and the industrial base collapses , taking with it the service and agricultural systems , which have become dependent on industrial inputs .
People are very good at optimizing exploitation .
The problem is that they exaggerate and take out of the system more than what the system can replace .
And that is the reason of the curve .
First you go up because you are so good at exploiting the resource ; then you go down because you have exploited it too much .
In the middle , there has to be a peak -- it is " peak - resource " .
In the case of crude oil , people speak of " peak oil " .
In the case of a whole civilization , we may speak of " peak civilization " .
And , as we said before , peak civilization also corresponds to " peak complexity " , in the sense that Tainter described .
The dynamic fall of the Roman Empire
Now we know that we should expect to see these bell curves in the behavior of a complex civilization or an empire .
So , we can try to give a look to the Roman Empire in this perspective and see if it agrees with an interpretation based on system dynamics .
So , first of all , let me propose a simplified model based on the same scheme that Magne Myrtveit proposed for our world as described in " The Limits to Growth " .
We know that the Roman Empire was based mainly on two kinds of resources : military and agricultural .
I put the image of a legionnaire for " capital resources " because legions can be seen as the capital of the Roman Empire ; military capital .
This capital , legions , would be built on a natural resource that was mainly gold .
The legions did n't mine gold , they took it from the people who had mined it ( or had stolen it from somebody else ) .
This feedback between military capital and gold is a point that is very well described by Tainter in his book .
You can read how military adventures played a fundamental role in the growth of the empire , and earlier on of the Roman Republic .
There was a clear case of positive feedback .
The Empire would defeat a nearby kingdom , rob it of gold and take part of the population as slaves .
Gold could be used to pay for more legions and go on conquering more lands .
Positive feedback : the more legions you have , the more gold you can rob ; the more gold you have , the more legions you can create .
And so on ...
Then , there was agriculture .
Surely it was an important economic activity of the Roman Empire , as you can read , again , in Tainter 's book .
Agriculture is also subjected to positive and negative feedbacks as you can see in the scheme .
With good agriculture , the population increases .
With more population , you can have more farmers .
In the case of the Roman Empire , as population grows , you can have also more legions which will bring back home slaves which can be put to work in the fields .
But agriculture has also a negative feedback , and that is erosion .
You can see erosion in the scheme listed as " pollution " .
It affects agriculture negatively .
It reduces population and sets everything backwards : negative feedback , again .
The more you try to force agriculture to support a large populations ( including the legions ) the more strain you put on the fertile soil .
Fertile soil is a non renewable resource ; it takes centuries to reform the fertile soil , after that it has been lost .
So , erosion destroys agriculture , population falls , you have a smaller number of legions and , in the end , you are invaded by barbarians .
This is another negative feedback loop that is related to the fall of the Roman Empire .
First of all , if the decline and fall of the Roman Empire has been a case of overexploitation of resources , we should expect to see bell curves for industrial and agricultural production , for population , and for other parameters .
As I said , the historical data are scant , but we have archaeological data .
So , let me show a plot that summarizes several industrial and agricultural indicators , together with a graph that shows how the extension of the Empire varied in time .
It is taken from In search of Roman economic growth , di W. Scheidel , 2007 " The other graph is taken from Tainter 's book .
Especially the upper graph is impressive .
There has been a " peak - empire " , at least in terms of production and agriculture , somewhere around mid 1st century .
Afterward , there was a clear decline - it was not just a political change .
It was also a real reduction in complexity as Tainter defines collapse .
The Roman Empire really collapsed in mid 3rd century .
It had a sort of " Hubbert peak " at that time .
The other parameter shown in the figure , the extension of the empire , also shows an approximately bell shaped curve .
The Empire continued to exist as a political entity even after it had been reduced to an empty shell in economic terms .
If we think that the extension of the empire is proportional to the " capital " accumulated , then this relationship makes sense if we think of the dynamic model that we saw before .
Capital , as we saw , should peak after production .
This is a bit stretched as an interpretation , I admit .
But at least we see also here a bell shaped curve .
Military expenses were not the only cause of the fall .
With erosion gnawing at agricultural yields and mine productivity going down , we should not be surprised if the empire collapsed .
It simply could n't do otherwise .
So , you see that the collapse of the Roman Empire was a complex phenomenon where different negative factors reinforced each other .
It was a cascade of negative feedbacks , not a single one , that brought down the empire .
And this shows how closely related to the Romans we are .
Surely there are differences : our society is more of a mining society and less of a military based society .
We do n't use slaves but , rather , machines .
We also have plenty of gadgets that the Romans did n't have .
But , in the end , the interactions of the various elements of our economy are not that much different .
What brought down the Romans , and eventually will bring us down , is the overexploitation of the resources .
If the Romans could have found a way to use their resources , agriculture for instance , in ways that did n't destroy them , erosion in this case , their society could have lasted for a longer time .
But they never found an equilibrium point - they went down always using a bit too much of what they had .
Avoiding Collapse
So , our Druid had seen the future and was describing it to Emperor Aurelius .
He had seen the solution of the problems of Empire : Middle Ages .
It was where the Empire was going and where it could not avoid going .
What the Druid was proposing was to go there in a controlled way .
Ease the transition , do n't fight it !
If you know where you are going , you can travel in style and comfort .
If you do n't , well , it will be a rough ride .
We may imagine a hypothetical " driven transition " in which the government of the Roman Empire at the time of Marcus Aurelius would have done exactly that : abandon the walls , reduce the number of legions and transform them into city militias , reduce bureaucracy and Imperial expenses , delocalize authority , reduce the strain on agriculture : reforest the land .
The transition would not have been traumatic and would have involved a lower loss of complexity : books , skills , works of art and much more could have been saved and passed to future generations .
All that is , of course , pure fantasy .
Even for a Roman Emperor , disbanding the legions could n't be easy .
After all , the name " Emperor " comes from the Latin word " imperator " that simply means " commander " .
The Roman Emperor was a military commander and the way to be Emperor was to please the legions that the Emperor commanded .
A Roman Emperor who threatened to disband the legions would n't have been very popular and , most likely , he was to be a short lived Emperor .
So , Emperors could n't have done much even if they had understood system dynamics .
In practice , they spent most of their time trying to reinforce the army by having as many legions as they could .
Emperors , and the whole Roman world , fought as hard as they could to keep the status quo ante , to keep things as they had always been .
After the 3rd century crisis , Emperor Diocletian resurrected the Empire transforming it into something that reminds us of the Soviet Union at the time of Breznev .
An oppressive dictatorship that included a suffocating bureaucracy , heavy taxes for the citizens , and a heavy military apparatus .
It was such a burden for the Empire that it destroyed it utterly in little more than a century .
Our Druids may be better than those of the times of the Roman Empire , at least they have digital computers .
But our leaders are no better apt at understanding complex system than the military commanders who ruled the Roman Empire .
Even our leaders were better , they would face the same problems : there are no structures that can gently lead society to where it is going .
We have only structures that are there to keep society where it is - no matter how difficult and uncomfortable it is to be there .
It is exactly what Tainter says : we react to problems by building structure that are more and more complex and that , in the end , produce a negative return .
That 's why societies collapse .
So , all our efforts are to keep the status quo ante .
For this reason we are so desperately looking for something that can replace crude oil and leave everything else the same .
It has to be something that is liquid , that burns and , if possible , even smells bad .
Drill more , drill deeper , boil tar sands , make biofuels even if people will starve .
We do everything we can to keep things as they are .
And , yet , we are going where the laws of physics are taking us .
A world with less crude oil , or with no crude oil at all , cannot be the same world we are used to , but it does n't need to be the Middle Ages again .
If we manage to deploy new sources of energy , renewable or nuclear - fast enough to replace crude oil and the other fossil fuels , we can imagine that the transition would not involve a big loss of complexity , perhaps none at all .
More likely , a reduced flux of energy and natural resources in the economic system will entail the kind of collapse described in the simulations of " The Limits to Growth . "
We can't avoid going where the laws of physics are taking us .
Conclusion : Showdown at Teutoburg
Two thousand years ago , three Roman legions were annihilated in the woods of Teutoburg by a coalition of tribes of the region that the Romans called " Germania " .
Today , after so many years , the woods of the region are quiet and peaceful places , as you can see in this picture :
Civilizations and empires , in the end , are just ripples in the ocean of time .
They come and go , leaving little except carved stones proclaiming their eternal greatness .
But , from the human viewpoint , Empires are vast and long standing and , for some of us , worth fighting for or against .
But those who fought in Teutoburg could n't change the course of history , nor can we .
All that we can say - today as at the time of the battle of Teutoburg - is that we are going towards a future world that we can only dimly perceive .
If we could see clearly where we are going , maybe we would n't like to go there ; but we are going anyway .
In the end , perhaps it was Emperor Marcus Aurelius who had seen the future most clearly and understood that it is not for us to change it .
Nature which governs the whole will soon change all things which thou seest , and out of their substance will make other things , and again other things from the substance of them , in order that the world may be ever new .
Marcus Aurelius Verus - " Meditations " ca. 167 A.D .
The full post can be found here : " Peak Civilization " : The Fall of the Roman Empire .
African leaders have approved a contentious decision to denounce the International Criminal Court and refuse to extradite Sudan 's President Omar al - Bashir .
The final decision by the African Union heads of state summit says AU members " shall not cooperate ... in the arrest and transfer of the President of Sudan to the ICC . "
( AP )
Brands live .
They speak to people and they do it in so many different ways , some aloud , some silently .
Every contact with a brand is communication , a chance to excel or to fail .
Great brands are brilliant at communication .
World class brands are n’t created by accident .
To make people want them as part of their lives , they need to look great , feel great , work great and be great .
They need integrity and consistency .
They need to understand and be understood .
Once you know where you want to get to , you need to work out how to get there .
Sadly , there ’s no satnav for business and you ’re probably competing with other brands trying to get to the same place .
An incisive strategy is key .
What do customers really think ?
What are competitors doing better than you are ?
How could you sharpen your brand to cut through and drive the bottom line ?
Skilful research can answer these questions , save time and money .
The Dent Consultancy is a branding consultancy that specialises in sharpening brands to cut through increasingly cluttered marketplaces and win share of mind , share of screen and share of wallet .
If you are after a cutting edge , why not call us on 01525 221016 ?
Variants and Patches
Several other Valgrind tools have been created .
Some of these can plug directly into an existing Valgrind installation , but some require downloading a whole Valgrind distribution which contains a specially modified core .
Please note that some of these are experimental , and may not work 100 % .
Nick Nethercote has built several experimental tools : a Bounds Checker , a Signal - Handler Checker , and a Data Flow Tracer .
He also has an experimental Valgrind distribution that has an interactive command line .
Jeremy Fitzhardinge has several patches , mostly to do with threading .
His patches are regularly merged with the CVS head ; this set represents the currently unmerged patches .
Robert Walsh has some useful patches : one adds watchpoints on memory locations , the other adds support for pool - based allocators ( which has been merged into Valgrind proper ) .
Adam Gundy < arg at cyberscience com > supplied a variant of the 20031012 stable release that is capable of running Wine on Valgrind .
A big thanks to him .
Wine : valgrind 20031012 - wine ( tar.bz2 ) [ 697 Kb ] - Oct 12 2003
md5 : ebe1641b4873ec30dd013b6b618f5f90
This is a variant of the 20031012 stable release .
It makes it possible to run Wine on Valgrind , and so to debug Windows applications with Valgrind .
See README_WINE_FOLKS in the tarball for details .
Note : only use this - wine variant if you want to valgrindify Wine and apps running on it .
For " normal " Linux applications , use the standard valgrind version .
Valgrind 20031012 - wine should be used with a recent CVS version of Wine .
Provided you have the PDB files for executables and DLLs , valgrind will give stack traces for MSVC compiled code .
Multi - threaded programs are fully supported .
Leak checking does not work at the moment .
Vince Weaver has written three tools : a cache tool trace generator , a SimPoint data generator ( which has been merged into the Valgrind distribution as the BBV tool as part of release 3.5.0 ) , and a TAXI - compatible stream generator ( TAXI decodes pre-decoded x86 instruction streams into PISA uops and runs through a modified version of the PISA SimpleScalar ) .
Michael Meeks has written Iogrind , a prototype I/O profiling tool .
Konstantin Serebryany and Timur Iskhodzhanov have written ThreadSanitizer , a data race detector .
It has some similarities to Helgrind and DRD but also some differences .
City accountancy firms are putting proposals to investment banks that would see high - earning bankers avoid the full impact of the new top rate of income tax on their bonuses .
The accountants Grant Thornton are believed to have contacted clients offering ways of cutting employees ' tax contributions by as much as 40 per cent .
There are other accountancy firms offering similar services and the fact that the service is being touted in a year that will see some bankers receive huge payments after a busy few months in the City is likely to cause consternation at the Treasury .
It comes in the week that Alistair Darling will publish his White Paper on banking reform , much of which is expected to concentrate on the way bankers ' bonuses are paid .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The Chancellor said in an interview with The Independent last week that many bankers needed to be " brought back down to Earth " .
He followed that comment over the weekend by saying that " we need to learn lessons from the financial crisis in which banks behaved in a kamikaze manner and the regulatory system failed .
" Far too many people in boardrooms did not know , nor understand what was happening in their institutions . "
The remarks come ahead of Wednesday 's White Paper when the Government is likely to call for greater curbs on excessive City pay , and adopt the recommendations of Lord Turner , the chairman of the Financial Services Authority ( FSA ) , who has said that banks ' pay policy should be subject to regulatory risk assessments .
There has been disquiet in the City , and many think that the Government is now attacking the banking industry for political capital .
Many believe the process started with the introduction of the 50 p upper rate of income tax to be paid on salaries in excess of £ 150,000 from next April .
Grant Thornton 's proposals come as a number of banks and other City firms are preparing to return to paying huge bonuses on the back of a surge in business .
As corporate clients have sought to shore - up balance sheets in the wake of the recession , the banks have cashed in .
Many are also trying to tie customers into paying more fees by agreeing to refinance debt or confirm credit lines on the condition that the banks act as advisers for any lucrative merger and acquisition deals that follow in the future .
Bankers are typically paid a basic salary and in the past earned huge amounts of money taking a cut from the fees the banks earn for advising on and underwriting new deals .
Goldman Sachs , which has now repaid the money it borrowed under the US government Tarp support scheme for the American financial services industry , is reported to be prepared to set aside as much as $ 20 bn to pay staff .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
The Treasury said yesterday that along withHerMajesty ’s Revenue and Customs ( HMRC ) , it is cracking down on any tax avoidance schemes .
Last week the Government published its banking Code of Conduct , with Stephen Timms , the Financial Secretary , warning it would not tolerate the emergence of tax avoidance schemes .
“ While banks play a vital role in the UK and are important contributors of tax , it is clear that many continue to be involved in tax avoidance that goes well beyond reasonable tax planning .
The code is part of the work to minimise tax avoidance and ensure that large businesses such as banks have a clear understanding of the behaviours the tax authorities expect from them , ” he said .
“ As part of the consultation we will be talking directly with banks to develop a shared understanding of the principles that underpin the code and , in particular , what it will mean in practice for banks .
This is vital to ensuring that the code plays a part in changing the behaviour of banks and in turn minimising the loss to taxpayers through tax avoidance . ”
Francesca Lagerberg , the head of tax at Grant Thornton , yesterday said she was unaware of the source of the 40 per cent saving claim and added that the firm was not seeking to engineer tax avoidance schemes .
“ These proposals , from us and all the other accountancy firms , are not the aggressive schemes that were sometimes employed a few years ago .
There is no tax structure in place that will help bankers avoid the top rate of the income tax and other charges , ” she said .
“ We are offering bespoke solutions to companies that want to incentivise employees .
It often involves government - sponsored schemes such as salary sacrifice practices .
The last thing our clients want to spark is an investigation by HMRC into clients ’ remuneration polices . ”
A spokesman for BDO Stoy Hayward , another accountancy group , confirmed that the firm was also offering similar services to banks but also stressed that it was not trying to engineer tax avoidance schemes .
Only Men Aloud ! are among those singing Wales ' praises at the festival
Welsh heritage and culture is to headline at one of America 's top arts festivals this summer .
Wales is the featured nation in the 10 - day Smithsonian Folklife Festival in Washington DC from 24 June .
More than 100 firms , artists and experts are to showcase contemporary Welsh culture , industry and traditions .
under the theme of sustainability .
The Smithsonian , known in the US as the " nation 's attic " , is a research centre for the arts , sciences and history .
The annual Smithsonian festival is held on the National Mall , the scene of President Obama 's inauguration in snowy January this year .
But in the hot summer months , the stretch of land between the Smithsonian 's two museums hosts an annual open - air cultural festival that is visited by thousands of people .
The 2009 event is to focus on Wales and Welsh heritage .
First Minister Rhodri Morgan launched Wales ' programme at the event in March .
The folklife festival is held at the National Mall in Washington DC
It includes a week of workshops , readings and debate by five young Welsh writers , billed as following in the footsteps of poet Dylan Thomas half a century earlier .
The writers - Tom Anderson , Catrin Dafydd , Fflur Dafydd , Eurig Salisbury and Owen Sheers - will perform and discuss their work at venues including Marymount University Campus Cafe and the Writers ' Center in Bethesda .
The woodland charity Coed Cymru has been invited to show a design for its affordable housing project , Ty Unnos , inspired by the ancient Welsh tradition .
Historically , a tŷ unnos was a Welsh tradition based on the belief that if people could erect a property with four walls between sunset and sunrise and have smoke coming from a chimney by the morning , they could take ownership of that land .
Cardiff - based choir Only Men Aloud !
are among a musical contingent that includes harpists Siân James and Robin Huw Bowen , Radio Wales ' presenter Frank Hennessy and his band , The Hennessys , and a delegation from Welsh National Opera .
Poet Dylan
Thomas gave readings tours across America in the 1950s Traditional Welsh skills represented included a coracle maker , a blacksmith , a mussel farmer and a stone waller .
The National Slate Museum in Llanberis has been given two tonnes of slate by the owners of Penrhyn Quarry , in Bethesda and the Ffestiniog Slate Quarry in Blaenau Ffestiniog , to take over to the festival .
Quarryman Dafydd Davies will be demonstrating the craft of splitting and dressing slate while letter cutter John Neilson will be carving in slate a poem by Wales ' National Poet , Gillian Clark .
The Wales showcase will be located in an area equivalent to four football pitches and split into themed areas .
The themes are : Wales in the World ; Language and Literature ; Industry , Heritage and Innovation ; Building and Landscapes ; Ecotourism and Pastimes ; Home and Community ; Along the Water ; and Music and Dance .
Rugby posts
There will also be a ' pub ' stage and a main stage designed to represent urban and rural environments , including rugby posts .
Speaking at the launch of the Wales programme , Rhodri Morgan said : " This is a unique and fantastic opportunity to promote Wales in Washington at a time when the American people are taking a new path , with a new president .
" What better way could there be to see the deep - rooted and vibrant culture and creativity of Wales than this showcase right in the heart of the capital of the United States . "
The Smithsonian Institution bills itself as the world 's largest museum complex and research organisation , composed of 19 museums , 9 research centres , and the National Zoo .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
All contact with Chandrayaan - 1 was lost early on Saturday
All communication links with the only Indian satellite orbiting the Moon have been lost , India 's space agency says .
Radio contact with the Chandrayaan - 1 spacecraft was lost abruptly early on Saturday , said India 's Bangalore - based Space Research Organization ( Isro ) .
The unmanned craft was launched last October in what was billed as a two - year mission of exploration .
The launch was regarded as a major step for India as it seeks to keep pace with other space - faring nations in Asia .
Following its launch from the southern state of Andhra Pradesh , it was hoped the robotic probe would orbit the Moon , compile a 3 - D atlas of the lunar surface and map the distribution of elements and minerals .
Useful mission ?
Last month the satellite experienced a technical problem when a sensor malfunctioned .
CHANDRAYAAN 1 1 - Chandrayaan Energetic Neutral Analyzer ( CENA ) 2 - Moon Impact Probe ( MIP ) 3 - Radiation Dose Monitor ( RADOM ) 4 - Terrain Mapping Camera ( TMC ) 5 - Moon Mineralogy Mapper ( M3 ) 6 - Chandrayaan 1 X-ray Spectrometer ( C1XS ) 7 - Solar Panel
India sets its sights on the Moon In Pictures : India Moon mission
An Isro spokesman said at the time that useful information had already been gathered from pictures beamed to Earth from the probe , although the picture quality had been affected by the malfunction .
Powered by a single solar panel generating about 700 watts , the Isro probe carries five Indian - built instruments and six constructed in other countries , including the US , Britain and Germany .
The mission was expected to cost 3.8 bn rupees ( £ 45 m ; $ 78 m ) , considerably less than Japanese and Chinese probes sent to the Moon last year .
But the Indian government 's space efforts have not been welcomed by all .
Some critics regard the space programme as a waste of resources in a country where millions still lack basic services .
It was a little after 8 pm when the water started flowing through the pipe running beneath the dirt streets of Bhopal 's Sanjay Nagar slum .
After days without a drop of water , the Malviya family were the first to reach the hole they had drilled in the pipe , filling what containers they had as quickly as they could .
Within minutes , three of them were dead , hacked to death by angry neighbours who accused them of stealing water .
In Bhopal , and across much of northern India , a late monsoon and the driest June for 83 years are exacerbating the effects of a widespread drought and setting neighbour against neighbour in a desperate fight for survival .
India 's vast farming economy is on the verge of crisis .
The lack of rain has hit northern areas most , but even in Mumbai , which has experienced heavy rainfall and flooding , authorities were forced to cut the water supply by 30 % last week as levels in the lakes serving the city ran perilously low .
Across the country , from Gujarat to Hyderabad , in Andhra Pradesh , the state that claims to be " the rice bowl of India " , special prayers have been held for more rain after cumulative monsoon season figures fell 43 % below average .
On Friday , India 's agriculture minister , Sharad Pawar , said the country was facing a drought - like situation that was a " matter for concern " , with serious problems developing in states such as Punjab , Uttar Pradesh and Bihar .
In Bhopal , which bills itself as the City of Lakes , patience is already at breaking point .
The largest lake , the 1,000 - year - old , man-made Upper Lake , had reduced in size from 38 sq km to 5 sq km by the start of last week .
The population of 1.8 million has been rationed to 30 minutes of water supply every other day since October .
That became one day in three as the monsoon failed to materialise .
In nearby Indore the ration is half an hour 's supply every seven days .
The UN has warned for many years that water shortages will become one of the most pressing problems on the planet over the coming decades , with one report estimating that four billion people will be affected by 2050 .
What is happening in India , which has too many people in places where there is not enough water , is a foretaste of what is to come .
In Bhopal , where 100,000 people rely solely on the water tankers that shuttle across the city , fights break out regularly .
In the Pushpa Nagar slum , the arrival of the first tanker for two days prompted a frantic scramble , with men jostling women and children in their determination to get to the precious liquid first .
Young men scrambled on to the back of the tanker , jamming green plastic pipes through the hole on the top , passing them down to their wives or mothers waiting on the ground to siphon the water off into whatever they had managed to find : old cooking oil containers were popular , but even paint pots were pressed into service .
A few children crawled beneath the tanker in the hope of catching the spillage .
In the Durga Dham slum , where the tanker stops about 100 metres away from a giant water tower built to provide a supply for a more upmarket area nearby , Chand Miya , the local committee chairman , watched a similar scene .
There was not enough water to go around , he said .
" In the last six years it has been raining much less .
The population has increased , but the water supply is the same . "
Every family needed 100 litres a day for drinking , cooking and washing , he said , and people had no idea when the tanker would come again .
Not everyone gets a tanker delivery .
The city has 380 registered slums , but there are numerous other shanties where people have to find their own methods .
Some , like the Malviyas , tap into the main supply .
Others cluster around the ventilation valves for the main pipelines that stick up out of the ground from place to place , trying to catch the small amounts of water leaking out .
In the Balveer Nagar slum , 250 families have no supply at all .
The women get up in the middle of the night to walk 2 km to the nearest pumping station , where someone has removed a couple of bricks from the base to allow a steady flow of water to pour out .
A few communities have received help from non-governmental organisations .
In the Arjun Nagar slum , a borewell has been drilled down 115 metres by Water Aid to provide water for 100 families , each paying 40 rupees ( 50 p ) a month .
Until the well was drilled , Shaheen Anjum , a mother of four , got up at 2.30 am each day to fetch water , wheeling a bike with five or six containers strapped to it to the nearest public pipe in the hope of beating the queues .
" Often we would get there and the water would not be running , " she said .
" It was so tiring : the children were suffering and getting ill because they had to come too .
The tankers used to come , but there were so many fights that the driver used to run away . "
Water
Aid is working in 17 of the city 's 380 registered slums , providing water and sanitation .
" It 's not just Bhopal .
This has been a drought year for many districts , " said Suresh Chandra Jaiswal , the technical officer .
" Now it has reached a critical stage .
We just do n't know any more how long the water will last . "
Fifty years ago , Bhopal had a population of 100,000 ; today it is 1.8 million and rising .
In a good year the city might get more than a metre of rain between July and September , but last year the figure was only 700 mm .
Neighbours of the Malviyas cluster around the hole in the street outside the house where Jeevan Malviya lived with his wife , Gyarasi , their son , Raju , 18 , and their four other children .
It was the evening of 13 May , said Sunita Bai , a female relative : a local man , Dinu , thought that the family had blocked the pipe to stop the water flowing further down the hill .
He and a group of friends slapped Gyarasi , 35 ; Raju tried to stop him .
Someone produced a sword and , a few minutes later , the Malviyas lay dying .
" We were too afraid to do anything , " said a woman who gave her name as Shanno .
" Dinu did n't want them to take any water .
He wanted it for himself . "
Everyone stood around , looking down at the hole in the ground .
The pipe is dry .
" It is a terrible thing , that people should be fighting over water , " said Shanno .
In recent years , the motivations of business leaders such as financier Bernard Madoff and former Enron CEO Ken Lay have come under increased scrutiny as a result of behavior that caused both their employees and the public considerable distress .
Unquestionably , many of the documented lapses in judgment can be traced to selfishness and a failure to check one 's ego .
To better establish the level of self - serving behavior , a recent study was conducted to examine the narcissistic tendencies of bosses in American organizations .
Wayne Hochwarter , the Jim Moran Professor of Management in the Florida State University College of Business , asked more than 1,200 employees to provide opinions regarding the narcissistic tendencies of their immediate supervisor .
Their responses :
31 percent reported that their boss is prone to exaggerate his or her accomplishments to look good in front of others ;
27 percent reported that their boss brags to others to get praise ;
25 percent reported that their boss had an inflated view of himself or herself ;
24 percent reported that their boss was self - centered ; and
20 percent reported that their boss will do a favor only if guaranteed one in return .
" Having a narcissistic boss creates a toxic environment for virtually everyone who must come in contact with this individual , " Hochwarter said .
" The team perspective ceases to exist , and the work environment becomes increasingly stressful .
Productivity typically plummets as well . "
Research supports these adverse effects , Hochwarter said .
For example , those who reported working for a narcissistic boss had lower levels of job satisfaction , saw their stress levels increase over the previous year , were less appreciative of their work and organization , reported lower levels of effort and performance , and were more prone to sadness and frustration at work .
" Most organizations simply do not consider the adverse effects of narcissistic bosses on worker productivity and stress , " Hochwarter said .
" In fact , many companies encourage it since narcissists are often seen as outgoing and confident -- traits considered necessary for success in any managerial role .
However , there is a fine line between self - confidence on the one hand and selfishness that negatively affects others on the other .
Unfortunately , the needed adjustments simply do not take place in most organizations , for any number of reasons . "
Source : Florida State University ( news : web )
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
THE INTERNET CAFÉ in the Fijian capital , Suva , was usually open all night long .
Dimly lit , with rows of sleek , modern terminals , the place was packed at all hours with teenage boys playing boisterous rounds of video games .
But one day soon after I arrived , the staff told me they now had to shut down by 5 p.m .
Police orders , they shrugged :
The country ’s military junta had declared martial law a few days before , and things were a bit tense .
I sat down and sent out a few emails — filling friends in on my visit to the Fiji Water bottling plant , forwarding a story about foreign journalists being kicked off the island .
Then my connection died .
“ It will just be a few minutes , ” one of the clerks said .
Moments later , a pair of police officers walked in .
They headed for a woman at another terminal ; I turned to my screen to compose a note about how cops were even showing up in the Internet cafés .
Then I saw them coming toward me .
“ We ’re going to take you in for questioning about the emails you ’ve been writing , ” they said .
What followed , in a windowless room at the main police station , felt like a bad cop movie .
“ Who are you really ? ” the bespectacled inspector wearing a khaki uniform and a smug grin asked me over and over , as if my passport , press credentials , and stacks of notes about Fiji Water were n’t sufficient clues to my identity .
( My iPod , he surmised tensely , was “ good for transmitting information . ” )
I asked him to call my editors , even a UN official who could vouch for me .
“ Shut up ! ” he snapped .
He rifled through my bags , read my notebooks and emails .
“ I ’d hate to see a young lady like you go into a jail full of men , ” he averred , smiling grimly .
“ You know what happened to women during the 2000 coup , do n’t you ? ”
Eventually , it dawned on me that his concern was n’t just with my potentially seditious emails ; he was worried that my reporting would taint the Fiji Water brand .
“ Who do you work for , another water company ?
It would be good to come here and try to take away Fiji Water ’s business , would n’t it ? ”
Then he switched tacks and offered to protect me — from other Fijian officials , who he said would soon be after me — by letting me go so I could leave the country .
I walked out into the muggy morning , hid in a stairwell , and called a Fijian friend .
Within minutes , a US Embassy van was speeding toward me on the seawall .
Until that day , I had n’t fully appreciated the paranoia of Fiji ’s military regime .
The junta had been declared unconstitutional the previous week by the country ’s second highest court ; in response it had abolished the judiciary , banned unauthorized public gatherings , delayed elections until 2014 , and clamped down on the media .
( Only the “ journalism of hope ” is now permitted . )
The prime minister , Commodore Frank Bainimarama , promised to root out corruption and bring democracy to a country that has seen four coups in the past 25 years ; the government said it will start working on a new constitution in 2012 .
The slogan on Fiji Water ’s website — ” And remember this — we saved you a trip to Fiji ” — suddenly felt like a dark joke .
Every day , more soldiers showed up on the streets .
When I called the courthouse , not a single official would give me his name .
Even tour guides were running scared — one told me that one of his colleagues had been picked up and beaten for talking politics with tourists .
When I later asked Fiji Water spokesman Rob Six what the company thought of all this , he said the policy was not to comment on the government “ unless something really affects us . ”
The Audacity of Branding
Seizing on the bottles ’ ubiquity , Tourism Fiji has taken to circulating a photo of President Obama at an event featuring Fiji Water .
If you drink bottled water , you ’ve probably drunk Fiji .
Or wanted to .
Even though it ’s shipped from the opposite end of the globe , even though it retails for nearly three times as much as your basic supermarket water , Fiji is now America ’s leading imported water , beating out Evian .
It has spent millions pushing not only the seemingly life - changing properties of the product itself , but also the company ’s green cred and its charity work .
Put all that together in an iconic bottle emblazoned with a cheerful hibiscus , and everybody , from the Obamas to Paris and Nicole to Diddy and Kimora , is seen sipping Fiji .
That ’s by design .
Ever since a Canadian mining and real estate mogul named David Gilmour launched Fiji Water in 1995 , the company has positioned itself squarely at the nexus of pop-culture glamour and progressive politics .
Fiji Water ’s chief marketing whiz and co-owner ( with her husband , Stewart ) is Lynda Resnick , a well - known liberal donor who casually name - drops her friends Arianna Huffington and Laurie David .
( “ Of course I know everyone in the world , ” Resnick told the UK ’s Observer in 2005 , “ every mogul , every movie star . ” )
Manhattan ’s trendy Carlyle hotel pours only Fiji Water in its dog bowls , and this year ’s SXSW music festival featured a Fiji Water Detox Spa .
“ Each piece of lobster sashimi , ” celebrity chef Nobu Matsuhisa declared in 2007 , “ should be dipped into Fiji Water seven to ten times . ”
Drinking Buds
Fiji Water owner Lynda Resnick , pictured with Arianna Huffington , has aimed her brand squarely at the nexus of glamour and green .
And even as bottled water has come under attack as the embodiment of waste , Fiji seems immune .
Fiji
Water took out a full - page ad in Vanity Fair ‘s 2007 green issue , nestled among stories about the death of the world ’s water .
Two bottles sat on a table between Al Gore and Mos Def during a 2006 MySpace “ Artist on Artist ” discussion on climate change .
Fiji was what panelists sipped at the “ Life After Capitalism ” conference held in New York City during the 2004 RNC protests ;
Fiji reps were even credentialed at last year ’s Democratic convention , where they handed out tens of thousands of bottles .
Nowhere in Fiji Water ’s glossy marketing materials will you find reference to the typhoid outbreaks that plague Fijians because of the island ’s faulty water supplies ; the corporate entities that Fiji Water has — despite the owners ’ talk of financial transparency — set up in tax havens like the Cayman Islands and Luxembourg ; or the fact that its signature bottle is made from Chinese plastic in a diesel - fueled plant and hauled thousands of miles to its ecoconscious consumers .
And , of course , you wo n’t find mention of the military junta for which Fiji Water is a major source of global recognition and legitimacy .
( Gilmour has described the square bottles as “ little ambassadors ” for the poverty - stricken nation . )
“ We are Fiji , ” declare Fiji Water posters across the island , and the slogan is almost eerily accurate :
The reality of Fiji , the country , has been eclipsed by the glistening brand of Fiji , the water .
ON THE MAP , Fiji looks as if someone dropped a fistful of confetti on the ocean .
The country is made up of more than 300 islands ( 100 inhabited ) that have provided the setting for everything from The Blue Lagoon to Survivor to Cast Away .
Suva is a bustling multicultural hub with a mix of shopping centers , colonial buildings , and curry houses ; some 40 percent of the population is of Indian ancestry , descendants of indentured sugarcane workers brought in by the British in the mid-19th century .
( The Indian - descended and native communities have been wrangling for power ever since . )
The primary industries are tourism and sugar .
Fiji
Water says its operations make up about 20 percent of exports and 3 percent of GDP , which stands at $ 3,900 per capita .
Getting to the Fiji Water factory requires a bone - jarring four - hour trek into the volcanic foothills of the Yaqara Valley .
My bus ’ speakers blasted an earsplitting soundtrack of Fijian reggae , Bob Marley , Tupac , and Big Daddy Kane as we swerved up unpaved mountain roads linked by rickety wooden bridges .
Cow pastures ringed by palm trees gave way to villages of corrugated - metal shacks and wooden homes painted in Technicolor hues .
Chickens scurried past stands selling cell phone minutes .
Sugarcane stalks burning in the fields sent a sweet smoke curling into the air .
Our last rest stop , half an hour from the bottling plant , was Rakiraki , a small town with a square of dusty shops and a marketplace advertising “ Coffin Box for Sale — Cheapest in Town . ”
My Lonely Planet guide warned that Rakiraki water “ has been deemed unfit for human consumption , ” and groceries were stocked with Fiji Water going for 90 cents a pint — almost as much as it costs in the US .
Rakiraki has experienced the full range of Fiji ’s water problems — crumbling pipes , a lack of adequate wells , dysfunctional or flooded water treatment plants , and droughts that are expected to get worse with climate change .
Half the country has at times relied on emergency water supplies , with rations as low as four gallons a week per family ; dirty water has led to outbreaks of typhoid and parasitic infections .
Patients have reportedly had to cart their own water to hospitals , and schoolchildren complain about their pipes spewing shells , leaves , and frogs .
Some Fijians have taken to smashing open fire hydrants and bribing water truck drivers for a regular supply .
The bus dropped me off at a deserted intersection , where a weather - beaten sign warning off would - be trespassers in English , Fijian , and Hindi rattled in the tropical wind .
Once I reached the plant , the bucolic quiet gave way to the hum of machinery spitting out some 50,000 square bottles ( made on the spot with plastic imported from China ) per hour .
The production process spreads across two factory floors , blowing , filling , capping , labeling , and shrink - wrapping 24 hours a day , five days a week .
The company wo n’t disclose its total sales ; Fiji Water ’s vice president of corporate communications told me the estimate of 180 million bottles sold in 2006 , given in a legal declaration by his boss , was wrong , but declined to provide a more solid number .
From here , the bottles are shipped to the four corners of the globe ; the company — which , unlike most of its competitors , offers detailed carbon - footprint estimates on its website — insists that they travel on ships that would be making the trip anyway , and that the Fiji payload only causes them to use 2 percent more fuel .
In 2007 , Fiji Water announced that it planned to go carbon negative by offsetting 120 percent of emissions via conservation and energy projects starting in 2008 .
It has also promised to reduce its pre-offset carbon footprint by 25 percent next year and to use 50 percent renewable energy , in part by installing a windmill at the plant .
The offsetting effort has been the centerpiece of Fiji Water ’s $ 5 million “ Fiji Green ” marketing blitz , which brazenly urges consumers to drink imported water to fight climate change .
The Fiji Green website claims that because of the 120 - percent carbon offset , buying a big bottle of Fiji Water creates the same carbon reduction as walking five blocks instead of driving .
Former Senior VP of Sustainable Growth Thomas Mooney noted in a 2007 Huffington
Post blog post that “ we ’d be happy if anyone chose to drink nothing but Fiji Water as a means to keep the sea levels down . ”
( Metaphorically speaking , anyway :
As the online trade journal ClimateBiz has reported , Fiji is using a “ forward crediting ” model under which it takes credit now for carbon reductions that will actually happen over a few decades . )
Fiji Water has also vowed to use at least 20 percent less packaging by 2010 — which should n’t be too difficult , given its bottle ’s above - average heft .
( See “ Territorial Waters . ” )
The company says the square shape makes Fiji Water more efficient in transport , and , hey , it looks great : Back in 2000 , a top official told a trade magazine that “ What Fiji Water ’s done is go out there with a package that clearly looks like it ’s worth more money , and we ’ve gotten people to pay more for us . ”
Selling long - distance water to green consumers may be a contradiction in terms .
But that has n’t stopped Fiji from positioning its product not just as an indulgence , but as an outright necessity for an elite that can appreciate its purity .
As former Fiji Water CEO Doug Carlson once put it , “ If you like Velveeta cheese , processed water is okay for you . ”
( “ All waters are not created equal ” is another long - standing Fiji Water slogan . )
The company has gone aggressively after its main competitor — tap water — by calling it “ not a real or viable alternative ” that can contain “ 4,000 contaminants , ” unlike Fiji ’s “ living water . ”
“ You can no longer trust public or private water supplies , ” co-owner Lynda Resnick wrote in her book , Rubies in the Orchard .
A few years back , Fiji Water canned its waterfall logo and replaced it with a picture of palm fronds and hibiscus : “ Surface water ! ” Resnick wrote in Rubies .
“ Why would you want to suggest that Fiji came from surface water ?
The waterfall absolutely had to go . ”
One company newsletter featured the findings of a salt - crystal purveyor who claimed that Fiji Water rivals the “ known and significant abilities of ‘ Holy Healing Waters ’ in Lourdes , France or Fatima , Portugal . ”
Switching effortlessly from Catholic mysticism to sci-fi , he added that the water ’s “ electromagnetic field frequency enables Fiji Water to stimulate our human self - regulation system . ”
In keeping with this rarefied vibe , Fiji Water ’s marketing has focused on product placement more than standard advertising ; from appearances on The Sopranos , 24 , The View , and Desperate Housewives to sponsorship of events like the Emmy Awards , the Avon Walk for Breast Cancer , and Justin Timberlake ’s “ Summer Love ” tour , it ’s now “ hard to find an event where our target market is present and Fiji is n’t , ” according to Resnick .
As far back as 2001 , Movieline anointed it one of the “ Top 10 Things Young Hollywood Ca n’t Get Through the Day Without . ”
At the Academy Awards , E ! has handed out Fiji bottles to the stars ; as it happens , the complex where the Oscars is held was owned until 2004 by Fiji Water founder David Gilmour ’s real estate empire , Trizec ( which before its acquisition by Brookfield Properties in 2006 was one of the largest real estate companies in North America , with projects including everything from the Sears Tower to Enron HQ ) .
In a 2003 interview , Gilmour told the London Times that “ the world ’s water is being trashed day by day . ”
He would know : Before launching Fiji Water , he cofounded Barrick Gold , now the largest gold mining enterprise in the world , with operations in hot spots from Tanzania to Pakistan .
Its mines , often in parched places like Nevada and Western Australia , use billions of gallons of water to produce gold via a toxic cyanide leaching process .
Barrick ’s practices are so damaging that after an environmental review of the company , the Norwegian government announced last year that it would divest itself of some $ 200 million in Barrick stock .
Gilmour was a powerful presence in Fiji long before he got into the water business .
Back in 1969 , he launched what would become — with help from a couple of Saudi princes — the region ’s biggest hotel chain , the Southern Pacific Hotel Corporation , which built a massive resort complex in Fiji .
His investors and advisers have included everyone from notorious arms trader Adnan Khashoggi to George H.W. Bush ; in 2004 , Colin Powell presented him with the Secretary of State ’s Award for Corporate Excellence for his work in Fiji .
Gilmour ’s Fijian holdings include the exclusive Wakaya resort , which boasts six staffers to each guest and has hosted Bill Gates , Nicole Kidman , and Keith Richards ( who famously fell off a tree there ) ; he also owns Zinio , an electronic publishing company that produces the digital version of Mother Jones magazine .
He declined to be interviewed for this story .
In the early 1990s , Gilmour got wind of a study done by the Fijian government and aid organizations that indicated an enormous aquifer , estimated at more than 17 miles long , near the main island ’s north coast .
He obtained a 99 - year lease on land atop the aquifer , brought a former Fijian environment minister on board , and launched an international marketing blitz inviting consumers to sample water preserved since “ before the Industrial Revolution . ”
To this day , Fiji Water has nearly exclusive access to the aquifer ; the notoriously corrupt and chronically broke government has not been able to come up with the money or infrastructure to tap the water for its people .
BY THE TIME Gilmour put Fiji Water up for sale in 2004 , it was the fourth most popular imported bottled water in the United States .
He found eager buyers in the Resnicks , who made their fortune with the flower delivery service Teleflora and the collectibles company Franklin Mint .
The Beverly Hills - based couple are also agribusiness billionaires whose holdings include enough almond , pistachio , and pomegranate acreage to make them the biggest growers of those crops in the entire Western Hemisphere ; a 2004 report by the Environmental Working Group calculated that in 2002 alone , their agricultural water subsidies totaled more than $ 1.5 million .
They own a pesticide company , Suterra , and Lynda Resnick almost single - handedly created the pomegranate fad via their Pom Wonderful brand .
Fiji Water was n’t the Resnicks ’ first foray into the water industry : Years ago , they gained control of one of the largest underground water reservoirs in the nation , the Kern Water Bank on the edge of California ’s Central Valley .
This vast holding system — built with public funds in 1999 to help buffer the effects of droughts — stores water from California ’s aqueducts and the Kern River ; it ’s estimated to be worth more than $ 180 million on the open market and has allowed the Resnicks to double their acreage of fruits and nuts since 1994 , according to the Los Angeles Times .
With the profits from their enterprises , the Resnicks have been major players on the political scene , giving more than $ 300,000 each over the past decade .
They have supported mostly marquee Democrats — Obama , John Edwards , Hillary Clinton , Al Franken — though both also donated to the McCain campaign .
They give millions to museums , environmental organizations , and other charities : Lynda is a trustee of the Aspen Institute , and Stewart is on the board of Conservation International .
One of Britney Spears ’ recent meltdowns led to her stay at the Stewart and Lynda Resnick Neuropsychiatric Hospital at UCLA .
In June , the California Institute of Technology announced the creation of the Resnick Sustainability Institute after receiving a $ 20 million donation from the couple .
Fiji Water also gives to a range of conservation groups , including the Waterkeeper Alliance , Oceana , the Nature Conservancy , and Heal the Bay .
The charitable works Fiji Water brags about most often , however , are its efforts in Fiji itself — from preserving rainforests to helping fund water and sanitation projects to underwriting kindergartens .
This January , after catastrophic floods swept the main island of Viti Levu , the company also donated $ 500,000 to the military regime for flood relief , and gave another $ 450,000 to various projects last summer .
True , some of Fiji Water ’s good works are more hope than reality : Though Lynda Resnick insists that “ we only use biofuels , ” the Fiji plant runs on diesel generators , and a project to protect 50,000 acres of rainforest — plugged on the actual bottle label — has yet to obtain a lease .
Still , Resnick told New York ’s WNYC last year , “ We do so much for these sort of forgotten people .
They live in paradise , but they have a very , very hard life . ”
Fiji Water may be well advised to spread a bit of its wealth around locally .
During the 2000 coup , a small posse of villagers wielding spearguns and dynamite seized on the chaos to take over the bottling plant and threaten to burn it down .
“ The land is sacred and central to our continued existence and identity , ” a village spokesman told the Fiji Times , adding that “ no Fijian should live off the breadcrumbs of past colonial injustices . ”
Two years later , the company created the Vatukaloko Trust Fund , a charity targeting several villages surrounding its plant .
It wo n’t say how much it has given to the trust , but court proceedings indicate that it has agreed to donate .15 percent of its Fijian operation ’s net revenues ; a company official testified that the total was about $ 100,000 in 2007 .
( For perspective , the trade journal Brandweek put Fiji Water ’s marketing budget at $ 10 million in 2008 ; it recently dropped $ 250,000 to become a founding partner of the new Salt Lake City soccer stadium .
)
Perhaps mindful of the unpleasantness of 2000 , today Fiji Water executives refer constantly to the company ’s role in Fiji ’s economic life .
“ Our export revenue is paying for the expansion of water access at a pace that Fiji ’s government has never achieved , ” the company told the BBC in 2008 .
“ If we did …cease to exist , ” sustainability VP Mooney told U.S. News & World Report the same year , “ a big chunk of the economy would be gone , the schools that we built would go away , and the water access projects would go away . ”
What Mooney did n’t say is that though Fiji Water may fill a void in the impoverished nation , it also reaps a priceless benefit : tax - free status , granted when the company was founded in 1995 .
The rationale at the time , according to the company : Bottled water was a risky business with uncertain chances of success .
In 2003 , David Gilmour said that his ambition for Fiji Water was “ to become the biggest taxpayer in the country . ”
Yet the tax break , originally scheduled to expire in 2008 , remains in effect , and neither the company nor the government will say whether or when it might end .
And when Fiji has tried to wring a bit of extra revenue from the company , the response has been less than cooperative .
Last year , when the government attempted to impose a new tax on water bottlers , Fiji Water called it “ draconian ” ( a term it ’s never used for the regime ’s human rights violations ) and temporarily shut down its plant in protest .
While Lynda Resnick has called for “ very public conduct ” by private companies , she seems to appreciate that , as she wrote in her book , “ transparency is a lot easier to talk about than it is to realize . ”
The closely held company wo n’t disclose basic data about its business ( such as total charity expenditures ) , and it ’s gone to some length to shelter assets in secretive tax havens :
The Fijian operation , according to court documents filed last year , is owned by an entity in Luxembourg , while its American trademarks are registered to an address in the Cayman Islands .
At the moment , Fiji ’s government certainly seems in no mood to confront Fiji Water — quite the contrary .
“ Learning from the lessons of products , we must brand ourselves , ” Fiji ’s ambassador in Washington told a news site for diplomats in 2006 , adding that he was working with the Resnicks to try to increase Fiji Water ’s US sales .
A Fiji Water bottle sits at the top of the embassy ’s home page , and the government has even created a Fiji Water postage - stamp series — the $ 3 stamp features children clutching the trademark bottles .
Fiji Water , for its part , has trademarked the word “ FIJI ” ( in capital letters ) in numerous countries .
( Some rejected the application , but not the United States . )
It has also gone after rival Fijian bottlers daring to use their country ’s name for marketing .
“ It would have cost too much money for us to fight in court , ” says Mohammed Altaaf , the owner of Aqua Pacific water , which ended up taking the word “ Fiji ” out of its name .
“ It ’s just like branding a water America Water and denying anyone else the right to use the name ‘ America . ' ”
When such practices are criticized , Fiji Water ’s response is simple : “ They do n’t have a ton of options for economic development , ” Mooney told U.S. News & World Report , “ but bottled water is one of them .
When someone buys a bottle of Fiji , they ’re buying prosperity for the country . ”
Without Fiji Water , he said , “ Fiji is kind of screwed . ”
UPDATE : News broke in Fiji today ( 11/18/10 ) that Fiji Water ’s top official on the island , Director of External Affairs David Roth , was the reason for the abrupt resignation of the country ’s acting prime minister , Ratu Epeli Ganilau .
Ganilau shocked the island nation , which has been under martial law since 2009 , by emailing his resignation to Prime Minister Voreqe ( Frank ) Bainimarama , who is traveling in China .
Fiji Water is a huge economic force on the island , and the company has been criticized for tolerating Bainimarama ’s military regime ; see my in - depth report , below .
” We had some differences over the David Roth issue , ” Ganilau told the site FijiLive , without elaborating .
Reports from Fiji indicate that a deportation order had been issued for Roth , and Ganilau resigned in protest .
( Fiji Water has not yet responded to our request for comment . )
The fight comes at a potentially awkward moment for Fiji Water , which has just been nominated by the US State Department for its 2010 Corporate Excellence Award .
The US Ambassador in Fiji has also been making “ surprise ” visits to Fiji Water ’s charity events , ” touting Roth ’s work .
US relations with Fiji have been cool , but Secretary of State Hillary Clinton announced during her Asia tour that the US will be re-engaging with Bainimarama ’s regime by locating a $ 21 million USAID climate change office in Fiji — a step some consider an attempt to counter China ’s rising influence there .
“ We are going to be working together with Australia to persuade the military government in Suva to meet its commitment to bring democracy back to Fiji , ” Clinton said .
A Louisville man on trial for allegedly possessing excessive amounts of medicinal marijuana broke down in court Wednesday as he testified about the pain he has endured since being hit by a snowboarder on the slopes of Eldora Mountain Resort nearly five years ago .
Jason
Lauve fought back tears as he described how he went from being an avid outdoorsman and an expert telemark skier — who taught disabled children how to ski — to being a person in chronic pain who takes a laundry list of medications and uses a wheelchair to get around much of the time .
He said smoking and ingesting marijuana — with a state - issued medical marijuana license — has given him pain relief that no other pharmaceutical drug or medical treatment has been able to provide .
Lauve , 38 , faces a felony marijuana possession charge — punishable by up to three years in prison — after police found more than 30 plants and other forms of the drug in his home last summer .
The jury will hear closing arguments in the three - day trial this morning .
Boulder County District Judge Maria Berkenkotter told the eight men and four women on the jury Wednesday that they could find Lauve guilty of a felony possession charge of more than 8 ounces of marijuana , or one of two lesser counts — possession of 1 to 8 ounces or possession of less than an ounce .
He also faces a charge of possessing marijuana concentrate .
Lauve`s testimony dominated the day , as he spoke about being forced to abandon his days of 100 - mile bicycle rides for a cane and wheelchair following the December 2004 ski collision .
He told the jury his health was further compromised in a 2007 auto accident , in which he was rear - ended by a woman who was texting on her phone .
During breaks in the trial , Lauve would lie down on a couch in the hallway outside the courtroom .
Combing through a bag of medications that have been prescribed to him , Lauve testified that he takes Vicodin and Relafen , among other painkillers .
But he said they all have side effects that require him to take additional medication .
Lauve told the jury that after discussing the possible benefits of marijuana with his doctor , he was approved for a medical marijuana card and has renewed his license every year .
He said marijuana has helped him function again and allowed him to wean himself off of a couple of the painkillers he was taking , such as morphine and Oxycodone .
“ I didn`t want a role of growing marijuana in my life , ” he testified .
“ It was a necessity .
It allowed me to be participating in society , to have a life . ”
Lauve testified that he sprinkles the potent part of the marijuana bud into his tuna fish or oatmeal or mixes it into his butter before eating it , allowing him to get through the work day without excessive discomfort .
He also typically smokes pot three times a day , Lauve said .
Prosecutors allege that the 34 ounces — or more than 2 pounds — of pot seized at Lauve`s house in June 2008 were a clear violation of the constitutional amendment Colorado voters passed decriminalizing medical marijuana .
The law limits a patient to 2 ounces of usable marijuana and six plants .
But Lauve argues that the amendment also includes a provision that protects a patient or caregiver who claims to need more than the state - mandated maximum to address a debilitating condition .
He said he simply grew what he needed to ease his pain and never used the drug to get high .
He said the 10 to 12 Ziploc bags of marijuana seized by police contained a typical amount of the drug that he would have in his possession at any given time .
chainsaw - equipped
Oh sure , we joke about rogue AI all the time , and we 're aware that we 'll probably pollute ourselves to death well before the robots get us , but who really thinks flesh - eating machines are a good idea ?
The ( patently evil ) scientists behind the EATR project -- no fair , they 're making their own jokes now too -- have reached a new milestone in the development of the reconnaissance bot , successfully coupling a steam generator with a compact biomass furnace .
It is now therefore possible for an autonomous machine to forage for and refuel itself with biomatter , otherwise known as soft , pulsating , yummy humans .
They call it fuel versatility , as gasoline , diesel , and solar power may also be used if available , yet we 'll offer no prizes for predicting which energy source theserobots will prefer .
[ Via Switched
Attorney J. Darren Byers has been fighting for his clients ’ rights since 1994 .
During that time he has learned what it takes to provide his clients with the strongest defense , and he uses that experience to help people secure the best possible outcomes in cases ranging from simpler traffic matters to the most serious of cases , involving the death penalty .
JD is a straight talker who will give you the unvarnished truth about your case .
If there is a way to win , he will work tirelessly and fiercely to find it .
Nanotechnology , basically , deals with controlling and modifying matter at molecular and atomic scale .
The physical properties of matter change dramatically as its surface to area ratio is increased to nanoscales .
For instance , the elements that are known to be inert start functioning as catalyst .
Similarly , materials develop unique colloidal properties , solubility capacity and electrical properties .
Such materials find a wide variety of application in fields as diverse as electronics , medicine and energy production .
From drug delivery and imaging to cell repair machines and nanorobots , materials with nano - dimensions are extensively used for different medical purposes .
Owing to the widespread presence of nanomaterials in different medical equipments and devices , in the present day , nanomedicine has become an important branch of nanotechnology .
Let ’s throw some light on the different medical applications of nanotechnology .
Last week , I wrote an article defending free speech for everyone – and in response there have been riots , death threats , and the arrest of an editor who published the article .
Here 's how it happened .
My column reported on a startling development at the United Nations .
The UN Special Rapporteur on Human Rights has always had the job of investigating governments who forcibly take the fundamental human right to free speech from their citizens with violence .
But in the past year , a coalition of religious fundamentalist states has successfully fought to change her job description .
Now , she has to report on " abuses of free expression " including " defamation of religions and prophets . "
Instead of defending free speech , she must now oppose it .
I argued this was a symbol of how religious fundamentalists – of all stripes – have been progressively stripping away the right to freely discuss their faiths .
They claim religious ideas are unique and cannot be discussed freely ; instead , they must be " respected " – by which they mean unchallenged .
So now , whenever anyone on the UN Human Rights Council tries to discuss the stoning of " adulterous " women , the hanging of gay people , or the marrying off of ten year old girls to grandfathers , they are silenced by the chair on the grounds these are " religious " issues , and it is " offensive " to talk about them .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
This trend is not confined to the UN .
It has spread deep into democratic countries .
Whenever I have reported on immoral acts by religious fanatics – Catholic , Jewish , Hindu or Muslim – I am accused of " prejudice " , and I am not alone .
But my only " prejudice " is in favour of individuals being able to choose to live their lives , their way , without intimidation .
That means choosing religion , or rejecting it , as they wish , after hearing an honest , open argument .
A religious idea is just an idea somebody had a long time ago , and claimed to have received from God .
It does not have a different status to other ideas ; it is not surrounded by an electric fence none of us can pass .
That 's why I wrote : " All people deserve respect , but not all ideas do .
I do n't respect the idea that a man was born of a virgin , walked on water and rose from the dead .
I do n't respect the idea that we should follow a " Prophet " who at the age of 53 had sex with a nine - year old girl , and ordered the murder of whole villages of Jews because they would n't follow him .
I do n't respect the idea that the West Bank was handed to Jews by God and the Palestinians should be bombed or bullied into surrendering it .
I do n't respect the idea that we may have lived before as goats , and could live again as woodlice .
When you demand " respect " , you are demanding we lie to you .
I have too much real respect for you as a human being to engage in that charade . "
An Indian newspaper called The Statesman – one of the oldest and most venerable dailies in the country – thought this accorded with the rich Indian tradition of secularism , and reprinted the article .
That night , four thousand Islamic fundamentalists began to riot outside their offices , calling for me , the editor , and the publisher to be arrested – or worse .
They brought Central Calcutta to a standstill .
A typical supporter of the riots , Abdus Subhan , said he was " prepared to lay down his life , if necessary , to protect the honour of the Prophet " and I should be sent " to hell if he chooses not to respect any religion or religious symbol …
He has no liberty to vilify or blaspheme any religion or its icons on grounds of freedom of speech . "
Then , two days ago , the editor and publisher were indeed arrested .
They have been charged – in the world 's largest democracy , with a constitution supposedly guaranteeing a right to free speech – with " deliberately acting with malicious intent to outrage religious feelings " .
I am told I too will be arrested if I go to Calcutta .
What should an honest defender of free speech say in this position ?
Every word I wrote was true .
I believe the right to openly discuss religion , and follow the facts wherever they lead us , is one of the most precious on earth – especially in a democracy of a billion people riven with streaks of fanaticism from a minority of Muslims , Hindus and Sikhs .
So I cannot and will not apologize .
I did not write a sectarian attack on any particular religion of the kind that could lead to a rerun of India 's hellish anti-Muslim or anti-Sikh pogroms , but rather a principled critique of all religions who try to forcibly silence their critics .
The right to free speech I am defending protects Muslims as much as everyone else .
I passionately support their right to say anything they want – as long as I too have the right to respond .
It 's worth going through the arguments put forward by the rioting fundamentalists , because they will keep recurring in the twenty - first century as secularism is assaulted again and again .
They said I had upset " the harmony " of India , and it could only be restored by my arrest .
But this is a lop - sided vision of " harmony " .
It would mean that religious fundamentalists are free to say whatever they want – and the rest of us have to shut up and agree .
The protestors said I deliberately set out to " offend " them , and I am supposed to say that , no , no offence was intended .
But the honest truth is more complicated .
Offending fundamentalists is n't my goal – but if it is an inevitable side - effect of defending human rights , so be it .
If fanatics who believe Muslim women should be imprisoned in their homes and gay people should be killed are insulted by my arguments , I do n't resile from it .
Nothing worth saying is inoffensive to everyone .
You do not have a right to be ring - fenced from offence .
Every day , I am offended – not least by ancient religious texts filled with hate - speech .
But I am glad , because I know that the price of taking offence is that I can give it too , if that is where the facts lead me .
But again , the protestors propose a lop - sided world .
They do not propose to stop voicing their own heinously offensive views about women 's rights or homosexuality , but we have to shut up and take it – or we are the ones being " insulting " .
It 's also worth going through the arguments of the Western defenders of these protestors , because they too are n't going away .
Already I have had e-mails and bloggers saying I was " asking for it " by writing a " needlessly provocative " article .
When there is a disagreement and one side uses violence , it is a reassuring rhetorical stance to claim both sides are in the wrong , and you take a happy position somewhere in the middle .
But is this true ?
I wrote an article defending human rights , and stating simple facts .
Fanatics want to arrest or kill me for it .
Is there equivalence here ?
The argument that I was " asking for it " seems a little like saying a woman wearing a short skirt is " asking " to be raped .
Or , as Salman Rushdie wrote when he received far , far worse threats simply for writing a novel ( and a masterpiece at that ) : " When Osip Mandelstam wrote his poem against Stalin , did he ‘ know what he was doing ' and so deserve his death ?
When the students filled Tiananmen Square to ask for freedom , were they not also , and knowingly , asking for the murderous repression that resulted ?
When Terry Waite was taken hostage , had n't he been ‘ asking for it ' ? "
When fanatics threaten violence against people who simply use words , you should not blame the victim .
These events are also a reminder of why it is so important to try to let the oxygen of rationality into religious debates – and introduce doubt .
Voltaire – one of the great anti-clericalists – said : " Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities . "
If you can be made to believe the absurd notion that an invisible deity dictated The Eternal Unchanging Truth to a specific person at a specific time in history and anyone who questions this is Evil , then you can easily be made to demand the death of journalists and free women and homosexuals who question that Truth .
But if they have a moment of doubt – if there is a single nagging question at the back of their minds – then they are more likely to hesitate .
That 's why these ideas must be challenged at their core , using words and reason .
But the fundamentalists are determined not to allow those rational ideas to be heard – because at some level they know they will persuade for many people , especially children and teenagers in the slow process of being indoctrinated .
If , after all the discussion and all the facts about how contradictory and periodically vile their ‘ holy ' texts are , religious people still choose fanatical faith , I passionately defend their right to articulate it .
Free speech is for the stupid and the wicked and the wrong – whether it is fanatics or the racist Geert Wilders – just as much as for the rational and the right .
All I say is that they do not have the right to force it on other people or silence the other side .
In this respect , Wilders resembles the Islamists he professes to despise : he wants to ban the Koran .
Fine .
Let him make his argument .
He discredits himself by speaking such ugly nonsense .
The solution to the problems of free speech – that sometimes people will say terrible things – is always and irreducibly more free speech .
If you do n't like what a person says , argue back .
Make a better case .
Persuade people .
The best way to discredit a bad argument is to let people hear it .
I recently interviewed the pseudo - historian David Irving , and simply quoting his crazy arguments did far more harm to him than any Austrian jail sentence for Holocaust Denial .
Please do not imagine that if you defend these rioters , you are defending ordinary Muslims .
If we allow fanatics to silence all questioning voices , the primary victims today will be Muslim women , Muslim gay people , and the many good and honourable Muslim men who support them .
Imagine what Britain would look like now if everybody who offered dissenting thoughts about Christianity in the seventeenth century and since was intimidated into silence by the mobs and tyrants who wanted to preserve the most literalist and fanatical readings of the Bible .
Imagine how women and gay people would live .
You can see this if you compare my experience to that of journalists living under religious - Islamist regimes .
Because generations of British people sought to create a secular space , when I went to the police , they offered total protection .
When they go to the police , they are handed over to the fanatics – or charged for their " crimes . "
They are people like Sayed Pervez Kambaksh , the young Afghan journalism student who was sentenced to death for downloading a report on women 's rights .
They are people like the staff of Zanan , one of Iran 's leading reform - minded women 's magazines , who have been told they will be jailed if they carry on publishing .
They are people like the 27 - year old Muslim blogger Abdel Rahman who has been seized , jailed and tortured in Egypt for arguing for a reformed Islam that does not enforce shariah law .
It would be a betrayal of them – and the tens of thousands of journalists like them – to apologize for what I wrote .
Yes , if we speak out now , there will be turbulence and threats , and some people may get hurt .
But if we fall silent – if we leave the basic human values of free speech , feminism and gay rights undefended in the face of violent religious mobs – then many , many more people will be hurt in the long term .
Today , we have to use our right to criticise religion – or lose it .
Postscript :
If you are appalled by the erosion of secularism across the world and want to do something about it , there are a number of organizations you can join , volunteer for or donate to .
Some good places to start are the National Secular Society , the Richard Dawkins Foundation for Science and Reason , or – if you want the money to go specifically to work in India – the International Humanist and Ethical Union .
( Mark your donation as for their India branch . )
Even donating a few hours or a few pounds can really make a difference to defending people subject to religious oppression – by providing them with legal help , education materials , and lobbying for changes in the law .
An essential source of news for secularists is the terrific website Butterflies and Wheels .
THE FERNANDEZ LAW FIRM IS COMMITTED TO PROVIDING SOPHISTICATED , COMPREHENSIVE LEGAL AND TECHNOLOGY COUNSEL TO BUSINESSES IN AND AROUND ATLANTA GEORGIA .
The fact that most of our new clients come to us as referrals from existing clients is an indication of the quality of our legal services and our effectiveness .
We have represented many of our clients for a wide variety of reasons , including incorporating and forming their LLCs , preparing their shareholder agreements , negotiating their first real estate leases , preparing their employment agreements with NDAs , and more .
We have been able to help our clients build businesses that produce income every day and develop real value and wealth in their businesses for the long term .
We encourage our clients to do everything properly from a legal standpoint from the beginning so that they can establish good legal practices , and maximize value in their businesses .
Our counsel is admitted in both the state of Georgia and the state of New York , which means that we have a wealth of experience in providing sophisticated legal representation and advice to our clients .
Whether you are seeking legal counsel in the Atlanta Metro area or in the Northern Atlanta suburbs , be sure to contact Fernandez Law Firm .
The former Atlanta Falcons quarterback has indeed paid his criminal penalty , and that account is settled .
What has n't changed is that Vick is the kind of guy who had no problem beating a dog to death as punishment for its lack of fighting prowess .
We may even wonder whether he took some pleasure from it , although we do n't know that .
What we do know is that his character includes a streak of savage cruelty .
Phony Notes Counterfeiters Target the Euro
Counterfeit euros are proliferating faster than real ones , but Europol says they 're still relatively rare and easy to detect .
Von Leona Liu
Note : JavaScript must be enabled to view this page correctly .
The last version of Rikaichan can be downloaded here
3.00 :
Numerous code changes for Firefox e10s compatibility .
Added XHTML support .
Thanks to William C .
Added white color theme .
Thanks to Vitaly L .
M/N/B keys ( next / back ) now shows the next / previous element at the end of the current one .
3.01 : ( replaced with 3.02 while in review queue , so it's not available ) Fix Thunderbird send button was disabled .
Cleanup database functions .
3.02 :
Do n't use device pixel ratio by default ( used mainly for zoom adjustment ) .
This caused popup position problems on some systems .
This can still be enabled in the options screen if needed .
Add option to let users adjust the vertical position of the popup .
Major changes have been made to the code , so be aware that some things may still be buggy in this version .
Please report problems to
» Release channel files
» Beta channel files
This release focuses mainly on making Rikaichan more compatible with Firefox 's multiprocess mode ( Electrolysis/e10s ) .3.00:3.01:3.02 :
Major changes have been made to the code , so be aware that some things may still be buggy in this version .
Please report problems to this email address .
2.09 Re-enabled the menus again by default .
Sorry for the confusion everyone .
2.08 Fixed rules and handling of verbs .
Settings now use the extensions prefix .
Users may need to re-enter the settings ( sorry about this ) .
Refactored a few depreciated code .
Now runs with E10S enabled .
This actually needs a lot more work , but for now it will at least run with E10S enabled using compatibility shims .
You can download NOTE : 2.xx is not fully compatible with Firefox Electrolysis /e10s ( current Firefox versions ) .
It will not work correctly unless you disable e10s / enable the " shims .
" 2.092.08
You can download 2.09 here
Right - click the link , select Save As and save the *.x pi file somewhere in your computer .
In Thunderbird , open the Tools menu , click Addons , then click the Install button and find the downloaded *.x pi file .
Dictionary Files
The files listed above are signed , but are no longer updated .
Unsigned Dictionary Files
Sarah Palin ’s attorney came out swinging this weekend , threatening legal action against bloggers and various media outlets for publishing fraudulent claims about the governor , who announced her intention to resign as governor last Friday .
Almost immediately afterwards [ announced resignation ] , several unscrupulous people have asserted false and defamatory allegations that the “ real ” reasons for Governor Palin ’s resignation stem from an alleged criminal investigation pertaining to the construction of the Wasilla Sports Complex .
This canard was first floated by Democrat operatives in September 2008 during the national campaign and followed up by sympathetic Democratic writers .
1
It was easily rebutted then as one of many fabrications about Sarah Palin .
Just as power abhors a vacuum , modern journalism apparently abhors any type of due diligence and fact checking before scurrilous allegations are repeated as fact . …
To the extent several websites , most notably liberal Alaska blogger Shannyn Moore , are now claiming as “ fact ” that Governor Palin resigned because she is “ under federal investigation ” for embezzlement or other criminal wrongdoing , we will be exploring legal options this week to address such defamation .
This is to provide notice to Ms. Moore , and those who re-publish the defamation , such as Huffington Post , MSNBC , the New York Times and The Washington Post , that the Palins will not allow them to propagate defamatory material without answering to this in a court of law .
The Alaska Constitution protects the right of free speech , while simultaneously holding those “ responsible for the abuse of that right . ”
Alaska Constitution Art. I , Sec. 5 . “ These falsehoods abuse the right to free speech ; continuing to publish these falsehoods of criminal activity is reckless , done without any regard for the truth , and is actionable . ”
Palin also went out on the offensive over the 4th of July weekend , decrying her critics through Facebook :
The response in the main stream media has been most predictable , ironic , and as always , detached from the lives of ordinary Americans who are sick of the “ politics of personal destruction ” .
How sad that Washington and the media will never understand ; it ’s about country .
And though it ’s honorable for countless others to leave their positions for a higher calling and without finishing a term , of course we know by now , for some reason a different standard applies for the decisions I make .
But every American understands what it takes to make a decision because it ’s right for all , including your family .
and Twitter ( during the Sunday AM news shows )
Critics are spinning , so hang in there as they feed false info on the right decision made as I enter last yr in office to not run again ….
so I ’ll make attempt to keep up w/ attaching corrected info .
I head 2 West AK villages today , look forward to their busy comm fish activity !
Trying to keep up w / getting truth to u , like proof there ’s no “ FBI scandal ” , here ’s link http://tinyurl.com/nzlae8
Thanks ,
AK !
Palin ’s news conference announcing her resignation is presented in all its rambling , uncomfortable entirety below .
It ’s a struggle but worth the scenic and family cutaways …
[ pro - player width = ’ 425 ′ height = ’340 ′ type= ’FLV ’ ]
http://www.gov.state.ak.us/video/GovPalin-July3Announcement.flv[/pro-player]
Post by ILO on 07/05/09 at 10:05 pm
If you ’re looking to put an inline remote on your iPod , Griffin has one new way to do it — and it adds that oldest of old - school wireless music sources , FM radio .
Griffin ’s Navigate plugs into the dock connector , bypassing the pesky requirement for chips that may or may not be DRM for headphones .
This has another advantage — aside from piping the music , hot and steaming , to your headphones , the Navigate can also display track info in the OLED screen and give access to EQ , playlists and shuffle modes .
And did we mention it has an FM radio ?
Try to stay awake at the back .
You might scoff — after all , this thing is bigger than an iPod Shuffle and it ’s just a remote .
But Griffin makes some good points , especially about restoring the tactile feedback of the clickwheel iPods to the Touch and iPhone .
Apple has gone some way to addressing this with the clicky inline remote on the latest earbuds , but then you are limited to those same crappy earbuds .
With Griffin ’s widget you can plug in any cans you like .
All this and an FM radio for listening to ads interspersed with the occasional hits from the 70s , 80s and 90s .
Available now , works with any recent iPod that has a dock connector , $ 60 .
Product page [ Griffin .
Thanks ,
Evie ! ]
See Also :
UC Davis ' annual Lake Tahoe health report describes a spreading Asian clam population that could put sharp shells and rotting algae on the spectacular mountain lake 's popular beaches , possibly aid an invasion of quagga and zebra mussels , and even affect lake clarity and ecology .
" Our collaborative UC Davis and University of Nevada , Reno , science team found up to 3,000 Asian clams per square meter at locations between Zephyr Point and Elk Point in the southeastern portion of the lake , " said John Reuter , associate director of the UC Davis Tahoe Environmental Research Center .
" Those are high numbers , especially when compared to the few isolated , dead shells we found back in 2002 when the Asian clam was first reported .
We already see associated environmental effects from the clams today , and we are concerned that they might spread . ”
Issued annually since 2007 , the " Tahoe : State of the Lake Report " is intended to give the public a better understanding of the changes occurring in Lake Tahoe on a year - to - year basis and to place current conditions within a historical perspective .
It summarizes tens of thousands of scientific observations of lake weather , water conditions and aquatic life made since 1900 .
It is compiled by the research scientists of the UC Davis Tahoe Environmental Research Center .
The dime - sized Asian clam ( Corbicula fluminea ) that is the researchers ’ top concern this year probably has been in the lake for only 10 years , but it is already replacing native pea clams in lake sediments .
In the areas where they are most numerous , Asian clams comprise almost half of the benthic , or sediment - dwelling , organisms , the report says .
What 's more , in the beds of Asian clams , a green filamentous alga , Zygnema , is thriving .
The report says the algae probably are being nourished by the high concentrations of nutrients excreted by the clams .
Dead Zygnema clumps become a nuisance when they wash onto beaches and decompose .
“ This moves Lake Tahoe further away from its desired pristine condition , ” Reuter said .
Another worry : UC Davis and UNR researchers say accumulations of Asian clams might foster the invasion of two other damaging species : quagga and zebra mussels , which radically alter ecosystems by consuming enormous amounts of the tiny algae that are the base of lake food chains and outcompeting the native bottom - dwelling species .
The mussels are also feared for their ability to encrust piers and boat hulls , and have already caused millions of dollars in damage in the Great Lakes by blocking intake pipes at water and power plants .
Zebra and quagga mussels are spreading west by hitchhiking on boat hulls , and a comprehensive program of public education and boat inspections has been established by resource managers to try to keep them out of Lake Tahoe .
While Asian clams are not expected to become the colonizing monster that quagga and zebra mussels are , they may make lake waters more hospitable to the problem mussels by concentrating calcium , an essential nutrient .
In addition to the Asian clam concerns , many other trends and observations are described in the 64 - page State of the Lake Report .
They include :
The lake ’s clarity was unchanged from the previous year : The Secchi depth was 69.6 feet .
The long - term warming trend seen since 1970 continued , with warmer nights and lake waters , fewer cold days and less precipitation falling as snow .
However , 2008 was a cold year , with the greatest number of freezing days since the early 1990s .
It was another dry year -- the 12th driest year on record .
While the historical average annual precipitation is 31.6 inches , in 2008 only 19.3 inches of precipitation fell .
In 2008 , Lake Tahoe mixed all the way to the bottom at the mid-lake station .
This was the second successive year of deep mixing .
Complete mixing during two or more successive years has only occurred three times since 1973 .
Mixing matters because it circulates nutrients and other material from the lake ’s depths to the surface water and returns oxygen to the deep water .
The " Tahoe : State of the Lake Report 2009 " is free and available online at http://terc.ucdavis.edu.
Vigils to honor the victims of a shooting spree at an LGBT center in Tel Aviv over the weekend are planned throughout the U.S. this week .
San Francisco
Monday , August 3
5:30 pm Gather at Congregation Sha’ar Zahav ( 290 Dolores St @ 16th St )
6:00 pm March to SF LGBT Center ( 1800 Market Street @ Octavia St )
6:30 pm Speakers & Candlelight Vigil
( more ) Washington D.C .
Monday , August 3 at 8:15 pm ( more ) Los Angeles
Thursday , August 6 ( more ) and Friday , Aug 7 ( more )
Vigils have already been held throughout Israel and in London .
Video below is from a spontaneous rally the night of the shooting .
Post by ILO on 08/03/09 at 1:58 pm
4 August 2009
Heretical no doubt but the history of the Left in the allegedly developed world is not exactly littered with success stories , worse still is our relationship with the developing world as the confusion surrounding who to support ( or not to ) in Iran most clearly reveals .
And this is not a new phenomenon as the ideological battles , for example over Cuba , reveal , or more recently Venezuela .
It seems that in spite of our failure to bring about an end to capitalism in no way impedes our desire to tell everyone else what should be done to bring about social change .
The traditional tag ( on the left ) is chauvinism , that is to say , bigotry and prejudice let alone arrogance , the old ‘ we know best ’ attitude but from whence does it come ?
Most evidently , it ’s far easier to pontificate about what ‘ they ’ should or should not be doing in some far off place rather than dealing with our own issues and most importantly , our own ruling class .
‘ One principle that we stress is that the Iranian election was Iranian business , not the business of the Western left , especially the left in a country like the United States , which has been intervening continuously and destructively in Iran for years and which is still , in alliance with Israel , threatening Iran militarily . ’ — Iran : Reply to the Campaign for Peace and Democracy By Edward S. Herman and David Peterson
The same piece goes on to say :
‘ Another principle that we believe important is that the left should be especially active where it can have a clearly positive influence .
This is not the case for Iran , where U.S. relations with Iran are poor and the left ’s aggressive support of the anti-Ahmadinejad forces could have perverse effects like intensifying internal repression and / or foreign hostility towards the Iranian state .
Positive effects of left - campaigning would be much more likely in the case of Honduras , which is the site of U.S. military bases and where the military and government depend on U.S. support .
Here , left focus , anger , and pressure on Washington could have a beneficial impact .
We point out that the New York Times features Iran with intensity and indignation , but does not do this for the coup and new military dictatorship in Honduras . ’
Many years ago , in a far - off galaxy , well Zambia to be exact , I was privileged to be working with the African National Congress whilst it was still a liberation movement in exile , installing computers and training comrades in how to use them .
One of the groups ( reluctantly ) sponsoring me was based in the US .
Their background was solidarity work in a Central American country , a country that had overthrown the US - backed dictatorship and importantly , they were working directly with the government .
Not so in Zambia , where the ANC was a guest of the Zambian government and under constant threat from the then Apartheid South Africa ( bombings were frequent ) , it was , to put it mildly , a delicate situation .
‘ Interfering ’ in the internal workings of the ANC was n’t on my , or our agenda and especially from North Americans who were generally viewed with some suspicion by the comrades .
Paranoia ?
Maybe , but that was the reality , getting caught up in the internal politics was something to be avoided at all costs , not only because it was n’t our business but also because for the most part , we had no idea what was going on .
Thus whatever reservations I had about the way the ANC functioned had to be set aside ( though this did n’t stop me getting involved in private discussions with those closest to me , but that ’s where it ended ) .
Not so for my North American companions , who felt it necessary to get involved in the internal political wranglings of the ANC , not a wise move , I can assure you from bitter personal experience .
It ’s one thing to give freely of your skills and experience without strings and even here , different ways of working , even seeing things differently can make life frustrating for us , but that ’s the breaks .
No doubt there is a great deal of idealism and romanticism involved , after all , we were on the ‘ front line ’ , and actually doing something concrete in solidarity with liberation movements is of course important but on whose terms ?
I have to return to a theme that I think lies at the heart of the problem , namely racism pure and simple .
For five centuries we have been lording it over the planet , our wealth and knowledge , access to all manner of resources eg , our centres of ‘ learning ’ , the sophisticated networks and so forth have created the illusion of superiority .
We have collectively benefited from this abundance of wealth , albeit for most , merely the crumbs off the table , but that does not alter the fact that we are citizens of Empire and that includes the UK ’s hankering for days of yore , that relies on the complicity or at least the acquiescence of its citizens .
“ You are in an intractable contradiction .
The western left has been brought to the reality that its very sense of self , its privileges , small but depended on , illusion of superiority , also depended on for sense of self … allow equality of the exploited in all means of life and the destruction of the exploiters follows , the left included .
Therefore , they rationalize genocide with suicide because inevitably the reproduction and enlargement of capital is their accepted life force .
It ’s just in their make - up . ” —
Patricia Murphy - Robinson
We need only look at the general attitude of Britons to ‘ our boys over there ’ .
Yes , they are for the most part working class but they kill and torture on behalf their Masters , is it enough to say that they too , are victims or is it also that we have absorbed the ideology of the ‘ master race ’ even though it works against our direct interests , but then is n’t that the point ?
The history of the Left in the West is littered with examples of chauvinist / racist thinking , for example the French Communist Party ’s position over the Algerian independence struggle comes to mind , or closer to home , the racism that was / is endemic in the British trade union movement ( let alone the closely related sexism ) .
So whilst we debate endlessly the ins and outs of who said what to whom and when and what they really meant , or argue over the nature of ‘ real ’ socialism , elsewhere in the real world , a luta continua .
For the fact is , it ’s the colonized and neo-colonized of the world who have borne the brunt of the struggle just as they continue to do so .
In effect , fighting a battle that is by rights really ours to fight .
So while we argue over who to support in Iran , our governments continue their subversion , sabotage and threats against Iranand , regardless of their politics , any country that threatens Western interests .
Let ’s face it , it ’s much easier to get all worked up about events in a far - off land , and one where our influence and importance is less than zero , than it is to confront our own demons .
Moreover , I am sure that the memory of British involvement in the overthrow of Mossadegh in 1953 is still fresh in the minds of many Iranians , thus it is not surprising that we are viewed with some suspicion whether we consider ourselves for or against the recent events in Iran .
Is it enough to blame propaganda ?
At what point do we accept responsibility for our own ( in )actions ?
A case in point is Britain ’s ‘ mission creep ’ in Afghanistan .
Britain ’s tin-pot military campaign is leading to increasing numbers of British casualties ( nearly 200 , now surpassing those sustained in Iraq ) , that is only now leading to questioning ‘ our ’ role in Afghanistan , not because we should n’t be there in the first place but because we are ill - equipped to suppress Afghan resistance to the occupation and because once again it ’s ‘ our boys ’ getting killed ( no mention of the slaughter of Afghanis of course , but then they ’re not ‘ our boys and girls ’ ) .
For sure , the British state is on a propaganda offensive , justifying our continued occupation by asserting that unless the Taliban are defeated ( fat chance ) , ‘ al - Qu’eda ’ will bring the war home to the Fatherland .
Yes , I know it ’s a pathetic argument , but it designed to tap into the worst nationalist sentiments when allied to British troops being killed .
So what is the ‘ left ’s ’ response to this ?
The Stop the War coalition puts it this way ,
‘ 200 DEAD PROTESTS
Stop the War ’s local groups are preparing protests to take place the weekend after the 200th British soldier is killed in Afghanistan .
At the current rate of fatalities , with 191 having died so far , it is likely this figure will be reached in the near future .
It will be yet another testament to tragically wasted lives of soldiers — some as young as eighteen — sent to kill and be killed in a futile war . ’ — Stop the War Newsletter , 31 July , 2009
The problem of course is that it ’s not a ‘ futile war ’ , unwinnable maybe but definitely not futile , it flows from the UK ’s imperial desires , however unrealistic they may be .
And why is n’t Stop the War organizing on the basis of the unknown ( because they ’re not counted ) numbers , definately in their thousands , of Afghan people slaughtered in this ‘ pointless ’ war ?
If ‘ our boys ’ were n’t dying in increasing numbers , what then would be the basis of Stop the War ’s opposition aside from the ‘ futility ’ of it ?
And yes , for sure , opposition to the war is increasing in the UK but not because of a principled opposition to it but because ‘ our boys ’ are dying in increasing numbers in what is ( and always has been ) an unwinnable war , especially when conducted by our inept militarythat clearly hopes that casualties can be kept low enough not to really piss people off .
And of course it ’s our young who are getting sacrificed on the altar of imperial lust .
The ‘ Thin Red Line ’ is looking decidedly threadbare .
The Stop the War Coalition is the largest and most visible expression of the anti-war movement in the UK , ever since it organized the massive 2003 demonstration to the ( inevitable ) invasion of Iraq , yet throughout its campaign , the issue of opposition to the invasion of Iraq and now Afghanistan ( and why did it take eight years ? ) , does not link capitalism to the issues , but surely this is the question that has to be put :
Why are we there and what are we allegedly fighting for if not to stop ‘ al - Qu’eda ( well this is the latest wheeze to come of our war - mongering Labour government ) ?
And if this is true , then we are conducting a war against a perceived and multi-national ‘ enemy ’ but doing it in someone else ’s back yard !
So what happened to our concern for human rights in Afghanistan , was n’t that the reason we pounded , the already pounded and blighted land of Afghanistan ?
Yet aside from Stop the War , the only other groups involved in the planned demonstration are the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament and the British Muslim Initiative , neither of which are known for their opposition to capitalism .
Now I have no problem with any organization joining in campaigns to halt the UK ’s imperial ambitions but on whose terms ?
Frankly , it strikes me that Stop the Warhave adopted an opportunist position , ‘ let ’s not mention capitalism or wars over resources and strategic locations , it might frighten people off ’ .
Yet unless we start out the way we mean to continue , we are doomed to repeat the mistakes of our past , and this means taking a principled stand on fundamental issues , like the fact that these crazy capitalists are taking us all to hell and it ’s up to us to tell like it is .
Click to email this to a friend ( Opens in new window )
GOLDMAN
Sachs boss Lloyd Blankfein has warned his employees to avoid high - profile spending , as The Post reported — but his wife evidently did n’t get the memo .
Laura Blankfein and her friend Susan Friedman , wife of another Goldman honcho , Richard Friedman , caused a huge scene at Super Saturday in the Hamptons last weekend when they arrived at the event before the noon start time and balked at waiting in line with the other ticket - holders .
“ Their behavior was obnoxious .
They were screaming , ” said one witness .
Blankfein said she would n’t wait with “ people who spend less money than me . ”
Another observer said the women were so impatient , it was as if they were waiting on line for a kidney transplant instead of a charitable designer clothing sale .
Friedman shouted at the event organizer , “ You have lost so much money because of this . . .
Why should we be treated like the $ 650 donors ? ”
Sources said Blankfein and Friedman had bought tables with blocks of tickets going for $ 833 apiece , as did many of the women who were waiting patiently in line , happy to raise $ 3.4 million for the Ovarian Cancer Research Fund .
In the end , the hot - headed duo got in at 12:03 p.m. , three minutes after those who arrived before them .
No word on how much of their husbands ’ money they spent .
But Lloyd Blankfein — wary of bad publicity over the big bonuses he and his colleagues expect to collect at year ’s end — has called for an end to conspicuous consumption .
A Goldman Sachs executive was quoted in yesterday ’s front - page Post story , “ [ Blankfein ] wants to make sure we ’re not being seen living high on the hog . ”
A Goldman Sachs rep did not respond to requests for comment left at the offices of both Lloyd Blankfein and Richard Friedman .
Nitrates seem to be the key ingredient in beetroot Drinking beetroot juice boosts stamina and could help people exercise for up to 16 % longer , a UK study suggests .
A University of Exeter team found nitrate contained in the vegetable leads to a reduction in oxygen uptake - making exercise less tiring .
The small Journal of Applied Physiology study suggests the effect is greater than that which can be achieved by regular training .
Beetroot juice has previously been shown to reduce blood pressure .
We were amazed by the effects of beetroot juice
Professor Andy Jones
University of Exeter
The researchers believe their findings could help people with cardiovascular , respiratory or metabolic diseases - and endurance athletes .
They focused on eight men aged 19 - 38 , who were given 500 ml per day of organic beetroot juice for six consecutive days before completing a series of tests , involving cycling on an exercise bike .
On another occasion , they were given a placebo of blackcurrant cordial for six consecutive days before completing the same cycling tests .
After drinking beetroot juice the group was able to cycle for an average of 11.25 minutes - 92 seconds longer than when they were given the placebo .
This would translate into an approximate 2 % reduction in the time taken to cover a set distance .
The group that had consumed the beetroot juice also had lower resting blood pressure .
Mechanism unclear
The researchers are not yet sure of the exact mechanism that causes the nitrate in the beetroot juice to boost stamina .
However , they suspect it could be a result of the nitrate turning into nitric oxide in the body , reducing how much oxygen is burned up by exercise .
Study researcher Professor Andy Jones - an adviser to top UK athlete Paula Radcliffe - said : " We were amazed by the effects of beetroot juice on oxygen uptake because these effects cannot be achieved by any other known means , including training .
" I am sure professional and amateur athletes will be interested in the results of this research .
" I am also keen to explore the relevance of the findings to those people who suffer from poor fitness and may be able to use dietary supplements to help them go about their daily lives . "
Professor John Brewer , an expert on sports science at the University of Bedfordshire , said : " These findings are potentially exciting for many people involved in sport and exercise , but will almost certainly require further more extensive studies before the exact benefits and mechanisms are understood .
" We must also remember that exercise and training and a sensible diet will always remain as the essential ingredients for a balanced and healthy lifestyle . "
Dr Simon Marshall , of the University of San Diego , has carried out work on exercise and health .
He said much more work was needed involving many more subjects to draw firm conclusions .
" Certainly , a diet high in nitrate - rich fruits and vegetables is good for your heart health and this study provides further evidence of this . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
— David Magnus , Phd , is the director of the Stanford Center for Biomedical Ethics .
The views expressed are his own . —
The public discussion of healthcare reform has been full of so many lies and myths that it is less a policy debate than bad theater .
Critics of reform ( conservatives hoping to score political points and oppose Obama on anything ; free market ideologues ; those with threatened financial interests ) have stooped to absurdity in their public pronouncements .
One publication declared that severely disabled physicist Stephen Hawking would never get life saving medicine in a national health system , ignoring that Hawking is British — virtually all of his life saving treatments were done through their National Health Service .
As debate over reforming health care continues , these are some of the key myths that get in the way of truly meaningful discussion .
Myth # 1 — We have the best health care in the world
This is probably true for some Americans .
But on the whole our system is among the poorest of all developed nations .
We spend far more per capita than any of our peers on healthcare , yet health outcomes measures are no better in aggregate .
The World Health Organization ranking of health systems rated 36 other countries as having better health systems despite spending far less .
The U.S. was right behind Costa Rica ( and only two spots ahead of Cuba ) .
But the reality of the failure of our health system is best seen by the thousands of people being turned away in Los Angeles last week at the massive free clinic set up by the Remote Area Medical Foundation ( see Reuters story ) .
When the country spending the most money can not meet the basic medical needs of so many of its citizens , it does not have a good ( or just ) health system , much less the best system .
Myth # 2 — Health reform will lead to less personal freedom
There is nothing in any of the proposals that requires anyone to give up her existing health plan .
In fact , Medicare proves that public - private partnerships can result in individuals choosing their own plans and their own physicians .
Opponents of reform have argued that any government involvement means loss of freedom .
This ignores the reality that insurance companies , employers , and financial limitations are already curtailing freedom for many individuals .
When co-payments are too high , or someone has no insurance and health care means going bankrupt , those are real losses of freedom .
It is ironic that unwavering faith in the free - market ( and contempt for any government role ) is being expressed at the same time the country is recovering from an economic meltdown caused by too much greed and too little government oversight .
None of the proposed plans involve socializing medicine , creating a single payer system , or government run or owned hospitals .
They merely acknowledge the reality that a morally defensible health care system will only come about with some government involvement .
Myth # 3 — Health reform will control costs by depriving patients of needed medical treatments
There is absolutely nothing in any of the reform measures that suggests or requires that needed medical treatments will not be available .
In contrast , within our existing system , those without insurance or “ under - insured ” patients who can not afford rising out of pocket payments are denied needed medical treatments on a routine basis .
Reform makes it more likely that patients will receive needed medical treatments ( not less likely ) .
Myth # 4 — Health Reform will deny older Americans medical treatments at the end of life
The lies about “ death panels ” that Palin , Gingrich , and others have been spewing have led the Senate to withdraw one element of the House legislation that would have both reduced costs and increased patient freedom .
This is the proposal that would have allowed payment to primary care physicians who spend time with their patients talking about the patient ’s wishes with regard to end - of - life decision - making .
Right now , 25 percent of Medicare is spent on the last two months of life .
Families in these contexts often face difficult decisions with no idea of what a patient ’s wishes are .
In those settings , we typically default to providing more aggressive measures , even if it increases suffering and may be at odds with a patient ’s wishes .
Encouraging patients to make choices ahead of time –whether for more aggressive measures or for a greater focus on comfort at the end of life– promotes freedom and has the potential to reduce costs ( since 80 percent of people prefer less aggressive care ) .
This is the precisely the role that government should be playing — creating incentives for good medicine that promotes patient autonomy — and to counter existing incentives which all too often lead to less choice , more suffering , and increased costs .
When Palin , Gingrich and others portray talking about our wishes with our doctors as “ death panels ” , when they attack scholars ’ work out of context , when they misrepresent what is in proposed legislation , they undermine any hope of rational dialogue about the ethical challenges presented by health care and the very important and very real challenges and trade - offs that should be the subject of debate .
Powered only by natural sunlight , an array of nanotubes is able to convert a mixture of carbon dioxide and water vapour into natural gas at unprecedented rates .
Such devices offer a new way to take carbon dioxide from the atmosphere and convert it into fuel or other chemicals to cut the effect of fossil fuel emissions on global climate , says Craig Grimes , from Pennsylvania State University , whose team came up with the device .
Although other research groups have developed methods for converting carbon dioxide into organic compounds like methane , often using titanium - dioxide nanoparticles as catalysts , they have needed ultraviolet light to power the reactions .
The researchers ’ breakthrough has been to develop a method that works with the wider range of visible frequencies within sunlight .
Advertisement
Enhanced activity
The team found it could enhance the catalytic abilities of titanium dioxide by forming it into nanotubes each around 135 nanometres wide and 40 microns long to increase surface area .
Coating the nanotubes with catalytic copper and platinum particles also boosted their activity .
The researchers housed a 2 - centimetre - square section of material bristling with the tubes inside a metal chamber with a quartz window .
They then pumped in a mixture of carbon dioxide and water vapour and placed it in sunlight for three hours .
The energy provided by the sunlight transformed the carbon dioxide and water vapour into methane and related organic compounds , such as ethane and propane , at rates as high as 160 microlitres an hour per gram of nanotubes .
This is 20 times higher than published results achieved using any previous method , but still too low to be immediately practical .
If the reaction is halted early the device produces a mixture of carbon monoxide and hydrogen known as syngas , which can be converted into diesel .
Copper boost
“ If you tried to build a commercial system using what we have accomplished to date , you ’d go broke , ” admits Grimes .
But he is confident that commercially viable results are possible .
“ We are now working on uniformly sensitising the entire nanotube array surface with copper nanoparticles , which should dramatically increase conversion rates , ” says Grimes , by at least two orders of magnitude for a given area of tubes .
This work suggests a “ potentially very exciting ” application for titanium - dioxide nanotubes , says Milo Shaffer , a nanotube researcher at Imperial College , London .
“ The high surface area , small critical dimensions , and open structure [ of these nanotubes ] apparently provide a relatively high activity , ” he says .
Journal Reference : Nano Letters ( DOI : 10.1021/nl803258 p )
Ask FactCheck
Q : Does a video shared on social media show Joe Biden sleeping during a live television interview ?
A : No .
The video was manipulated to make it appear that he had fallen asleep .
As Basquiat walks with Gina for the first time , a woman is seen behind them walking a dog on a retractable leash .
Retractable leashes were not available in 1981 .
See more
Crazy Credits
At the very end of the credits , a short clip showing a surfer riding on a wave is displayed .
It 's very similar to the surfing / wave shots that Basquiat keeps seeing whenever he looks up to the sky during the movie , but it 's in full color instead of being blue - tinted .
See more
By Katie Fraser
BBC News Magazine
Galileo first turned his telescope to the skies 400 years ago .
But even those without fancy equipment can watch the stars - here are five notable formations to look for .
Wherever you are in the world , there will always be stars in the night sky above .
And spotting these heavenly bodies - be it a solitary star amid the light pollution or great drifts dotted across the inky darkness - can give a certain thrill .
It is one of the few things where we can go out into our own gardens and do it ourselves
Marek Kukula , Royal Observatory
And stars are not the only attraction - there are planets , comets and galaxies too .
Most have been in the skies above for millions and millions of years , which is part of the draw for stargazers , amateur and aficionado alike .
It is this connection with the rest of the Universe that Marek Kukula , the public astronomer at the Royal Observatory Greenwich , believes is the greatest draw .
" Astronomy is a science about the big questions in life , such as where do we come from and where does the Earth come from , " says Dr Kukula .
" It is a way of getting in touch with nature and the Universe in a very real way . "
To mark the 400th anniversary of Galileo Galilei 's first recorded discoveries in the sky through a telescope , 2009 has been declared the International Year of Astronomy by the United Nations and International Astronomical Union .
People around the world are being encouraged to do some star - gazing of their own .
But other than going to an observatory or using the latest telescopic kit , what can we see in the night sky with the naked eye alone ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Part of the charm of astronomy is its simplicity , says Dr Kukula .
" It is one of the few things where we can go out into our own gardens and do it ourselves .
You can lie on your back and there 's a chance you 'll spot a shooting star . "
Julia Gaudelli , an amateur astronomer from Guildford , suggests investing in a star map or planisphere ( a circular chart that rotates to display the stars to see at certain times ) , and a pair of binoculars .
But neither are essential , and numerous websites detail what 's going on in the sky each night .
For optimal viewing it is best to get outside later in the night - the darker the sky , the better the star - gazing .
This is why city centres are not ideal .
" If you go somewhere genuinely dark , you will notice the change .
It can be the difference between thousands of stars compared to a dozen or so , " says Dr Kukula .
Here are five constellations to look for : ORION Although stars are always drawn , or painted , in a light yellow or white shade , there are many which are coloured , even to the naked eye .
This is true in the case of one of the best known of all the constellations , Orion - also known as the Hunter .
Here , the top left star in Orion - the right shoulder - Betelgeuse - is a giant red star .
In comparison , the bottom right star of the constellation , Orion 's right foot - Rigel - is blue .
There are three stars that represent Orion 's " belt " , and three below which make up his " sword " .
Of those that are the sword , one is not a star but a nebula , where stars are formed .
Dr Kakula describes it as a nursery : " It is probably very much like where our own stars and earth began . "
URSA MAJOR Ursa Major - also known as the Plough - can be seen in the UK all year round .
It is identifiable by the double star that represents the handle of the plough , which some people know as the horse and rider .
With the naked eye , it 's clear that there are two stars here , but if you turn binoculars or a telescope on this constellation , it becomes clear that there are three .
ANDROMEDA GALAXY
The Andromeda Galaxy is about the most distant object - at 2.5 million light - years away - that it is possible for anyone to see in the night sky .
Much of the lure of this galaxy is its impressive distance from us , says Dr Kukula , that the time the light took to reach us began so many years before man even inhabited the Earth .
" Astronomy really is a time machine .
You are seeing all the stars in a different time , depending how long it 's taken the light from them to get to us . "
As the seasons change , so do the stars which are most visible .
Ms Gaudelli says the best time to view the Andromeda Galaxy is in the autumn .
Look out for a " smudge of light or a faint cloud " to find the right stars , she says .
PLEIADES
Seven stars which are clearly identifiable are called Pleiades , also known as Seven Sisters , and individually named after the sisters in Greek mythology : Sterope , Merope , Electra , Maia , Taygete , Celaeno , and Alcyone .
Dr Kakula says that these are relatively young stars , only a couple of million years old , and are a brilliant blue colour .
" They look like a little cluster of sapphires , " he says .
These stars are most clearly visible in the Northern Hemisphere from late summer into autumn .
And Ms Gaudelli also sought it out on the other side of the world .
" I actually saw Pleiades in Australia last week - upside down - which felt very strange . "
THE MILKY WAY
The galaxy that is the Milky Way - the galaxy the Earth is part of - is another well - known feature of the night sky .
It arches right overhead us , across the sky .
Ms Gaudelli describes it as a band of cloud with structure .
And it is one sky feature that it is possible to see anywhere but in the most central part of cities .
So what will you look for in tonight 's sky ?
Below is a selection of your comments .
Easily one of the best experiences of my early 20s was being in Hawai'i , going up to the top of the volcanoes with the moon below the horizon and going stargazing .
Almost no air pollution , almost no light pollution .
I could see the Milky Way cut across the sky , and the Andromeda galaxy with the naked eye .
Almost 10 years on , that image still haunts me with its indescribable beauty .
Steven Quinlan
We were camping in Dorset last weekend and the difference in the night sky between there and home in Reading was incredible .
We saw so many more stars than we can see at home and were lucky enough to see shooting stars too , some in our party for the first time in their lives .
I 'd highly recommend people give it a try , a deckchair is great as it gives you just the right angle to observe the night sky , just sit there with a beer and ponder the meaning of life .
Steve Costello , Reading
For naked eye observers Jupiter is plainly visible these summer nights in the south - eastern sky low down at about 15 - 16 degrees just after dark .
It is the very bright star in Capricorn .
Galileo was the first to observe three of its moons with his first refractor telescope , and realise it is another miniature solar system .
Don Doran , Southport , UK Tonight we 'll be looking at these stars you mentioned , among others .
We would 've observed the Sun now in the afternoon , but it 's too cloudy .
Where I am ?
At the Astronomy Days on Hven 2009 , the island of Tycho Brahe .
We 're about 160 observers from Sweden and Denmark here over the weekend following Brahe 's footsteps , participating in workshops about photographing and telescope techniques , listen to speakers and just having a great time together with our beautiful universe in common .
Paula , Hven , Sweden Don't forget the Moon .
With a pair of 8 x 40 or 8 x 50 binoculars steadied on a fence , look at the Moon when it is half ( NOT when it is full ) and you will see some craters and perhaps the line of a mountain range .
You 'll see rays from craters caused by objects crashing into the Moon billions of years ago causing debris to be thrown across the surface .
At full moon you 'll see little , as the light of the Sun is falling directly onto the surface causing no shadows .
It 's a fun object to observe and if you look up your local Astronomy Society maybe you 'll get the chance of looking at the Moon through a decent telescope - then you WILL be hooked .
Tony Ireland , Cheltenham
At this time of the year , look to the southern sky .
Scorpio and Sagittarius will leap out at you and are a sight not to be missed .
Alan Munday , Lucerne Valley , California About the Pleiades - it 's very hard to see more than six stars , except in very dark conditions .
And if you can see more than six , that number is rarely seven ( there are dozens of stars in the cluster , most of which are only visible with binoculars or a telescope ) .
The association between the number seven and the Pleiades is mostly due to the mythological origins of their names .
Laurel Brown , New York City , US
You 'll be extremely lucky to see the Milky Way in most cities .
You can't even see it from my brother 's house in rural Suffolk .
Light pollution in the UK is pretty terrible and getting worse .
Goodness only knows what it 's doing to nocturnal species .
And the stray light that stops you seeing the stars is all wasted energy .
It 's a terrible shame , because the stars are really lovely .
Sheila , La Palma , Canary Islands
What can we do about light pollution from Bournemouth ?
It spoilt the recent shooting stars display ( best ever they said ) .
Even at 3 am the lights are on and ruining astronomy .
Anyone have a solution ?
John Palmer , Broadstone , Dorset Naked eye astronomy is very sensitive to light pollution .
In the UK there is a Campaign for Dark Skies , and also the International Dark Sky Association , which are " doing something " to reclaim the wonders of the night sky .
See what they do and perhaps get involved .
The light pollution situation would be much worse without their influence over the past couple of decades .
David Conner , Melton Mowbray , Leicestershire
In Belgium , Ursa Major is known as The Great Bear .
It is also known as The Milk or Saucepan - if you take a good at look at it you 'll see why .
Irene , Harpenden
In North India , Ursa Major is called " saptarishi " which means " seven saints " .
Rajendra Srivastava , New Delhi , India Tonight I will likely see cloud cover , which always comes in whenever there is something special happening .
Should conditions allow , Jupiter is hard to miss as the brightest speck in the evening sky .
Steven , Swindon , UK Instead of a planisphere , download Stellarium - it 's free and there 's a Windows , Mac and Linux version .
It 's a really good bit of software .
James Allsopp , Sheffield Having grown up in the countryside I have always had a love for naked eye astronomy and the features in the night sky .
I would also recommend Jupiter which sits just above the horizon in the South East as a bright object at the minute .
Also it 's worth visiting the heavens - above website which produces sky maps for your particular location and the time of night you intend to watch .
Ian , Bournemouth
Top tip for finding North Star using Plough - follow the last two stars up in a line and you will find a fainter star - that 's the North Star .
Dom , Burnham
Yes , the last two stars of the dipper part of the Big Dipper , as it's known in the US , point to the North Star .
Hence , the song Follow the Drinking Gourd celebrates using the Big Dipper and the North Star for escaped slaves to find their way north , hopefully to freedom .
Phyllis Stefanov - Wagner , Cambridge , MA , US From the UK , Jupiter is in the southern sky from about 22:00 each evening and its the brightest object ( apart from the moon ) in the night sky - so its a good object to look for .
With steadily held binoculars you can see up to 4 of Jupiter 's moons .
If you 're really lucky you can see three stars in a vertical line to the left of Jupiter and two more brighter stars below to form an extended L. Going back to the three stars , draw a vertical line from Jupiter through the middle of the three and there you might be lucky enough to see a faint bluish smudge - which is Neptune .
Good hunting .
Graham Hall , Stanmore , UK Nearly forty years ago I was lying on my back trying to fix a LandRover fan belt in the African bush .
There was no light pollution , nor any clouds - just a memorable ink - black sky full of dazzling stars filling my vision .
ChrisJk , UK
The visibility or otherwise of certain stars depends on the direction that the Earth 's night side is pointing .
Some things are only visible from the North , and some from the South , but those things that are visible from both are visible at the same time of year for both .
The reason the Pleiades are not visible in May is because at that time year they lie in the same direction as the Sun .
The Sun is in the same direction whether you are in London or Sydney , as are the stars .
Ben Burningham , St Albans , UK
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" It will stay in my garden until the weekend in case anyone wants to come and see it , but then I am going to cut it down . "
First watch this :
Now , in full disclosure , I work in media .
The only time I have seen this kind of plea to viewers is when the media persona in question knew the clock was ticking on their current position .
You can almost smell it on Glenn , his allusions to a " new platform " , how he has had " everything taken away before " , how he has been " broke " before .
If I was a betting man , which I am btw ( SOMEONE PLEASE FIX NEW ORLEANS I WILL NEVER SET FOOT IN LAS VEGAS AND YES I KNOW I AM SCREAMING ) , I would say in the extra dark and smokey backrooms of Fox News , Glenn Beck has been told he is on the firing line and that people who want him off the network are surrounding him .
Glenn Beck Watch has officially began .
* Making Biltong *
By : frogcat
19 May 2009
I became interested in making my own Biltong after wondering how I would preserve the meat in my freezer should the power go out for a long long time .
Because it ’s air dried , you really do n’t need electricity to make it .
What is Biltong you may be wondering ?
It ’s like beef jerky , only more tender .
It comes from the Dutch words for rump strip .
And as one website put it , “ Biltong has been a favorite with South African ’s and Zimbabwean ’s for close on 400 years now .
This mildly spiced and salted , air dried meat , has sustained these people since the early days of the Voortrekkers ”
In the past , farmers would make biltong out of the entire beef or game carcass .
The best cuts are from the rump , the ones you ’d use for oven roasts .
i.e. London Broil , Eye of Round , Top Round and even Sirloin .
This helps ensure your biltong is tender and not stringy .
I downloaded a bunch of biltong recipes from the web .
A lot of them were in metric , and each seemed to mention a different little trick .
Here ’s the steps I followed :
Ingredients :
5lbs Eye of Round or other oven roasting cut
2 cups Apple Cider Vinegar
1 Cup of brown sugar
1 Cup of Ice Cream Salt ( Rock Salt ) – if using regular salt , use much less .
Some recipes say ¼ cup of regular salt .
2 Teaspoons of Baking Soda
¼ cup of toasted coriander ( Husks and all )
Directions :
1 . Take 5 lbs of Eye of Round , and cut it along the grain in ½ to 1 inch strips .
Thinner strips are better in humid climates .
Remove excess fat , connective tissue , silverskin , etc .
2 . Toast the coriander .
Heat a pan to a medium heat and add coriander .
Stir and the seeds until nicely browned and smelling good .
Remove seeds from pan and crack the seeds - roll over with a rolling pin or do what I did and simply crush them with the side of a chef ’s knife .
3 . Stir together the dry cure mix of sugar , salt , baking soda and coriander in a dipping bowl .
4 . Put 1 cup of the vinegar into another dipping bowl .
5 . Douse the strips of meat in the vinegar .
Then roll the strips in the dry cure mix .
Get the strips well coated .
Place the strips into a large bowl .
6 . Put the meat in the fridge , or , if the power ’s gone , in a cooler .
Let it ‘ cure ’ or marinate for about 8 - 12 hours .
Every once in a while , feel free to drain off all the juices that collect at the bottom , and stir up the meat strips .
I did n’t , I just left it in the bowl overnight .
7. Remove from fridge and rinse off the cure mix in a 50/50 Vinegar and Hot water mix .
Some recipes call for Worcester Sauce in the mix , but I did n’t add this .
Pat the strips dry with some paper towels .
8 . It ’s time to hang the meat up to dry .
Take large metal paper clips , and bend them into “ S ” shaped hooks .
Hang the biltong in a lighted , breezy place .
You want light and air to help prevent mold and mildew growth .
And you want to avoid insects and critters getting at it too .
If you ’ve got a jerky maker , you could use that .
Part of the reason I wanted to make biltong is that I do n’t have a jerky maker .
I used a clothes drying rack , stuck it in the shower stall , and turned a fan on .
Because ants are a problem where I live , I put each leg of the rack in a cup of water .
9 . Drying time is about 5 days , depending on how thick the strips were , and how moist you like the biltong .
If you ’re used to beef jerky , it ’s hard to believe that it ’s okay to eat dried meat that ’s still springy and red on the inside .
But that ’s part of what makes biltong so good .
Supposedly , the finest biltong has been compared to prosciutto , a more well known form of air dried , cured meat .
While I was waiting , once it started looking all dark and shiny , I would ‘ sample ’ slices to see how far it had progressed .
Biltong Storage .
~ 1 week at room temperature .
~ 1 month in the fridge .
I discovered I had left some biltong in my workplace fridge for 5 months .
There were tiny amounts of mold growth at that point , so I did n’t bother trying it , but really , it was pretty minimal .
~ 1 year in a freezer .
Eating Biltong .
I like carving thin slices off with a knife .
Supposedly , if your biltong gets too dry or turns out too salty , you can grate it and use it in casseroles , scrambles and soups .
frogcat
Greenwald :
One of the rarest commodities in the establishment media is someone who was a vehement critic of George Bush and who now , applying their principles consistently , has become a regular critic of Barack Obama -- i.e. , someone who criticizes Obama from what is perceived as " the Left " rather than for being a Terrorist - Loving Socialist Muslim .
Andrew Sullivan and Glenn Greenwald suspect it was because of his reporting on torture :
Dan 's work on torture may be one reason he is now gone .
The way in which the WaPo has been coopted by the neocon right , especially in its editorial pages , is getting more and more disturbing .
This purge will prompt a real revolt in the blogosphere .
And it should .
In the one case of " media bias , " the wingnut freakazoids are actually playing - and winning - a long game .
It started more than 40 years ago , when Nixon fought against objective and factual accounts of his campaign tactics by labeling all objective media " biased liberal . "
Nonstop repetition of this lie wore objective outlets like the Post and the NYTimes down to the point they started believing it themselves , or at least thought they could relieve the weight of the accusation by becoming biased conservative .
The more they leaned wingnut while claiming an objectivity they lost sometime in the ' 80s , the easier it was for wingnut freakazoid Fox to claim the objectivity mantle for itself .
Greenwald continues :
What makes this firing so bizarre and worthy of inquiry is that , as Calderone notes , Froomkin was easily one of the most linked - to and cited Post columnists .
At a time when newspapers are relying more and more on online traffic , the Post just fired the person who , in 2007 , wrote 3 out of the top 10 most - trafficked columns .
In publishing that data , Media Bistro used this headline : " The Post 's Most Popular Opinions ( Read : Froomkin ) . "
Is n't that an odd person to choose to get rid of ? ...
In addition to his Rupert Murdoch perch at Fox , Krauthammer remains as a regular columnist at the Post , alongside fellow right - wing Obama haters such as Bill Kristol , George Will , Jim Hoagland , Michael Gerson and Robert Kagan -- as well as a whole bevy of typical , banal establishment spokespeople who are highly supportive of whatever the permanent Washington establishment favors ( David Ignatius , Fred Hiatt , Ruth Marcus , David Broder , Richard Cohen , Howie Kurtz , etc. etc. ) .
And that 's to say nothing of the regular Op - Ed appearances by typical Krauthammer - mimicking neoconservative voices such as John Bolton , Joe Lieberman , and Douglas Feith -- and the Post Editorial Page itself .
" Caracas " indeed .
Consider the on - going whine by newspapers and other MSM about the demise of journalism due to the internet .
Why has nobody stopped to consider that people have stopped buying newspapers , not because of the internet , but because they are tired of the right wing tilt of the print media ?
I think that is also true of the rest of the MSM .
I canceled my local paper , not because I would rather read news on the internet ( I would n't ) , but because I was tired of its on - going right wing slant .
I certainly would n't buy a Washington Post and I 'm not all that happy with the NY TIMES .
So , instead of blaming loss of readership on new technology , print media should take a careful look at the product they offer .
People are voting with their feet .
They saw how the MSM lied to them on the run-up to the Iraq fiasco and they wonder why they should buy " news " that has been clearly demonstrated to lack credibility .
PLEASE CALL THE WASHINGTON POST : Threaten a boycott for this inexplicable firing of one of the best blogger / columnists at WaPo .
Tell them you are cancelling their subscriptions .
He does not deserve to go without a logical explanation .
He brought the WaPo a ton of traffic when the newspaper industry is hurting .
For this firing , they will hurt more : Send a Letter to the Editor : letters@washpost.com
Or Send a comment through their Feedback website Phone
Main Number : 703.469.2500
Main Fax : 703.469.2995 E-mail ( click for pop - up feedback windows ) Goli Sheikholeslami- General Manager
Steve Stup - VP , Sales & Advertising Address
P.O. Box 17370
Arlington , VA 22216 Advertising 703.469.2501
Here is the number to The Washington Post Company : The Washington Post Company 1150 15th Street , NW
Washington , DC 20071
202.334.6000
TWPCoReply@washpost.com
Here is Froomkin 's own statement :
I ’m terribly disappointed .
I was told that it had been determined that my White House Watch blog was n’t " working " anymore .
But from what I could tell , it was still working very well .
I also thought White House Watch was a great fit with The Washington Post brand , and what its readers reasonably expect from the Post online .
As I ’ve written elsewhere , I think that the future success of our business depends on journalists enthusiastically pursuing accountability and calling it like they see it .
That ’s what I tried to do every day .
Now I guess I 'll have to try to do it someplace else .
Froomkin has been a hero in exposing the torture regime of Bush and Cheney .
Former U.S. President Gerald R. Ford makes a point at a National Security Council meeting during the Mayaguez crisis at the White House in Washington in this May 13 , 1975 file photo .
REUTERS / Courtesy Gerald R. Ford Library / David Hume Kennerly / White House Photograph / Handout
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The woman who tried to assassinate President Gerald Ford is expected to be released from prison on August 16 after serving her sentence , a U.S. Justice Department official said on Wednesday .
Lynette “ Squeaky ” Fromme , a one - time follower of mass murderer Charles Manson , has been serving a life sentence but was eligible for parole almost 25 years ago .
She had waived her right to parole previously and chose to remain in prison .
The 60 - year - old Fromme is scheduled to be released on August 16 , according to Felicia Ponce , a spokeswoman for the Federal Bureau of Prisons .
Fromme has been incarcerated at a prison in Fort Worth , Texas .
Ford was unharmed when a Secret Service agent grabbed a semi-automatic . 45 - caliber pistol aimed at him by Fromme on September 5 , 1975 .
Fromme had told her defense attorney she staged the attack because she “ wanted to get some attention for a new trial ” for Manson and members of his gang .
In case you missed it , The Daily Show with Jon Stewart riffed on the pending lawsuit between Eric Stratton ( the developer of the Pull My Finger iPhone app ) and Joel Comm , one of the guys behind the immensely popular iFart Mobile app .
Stratton claims that iFart Mobile ripped off his idea and illegally misappropriated the phrase , “ Pull my Finger . ”
iFart has been one of the more popular iPhone apps of all - time , and famously netted over $ 40,000 in just 2 days last Christmas season .
Check out the hilarious clip below .
The Daily Show delivers yet again !
Hilarious line :
Stratton : Pull My Finger ’s attorneys sent a cease and desist letter to iFart ’s attorneys ..
Daily Show Correspondent Wyatt Cenac : Pull My Finger and iFart have attorneys ?
Stratton : Yes Cenac : Real attorneys ?
Stratton : Yes Cenac : Jewish attorneys ?
Stratton : I have no idea Cenac :
So you ’re not sure that they ’re real attorneys ?
Throw in some awkward silence and a great MC Hammer reference and it ’s comedy / iPhone gold !
Tedy Bruschi Retirement Press Conference ( PHOTOS , VIDEO )
Three time Super Bowl winnerhas announced this morning that he is retiring after a 13 - year NFL career with the New England Patriots .
He had only one goal not realized --- a fourth championship .
The 36 - year - old inside linebacker suffered a stroke in February 2005 and made an amazing recovery , joining the team after just eight months of rehabilitation .
Unfortunately his performance declined in 2008 and he was sidelined during most of the team 's recent training camp .
Coach Bill Belichick paid him the ultimate compliment when asked about Bruschi .
He chocked up and admitted , " How do I feel about Tedy Bruschi ?
He 's a perfect player . "
Bruschi was pleased with the admission .
When asked his reaction , he replied , " That 's something you 'll never hear during your career .
To have him say that to me is probably the best compliment he could ever give me . "
Tedy , of Filipino and Italian descent , and his wife Heidi Bruschi have three sons : Tedy Jr. , Rex and Dante - see photo below .
View Tedy Bruschi press conference comments below .
Press conference video
Now the only hope of reason from the R side of the Baucus cabal has turned into a real Republican .
Olympia Snowe :
Mitchell :
So bottom lines , Nancy Pelosi says that they will not produce anything that does not include a public option .
Do you see any way that the gang of six will come out of the Finance Committee with a public option ?
Snowe :
No , I do n't .
We have not had the public option on the table .
It 's been co ops and addressing affordability and availability and plans through the exchange and those are the challenges we 're wrestling with to insure that there are basic plans to offer Americans .
Meanwhile , Think Progress picks up an interview Baucus gave to the Helena Independent Record , admitting that the Republican leadership 's goal is killing healthcare reform .
In a 50 - minute interview with the Independent Record ’s editorial board , Baucus defended his huddling with just two other Democrats along with three Republican senators to hammer out a health reform package , at a time when his party controls the White House , the House of Representatives and has a 60 - vote majority in the Senate ....
While three health care reform bills have passed various House committees , all eyes are on the Senate Finance Committee , which Baucus chairs .
Baucus has chosen to work most closely with fellow Democrats Kent Conrad of North Dakota and Jeff Bingaman of New Mexico , along with Republicans Chuck Grassley ( Iowa ) , Olympia Snow ( Maine ) and Mike Enzi ( Wyoming ) .
Baucus said the three areas of reform the panel is focused on are reining in costs across the industry , reforming the insurance market and bringing coverage to as many Americans as possible .
Under pressure in Iowa , Grassley told the Washington Post Thursday that Congress should scale back its efforts to overhaul health care in the wake of intense anger at town hall meetings across the country .
Baucus acknowledged the pressure Grassley is under , along with Snow and Enzi .
“ The Republican leadership in the Senate and in the House is doing its utmost to kill this bill , ” he said .
“ They are putting intense political pressure on Chuck Grassley , Olympia Snow [ sic ] and Mike Enzi , to bow out , because they want to kill it .
So I ’ve got a challenge ahead of me to work out all this on policy as we go through these meetings .
“ The other thing is the politics of it : ‘ People , this is the right thing to do for America .
I know you ’re under intense political pressure , but do the right thing .
I know it ’s easy for me to say right now , because I ’m getting beat up by both sides , but not nearly as much as you are by the Republican hierarchy . ’ ”
I wonder who Grassley , Snowe , and Enzi are listening to , Baucus or Jon Kyl when they 're 80 votes as the threshhold for a bipartisan vote on this in the Senate .
Ah , Max .
No wonder his viewed so dismally back home .
But he has a message for Montanans who might rightly think that he 's more concerned with representing the industries that bought his seat :
In the past six years , Baucus and his political action committee have raised some $ 3.4 million in campaign money from health and insurance industry interests .
He adamantly insisted Thursday that those donations , roughly a quarter of all his campaign money in that time , have not colored his views on health care reform .
“ I resent any implication that any of my actions or decisions are a result of campaign contributions , ” he said .
“ I resent that , because that is totally not accurate .
I do what I think is right , period . ”
Kudos to the paper 's editorial board for pushing him on the issue , one that 's not going to be going away for him after the debacle his " leadership " on this issue has become .
At the rate Baucus is going , that 's going to be his legacy back home instead of being the guy who delivered the nation healthcare reform .
He 's going to be the most bought Senator the state has ever had .
For bands rising in the era of rampant downloading , Nine Inch Nails mastermind has some advice
Let ’s start with a little history .
In October 2007 , free of label contract obligations , English band Radiohead rocked headlines by offering their last album , In Rainbows , as a digital download under a pay - what - you - want distribution model .
A few months later , in March 2008 , Nine Inch Nails , taking the same route , offered the album Ghosts I - IV online under a variety of different versions and price points , ranging from free for part of the album to $ 300 for a limited edition signed package of vinyl , photo book , and other multimedia .
Both of these releases had music critics , bloggers , and news media talking about the uncertain future of the music industry , as the Internet makes it increasingly easier for users to download music for free and instantly — illegally or not .
Though many saw Radiohead and Nine Inch Nails as pioneers of a new digital age of free music distribution , many critics rightfully felt that only mega - bands with massive fan bases could implement such models successfully .
As we approach the two - year anniversary of Radiohead ’s milestone in digital distribution , the question has still not been answered .
Is it possible for new bands to survive without signing to a record label ?
Radiohead already dismissed the In Rainbows giveaway as an experiment , returning to regular distribution through independent label XL Recordings .
Trent Reznor , on the other hand , has three big simple words for new and unknown artists : “ GIVE IT AWAY . ”
A day after praising the Ghosts - like distribution model of Beastie Boys ’ Ill Communication through TopSpin Media , Reznor posted a long ramble yesterday on the Nine Inch Nails forums detailing exactly what he thinks aspiring musicians need to do to survive in today ’s music climate .
Basically , he says , artists have two options .
Those who aim to become pop superstars need only give up the rights to their music and sign up with a major record label .
For everybody else , social media is the ticket .
“ The point is this : music IS free whether you want to believe that or not .
Every piece of music you can think of is available free right now a click away .
This is a fact - it sucks as the musician BUT THAT'S THE WAY IT IS ( for now ) , ” Reznor conclusively declares .
“ So ... have the public get what they want FROM YOU instead of a torrent site and garner good will in the process ( plus build your database ) . ”
Recognizing the hopeless futility of the music industry ’s ongoing war against file - sharing , Reznor seeks to instill the same sense of awareness in starting musicians .
Yet , at the same time , he does not mean to say there is no hope for money - making in music anymore .
On the contrary , his argument is that , like Ghosts I - IV or Ill Communication , music packages offered through innovative online music distribution sites like TopSpin Media , TuneCore , and / or Amazon , when combined with bonuses , will actually sell .
Still , as Reznor sees that music alone will not bring in the heavy cash all by itself , the experienced rocker conveys the importance of a band ’s total image towards the ultimate goal of success .
Highlighting the power of social networking in the age of Web 2.0 , Reznor strongly encourages new bands and artists to create a large fan base that will , in the long run , make the band real money .
Being highly creative with their music , bands , Reznor thinks , should also be thinking of themselves in terms of total product , brand , image .
After suggesting artists shoot quick videos , play shows consistently , and start interesting online communities , Reznor sums up the core of his advice in one key statement : “ Utilize the multitude of tools available to you for very little cost of any - Flickr / YouTube / Vimeo / SoundCloud / Twitter etc . ”
After all , is n’t this why social media exists ?
No need to wait for the latest band ’s song to come on the radio , just login to SoundCloud for a sample .
No need to pay street teams to post album promos all over the city , Flickr will take care of photo advertising .
Stop complaining that MTV does n’t play videos anymore , because we have YouTube and Vimeo .
All in all , the music industry veteran proves once again that he understands the immense power of the Web and social networking in revolutionizing yet another form of media .
Though we have yet to see this kind of model proved successful in any quantifiable way , his vision seems well thought out enough to be tested .
Future rock stars : take heed .
( image source : Nine Inch Nails ' Official Photostream on Flickr )
Background : the view from Germany
Berlin , May 26 , 2009 .
Early in June , President Barack Obama will sign into law the
supplemental funding of 92 billion U.S. dollars for the wars in Iraq ,
Afghanistan , and Pakistan that was approved by the U.S. Congress last week .
Then he will depart for a speaking tour and meetings with heads of state in
Egypt and in Europe .
On June 5th , he will be coming to visit us here in Germany ,
making stops at the concentration camp at Buchenwald , at Weimar , and at
Dresden , a site also of massive bombings of civilians during World War II .
This
will be Obama 's third visit to Germany in less than a year , and it seems likely
that he will once again , as in the previous two visits , make a pitch for more
German support for the ongoing " war against terror , " particularly in
Afghanistan .
Though Obama is popular here , the German government has for the
most part stonewalled his requests for further direct German involvement in
these wars .
The well - known German ambivalence towards the U.S .
" war against terror " is now being further tested by a U.S. soldier 's
application for asylum in Germany .
André Shepherd , who was stationed in
Germany , refuses to deploy to Iraq .
Many U.S. soldiers stationed in Europe who
refused service in or support of the wars in Iraq or Afghanistan have been
tried in U.S. military courts in Europe and imprisoned in the U.S. military 's
correctional facility at Mannheim ; the most well known are Blake Lemoine ( 2005 )
and Agustín Aguayo ( 2006 -2007 ) .
But
Shepherd is so far the first to turn to the
German government for help : last November he filed a formal application
to the German government for asylum .
For the moment his case is
entirely outside of U.S .
jurisdiction .
Shepherd argues that there are strong reasons arising from
Germany 's history for Germany to grant him asylum : the Nuremberg Principles and
the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Germany that has provisions written
in the spirit of Nuremberg .
In 2005 the highest German administrative court
upheld a German military officer 's right to refuse orders in 2003 to provide
software that might have been used by the U.S. for logistics during the
invasion of Iraq .
Shepherd 's case is of significance in part because of
the strategic importance of the bases in Germany for the U.S. wars in the
Middle East .
Outside of Iraq and Afghanistan ,
the U.S. has far more bases in Germany than in any other country ; ca. 68,000
U.S. troops are stationed at U.S. bases throughout southern Germany .
Approximately 80 % of the soldiers and supplies to the war zones are routed
through Germany , which also hosts the Pentagon 's commands for Africa ( AFRICOM )
and for Europe and the former Soviet Union ( EUCOM ) .
As
a sovereign nation , Germany could at any time restrict use of the U.S .
bases , as Turkey , also a NATO member , did in 2003 .
The German
government refused to provide its own troops for the Iraq war , which
did not have a UN mandate .
But the German government interpreted the
NATO treaties as allowing the U.S. to use the U.S. bases in Germany for
the invasion of Iraq .
According
to a 2005 survey conducted by the German military
( Bundeswehr ) , 68 % of the Germans polled oppose the use of war to solve
any
international conflict ; in contrast ca. 90 % of U.S. citizens support
the use of
war .
Per numerous surveys , a majority of Germans oppose German
participation in the war in
Afghanistan .
In the campaigns leading up to the parliamentary election
in September , it is likely that at least one parliamentary party will
call for the closing of all foreign military bases on German soil .
André Shepherd , 32 , grew up in Ohio , where he
attended college .
Like President Obama , he is an African - American .
In 2003 ,
when unemployed , he joined the U.S. Army .
He was trained as an Apache
helicopter mechanic and was stationed in Germany at the U.S. Army's
Ansbach - Katterbach base .
From there he was deployed in 2004 to Iraq for six
months .
In 2007 , back in Germany , he received orders to return to Iraq .
In
April 2007 , he went absent without leave ( AWOL ) and lived underground in
Germany .
He formally applied for asylum in Germany on November 26 , 2008 .
His
application references a directive of the European Union under which soldiers
must be granted asylum in the E.U. if they have reason to fear persecution in
their home countries for refusing to participate in crimes or actions that
violate international law .
Shepherd is
currently living in an asylum facility in western Germany together
with other asylum applicants , primarily from Iraq and Afghanistan ;
the facility and a small living stipend are provided by the
German government pending the outcome of his case .
This interview was previously published in the national German daily newspaper junge Welt on May 23 , 2009 , the 60th anniversary of the German Constitution .
Since the " war on terror " began , there have been
many U.S. soldiers who have spoken out and many who have refused to serve .
But
you are the first so far to apply for asylum in Germany .
What are the grounds
on which your application is based ?
Well , it 's very simple :
In the war of aggression against
the Iraqi people , the United States violated not only domestic law , but
international law as well .
The U.S. government has deceived not only the American
public , but also the international community , the Iraqi community , as well as
the military community .
And the atrocities that have been committed there these
past six years are great breaches of the Geneva Conventions .
My applying for
asylum is based on the grounds that international law has been broken and that
I do not want to be forced to fight in an illegal war .
In your asylum application , you mention the
Principles of the International Military Tribunal at Nuremberg , which were
incorporated in the UN Charter .
In Nuremberg , the chief U.S. prosecutor , Robert
H. Jackson , stated : " To initiate a war of aggression , therefore , is not only an
international crime ; it is the supreme international crime differing only from
other war crimes in that it contains within itself the accumulated evil of the
whole . "
In opening the trial on behalf of the United States , he stated
that " while this law is first applied against German aggressors , this law
includes and if it is to serve a useful purpose it must condemn aggression by
any other nations , including those which sit here now in judgment . "
What
does Nuremberg mean to you ?
The Nuremberg statutes are the foundation of many U.S .
soldiers ' refusal of the Iraq war , and to some extent of the Afghanistan war .
The United States with its Allies after World War II crafted these laws stating
that even though you 've gotten orders to commit crimes against humanity , you
do n't have to follow them , because every person has their own conscience .
That
was more than 60 years ago .
Today the U.S. government seems to be under the
impression that those rules do not apply to it .
In invading Iraq , they did not
wait for a UN mandate , they did n't let the inspectors do their job , and they
made up stories about who 's a real threat .
This totally violated everything
stated in the Nuremberg statutes .
The U.S. Constitution states that the U.S. is
bound to our international treaties , for example with the UN .
When we ignore
the UN , we are violating the U.S. Constitution , which every U.S. soldier is
sworn to uphold .
And the U.S. must also respect our own very strict laws
against war crimes and torture .
Since the Obama administration refuses to
investigate and prosecute the previous administration , it 's clear to me that
the Obama administration is an accomplice to the previous administration's
crimes .
They 're setting a very dangerous precedent for the future of the world ,
something I do n't want to see .
The German people are well aware of the history ;
it is here that the Nuremberg tenets were first set down .
Now we have to find a
way to restore those tenets , to actually respect the Nuremberg tenets as well
as the Geneva Conventions .
Germany needs to tell the U.S. , " Look , you guys
helped create these laws , and now you guys should abide by your own rules . "
When you were stationed in Ansbach - Katterbach ,
were you aware of the German citizens ' campaign to prevent the U.S. from
enlarging the base there ?
Yes , there were protests outside of the Katterbach base .
Being inside , we understood that the German people were n't against us as
soldiers .
They were just protesting against Germany 's further involvement in
U.S. imperialism .
So the relationship between us Americans and the Germans
working on the base was actually still good .
We were of course not allowed to join
the protests .
I am sure the U.S. military assumed that 50 % of the GIs would
have been out there protesting .
A lot of the
soldiers understand what is going on - to the point that we realize that we are
just a mercenary army for a few rich people .
But a significant number of GIs ,
about 60 % , have families , so it 's very difficult for them to go AWOL or make
massive resistance .
As part of their protest , the citizens of Ansbach
and Katterbach circulated a petition citing Article 26 of the German
Constitution , pronounced 60 years ago on May 23rd , 1949 , in the Basic Law of
the Federal Republic of Germany .
Article 26 states that the preparation of
aggressive war from German soil is unconstitutional and a criminal offense .
In
Kaiserslautern and in Ramstein , where there are also U.S. bases , there were
also petitions circulated citing this Article .
These German believe that the
U.S. is violating the German Constitution by preparing aggressive war from
German soil .
Were the GIs aware of this provision of the German Constitution ?
We received almost no information about the German
Constitution at all .
This seems strange to me , because if we 're supposedly in
Germany to defend German democracy , should n't we know something about it ?
The
fact is that wherever U.S. soldiers are sent , they are taught almost nothing
about the people , the culture , the beliefs and laws in the countries we are
occupying .
When I was in Iraq , they did n't teach us any Arabic .
In Ansbach ,
they do offer an optional German course , but we work long hours speaking
English all day , so most GIs do n't learn much German .
Now that I have been
living among Germans for the past eighteen months , I have learned that very
many of them are very much against using war to solve international problems or
to aggress against people .
This comes from what they 've learned from their own
history .
Article 26 of the German Constitution was written in the spirit of the
Nuremberg statutes , which state that launching an aggressive war is the most
serious crime .
The U.S. and the Western Allies approved and authorized the
German Constitution .
How can the U.S. say we are here in Germany to defend
democracy when we are ignoring and violating not only the Nuremberg statutes
and the Geneva Conventions and the U.S. Constitution , but also the German
Constitution ?
What is your understanding of why Germany is
allowing the U.S. to conduct these wars from German soil ?
Honestly , I cannot answer that : you could look at it
from the political side ; you could look at it from the economic side .
Or maybe
Germany just has a hands - off approach : " You guys are paying the gas , you guys
are paying us for the rental space , so you guys just do your thing , and we're
not going to do anything about it . "
So in filing this application for asylum , it 's not
just about finding a place to live or something like that : you 're trying to
raise a larger historical and political principle ?
Yes , that 's correct , because it is my sincere belief
that the United States has gone too far .
In Iraq alone 1.3 million people have
died so far , and that includes American soldiers as well .
We 've attacked
several countries over the past eight or nine years : Afghanistan , Syria ,
Pakistan , Iraq , and some places in the Sudan .
All over the world , we 're just
destroying property and killing people , all based on lies .
And I feel like that
I have to do everything I can to help put an end to this .
I feel guilty enough
for having taken a part in this war for almost five years .
I want to be able to
atone for that .
Why did n't you go through the U.S. legal system
and apply to the Army for conscientious objector status ?
When I asked my NCO ( officer ) about applying as a CO
( conscientious objector ) , he told me that you have to be against fighting in
all wars of every form .
And that does n't work for me , because of course if
you 're being overrun by a foreign invader , you would have to fight back .
According to U.S. Army regulations , this means you are not a conscientious
objector .
I also learned of the case of Agustín Aguayo and saw how the military
treated him .
He was based Schweinfurt , Germany , not far from where I was in
Ansbach .
He tried to go through the military procedures to be recognized as a
conscientious objector , and he refused to load his weapon .
Twice he turned
himself in to the U.S. authorities and said , " Look , I 'm a CO , and I can't do
this . "
But the military wanted to force him to go back and fight anyway .
Ultimately they put him in jail in Mannheim .
This showed me that I could not
expect any help from within the military , and I decided to fight for my rights
from the outside .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
Can you think of any moment when you suddenly
realized , " What I 'm doing here is wrong ? "
I can't pick only one moment , because this was a process
that went on for years .
Falludja was one .
Looking at the aftermath of that
battle , especially what the Marines , and the Air Force , and the Apache
helicopters did to that city -- the devastation caused by these machines and
the air war , also in Basra and in many other Iraqi cities -- I realized that if
it were n't for my work and the work of the other mechanics , those Apaches
would n't have gotten very far .
We were constantly working , 12 hours a day , 6
days a week , to make sure this sophisticated equipment continued to fly ,
especially in the hard conditions in Iraq with all the sand storms and the
temperature changes from 140 degrees in the day to 60 at night .
Had we , the
mechanics of these aircraft , not done our jobs and refused from the beginning
to take part in this war , a lot of those people would still be alive , and a lot
of the infrastructure in Iraq would still be functioning .
And then there was when one of the Iraqi guys working
for the U.S. Army on our sandbags told me how he did n't understand why we were
destroying their city , destroying their infrastructure , arresting people .
And
I 'm just standing there like " what ? ! "
I can't believe this stuff is happening ,
because I thought the military is supposed to be fighting for the rights of
people .
They 're not supposed to torture .
They 're the ones who are supposed to
get rid of the torturers and to stop the rapists and to help people to have a
better life .
And when I heard what we 're really doing - it just turns your
whole world upside down !
And then there are the 937 lies of George W. Bush to the
American people : you just feel like a fool , because we signed up to do X , but
we wound up doing Y and Z and who knows what else .
We killed people ; some of
our people got killed .
An entire country , two countries , are completely
destroyed .
I keep wondering : what was this all for ?
Ask anybody , why are we in Iraq ?
And you hear several
theories : Israel , oil , strategic purposes for Iran , whatever , but no one really
has the answer .
Same thing in Afghanistan : the NATO mission only went to
Afghanistan because of U.S. insistence .
We have to force the U.S. to clarify
what the actual objective in Afghanistan is .
Are they there to help out the
drug dealers cultivating heroin , or for the Unical pipeline , or are they there
just to have a forward base to go into China or Russia ?
Why are we there ?
Do you think President Obama is going to change
any of this ?
No .
Obama has the backing of the international
corporations .
And the people who gave him the most money are the ones whose
interests are going to be served first .
And it 's quite obvious .
He wo n't go
after the prior administration for the war crimes ; he wo n't pull out of Iraq .
He 's leaving 50,000 soldiers to conduct combat missions in Iraq .
That means the
war is continuing .
He wants to escalate the war in Afghanistan .
He wants to
keep pushing for AFRICOM , the U.S. command for Africa based in Stuttgart , and
he 's pushing for the missile shield to try to encircle Russia and Iran .
These
things show me that Barack Obama is not going to change anything .
And Obama is
only one guy .
He still has to deal with the entire Congress , the court system ,
the Pentagon .
The military has been around for over 220 some years , and they 're
not going to change overnight just because there 's a new Commander - in - Chief .
They 're still arresting people who refuse to fight .
They 're still putting them in
jail , giving them dishonorable discharges , and some are facing possible felony
convictions .
But Obama has yet to speak of the growing number of soldiers
refusing to fight for him - well , first Bush , and now him .
So I do n't see
President Obama granting anyone clemency until the entire " war on terror " is
finished , and Afghanistan and Iraq are part of the same war .
How is your asylum application progressing ?
We had a hearing on the 4th of February with
my attorney , Dr. Reinhard Marx , and myself at the Federal Office of Migration
and Immigration .
Dr. Marx was recommended to me by Amnesty International .
I
believe that we presented our case very well , and we 're waiting to see what the
decision is .
If the Office of Migration and Immigration were to deny my request
for asylum , then I would bring my case to court in Germany .
Because of the
political sensitivity of this case , and because this is a precedent - setting
case , it could take a lot of time .
Many U.S. soldiers who have fled the military are
living underground in the U.S. and dozens more are likely in Europe .
In Canada ,
many of them have applied for asylum , but since last summer they are being
deported and then imprisoned in the U.S.
What if Germany rejects your asylum
application ?
Then I 'm facing a U.S. military court martial and jail
time .
I 'm not saying I would go back to the U.S. willingly ; I would still try
to find another way to build a life somewhere .
What if you are granted asylum in Germany ?
The day I am legally allowed to go to the German
Employment Office , I will probably camp outside so I can be the first one in
there , because being 32 years old and healthy , I feel I should be able to make
my own way .
I 'm taking classes to learn German , and I 'm trying to get into the
University of Karlsruhe so that I can study computer science .
I want to get the
Bachelor 's or even the Master 's so that I can eventually start my own business .
My ultimate dream job would be to work with German and Japanese companies ,
which are the foremost leaders in information technology , to develop artificial
intelligence .
If Germany granted you asylum , would large numbers
of GIs who are stationed here start walking off the bases ?
I would see maybe like 100 or 200 , but I do n't see
30,000 soldiers applying for asylum in Germany .
It 's no easy thing , because
you 're basically saying goodbye to your country , perhaps for the rest of your
life .
That 's a really big step .
You have to say goodbye to your family .
You've
got to learn a new language and try to fit into the culture .
You 've got to deal
with homesickness .
It is a very important personal step that a lot of soldiers
would find difficult .
But you are taking all these difficulties upon
yourself .
Why do you feel called to do this ?
Because I was sick of watching the United States degenerate
into something I can't even recognize anymore .
The America that I grew up in
is n't there anymore .
Between Clinton , Bush , and now Obama , the U.S. is sliding
from the constitutional republic that it was to where now the corporations are
just taking all the fruits of the American people 's labor ; the country 's really
poor , we 've got endless war everywhere .
60 years from now people will be saying
that we were the country that destroyed half the Middle East for nothing .
They 're building up a civilian corps that 'll spy and turn in everybody , you
know , like a modern day Stasi .
These things are very disturbing .
This is a
country that I do n't want to live in or raise my future children in .
America's
going down the exact same path as the Roman Empire , and it 's really sad , having
grown up there , to watch the destruction slowly happen before your eyes .
Sometimes you feel , no matter what you do , it 's going to happen anyway .
There
have been many people before who have been sounding the alarm bells , many peace
organizations .
And I want to help , put my hand in and try to stop it as well .
And this is something that 's been building up over time , because I 'm totally
hurt .
I feel cheated .
I feel lied to .
You know , I helped murder people in Iraq
for nothing .
These are things I 'm not proud of whatsoever , and I want to be
able to turn this around and bring the people ultimately responsible for this
to justice .
Because had I known back then what I know now , I never would have
signed up in the first place .
What can people do to help you ?
Help raise awareness internationally , because this is
not just about me .
It 's about the other soldiers as well .
We 're all in this
together .
And especially it's about the Iraqi people , the Afghan people , the
dead soldiers , just everyone .
Organizations people can contact are Military
Counseling Network ( MCN ) or Connection e.V. , Tübingen Progressive Americans ,
Munich American Peace Committee , Iraq Veterans Against the War , and it's good
to contact with DFG - VK in Germany - they 're a national organization .
Right now
we 're collecting letters to give to the German government to show the support
of the German people .
The German government also needs to know that Americans
and people from other countries support my request for asylum .
This is an
international problem , and I believe in an international solution .
To support André Shepherd , contact :
girights-germany@dfg-vk.de
or see www.connection-ev.de
***
Elsa Rassbach is U.S. citizen , filmmaker and
journalist who often lives and works in Berlin , Germany .
She co-founded
American Voices Abroad Military Project , an initiative to support GIs who
resist in Europe , and she is active in DFG - VK ( the German affiliate of War Resisters
International , WRI ) as well as in Code Pink and the International Committee of
United for Peace and Justice ( UFPJ ) .
Her award - winning film , " The Killing
Floor , " set in the Chicago Stockyards , will be re-released this year .
Translation into German by Eva Brückner - Tuckwiller .
Both photos : Credit : Connection e.V.
Top Ten
Top
Ten reasons we formed our own clan :
10 ) Self - respecting clans would n't touch us .
9 ) Chicks dig clan dudes .
8 ) Natural cyber extension of our everyday Klan activities .
7 ) Seven fewer people who will be fragging us .
6 ) Thrown out of Jaycees for " repeated firearms violations " .
5 ) Someone told us it COULD be tax - deductible .
4 ) Could n't think of anything else to put on our webpage .
3 ) Look for a job ..?
Form a clan ..?
Look for a job ..?
2 ) Clan initials make you SEEM better to others .
1 ) Yet another reason to get together and drink !
Top Ten reasons Quake is banned in Germany :
This week , instead of a post on DSELs , I ’m going to show what I ’ve been working on .
It ’s my first , real foray into Haskell : a game implementation .
Some day soon I hope to make my implementation available on the Haskell libraries repository ( Hackage ) .
Thanks goes to the folk at the Haskell irc channel #haskell who helped me when I got stuck .
Special mention goes to Saizan for his everlasting patience .
Edit :
Some more details :
The game is being played by me in single player mode .
The other parts shown are WIP .
The graphics library used if anyone is interested is Gtk2hs .
Edit 2 :
In light of a comment by one of the visitors of the blog ( which was also a nagging worry of mine ) , and some searching on my side I decided to alter the game ’s name and certain minor features to prevent copyright problems .
I have uploaded a new video which reflects these changes .
Edit 3 :
4 Blocks code released !
Check here and here for more info ! 🙂
CHASKA , Minn . --
Tiger Woods will be fined by the PGA Tour for his public criticism of a rules official after winning the Bridgestone Invitational , a tour official said Monday .
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because the tour does not publicize fines .
Woods was bothered after his four - shot victory Sunday because he and Padraig Harrington were put on the clock at the par - 5 16th .
He said that caused Harrington to rush three difficult shots , leading to triple bogey .
European
Tour chief referee John Paramor told Woods and Harrington they were being timed .
Woods said he told Harrington after it was over , " I 'm sorry that John got in the way of a great battle . "
Paramor said the final pairing was well behind most of the back nine , but officials gave them time to catch up .
They were still 17 minutes out of position on the 16th tee , when they were put on the clock .
Woods hooked his tee shot , punched out to 178 yards and hit an 8 - iron that stopped a foot from the hole for birdie .
From the right trees , Harrington hit a 5 - iron to the edge of a bunker , went over the green , then hit a flop shot too hard and into the water .
The four - shot swing took the drama from one of the most compelling final rounds of the year .
" I do n't think that Paddy would have hit the pitch shot that way if he was able to take his time , look at it , analyze it , " Woods said .
" But he was on the clock , had to get up there quickly and hit it . "
Harrington conceded he was rushed , although he said it would be unfair to give the final group preferential treatment .
Section VI - D in the PGA Tour 's player handbook says , " It is an obligation of membership to refrain from comments to the news media that unreasonably attack or disparage tournaments , sponsors , fellow members , players or PGA Tour . "
In order to get that 230 MPG city mileage , GM expects Chevy Volt owners to recharge at home every single night .
Here 's how you 'll do that .
Advertisement
The volt will come standard with a portable 120 - volt charger that 'll work with standard home outlets .
Just plug it into the wall , connect it to the car and come back six to eight hours later for a complete charge .
Advertisement
For impatient owners , GM is also talking about offering an optional 240 - volt home charge unit that 'll need to be hardwired into your garage , car port or whatever you high falutin suburbanites keep your cars in these days .
Expect the price of the unit and the installation to be wrapped into one bundle that 'll be appealing priced and available straight from dealers .
A coil cord will extend from that wall unit to the car and can complete a full charge in just three to four hours .
It 's expected that the vast majority of owners will use this setup and carry their 120 - volt portable chargers for on - the - go or emergency recharges .
The reason the 240 - volt charger is n't portable is due to national electric codes which require the device to be hard wired and the nature of the 240 - volt plug ( think of the big three pronger that hooks your dryer up to the wall ) , which is n't designed to withstand repeated plug - ins / unplugs .
Speaking as someone who has electrocuted himself with 240 - volt electricity several times , hardwiring is probably for the best .
Advertisement
Both types of charger will connect to the car with a universal J1772 plug that 's capable of withstanding the full weight of the car should your wife run it over , can shut the car off if she tries to drive away with it plugged in and " talks " to the batteries to regulate the flow of juice should the level of amperage being drawn threaten to trip circuit breakers or similar .
GM hopes to offer hardwired 240 - volt quick chargers in the parking garages of major companies and retails outlets and at other popular commuting destinations at some unspecified date in the future .
Advertisement
GM has gone so far as to consider and then rule out the use of automatic plug winders , finding that they 're prone to breakage and the tightly wound extension cords can generate dangerous levels of heat .
Instead , a variety of cord lengths will likely be offered to suit individual needs .
How safe is all this ?
According to Volt vehicle line director Tony Posawatz the recharging system is idiot proof .
He even went so far as to say , " You could dunk this in a bucket of water and you 'd be ok . " [ via Edmunds ]
Whole Foods Market Announces Nourishing our Neighborhoods , a Food Redistribution Program to Reduce Food Waste and Feed Communities
A fleet of refrigerated vans will be sponsored by Whole Foods Market for food rescue organizations to transport perishable and nonperishable food to neighbors in need .
IT'S TIME
Since our beginning in 2005 , we have assisted over 1200 families to attend their New Marines graduation .
A mission that was accomplished by volunteers Gretchen Miller , Steve Nelson , Max Beerup , and myself .
Our small group has gotten much older and past retirement time .
At this time we are pleased to refer this assistance to Marine Parents Association at MarineParents.com .
They will continue our mission of helping parents get to the Marine Corps bootcamp graduations .
Special thanks to our directors and all the people who have supported us faithfully throughout the years .
It has been quite a journey .
Thanks for taking it with us .
Sincerely ,
John Weant , President
Students who learn history by watching historically based blockbuster movies may be doomed to repeat the historical mistakes portrayed within them , suggests a new study from Washington University in St. Louis .
The study , forthcoming in the journal Psychological Science , suggests that showing popular history movies in a classroom setting can be a double - edged sword when it comes to helping students learn and retain factual information in associated textbooks .
We found that when information in the film was consistent with information in the text , watching the film clips increased correct recall by about 50 percent relative to reading the text alone , ” explains Andrew Butler , a psychology doctoral student in Arts & Sciences .
“ In contrast , when information in the film directly contradicted the text , people often falsely recalled the misinformation portrayed in the film , sometimes as much as 50 percent of the time . ”
Butler , whose research focuses on how cognitive psychology can be applied to enhance educational practice , notes that teachers can guard against the adverse impact of movies that play fast and loose with historical fact , although a general admonition may not be sufficient .
“ The misleading effect occurred even when people were reminded of the potentially inaccurate nature of popular films right before viewing the film , ” Butler says .
“ However , the effect was completely negated when a specific warning about the particular inaccuracy was provided before the film . ”
Butler conducted the study with colleagues in the Department of Psychology ’s Memory Lab .
Co-authors include fellow doctoral student Franklin M. Zaromb , postdoctoral researcher Keith B. Lyle and Henry L. “ Roddy ” Roediger III , the Lab ’s principal investigator and the James S. McDonnell Distinguished University Professor of Psychology .
“ These results have implications for the common educational practice of using popular films as an instructional aid , ” Butler concludes .
“ Although films may increase learning and interest in the classroom , educators should be aware that students might learn inaccurate information , too , even if the correct information has been presented in a text .
More broadly , these same positive and negative effects apply to the consumption of popular history films by the general public . ”
Historical Inaccuracies in Popular Films
Popular films increase interest in history and contain much accurate information , but producers of these films often take liberties with facts to tell a more entertaining story .
Such is the case with the movie Amadeus , a historical drama about the life of composer Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart .
Released in 1984 , the film delighted moviegoers and critics alike , eventually winning eight Academy Awards , including Best Picture .
Although the film is credited with increasing the popularity of Mozart ’s music , it may also have created a misleading impression of Mozart .
AMADEUS ( 1984 )
Topic : Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
The film clip depicts Mozart as being a childish and vulgar person .
In fact , there is no evidence that Mozart behaved this way in public .
On the contrary , Mozart is thought to have displayed impeccable manners in the presence of royalty and acted professionally with colleagues .
AMISTAD ( 1997 )
Topic : Mutiny on the Spanish Ship Amistad
The 1997 film clip depicts Cinque is sitting in shackles before the Supreme Court during the trial .
In fact , Cinque was imprisoned in Connecticut during the trial .
TOMBSTONE ( 2000 )
Topic : Wyatt Earp and the Shootout at the OK Corral
The film clip depicts Doc Holliday shooting and killing Johnny Ringo .
In fact , Holliday is known to have been in a Colorado courtroom on the day of Ringo ’s death , so he could not have killed him .
Johnny Ringo ’s death was officially ruled a suicide .
MARIE ANTOINETTE ( 2006 )
Topic : The French Revolution
In the film clip , a mob that is attacking Versailles briefly falls silent when Marie Antoinette appears on the balcony , presumably out of respect for the queen .
In fact , this is not known to have happened and , given the French people ’s great dislike for Marie Antoinette , it is highly unlikely the crowd would have reacted in this way .
GLORY ( 1989 )
Topic : 54th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry
The film clip depicts new recruits for the 54th Massachusetts Infantry assembling and meeting each other for the first time .
Most of the individuals shown in the clip are former slaves from the South .
In fact , most of the recruits in this regiment were freemen from Massachusetts and other Northern states .
U -571 ( 2000 )
Topic : Deciphering the Nazi’s Enigma Code
The film clip depicts American sailors , intelligence , and special operations officers planning a secret mission to capture an Enigma machine from a disabled German submarine , the U - 571 .
In fact , it was the British navy that captured enough Enigma materials from German U - boats and warships to break the German naval code .
ELIZABETH ( 1998 )
Topic : Queen Elizabeth
The film clip depicts Queen Elizabeth forcing her chief advisor , Sir William Cecil , into retirement and giving him the title of Lord Burghley to make his retirement comfortable .
In fact , Sir William Cecil was never retired by Elizabeth , but remained her chief advisor until his death and was given the title of Lord Burghley as a reward for his years of service .
EIGHT MEN OUT ( 1988 )
Topic : The Chicago “ Black Sox ” Scandal
In the film clip , the players involved in the Chicago “ Black Sox ” scandal are banned from baseball immediately after the 1919 World Series and never allowed to play another professional game .
In fact , the players played 5 more months , almost another full season , before they were banned from baseball because the investigation commissioned by the baseball owners dragged on for nearly a year .
LAST SAMURAI ( 2003 )
Topic : The Satsuma Rebellion
In the film clip , American soldiers are brought to Japan to prepare the Imperial Army to put down a rebellion started by the Satsuma clan of samurai .
In fact , the Japanese hired French military advisors because the French army was one of the most powerful in the world at that time .
In contrast , the American army was not particularly strong and was still rebuilding after the U.S. Civil War .
In the last week I 've had the chance to play with a few new services that have begun to appear :
Pixoh : an on - line photo editor YouOS : a web operating system Wufoo : a web - based form builder and data collection / reporting service
All three were born out of the desire to solve existing real - world problems .
And they 've all been brought from idea to working prototype in the last few months by very small teams of people ( 4 or less ) .
They 're working under the guidance and funding of Y Combinator , the Paul Graham , Trevor Blackwell , and Robert Morris created startup incubator in Mountain View .
Each of those services manages to offer something easy to use that 's also groundbreaking in one or more ways .
However , this is n't inatended to be a detailed review of any .
I 'll save that for later .
Last night I had the opportunity to spend a few hours at their office meeting with the founders , watching product demos , and exchanging ideas about how they could expand and improve their services .
I also spent a bit of time watching Trevor 's latest robot creations , including the self - balancing robotic Segway .
Cool stuff . ;-)
I had a great time and was impressed by the drive , energy , and creativity of the young entrepreneurs present .
I would n't be at all surprised if we end up hearing a lot more about them in the coming months as their products become more public and further refined .
Thanks to Paul and others for the chance to drop by and hang out !
Posted by jzawodn at March 17 , 2006 07:29 AM
